MGA: Chapter 14 – Elder Brother’s LetterChu Feng smiled, but his smile was very malicious. He raised the dagger up high and spit a single word out very faintly,“One.”*whoosh*Before he even finished speaking, Chu Feng’s dagger suddenly descended.“I was wrong!!”“I was wrong, Chu Feng I was wrong. Please forgive me, please…don’t destroy my cultivation, please don’t…” Chu Cheng yelled out as if he was crazy and his sounds carried some sobbing noises.With that, Chu Feng also stopped his movements with a bit of shock and smiled while looking at the current Chu Cheng.He discovered that Chu Cheng had his eyes closed, 2 rows of tears were rushing out, and his mouth kept on asking for forgiveness.Not only was his expression painful, his entire body was trembling, and underneath, there was even a huge puddle with a nasty smell emitted from it.Chu Feng threw the dagger on the floor, searched around Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen’s body, and finally he found five low quality spiritual medicines, “Ground Spirit Grass”.After doing that, Chu Feng went in front of Chu Cheng, lightly patted his face, and said,“Look at yourself. Who is the actual garbage? You should now know that clearly in your heart.”“Haha…” After saying that, Chu Feng laughed and left gracefully.After Chu Feng left, Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen supported themselves and stumbled into the darkness of the night.But before they left for long, a beautiful face walked out from the darkness. It was Chu Yue.However, Chu Yue’s sweet face was already filled with astonishment.After quite a while, she muttered to herself, “Chu Feng, what kind of person are you, and what kind of strength do you have…”Suddenly, she closed her eyes and she remembered the young Chu Feng.No matter how much people mocked him, he never mocked back.No matter how much people humiliated him, he never attacked back.A smile was always on his face and it made people feel pity. It made people feel sorry for him. It made people want to protect him.Finally, Chu Yue opened her eyes and she suddenly smiled,“Perhaps we were wrong by looking at you as a weak person.”“Perhaps this is the real you. You don’t need the protection of others, because you are strong enough to protect others.”At that moment, Chu Feng already returned to his own residence. He took out the three Saint Spirit Grasses and the five Ground Spirit Grasses out.Although the Ground Spirit Grasses were only low quality spiritual medicine, they were still precious items for cultivation. Chu Feng felt that by taking them away, it was enough to make Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen feel pained.When he thought of the brothers who always humiliated him just got a lesson given by him, Chu Feng felt extremely refreshed.“It seems that there’s a correct saying. 'Against an evil person you need a grindstone for an evil person.' To talk reason to an evil person requires one to use their fists.”Chu Feng smiled, but didn’t rush and start cultivating. He took out his elder brother’s letter.He opened the letter and rows of familiar characters appeared in front of him. It was Chu Guyu’s handwriting.“Brother, five years has passed since you entered the Azure Dragon School, and we haven’t met each other in five years as well.”“After a few more days, the annual family gathering will arrive, and this year, the head of the family will retire from his position.”“With his retirement, we need to elect the new head of the family, and father is one of the candidates.”“To father, this is an extremely important day, so I hope that you can return in this year’s gathering and cheer for father along with me.”Although there were only a few lines of words, the meaning was passed on. Chu Feng thought deeply about the letter’s contents.Every year, in the family gathering, the young generation of the Chu family would have a martial exchange competition to test the results of their cultivation.Although it was only test on the surface, in reality, it showed the potential of the younger generation and it also decided the position of the older generation in the family.This time, Chu Yuan was able to get the qualifications as a candidate, because not only did he have strong power, he also had an absolute relationship between Chu Guyu.Chu Guyu. Within the young generation of the Chu family, he was the only person able to enter the Lingyun School.He pretty much was able to get first in all the family competitions. His potential was very huge, so naturally, it affected Chu Yuan’s position.After some thought, Chu Feng found a pen and paper, then started to write the reply letter to Chu Guyu.The content was very simple. This year, he would go the family gathering, because Chu Feng also wanted to help out in his father’s election.He wanted to demonstrate his abilities in the family competition and at least get a decent position. That way, he could let everyone know that both of Chu Yuan’s sons were not mediocre.Or in other words, Chu Feng felt that the time to prove himself had arrived.After writing the letter, Chu Feng completely refined the three Saint Spirit Grasses and the five Ground Spirit Grasses.That time, Chu Feng finally felt a full feeling in his dantian. With his estimation, after refining another twenty Saint Spirit Grasses, he may be able to have a breakthrough.However, those twenty Saint Spirit Grasses would cost an astounding amount. Therefore, he put all his hopes in tomorrow’s Spiritual Medicine Hunt.The next morning arrived and the sky just started getting bright. But in the huge plaza at the north of the Azure Dragon School, over ten thousand people were gathered there. It was one of the entrances to the Spiritual Medicine Mountain.Chu Feng carried two bags. One was full of food, the other was completely empty. He was looking all around in the crowd and trying to find Chu Yue.“Chu Feng, here.”He heard a familiar sound and Chu Yue was indeed nearby. She was happily waving her hands at Chu Feng.Compared to Chu Feng’s equipment, Chu Yue was a lot simpler. She only brought a waist purse and she had the same as the clothing as yesterday.“Chu Yue, you’re not bringing food? The Spiritual Medicine Hunt spans for a whole ten days. What are you going to eat?” Chu Feng had a face of confusion on.“Idiot. Don’t forget that we are an organization. I’m only responsible for chasing the spiritual medicine. Rough work like carrying food would of course be done by other people.”As Chu Yue said that, she pointed to some place. The members of the Chu Alliance were there and Chu Feng had seen them yesterday.Indeed, three of them carried a huge bag, and those must have been for food.“Chu Feng, there are different teams for hunting the spiritual medicine. After entering the mountain we split into 3 groups.”“In every group, some are responsible for carrying food, some are responsible for surrounding the spiritual medicine, and I am responsible for hunting the spiritual medicine.”“The division of work was determined by strength, and the division of spiritual medicine was also divided like that.” Chu Yue explained in detail to Chu Feng.With that, Chu Feng had a deeper understanding in spiritual medicine hunting and he also learnt the benefits of group hunting.Before being picked, the spiritual medicine had their spiritual nature so they could escape. Without an absolute strength, it was really too hard to try and catch spiritual medicines by yourself.That was also why a large portion of the disciples would choose to enter an alliance. It was because with strength such as theirs, the group power was indeed stronger than their personal power.After describing the methods of hunting the spiritual medicine, Chu Yue brought Chu Feng to the crowd of the Chu Alliance.After getting near, Chu Feng found out that there was one less person than yesterday. That person was exactly Chu Cheng.Yesterday, Chu Cheng was beaten extremely badly by Chu Feng. His entire face became a pig head, so he must have had no face to see anyone. That was why he abandoned his chance in the rare Spiritual Medicine Hunt.Other than Chu Cheng, Chu Feng also saw another familiar person, and it was Chu Zhen.But, the current Chu Zhen did not have the former arrogance. He lowered his head and said nothing, seemingly having received a huge blow and it seemed extremely depressing.