MGA: Chapter 134 - Hungry Wolf Pouncing on the White RabbitSex Scene Continued“Mm—”Chu Feng massaged his aching brain and gradually opened his eyes. As he was in a daze, there was a smile on the corner of his mouth because he remembered that he had a very beautiful dream. So beautiful that he was not even willing to wake up from it. Within the dream, he did a very comfortable thing. Although he forgot about the details and people, it was very beautiful and hard to forget.“Su Rou!” But when Chu Feng saw Su Rou who was completely bare-naked next to him and the bloodstain on the ground, he was instantly disarrayed.Associating back to the fragments of memory, Chu Feng thought of an inconceivable thing. It was that he forced Su Mei’s elder sister, the second lady of the Su family, Su Rou, down.“My Gods, why did I do such a thing?” Chu Feng was completely dumbfounded and he did not know what to do.“No need to blame yourself. This was not your fault.” Su Rou’s had a very cold expression and her voice was very calm. It seemed that she already woke up a long time ago and organized her own emotions. Su Rou stood up, and her pure white, perfect body appeared in front of Chu Feng’s eyes again.“This...” Seeing that, Chu Feng subconsciously turned his head away and didn’t dare to look.“No need to put up an act. You’ve already seen enough last night.”Su Rou grinded her teeth and bit her lower lip. She was really furious because not only did Chu Feng look all over her body last night, he even took away her most precious chastity.Although she knew that Chu Feng’s actions yesterday were not done voluntarily, when she saw Chu Feng currently having such upright behavior and had such an ashamed expression, Su Rou was still extremely angry.From Su Rou’s words, Chu Feng thought about it, and he agreed. As a man, one should be able to dare to act courageously and dare to take responsibility. Since it already happened, how could he escape his responsibility? So, he turned his already turned head back and looked at Su Rou’s so-called perfect body.Although that glance seemed insignificant, Chu Feng instantly reacted to it. It wasn’t that Chu Feng had uncontrollable lust, it was just in front of such a beautiful woman, those who were male would have a reaction. Not to mention that Chu Feng monopolized the sight in front of him.Su Rou didn’t pay attention to Chu Feng either. She wore her pink dudou in front of him and also her snow-white cheongsam. However, when she turned her head and saw an upright object, her expression couldn’t help but change as she coldly reprimanded,“My cultivation has already returned. If you dare to have any evil thoughts towards me, I will break you.”“I will take responsibility.” Chu Feng was not afraid and instead, he solemnly vowed.“I don’t need you to take responsibility, and I hope that you don’t spread this out. Also...don’t turn your back on little Mei.” Su Rou gnashed her teeth and said the last few words.“Don’t worry. I won’t betray little Mei, but I won’t betray you either. I will marry you two sisters.” Chu Feng said extremely seriously.“You...” After hearing Chu Feng’s words, Su Rou’s little face paled from anger and after that, she fiercely shot Chu Feng a glance and said, “You really are too greedy.”After saying those words, Su Rou quickly walked out of the bathroom. However, after turning the corner, she stopped and leaned against the wall. She muttered to herself, “Strange. Why am I so angry? What is that sour feeling in my heart?”