MGA: Chapter 10 – Failing to Honor a DebtAt that instant, the hall went into complete silence and all the gazes were cast towards Chu Yue.“Chu Yue, what did you say? You cannot speak such nonsense to testify.”As Chu Wei said that, his dense gaze was filled with implications of warning. His meaning was very clear and it was to make Chu Yue say the truth.“I am not speaking nonsense. That day, when Chu Zhen and Chu Feng made the bet, I was there and it was even Chu Zhen who let me be a witness.”After that, Chu Yue was not afraid of Chu Wei at all. She stood next to Chu Feng, as if hiddenly telling the crowd which side she was standing on.At that moment, not only Chu Zhen, even Chu Cheng, Chu Wei and most of the Chu family’s faces were starting to change.They never would have thought that Chu Yue would do this for Chu Feng and she was even willing to go against the entire Chu family crowd.In reality, even Chu Feng felt a bit surprised since by doing this, Chu Yue would offend a lot of people. But other than that, Chu Feng felt moved.“Chu Zhen, are you failing to honor your debt?” Chu Feng continued to pressure him. With Chu Yue as a witness, he did not believe that Chu Zhen would deny it.‘”I…” Chu Zhen’s face was extremely ugly and he did not know how to reply.Every year, the family only supplemented one Saint Spirit Grass. Other than the one, they did not have any other chances to get such a good spiritual medicine.He just got his supplemented Saint Spirit Grass and Chu Zhen was preparing to use it to make a breakthrough into the 4th level of the Spirit realm. How could he give it up to someone?“Hmph, so what if it’s true?”“You entered the Azure Dragon School at the same time as Chu Zhen. He already entered the inner court two years ago and you are a full two years late.”“What, after using that much time to enter the inner court, you’re still arrogant? You want to extort Chu Zhen’s supplement?” Chu Cheng coldly smiled and cunningly argued. As Chu Zhen’s elder brother, it was obvious that he wouldn’t let Chu Feng take away his brother’s supplement.“Don’t tell me that. Your brother should know what is happening.”“If you are failing to honor your debt, just admit it. I can forget about it. But you need him to personally admit that his words are like fart and they are absolutely untrustable.” Chu Feng did not let him go.“You…” With those words, Chu Zhen was really gnashing his teeth out of anger yet he could not refute him since it was true.“Haha! Jokes! Failing to honor a debt? Have I ever mentioned anything about that?”“You can have Chu Zhen’s Saint Spirit Grass, but you need to admit in front of the crowd that you are a useless garbage. An idiot that needed five years to enter the inner court.”“Everyone, am I correct?” Chu Cheng yelled loudly.“That’s right, Chu Cheng is right.”“That’s right, if you want to take the Saint Spirit Grass, you need to admit that you are garbage. As long as you admit it, then we’ll just give it as pity to a beggar.” Chu Cheng raised his hands and yelled, and naturally, everyone yelled in response.In the Chu family, excluding Chu Yuan, Chu Guyu and Chu Yue, pretty much no one liked Chu Feng and they all wanted him out of the Chu family.So no matter how excessive it was, as long as it was related to Chu Feng, they would support it. They all wanted Chu Feng to feel horrible.“Chu Cheng, don’t create trouble without a reason. This is a private matter between Chu Zhen and Chu Feng so all of you are not qualified to interrupt.” Chu Yue scolded.“We are not qualified, yet you are? You are the elder sister of Chu Zhen, but even so, you supported an outsider. Are you still even part of the Chu family?” Chu Cheng maliciously and fiercely refuted.“I only look at the case and not the person. In any case, Chu Feng is not an outsider. He is part of the Chu family.”“You clearly know whether or not he is part of the Chu family. However, I can tell you that Chu Zhen is your own brother.”“You don’t even bother to reason!” Chu Yue was so angered by Chu Cheng that her entire body was trembling.But just at that time, Chu Feng put his hands on Chu Yue shoulders, and moved her behind him.Although the current Chu Feng had the same smile as always on his face, his gaze became serious and he said calmly,“I will only ask you one question. Will you give this Saint Spirit Grass to me or no?”“Ho.. Chu Feng, don’t say that we are making things hard for you, but you really are not qualified to take Chu Zhen’s Saint Spirit Grass.”“How about this… I’ll give you a chance. Duel a bit with Chu Zhen. If you win, that shows that you are qualified to take away this Saint Spirit Grass.”“Chu Yue, don’t say that I’m not speaking reason. I’ll even take my own Saint Spirit Grass out. If Chu Feng can win, then these are all his.” While saying that, Chu Cheng put the Saint Spirit Grass from his pocket onto the table.Also at the same time, Chu Cheng shot a glance at Chu Zhen. Chu Zhen instantly understood and he also put his Saint Spirit Grass onto the table.“Chu Zhen, you’ve entered the inner court for two years, and you’ve also cultivated two skills.”“On the other hand, Chu Feng just entered the inner court. Don’t you feel ashamed dueling with him? You just aren’t willing to give it up.” Chu Yue still felt that it was unfair towards Chu Feng.“Shut up. You don’t have any part in this.” Chu Cheng threateningly pointed at Chu Yue, then narrowed his eyes and looked at Chu Feng,“But, if you lose, bring your Saint Spirit Grass out. Do you dare?”At that instant, all the eyes landed on Chu Feng and they were waiting for his reply.If Chu Feng refused, they could humiliate Chu Feng and say that he was a coward. If Chu Feng agreed, Chu Zhen could openly give Chu Feng a lesson.No matter what, Chu Feng was in a dangerous spot. They only wanted to see how Chu Feng would be humiliated.“Why wouldn’t I dare?” Chu Feng smiled and agreed.“Good, you have the guts. But let’s say this first. Fists and kicks don’t have eyes, so you cannot complain about any injuries.” Chu Cheng’s smile became even more despicable.“Enough with the rubbish. Come at me.” Chu Feng put his own Saint Spirit Grass on the table, then walked to the middle of the hall.“Chu Feng…” Chu Yue pulled on Chu Feng, and those flickering eyes were urging him not to duel with Chu Zhen.But Chu Feng pushed away Chu Yue’s hands with a smile and said, “Trust me.”Seeing that, Chu Yue couldn’t help but have a blank look. For some reason, she had a feeling that Chu Feng would undoubtedly win this round.Chu Feng and Chu Zhen walked towards the middle of the hall and everyone surrounded them. They didn’t want to miss out on Chu Feng’s humiliation.“Chu Feng, it seems that you want the riches but not your life.”The Chu Zhen that hadn’t spoke in a long time finally had a smile on his face, but his smile was very evil.Being forced into the embarrassing situation by Chu Feng made him very unhappy. Since he had a chance to teach Chu Feng a lesson, obviously, he wouldn’t restrain himself.“Hoho.” Chu Feng lightly smiled then said, “I just wanted to say those words to you.”“You talk too big. Today, I’ll let you know how weak you are.”Suddenly, Chu Zhen’s left feet stepped forward. One could only hear a boom before his entire body ran with flying speed.Both his arms were moving and his punches were flying everywhere. Powerful aura came from his body and he was like a wild Fierce Beast as he headed towards Chu Feng.