MGA: Chapter 22 – The Great Battle Between the Girl and the Monster“I’m…not imagining this am I?”Chu Feng was shocked to be able to feel where the spiritual grass was located at, and of course, Chu Feng knew what that meant.If that feeling was real, it meant that in the Spiritual Medicine Mountain, he was like a fish in water.*whoosh*Thinking to that point, Chu Feng did not hesitate and walked towards the direction in which he felt something from. He wanted to completely investigate it.As he got closer, Chu Feng got more happy because the movements of the Sky Spirit Grass in his brain was getting stronger and stronger, which more or less meant that his feeling was not an illusion.When Chu Feng passed another bush, he saw a red plant in front of him. It was the Sky Spirit Grass.The Sky Spirit Grass was quite a bit better than the Ground Spirit Grass. The red branches and trunk emitted a red glow and it looked like it was on fire. It seemed especially beautiful during the night.“Little thing, after toying around with me for a whole day, I’ll see if you can escape me this time.”As he saw the Sky Spirit Grass, Chu Feng did not stop and instantly rushed forward. He concentrated his spiritual energy at the bottom of his feet and his speed doubled in an instant. Within a blink, he arrived in front of the Sky Spirit Grass.*hmm* But, before Chu Feng even extended his hands, that Sky Spirit Grass disappeared and was not to be seen.“You want to run, but can you?”Seeing that the Sky Spirit Grass wanted to escape by invisibility, Chu Feng formed a cold smile on the corner of his mouth. He stepped forward, grabbed the air in front of him, and then, he heard a sharp cry. One Sky Spirit Grass was grasped within Chu Feng’s hands.When the Sky Spirit Grass was caught by Chu Feng, it instantly lost its invisibility and started to madly struggle. The power of it was several times stronger than the Ground Spirit Grass, but it was useless as it was in Chu Feng hands. At the end, it could only obediently lose its spiritual nature and become a half-inch red-coloured spiritual grass that laid in Chu Feng’s palm.“It seems that this is certainly not an illusion.”Chu Feng threw the Sky Spirit Grass into the bag and he was insanely happy in his heart. Although he didn’t know where the special sense came from, to Chu Feng, he could rely on it strongly.“Unless…”But with a thought, it was not hard for Chu Feng to think where the power came from. After all, it was formed after he entered the Thousand Bone Graveyard, and the target of the strange gas was the brain.Which meant it was logical even if it was the attack of the strange gas that made Chu Feng’s senses stronger.“Hehe, another thing dropped right at my doorstep. ”Just at that time, his eyes lit up once again. Another Sky Spirit Grass entered his detection range.Under such a strong detection power, virtually no Sky Spirit Grass was able to escape Chu Feng’s hands. Any escaping methods were wasted efforts.Chu Feng did not sleep for the entire night and when it was day, he already caught dozens of Sky Spirit Grasses. A harvest like that would certainly make people go crazy.If someone found out about it, even robbing Chu Feng was a possibility. After all, within the Spiritual Medicine Mountain, the number of battles and thievery between disciples were not few.However, Chu Feng’s detection power was not only limited to Sky Spirit Grasses. Even if a human entered a certain range, they would be detected by Chu Feng so almost no one could find traces of Chu Feng.Another day passed, and when the night arrived, Chu Feng’s bag was almost already full. This time, Chu Feng did not continue hunting and he found a hidden place to start refining the Sky Spirit Grasses.Chu Feng’s refining speed was top-class, and after only four hours, the bag that was full of Sky Spirit Grasses were completely refined by him.With that, his dantian also got more and more full. That made Chu Feng joyful, and although the Sky Spirit Grass was not comparable to the Saint Spirit Grass, if he had this amount every day to refine, he could breakthrough within ten days.From that day forth, Chu Feng spent all day in the middle-circle of the Spiritual Medicine Mountain and hunted Sky Spirit Grasses without restrain until deep into the night. He refined all the Sky Spirit Grasses that he hunted that day, then after resting for four hours, he continued to hunt insanely.It cycled like such, and after nine days from the time in which Chu Feng entered the Spiritual Medicine Mountain, he felt a great change in his dantian. The Nine Lightning Beasts changed once again, and Chu Feng finally broke through the 4th level of the Spirit realm into the 5th.“With this power, I should be able to battle against people that are on the 6th level of the Spirit realm.”Feeling the strength that was improving many times, Chu Feng was speechless himself. The him who had the Divine Lightning really had power that was way stronger than others.Especially his Three Thunder Styles. If he used it, even experts at the 6th level of the Spirit realm could not defeat him.Level crossing battles were already defying common sense. Although the geniuses who had extremely high talent could do it, those were geniuses. If those things happened on a person people knew, everyone would be shocked.After raising his power, Chu Feng went hunting for Sky spirit Grasses again. This time it was a lot easier. With merely half a day, he already filled up his bag. Since the bag of rations was almost empty, that bag also became Chu Feng’s tool for storing spiritual medicine.However, the current Chu Feng was not only thinking about Sky Spirit Grasses. He wanted to head towards the inner-circle and he wanted to check the Saint Spirit Grasses that were rumoured to be no weaker than a rank 6 Fierce Beast.“This aura…”But before entering the inner-circle for long, Chu Feng felt two types of auras and they were both extremely strong.The first one were the spiritual medicines. The densely filled, evil aura was obviously from the Saint Spirit Grasses that had spiritual natures. There were a lot of them, almost a hundred.The other aura was from a human. It was also extremely large, so it should be an expert of the 7th level of the Spirit realm.At that moment, the two auras were blended together. It was obvious that the person was having a great battle with the Saint Spirit Grasses. But that person’s aura was not stable so they must have entered a trap.“Who dared to challenge so many Saint Spirit Grasses by themself?”With a heart of curiosity, Chu Feng decided to observe the outcome. When he leaped over the layers of trees, he was stunned by the scene in a distance.A three meter tall huge plant, filled with purple thorns had its mouth open which was full of teeth. It was emitting an oppressing aura from its body and it didn’t even look like a Saint Spirit Grass. It looked more like a monster.However, rather than the scary Saint Spirit Grasses, Chu Feng’s gaze concentrated on the petite figure because that figure not only went through the formation of near a hundred Saint Spirit Grass, it was a beauty that matched her name.That elegant long hair, that delicate face, that snow-white skin, those eyes that were not fearful in front of danger and were instead unyielding deeply attracted Chu Feng.That girl was undoubtedly the most beautiful person Chu Feng ever saw. But the reason why Chu Feng was attracted to her was not only because of her appearance. It was also the power that she had at her age.“Careful below.”Suddenly, Chu Feng yelled loudly because he felt that a Saint Spirit Grass was hidden under the feet of the girl.“What?”The girl didn’t even notice Chu Feng, so after hearing such an unexpected yell surprised her. She subconsciously tapped the ground with both her feet and leaped into the air.In the instant that she left the ground, a huge Saint Spirit Grass drilled out from the ground with its fangs and claws bared.That unforeseen event created lingering fear in that girl. If it wasn’t for the reminder of that voice, she would have certainly had paid a huge cost. With gratitude in her heart, she cast her gaze towards Chu Feng.But when she saw Chu Feng, her delicate face instantly froze and she said with shock, “It’s you?!”