MGA: Chapter 66 – Cultivation Formation“Cultivation Formation, the place that core disciples cultivate martial skills?”Of course, Chu Feng had heard of the Cultivation Formation before. It was a cultivation treatment that only core disciples of the Azure Dragon School could enjoy. After entering it, pressure would increase by several times. But, no matter if it was cultivating martial skills or training the body and soul, a better effect would be gained.“That’s right. Right now, the Cultivation Formation is no longer only enjoyed by core disciples. The inner court disciples can as well. Today, the Cultivation Formation officially opens so we want to go to the Martial Skill Building to check it out and experience it.” Chu Yue smiled and said.“So there was something like that.” Chu Feng hidden rejoiced. He had the Imperial Sky Technique and he was fretting on where to cultivate it. But, he never would have thought that at this time, the Cultivation Formation would be opened to inner court disciples. It was just like it was prepared for him!The three of them walked together towards the Martial Skill Building. On the road, Chu Feng used his Spirit power and he discovered that Chu Yue was still stuck at the 4th level of the Spirit realm. She was still unable to break through into the 5th level.“Chu Yue, you still haven’t broke through?” Chu Feng asked.“Yeah, for some reason, I seem to be unable to break through. Perhaps my perception is not too great.” On that topic, Chu Yue’s face was a bit ugly.“Chu Yue, refine these and you will certainly be able to break through.” Chu Feng stuck his hand into the Cosmos Sack and took out two Spiritual Beads.“This…This is…” Seeing the Spiritual Beads in Chu Feng’s hands, Chu Yue and Chu Xue both widened their mouths and their eyes revealed surprise.Although it was the first time that they saw it, from the spiritual energy that rushed towards them, they guessed that it was likely the top-quality medicine, the Spiritual Bead.“These are Spiritual Beads. After swallowing, it gets converted into spiritual energy and it maximizes absorption.” Chu Feng held Chu Yue’s little hands and put the Spiritual Beads within them.“Chu Feng, this is too precious. I can’t take it.”“You’re only at the 6th level of the Spirit realm today so it still has uses for you. You should still keep it to yourself.”Chu Yue’s first reaction was to refuse it. She knew the price of Spiritual Beads. Naturally, she did not feel comfortable accepting such precious items, and it was even two beads.“If I give it to you, you should take it. I still have more and if you don’t take it then it means you look down on me.” Chu Feng forcefully stuffed the two Spiritual Beads into Chu Yue’s waist purse.“Chu Feng, this…”Chu Yue didn’t know what to do, but deep within her heart, she really wanted to accept it. Spiritual Beads! It would absolutely help her break through to the 5th level of the Spirit realm. There would even be a large amount of spiritual energy residue left in her body. It was way too helpful towards her cultivation. Not only that, there were even two beads.If it wasn’t for Chu Feng, she would really not know when she could enjoy the use of such things. At least her father never even used a Spiritual Bead in his life.“You could pay me back in the future if you wish.” Chu Feng was afraid that Chu Yue would have a burden in her heart so he started a joke.“Mm.” The Chu Yue who was usually lively nodded extremely seriously.Facing Chu Yue like that, Chu Feng was a bit helpless. But, it was understandable because if other people gave him things that were too precious, he would have burdens in his heart as well.But just at that time, Chu Feng discovered that Chu Xue’s face was a bit off. The girl was pursing her lips and her big eyes were restlessly flickering. That expression was called admiration with one word, high admiration with two words, very extreme admiration with three words… Anyway, it could be said that she was broken by admiration towards Chu Yue.“Chu Xue, it has been so many years. As your elder brother, I haven’t really given you much, so take this Spiritual Bead as your first present from your brother.” Chu Feng took out another Spiritual Bead and gave it to Chu Xue.“This…”“Enough of this and that, I give it to you so take it or else you would be looking down on me.”“Chu Feng, thank you.”Chu Xue happily took the Spiritual Bead as if she was crazy and a smile opened on her white face. After lovingly holding it for a while, she took out a handkerchief and covered it before carefully putting it in her waist purse.“Chu Feng, your sack seems pretty special, is it…” Just at that time, Chu Yue suddenly discovered that the thing on Chu Feng’s waist was a bit special.“Ha, this is the Cosmos Sack given to me by Su Mei.” Chu Feng chuckled and walked in front.As for Chu Yue and Chu Xue, they were blankly staring while standing where they were. Surprise was filled on their faces, and looking at the young man in front of them, they started to have the same feelings.It was that they felt that the distance between them and Chu Feng became farther and farther apart. Although Chu Feng treated them better and better, their position and status were no longer on the same level and it was as if they were people from two different worlds.The three of them chatted and laughed along the road and they quickly arrived at the Martial Skill Building. Only then did they find out that it was already overcrowded outside of the building. There were layers after layers of people surrounding the building.Chu Feng lead the way and pushed aside the crowd with Chu Yue and Chu Xue. That stirred up a lot of grumbles, but when they turned around and saw the Wings Alliance badge on Chu Feng’s chest, no one dared to even say half a word of complaint and they even took the initiative to make way for Chu Feng.After passing through the walls of people, Chu Feng finally knew what they were observing.At the entrance of the Martial Skill Building, there was an extra tall stone stage. On top of the stone stage was an elder, and behind the elder was a strange house.The house was very special yet strange. It was entirely dark green like a jade, but the strange thing was that it could block Chu Feng’s Spirit power. So, that would certainly be the so-called Cultivation Formation.After hearing the discussions from the people around him, Chu Feng understood it a bit more. There was only one Cultivation Formation and every time only one person could be in there. If they wanted to cultivate within the formation, they must pay a Saint Spirit Grass.Because of such an expensive price, there was not a single person that was willing to go within the many people in the observing crowd.After all, for many people, one Saint Spirit Grass was already a huge price. There was pretty much no one that was willing to give it for a chance to cultivate. But, to Chu Feng, it couldn’t be any better.“Move, move.” But just as Chu Feng walked near the stage, yells came from the crowd behind him.Turning his head to look, he saw a group of people entering. It was the people from the Sword Alliance and Jian Chen who had past conflicts with Chu Feng was also within them. But, the person that attracted Chu Feng’s gaze the most was the large young person next to Jian Chen.That person had an extremely similar appearance to Jian Chen. But, the aura on his body already reached the 9th level of the Spirit realm. Strength like that wasn’t even reached by many core disciples.When he saw people looking at him with fear and respect, Chu Feng didn’t even need to think to know who he was. Without a doubt, he was Jian Chen’s elder brother, the master of the Sword Alliance, Jian Fengyi.“It’s you!” Just at that time, Jian Chen also recognized Chu Feng.“You know him?” Jian Fengyi tilted his head and asked.“Brother, he’s the person that attacked me that day.” Jian Chen started to angrily bellow.“Oh?” Hearing those words, Jian Fengyi cast his gaze again towards Chu Feng. But, at that moment, there was already dense killing intent with in his gaze.