MGA: Chapter 11 – Self Ridicule“Rank 1 skill, the Hundred-Armed Fists reached the point of mastery!”Cries of surprise sounded in the hall and everyone could see that Chu Zhen was able to fully use that skill.Although the Hundred-Armed Fists was only a rank 1 skill, if it was mastered, it would be very strong as well.If they were on the same level and if there wasn’t an appropriate skill to counter it, he would have no chance. That was why everyone knew that Chu Feng, without a doubt, would lose.Chu Yue frowned and secretly walked 2 steps forward. She wanted to stop Chu Zhen’s evil schemes.“Chu Yue, observers cannot help. You should know this rule right?”But just at that time, she heard a sound next to her ear. She turned around and she saw that Chu Cheng was smiling and staring at herself.Chu Yue knew that the situation was not good since she never thought that Chu Cheng would have his eyes on her.However, because of that, it meant that the two brothers would not easily let Chu Feng go and that made her even more worried.*whoosh whoosh whoosh*The afterimages of the fists filled the air and almost completely blocked Chu Feng’s line of sight. With the sound of breaking through the air, he suddenly attacked.Chu Feng could feel that Chu Zhen’s fist was not ordinary and he did not restrain himself in any way. It showed that he was very ruthless.But Chu Feng was not afraid at all and he stood still. He did not dodge nor escape, and he only silently waited for the attack.“Is this Chu Feng stupid? Why isn’t he dodging?”“He wants to dodge, but could he? With his power, he probably can’t react in time.”“That’s true. He is, after all, the trash that stayed in the outer court for five years.”Seeing that Chu Feng did not dodge, they even thought that Chu Feng was scared stiff by Chu Zhen’s might and their faces revealed the smiles of seeing others in misfortune.*huu*But just as Chu Zhen got near, Chu Feng suddenly waved his sleeve and an extremely huge aura exploded from inside his body.When that aura pounced at Chu Zhen, he was suddenly at a loss because within that aura, he felt killing intent.*whoosh*Just as Chu Zhen was staring blankly, Chu Feng suddenly stuck his palm out. The speed was extremely fast, and before anyone reacted to it, he already blasted it onto Chu Zhen’s chest.*boom* With the strike of the palm, Chu Zhen instantly felt that his Qi and blood were raging as a wave of pain came from his chest.*swoosh swoosh swoosh* But before he even had time to think, Chu Feng already sent a few more palms and they all struck Chu Zhen.“Ahh!” Chu Zhen cried out loud. Both his legs went numb and he directly kneeled in front of Chu Feng, then fell on the ground without power.“This…”The scene widened everyone’s mouth. They would have never thought that Chu Feng would have such an explosive power!However, they didn’t even know that it was the result of Chu Feng restraining himself. Or else, with only one palm, he could have killed Chu Zhen.“You are at the 4th level of the Spirit realm?” At that time, Chu Wei opened his mouth. Both his eyes tightly stared at Chu Feng and they were filled with astonishment.“What? 4th level of the Spirit realm?”With those words, everyone came to their senses. To beat someone at the 3rd level of the Spirit realm without using martial skills meant that they required the power of the 4th level of the Spirit realm.However, trying to connect “4th level of the Spirit realm” with Chu Feng was unimaginable and it was hard to accept by the crowd.Not only them, even Chu Yue had her eyes wide open. Her small mouth slowly opened and her face was full of surprise.Chu Feng didn’t care about the crowd. He directly walked in front of the table, took the three Saint Spirit Grasses, and walked towards the door.“Stop right there. This is an exchange between family members, yet you attacked so heavily. Where is your heart?” Just at that time, someone suddenly yelled out.Looking over, Chu Cheng was holding Chu Zhen by the arm and lifting him up while his face was full of anger. It was not endurable when his younger brother got beaten up by someone to this extent.“What? When did you see me as part of the your family? I don’t recall you saying that before?” Chu Feng lightly smiled then said, “Even you said it. Fists and kicks don’t have eyes, so you cannot complain about any injuries. What are you doing right now? You can’t take the loss?”“I can’t take the loss? It’s obvious that you intentionally heavily attacked.” Chu Zhen bit his teeth to endure the pain and loudly lashed out. As the victim, he was very clear that Chu Feng’s first palm already defeated him. But Chu Feng continued to bombard him with more attacks so it was obvious that it was intentional and he wanted to humiliate him even more.As he listened to that, Chu Feng smiled again, “I just entered the 4th level of the Spirit realm so I don’t understand my strength that much.”“And before, your skill seemed so strong, so naturally I didn’t dare to underestimate it and I used my full strength to answer your attack.”“But who would have thought that you were just like a paper tiger, so weak that you couldn’t even take one hit. I overestimated you a bit.”“You…” After listening to Chu Feng’s words, Chu Zhen’s face was pale. He was so angry that every breath he was taking made huge sounds and he almost spit out his own liver out from all the puffing.Not only was he defeated by the “garbage”, he was even mocked in front of the crowd. It was extremely hard for him to accept that.But, even if he wasn’t willing to, he could say nothing about it because the rules just now were made by him and his brother.“Chu Feng, don’t be too arrogant. If you have the guts then let’s go right now.” Just at that time, another person from the Chu family stood up.“Oh? You want to duel me as well? That’s fine. Just bet a Saint Spirit Grass. Do you dare?” Chu Feng stretched his hand towards that person.“You…”That person was the same as Chu Zhen, as he also entered the Azure Dragon School at the same time as Chu Feng. However, his strength was not strong as Chu Zhen.He did dare to duel Chu Feng, but he did not dare if he had to bet the Saint Spirit Grass.“What’s wrong? If there’s anyone else who wants to go, you can come right now as long as you don’t mind parting with your Saint Spirit Grass.”Chu Feng scanned his gaze at the crowd, but not one of them dared to look at him in the eyes. They were not afraid of Chu Feng, they just didn’t dare to take the Saint Spirit Grass as a wager because those were their lifeline.“Chu Feng, don’t be excessive.” Finally, Chu Wei talked.“What’s this? Chu Wei, you also want to go? If I’m not mistaken, you are five years older than me right?”“If you don’t mind people saying that you are bullying the young, I don’t mind. After all, if I lose, I won’t lose face, and if I win I’ll earn big, right?”As he listened to those words, Chu Wei clenched his fists, but he said nothing more.It was because Chu Feng was correct. Chu Wei was not like Chu Cheng or Chu Zhen since there was not much of an age difference between them and Chu Feng.However, Chu Wei couldn’t because he was not a youth anymore. With his age, even if he defeated Chu Feng, he would be ridiculed by others, so that was why he could not attack.Seeing that most of the people in the hall lowered their heads, Chu Feng suddenly laughed. He laughed very happily, but before turning around and leaving, he said,“I’ll give everyone here a two phrases before I leave. The first is “thinking that you are infallible”, the second is “self ridicule”. As for the meanings behind them, all of you can comprehend them by yourselves.” After saying that, Chu Feng forced a door open and left elegantly.At that instant, the atmosphere in the residence became very awkward. Originally, the Chu family wanted Chu Feng to be humiliated, but now, they got humiliated by Chu Feng in front of several outsiders instead. That really made them feel that they had no more face.But the most unacceptable thing was Chu Feng’s strength. Originally, they thought that Chu Feng was the garbage of the Chu family. But now, Chu Feng was at the 4th level of the Spirit realm and he surpassed many people. That made them feel a lot of shame.Chu Feng walked out of the residence and he felt refreshed in his heart. Pretty much from his younger times until now, he was bullied by those people, and finally, he bullied them back today.Actually, that wasn’t bullying. Chu Feng was only forced by them. But no matter what, Chu Feng felt extremely refreshed.“Chu Feng.” Before Chu Feng even walked far, a sweet call came from behind him, and it was Chu Yue.