MGA: Chapter 17 – AcquaintancesThe Spiritual Medicine Mountain was a forbidden land. The entire mountain had layers of seals.Unless one had flying abilities, they could only enter the Spiritual Medicine Mountain from the entrance.There were eight entrances in the Spiritual Medicine Mountain and all eight entrances had elders guarding there. Only at the time of the Spiritual Medicine Hunt would they be opened.At that instant, all eight entrances opened. The inner court disciples who had a token could enter and almost a hundred thousand disciples came in from all directions.“This Spiritual Medicine Mountain is quite the mysterious place.”Chu Feng wandered around in the Spiritual Medicine Mountain. His gaze was attracted to the huge, sky covering trees and the dense bushes.It was the first time that he saw such beautiful plants. Even the fragrances of the flowers were very dense and the otherworldly scene intoxicated him.“Ground Spirit Grass?” Suddenly, Chu Feng saw a strange plant.It had a height of five inches with four leaves, entirely green, and it was covered with faint light. It was the low-rank Ground Spirit Grass.*puu* But before even getting close, the Ground Spirit Grass contracted and prepared to escape.*whoosh*Seeing that, Chu Feng suddenly leaped, but he was one step too slow. The Ground Spirit Grass already burrowed into the ground when he arrived.“These things really do have a spiritual nature.” Chu Feng dryly laughed, but he was not impatient. He scanned around with his gaze.He knew that the Ground Spirit Grass could escape underground, but after a certain distance they must return to the surface, and the escaping direction was usually straight.So, Chu Feng felt that as long as he confirmed the escaping tracks of the Ground Spirit Grass, it was not difficult to catch them with his speed.*whoosh*Just at that time, a light flashed, and a Ground Spirit Grass came out of the ground. It was obviously the same one that just escaped.But just as the Ground Spirit Grass revealed itself, it suddenly burrowed back into the ground and continued escaping.Chu Feng rejoiced, and he strided over several steps, then leaped into the air like a sly rabbit. His hands formed into an eagle’s claw, and he grabbed at the empty space in front of him.*whoosh* Just as Chu Feng predicted, as he landed on the ground, the Ground Spirit Grass came out from the ground again.But this time, Chu Feng was faster than it. He did not give any chance for it to escape. Chu Feng’s big hands tightly grabbed onto its branches and pulled it out of the ground.*jijiji*When the Ground Spirit Grass disconnected from the ground, it started making ear-piercing noises and a wave of strong struggling power kept on coming from it.But that struggle only lasted for a short while before it got weaker and weaker. At the end, the Ground Spirit Grass’s glow flashed, then it started to decrease in size. At the end, it was almost as big as a finger.“This thing is really quite strange.”When the spiritual medicine left the soil it would lose its spiritual nature, and the spiritual medicine that had no spiritual nature would have a very small body.But those were only rumours. When a Ground Spirit Grass which was five inches long changed into not even half an inch long, anyone would feel surprise when they saw that in front of their face.*hmm*After taking care of the Ground Spirit Grass, Chu Feng layered his hands and did a hand seal. Strong absorbing power surged from his dantian, and within a blink, it completely refined the Ground Spirit Grass that was in his palm.“Hehe, these things aren't even enough for you to fill the crack in your teeth.”Chu Feng bitterly smiled. The Ground Spirit Grass was only a low-rank spiritual medicine and the spiritual energy inside it was several times worse than the Saint Spirit Grass. He would need quite a terrifying amount if he relied on it to feed the Divine Lightning.As it couldn’t be helped, Chu Feng continued wandering and went straight into the deep parts of the mountain forest.The Spiritual Medicine Mountain was divided into the inner-circle, middle-circle, and outer-circle.The outer-circle had the low quality spiritual medicines, the middle-circle had the medium quality spiritual medicines, and the inner-circle had the high quality spiritual medicines.Chu Feng was more familiar with the high quality spiritual medicine: Saint Spirit Grass. But he also knew that the Saint Spirit Grasses were not kind when they still had their spiritual nature.Not only did they escape when they saw people, they even had extremely strong attack power. According to rumours, one Saint Spirit Grass was comparable to a rank 6 Fierce Beast. It also meant that without being in the 6th level of the Spirit realm, you would not be able to defeat it.That was why the inner-circle was viewed as a forbidden area and very few people dared to enter it. Chu Feng also didn’t plan to hunt those scary guys, so his goal was the middle-circle.The medium quality spiritual medicine was the Sky Spirit Grass. According to legends, it could stick to and quickly run across the ground. It even had the ability to become invisible so it was very hard to catch. But, luckily, it didn’t have any killing power.Although the spiritual energy that it contained was incomparable to the Saint Spirit Grass, it was still far away from the Ground Spirit Grass. So that was why catching it was Chu Feng’s best goal for this time.He kept on going, and all the Ground Spirit Grasses that Chu Feng saw along the road were not able to escape his demonic grasp and they were even refined at the scene.When it was noon, he finally reached the middle-circle and he quickly found one Sky Spirit Grass.However, the Sky Spirit Grass was very impressive. Not only could it change its route of escape, it really did have the ability to become invisible.Although the invisibility only lasted for a short while, Chu Feng always suffered when it did.Straight until the sun started setting in the west, Chu Feng saw at least a dozen of Sky Spirit Grasses, but he didn’t even catch one.“I do not believe that I will lose to a medium quality spiritual medicine.”Although Chu Feng was still vigorous even after running for the entire day, he was helpless when his stomach started drumming so he could only stop to fill himself up.As he ate the rations, he did not forget about his ridicule by the Sky Spirit Grasses, and he swore to catch the Sky Spirit Grass and to refine them.“Like I said, don’t come to the middle-circle. These Sky Spirit Grass aren’t something that we can catch.”“Miss, no need to rush. I’ve already slowly grasped onto the escaping patterns of the Sky Spirit Grass. Give me one more day and I’ll guarantee that we can catch it.”“One day? In one day, how many Ground Spirit Grasses can we catch in the outer-circle? You are simply wasting our time.”Just at that time, broken words came from the forest and Chu Feng could feel that at least ten people were coming close.“Heh, it looks I’m not the only one who’s suffering.”Chu Feng chuckled, but didn’t even raise his head to look and ate the rations in his hands with huge bites.“Miss look, that seems to be Chu Feng.” But when a surprised, yet also full of mock voice sounded, Chu Feng knew that he met a damn acquaintance.He raised his and looked. Ten silhouettes were staring at him and all of them were familiar faces.The young female that was leading was called Chu Xue. She was one year younger than Chu Feng, and she could be said to be Chu Feng’s cousin.Although Chu Xue was not as sweet and beautiful as Chu Yue, she still had a few points of looks. Especially her snow-white skin which matched her name.But she was the same as Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen. She didn’t like Chu Feng from when they were young and she belonged to the enemy force.Behind Chu Xue were nine people. Although they had the surname of “Chu”, strictly saying, they weren’t part of the Chu family.They were the servants of the Chu family, but because their parents had some status in the Chu family, they entered the Azure Dragon School at the same time. But the funny thing was even those people looked down at Chu Feng.“Oh! It’s you Chu Feng.”The repulsive voice sounded again and it turned out that the person who spoke was a tall and skinny youth that stood next to Chu Xue.Chu Feng also recognized that person. He was called Chu Gao, and from when he was young, he liked to stick next to Chu Xue. He was Chu Xue’s shadow.The thing worth mentioning was that although Chu Gao had the status of a servant, his talent wasn’t bad and he entered the Azure Dragon School at the same time as Chu Yue, and he was also level 4 in the Spirit realm as well.In Chu Xue’s group, Chu Gao’s strength was decent, so it was obvious that he was the main power in this group.But that guy was not reliable. Seeing as he brought Chu Xue and the others into the middle-circle, one could tell that he was a person who bit off more than he could chew.