MGA: Chapter 23 – Not One in Ten Thousand“You know me?”Chu Feng carefully evaluated that beautiful girl and after looking up and down three times, he found out that not only was the girl beautiful, she was also very young, obviously being younger than him.Also, there was a badge on the chest of the girl that showed that she was a member of the Wings Alliance. Although that girl shocked Chu Feng, he really did not recognise the girl.“Who knows you? Hurry up and leave, this isn’t a place where you can come.” The girl glanced at Chu Feng, then continued to throw herself into the huge battle against the Saint Spirit Grasses and it seemed that she was extremely angry at Chu Feng.Although Chu Feng did not know why the girl was so angry, Chu Feng already knew that the girl was surrounded by the Saint Spirit Grasses. She wanted to escape, but she did not have that chance.If that continued, the girl would not able to continue because of her physical strength and she would die there.As a man, how could Chu Feng let such a beautiful girl be eaten by those monsters? He could not ignore something like that.So, while thinking about that, Chu Feng jumped in without hesitation. But just as he entered, he regretted it a bit. A large amount of monsters felt his presence and started attacking straight at him.“It seems that I have to go all out.”Life was hung by a thread, so Chu Feng didn’t hold back anymore. The spiritual energy in his dantian started to move and it went along the veins. The top of his toes touched the ground, and with a boom, his entire body leaped into the air like lightning.As he was landing, Chu Feng suddenly started spinning. A whirlwind started to rise, and his entire body was like a human blade as it fiercely thrust into the hundred of flowers underneath.*bang*As he was landing, the flowers scattered. The moment he landed, the ground formed a deep hole with cracks all around it. One Saint Spirit Grass was killed on scene by Chu Feng and became as big as his finger.He displayed the first two styles of the Three Thunder Styles, yet he only killed one Saint Spirit Grass. That was unexpected to Chu Feng. After all, it was his strongest trump card.He thought that with those attacks, “the sky would be frightened and the ground would sob” and a large number of Saint Spirit Grasses would die under his feet. But the result in his eyes had too much of a difference from his imagination.However, Chu Feng didn’t think too much about that. Almost at the same time that he landed, he suddenly jumped up again because he felt that there were at least three Saint Spirit grasses that attacked from behind.“Do you want to die?”Feeling the change in the Saint Spirit Grass’s attack formation and the wailing sounds from nearby, the girl knew that Chu Feng jumped in.But when she cast her gaze towards Chu Feng’s direction, she couldn’t help but be astonished. No matter what she thought, she never would have guessed that Chu Feng could come and go as he wished within the army of Saint Spirit Grasses that even she was fearful of.Even without seeing the attacks of the Saint Spirit Grass, he could still accurately dodge and attack. Although she did not recognize the skills that Chu Feng used, she could still tell from the power that it was at least a rank 4 skill.“This guy. He just entered the 5th level of the Spirit realm and he can already use rank 4 skills?” The girl was deeply attracted towards Chu Feng’s performance.“Careful on the left!” Just as the girl was in a daze, Chu Feng suddenly yelled.Hearing that, the girl was suddenly alarmed and quickly turned her body. With one palm, she grabbed her left and grabbed onto the thorny vine.After grabbing on the vines, the girl clenched with her fist and broke the vines into pieces. Another palm swept out like a blade, and with a cold flash, she chopped the Saint Spirit Grass into two. It wasn’t even like a palm. It was more like a iron blade.After accurately chopping the Saint Spirit Grass, the girl was even more shocked. Chu Feng was clearly facing her with his back, so how could he see that there was a Saint Spirit Grass attacking on his left? Unless…*whoosh*Just at that time, Chu Feng brushed next to the girl like lightning. At that moment, he was covered with sweat, and bloodstains also appeared on his clothes.The Saint Spirit Grasses were too strong and there were too many of them. Although Chu Feng had the strong detection power and his incomparably strong Three Thunder Styles, the him who was in the 5th level of the Spirit realm was a bit weak towards them.“Oi. If you want to get out alive, listen to my instructions.” Chu Feng said to the girl.“You want me to listen to you? In your dreams!” The girl was extremely displeased.“Say, are you even making sense? I came in here to save you, and this is how you treat me?”“Also, didn’t you notice that these Saint Spirit Grasses are a bit strange? They don’t attack blindly and they have a strict coordination. If you’re going to go head on with them, you will only get tired.”“Rubbish. That’s obvious. I already knew that.”Although she said that on the surface, in her heart she just understood that. If it wasn’t for Chu Feng’s reminder, she really wouldn’t have noticed that.With her strength, killing Saint Spirit Grasses was not hard. But it was obvious that she was helpless against this crowd of Saint Spirit Grasses. There were very small chances of a straight-up confrontation and she always needed to dodge the attacks from them.“It's fine if you don’t want to listen since I can leave this place alive.” Chu Feng coldly snorted and prepared to leave.“Oi, don’t…” Seeing that Chu Feng was leaving, that terrified the girl. She already saw Chu Feng’s ability, so she had no doubts that Chu Feng could successfully escape. However, she could not, so she immediately said, “I’ll listen to you.”“Heh.” Seeing the cute obeying look of the girl, Chu Feng chuckled then said, “That’s better.”Seeing Chu Feng so proud of himself made the girl’s mouth twitch. Although her strength was above Chu Feng, she knew that if she wanted to escape, she needed to rely on Chu Feng.The two of them tried their best to coordinate, and under Chu Feng’s command, the strength of the girl was truly exhibited. The near a hundred Saint Spirit Grasses were completely annihilated by the two people with only an hour.After the huge battle, Chu Feng started cleaning up the battle field. Of course he had his part in the Saint Spirit Grass that filled the ground. Although the main force was the girl, he was the main brains.“Did this guy train in the Mysterious Techniques?” Seeing the Chu Feng that was happily picking up the Saint Spirit Grasses, the coarsely breathing girl who was sitting on the side started muttering.At first, for self protection, Chu Feng was continuously using rank 4 skills. Although rank 4 skills were strong, they consumed a lot of spiritual energy. Most people could only use it a few times before they exhausted their spiritual energy.However, after using it for so long, Chu Feng didn’t even have any feeling of exhaustion. In addition, being able to use his 5th level of the Spirit realm power to defeat the Saint Spirit Grass that was equivalent to a rank 6 Fierce Beast indicated a problem. It was that Chu Feng might have trained in the Mysterious Techniques.Mysterious Techniques. They were mysterious techniques. Cultivators were able to gather more spiritual energy, refine spiritual medicine quicker, causing the spiritual energy in the dantian to be more rich and the battle abilities were several times stronger than normal people.But there were very little Mysterious Techniques, and even the Azure Dragon School only had a few. They were only provided to the core disciples for cultivation and inner court disciples had no way of even touching them.Chu Feng being able to cultivate in the precious Mysterious Techniques naturally made the girl see Chu Feng in another light. However, she didn’t know the reason why Chu Feng’s spiritual energy was so strong wasn’t because of some Mysterious Technique. It was because of the Divine Lightning in his dantian.“It seems that not only is your Spirit Power impressive, you have plenty of spiritual energy as well.” The girl stood up and walked over to Chu Feng with both of her hands behind her back.“What Spirit Power?” Chu Feng stared blankly.“Still playing dumb? If you didn’t have the Spirit Power, how could you clearly see the attack of the Saint Spirit Grasses?” The girl looked blankly back at Chu Feng.“You’re talking about my detection power?” Chu Feng was startled as he knew what the girl meant.“Detection power? My Gods, you called the Spirit Power the ‘detection power’? You really are a bumpkin.” The girl’s gaze towards Chu Feng became more and more disdainful.“It’s normal to not know. Would you know if you were male or female when you were born?” Chu Feng coldly snorted and continued to pick up the Saint Spirit Grasses all around them.“Oh? Your temper is quite short.” The girl sweetly smiled, caught up to him then chuckled, “Did you know that not even one person out of ten thousand have this Spirit Power?”