MGA: Chapter 90 – Spirit Realm Battling Origin RealmThe current Chu Feng was like a person of blood. He was covered with blood all over his body but not a single drop of it was his. All of them were the blood of his enemies.The bloody Chu Feng stood there and he appeared more or less scary. His pair of sharp eyes were as if they were dyed with blood. His eye truly turned red from all the killing.“What a conceited brat. If I don’t skin you alive today, I am not worthy of being the Xu family’s master.”Although Chu Feng already displayed something that would shock the world, the master of the Xu family already lost his reason from rage and he did not care about that.The air around his body were already twisting and layers of Origin power continuously surged out from within his body. The strong pressure became a formless hurricane as it engulfed everything around him. If it wasn’t for Chu Feng’s resistance, the Chu family crowd would have been even more heavily injured by the pressure.As for the master of the Wang and Ma family, they were doing the same. Their heart was extremely painful as they saw their family die and fall one after the other in front of them.Especially when their family were killed by decapitation. A complete corpse was not even remained. How could they endure that?“Chu Feng, leave your life here!”The master of the Wang family attacked first. He clawed the air in front of him with his big hand and his Origin power flooded out. It formed into a transparent huge hand that was 2 meters tall and fiercely clawed towards Chu Feng.That attack was not small. Although it was only a rank 3 martial skill, when it was used by an expert of the Origin realm who restructured it with Origin power, the might increased by dozens of times.“Hmph.”But even if it was such a terrifying attack, Chu Feng’s expression was unchanged as it was fearless. Operating the Mysterious Technique, he raised his hand and sent an Illusionary Palm to forcefully smash away the martial skill from the master of the Wang family.*ta ta ta…*However, Chu Feng underestimated the experts of the Origin realm. Even though he blocked the martial skill of the Wang family master, the tyrannical Origin power still forced Chu Feng a few steps back.“Boy, let’s see if you can take my Stone Fists.”Seeing that Chu Feng got pushed back, the 3 family masters rejoiced. The Ma family master quickly attacked and several fists struck out. The fists from condensed Origin power were like huge boulders as they emerged while hiding the sky and covering the ground.His attacks were not only directed towards Chu Feng himself. They were also directed at the Chu family who were behind Chu Feng as he wanted to quickly kill them all.Without saying anything, Chu Feng’s legs slightly moved into a horse riding stance and the robe on his body started to move without any wind. Within his eyes, two rays of lightning suddenly appeared.*bzz*Countless thick lighting were like rolling lightning snakes. They appeared from Chu Feng’s body, intertwined, and surged forward. They formed a dense wall of lightning that did not let any wind pass. It completely held back the fist formed from the condensation of Origin power.“Haa!”After taking the attack, Chu Feng angrily yelled out. The snakes of lightning abandoned defence and started to attack. The lightning dragons that were as if they were furious made an ear-piercing roar. The dazzling lightning split and attacked the three family masters.“This power, this form, it’s a rank 5 skill. This boy can use a rank 5 skill.”The expressions of the three family masters changed greatly. No matter what, they never would have thought that Chu Feng could already use a rank 5 skill. If it was said that they could only yearn for rank 4 skills, they could only extravagantly hope for rank 5 skills.After all, only core disciples could cultivate in rank 4 martial skills. As for rank 5 martial skills, even if they could cultivate it, one needed extremely strong comprehension power to succeed in training in it.Even if they were at the Origin realm and they got a rank 5 martial skill, they might not even be able to control it so proficiently. Besides, they did not even have any chances to cultivate rank 5 martial skills.So, at that moment, when they saw the display of Chu Feng’s 3rd Thunder Style, they were both surprised and angry. Surprised that he could use a rank 5 skill at that age, angry because of jealousy.They had lived for half a generation yet they did not even have the chance to cultivate rank 4 martial skills. Yet, Chu Feng could cultivate rank 5 martial skills at that age. It made them feel the unfairness.However, where did fair come from in the world? The world was a survival of the fittest. An era when one ate another.“Haa!”As they were shocked, the three family masters did not dare to be slow. They all fully used their own martial skills that they were skilled in to defend against Chu Feng’s attack. Even though the ranks of their martial skills were far weaker than Chu Feng’s rank 5 martial skill, their foundation, the Origin power, compensated for that.*rumble rumble rumble*Waves of explosive rumbling stirred up waves of energy ripples. Within the Origin power came lightning that engulfed the middle of the courtyard. The stone fragments on the ground swirled in the air. The buildings around shattered. Even the Chu family members that retreated were forced even further away by the waves.“So strong. Feng'er can fight against three experts of the 1st level of the Origin realm while only being at the 7th level of the Spirit realm.”The current Chu Yuanba was as if he forgot about his own injuries. His eyes did not even look away as he stared at the battle between Chu Feng and the three family masters. He had never seen nor heard a person that did not lose when the difference was an entire realm.“Chu Feng is really strong.”Other than Chu Yuanba, the other Chu family members were also focusing their attention on the battle. However, while looking at the shocking battle and the destructive attacks, other than shock, they had another complicated emotion.Within the entire Chu family, including Chu Yuanba and Chu Yuan, not a single person thought that at the time of the Chu family’s calamity, the one who would stand in front of them would be this young man.Looked down upon when he was young. Insulted when he was young. Bullied when he was young. Discriminated against when he was young.But even if it was even more impossible to think, the person who was standing in front of them was that young man. He threw away his own opinion of them, threw away the humiliation he suffered before, and at that moment, he was using his life to protect the entire family.When the survival of a family landed into a person’s hands, that wasn’t much because every family would have a person like that. The backbone of their soul.However, when the survival of a family landed into the young man’s hands who had been disdainfully looked upon by countless people, that was the real shocking scene. The scene was enough to shake the deepest areas in their hearts.“Good luck Chu Feng!”No matter if they were willing to or not, at that moment, those words were yelled in every single heart of the Chu family members. In front of them, the survival of the Chu family was truly within Chu Feng’s hands.