MGA: Chapter 189 - Madly OppressiveMany people did not expect the sudden scene. Although the Jie Clan members wanted to force the people from the World Spirit Guild to remain on that floor, they never thought about heavily injuring them. After all, it was the territory of the World Spirit Guild.But when they saw the heavily injured person, their faces changed greatly because that wasn’t a person from the World Spirit Guild. It was a Jie Clan member.“What is this?!”That scene made the Jie Clan members endlessly shocked. Even Maqiang and the others from the World Spirit Guild were dumbfounded and they couldn’t understand what happened instantly.“You are correct. Today, no one can save any of you!” Just at that time, a faint laughing sound suddenly rang out.Looking over, they were greatly shocked once again. Chu Feng already walked into their battle circle and he was even rubbing his hands while being eager for battle.“Chu Feng bro, you attacked just now?”Maqiang stared at Chu Feng with astonishment because the Jiesh Clan member who fell on the ground, was heavily injured, and lost consciousness was at the 5th level of the Origin realm. However, everyone could feel that Chu Feng was at the 1st level of the Origin realm.“Maqiang bro, I have some past history with the Jie Clan so how about letting me take care of them?” Chu Feng smiled.“You...You want to take care of all of them by yourself?” Another young female from the World Spirit Guild opened her mouth with shock.“They are just a group of mediocre people. I, Chu Feng, am sufficient against them. You can just rest on the side.” Chu Feng smiled and waved his hand towards Maqiang.“Quite some words you have there.” After hearing Chu Feng’s words, a Jie Clan member was furious and as he spoke, he was going to attack Chu Feng.But before he even attacked, a big hand stopped him. It was Jie Chuan. Although Jie Chuan could be said to be abnormally fierce when he attacked Maqiang and the others, at that instant, when he looked at Chu Feng, he only had smiles on his face and he was very friendly.“Chu Feng bro, these are personal grudges between my Jie Clan and the World Spirit Guild. I wonder if you can not interfere in this matter?” Jie Chuan smiled and said to Chu Feng.“I can ignore your grudges, but I need to clear our grudges right?” While Chu Feng spoke, he shot a glance at Jie Heng and also at the two people who helped Jie Heng.“Our grudges?” Jie Chuan was clearly confused, but he quickly responded as he loudly bellowed at Jie Heng, Jie Gang, and the other Jie Clan member, “You bastards! Did you do something to Chu Feng bro?!”“I...” Jie Heng lowered his head and did not speak. It could be seen that he was afraid of Jie Chuan. In reality, when Jie Chuan spoke, the other Jie Clan members did not dare to offend him as well. It could be seen that Jie Chuan had quite a position within the Jie Clan.“Whatever, no need to act such a way. Even if you don’t have any enmity towards me, that does not mean that they don’t. The pillars have already been set and they cannot be broken by you.” Chu Feng could see that Jie Chuan really did not want him as an enemy, but the other Jie Clan members did not think that way as well.“Sigh~” After hearing Chu Feng’s words, Jie Chuan helplessly sighed, then said, “Chu Feng bro, I, Jie Chuan, really don’t want to attack you, but I have a mission. I must restrain these people from the World Spirit Guild down on this second floor. It seems that I can only offend you.”After speaking, Jie Chuan prepared to attack. The pressure of the 6th level of the Origin realm was released and layers of Origin power howled in the surrounding air. Jie Chuan was a bit stronger than Maqiang and he was not to be underestimated.“Attack!” When Jie Chuan attacked, at the same time, Jie Heng, Jie Gang, and the other Jie Clan members attacked as well. All of them displayed their strong martial skills, surrounded, and attacked Chu Feng.Several strong martial skills roared and tore the air. The might of the Origin power filled the entire hall. From that attack, the might itself was enough to cause a person to die.“A great time to come.”However, Chu Feng was not afraid in the slightest when he faced the attacks of the crowd. Under the pressure of the Spirit Pressure, clearly, Jie Chuan and the others were affected and they had no way of using their true strength.As for Chu Feng, he was not really affected that much and he could use his true power. Within the Jie Clan, even if there were five people at the 6th level of the Origin realm and twenty people in the 5th level of the Origin realm, Chu Feng was not scared at all.*whoosh whoosh* Chu Feng used the Imperial Sky Technique and like a ghost, he disappeared from where he stood. When he reappeared, he was already within the Jie Clan crowd.Chu Feng was extremely quick and many people could not react in time. With a huge step, he arrived in front of Jie Heng. He extended his right hand and grabbed Jie Heng’s lapel, then punched his face several times with huge bangs.“Ahh~~~”After several punches, Jie Heng had blood all over his face. His nose was crooked, his front teeth were shattered, and his entire face was deformed. Tears and watery blood mixed together as he howled in anguish.“You are looking to die!” Seeing that the people from the same clan being beaten up so wretchedly, the Jie Clan started to have killing intents. Their attacks became unusually fierce. It was as though they wanted to take Chu Feng’s life.“Want to kill me? None of you are worthy enough!” Chu Feng waved his hand and threw a Jie Heng away. He ferociously collided into the wall and with a huge boom, cracking sounds could be heard along with Jie Heng’s painful howling. Obviously, several bones on his body were snapped into several pieces.After throwing Jie Heng away, Chu Feng used the Imperial Sky Technique once again and easily dodged the Jie Clan members’ fatal attacks. This time, he rushed towards an expert of the 6th level of the Origin realm. It was Jie Gang. The person who wanted to take care of Chu Feng before on the first floor.“Brat, don’t be too arrogant!” After seeing Chu Feng’s methods, Jie Gang did not have the confidence he had earlier and he did not meet force with force. He quickly condensed a Spirit Formation and enveloped him within it to block Chu Feng’s attack.*bang* But when Chu Feng’s big hands came grabbing, the Spirit Formation had no way of holding it off. In front of Chu Feng’s palm, it was like glass as it shattered into pieces.After shattering the Spirit Formation, Chu Feng grabbed Jie Gang’s lapel. Originally, Jie Gang wanted to fight against it, but it was useless as Chu Feng’s pressure already surrounded him.At the end, he could only let Chu Feng throw him up high, and fiercely fall onto the floor. As he heard the cracking noises coming from his back, he felt the pain of his vertebra breaking.*ta* After Jie Gang fiercely fell onto the floor, Chu Feng raised his foot and stamped on his chest. He shattered his chest bones, then swept his gaze towards his surroundings and said, “A bunch of trash! Come as you wish!”“You bastard! I’ll skin you alive!” Another expert of the 6th level of the Origin realm rushed over and displayed a rank 5 martial skill.After that martial skill was used, Origin power condensed and formed into two pale-white hurricanes. They contained terrifying might, and with rumbling roaring, they swirled towards Chu Feng.This time, Chu Feng did not dodge or avoid it. He raise his hand and forcibly took that person’s rank 5 skill head-on. After that, he leaped and arrived next to that person. He pressed him down to the ground, then ruthlessly stepped on him several times to the point that his flesh and blood flew everywhere. Painful cries never ended and it was even more miserable than Jie Gang and Jie Heng.