MGA: Chapter 21 – Change“Hurry and run.”Seeing that the situation was not good, the three Sword Alliance members started to escape.*jijiji*However, their running didn’t matter. The strange gas that filled the air was as though they found their target, and with lightning speed, it flew towards the three people.“Shoo!”As they faced such strange substances, the three of them started crazily waving their iron sword in their hands, but it was useless towards the gas. It was not affected by it in any way, and at the end, the gas entered their brains.“Ah~~~~~”At that instant, the faces of the three people already changed greatly. They threw away the iron swords in their hand, covered their head, then started painfully wailing.Chu Feng could clearly see that their faces went from white to green, from green to purple, and they were kneeling on the ground at first, but then they started rolling around. One could tell that they were suffering from huge waves of pain.But the painful wailing only lasted for a moment. Very quickly, the three of them breathed no more, and with the limp of their legs, they died. Their death faces were extremely abnormal.Their faces were swelled, bled from the seven facial orifices, their eyes bulged out, and even their hair started to fall. It was as terrifying as it could get.*jijiji*But the more terrifying thing to Chu Feng was the strange gas.After the torturous death of the three people, the gas that went into their brains went back out. At the same time, the strange gas from all around started slowly floating towards Chu Feng.“Please save me.”As he panicked, Chu Feng cast his gaze towards the mysterious old man because he found out that the gas was floating all around except for the area around the old man. Which meant, more or less, the mysterious things were afraid of the old man.But not only did Chu Feng’s cry of help not gain the sympathy of the old man, it even agitated the strange gas all around him and at that moment, they attacked Chu Feng with lightning speed.“Damn.”Seeing that the situation was not good, Chu Feng’s body moved and he madly ran towards that old man. He wanted to use the guy to escape the calamity. However, he underestimated the speed of the strange gas.Just after running for a few steps, Chu Feng felt a wave of pain from his brain as if something entered his consciousness and was tearing his brain apart.“Ah~~~”Quickly after, the pain kept on increasing and Chu Feng already knew that a large amount of the strange gas entered his brain. Those things were like eating his body and they brought unbearable pain.Under those circumstances, Chu Feng had no way of resisting and very quickly, he fell to the ground. He started rolling back and forth just like the three Sword Alliance members from before while loudly wailing.As he looked at that scene, the mysterious old man was not moved at all. However, the strange smile that was on his face slowly dimmed down and replacing it was a disappointed curve.“Ah~~~~~”But just at that time, Chu Feng suddenly started snarling. A white ray spread out from his head like a whirlpool and started swirling around it. In an instant, all the strange gas within a circumference of several meters got blown away like dust and smoke.After snarling, Chu Feng laid on the ground without power and went unconscious. But that white ray whirlpool kept on swirling with him as the core.Under the protection of the swirl of light, the strange gas from all around did not dare to get any closer to Chu Feng. Even the ear-piercing noises from before became a lot deeper and lower as if they were scared.“Hm?”Facing that change, the expression of the mysterious old man changed and a pleasant surprise surged from both of his eyes. After that, he waved his big sleeve and a strange wave spread everywhere. All the gas went back into the white bones.When the strange gas disappeared, the swirl of light around Chu Feng’s body also slowly went back into Chu Feng’s brain.“After waiting for almost a thousand years, I finally met a mouldable person. I hope that you don’t disappoint me.” The old man’s body moved, floated in midair then slowly glided in front of Chu Feng.After that, his fingers extended and he pointed at Chu Feng’s chest. Several firefly-like glowing objects flew out from his fingers and shot into Chu Feng’s chest.When those glowing objects went through Chu Feng’s clothes and entered his body, the clothes were undamaged, but his chest started to have several dots of glow.The old man silently stared at Chu Feng until the glow disappeared from Chu Feng’s chest, then he slowly closed his eyes.Suddenly, with the old man in the middle, a fierce dark green hurricane started swirling around and the hurricane had dots of essence which contained incomparable, terrifying pressure. Instantly, it engulfed the mountain forest.The strange thing was that the hurricane did not rise up into the air, rather, it started going down into the ground. Finally, it went deep into the soil and the vast white bones also disappeared.After the violent hurricane, all the flowers, grass and trees in the forest were not changed in anyway and the night sky also covered the land again.The only change was the fainted Chu Feng and the three dead members of the Sword Alliance.A gentle wind passed and brought slight bits of chill. That chill also made Chu Feng recover his senses as he slowly opened his eyes.“Mm, what happened? Was I dreaming?”Chu Feng sat up, and while he massaged his aching head, he scanned around. He found out that the scary scene from before completely disappeared, and it made him feel that the previous experience was only a dream.“This isn’t right.”When Chu Feng’s gaze landed on the three Sword Alliance members, he suddenly stood up. As he looked at the horrifying death conditions, he knew that the previous events really did happen.“That’s too scary. Why is there such a strange place in this Spiritual Medicine Mountain?”“Thousand Bone Graveyard. Where did that come from? Who is that mysterious old man?”Chu Feng was completely shocked. Everything that happened up to this point was unimaginable because everything that happened already exceeded his bearable range.*shashasha*Just at that time, Chu Feng suddenly heard the sound of footsteps and he knew that people were coming close.Looking at the situation, Chu Feng turned around and escaped deeper into the forest.He needed to leave because he could not let people know that he was connected to the three Sword Alliance members or else he would have no way of explaining it.He couldn’t say that they entered the Thousand Bone Graveyard from the legends, and then the three got killed while he was not even scratched right?It was too strange, and even if he told people, no one would believe it. Even if people did believe it, Chu Feng would become a strange person in the Azure Dragon School so he needed remove all connections.As Chu Feng ran, he quickly found out that something was different about him. He felt that his senses were extremely clear. Even the grass moving from the wind was detectable by him. He never had that feeling before.“Is my head so sensitive because there is too much spiritual energy in this Spiritual Medicine Mountain combined with the silence of the night?”Chu Feng tried to find out why he had better senses, but he suddenly stopped his footsteps. Instantly, both of his eyes lit up and a surprised look emerged from his face.He felt a strange energy moving, and although it was still fairly far, he could confirm that it was a Sky Spirit Grass.