MGA: Chapter 43 – A Killing God“Hehe, my two beauties. Let’s see how you two can resist now.”In a certain room in the Liu Alliance residence, a fatty who had a full face of pustules, was fat-headed and had large ears was on the bed while looking at Chu Yue and Chu Xue.He was the alliance master of the Liu Alliance, the notorious big molester, Liu Mang.“Mm~~~”Chu Yue and Chu Xue’s hands and feet were tightly tied to the head of the bed. Even their mouths were sealed shut. Their eyes were full of fear as they trembled and constantly struggled.Also, other than those three people, at that moment, there were also two young men standing within the room. Those two were the experts of the 7th level of the Spirit realm, the strongest within the Liu Alliance.As for why they were there, the reason was quite amusing. It was because Liu Mang’s strength was too weak and he had no way to assult Chu Yue and Chu Xue.So, he had no choice but to get the two of them to tie Chu Xue and Chu Yue up so it was easier for Liu Mang.They did not do any small amounts of horrible things like that. Most likely, they could have a sweet taste after Liu Mang felt refreshed.So, at that instant, they did not plan to leave. They prepared to watch a reality show on scene as they waited for Liu Mang to finish. After that, they could go at it as well.“waa~~~”But just at that moment, another heartbreaking cry came from outside. Cries like that already rang several times before.That made Liu Mang frown. He said to the two people, “Go take a look. Tell them it’s about time to stop so it doesn’t ruin my mood.”Hearing Liu Mang’s orders, although the two of them were unwilling to, they had to turn around and go downstairs to stop the Liu Alliance members who continued to beat up those invaders.But just as they entered the hall, they heard a huge boom. The big door of the residence was broken open and a body also flew in.“This is…”The person who flew into the main hall had a bloody face and they were unable to figure out who that person was. But, on his clothes, there was a “Liu” character written on it, so it was obviously their own alliance members.“Damn.”As they saw their own people being beaten up like that, the two of them instantly got angry. Although Liu Mang was the boss of the Liu Alliance, in reality, they were the strongest in the alliance.But, as they aggressively walked towards the door entrance, the scene in the courtyard even stunned the both of them.At that moment, in the spacious courtyard of the Liu Alliance, Liu Alliance members were lying everywhere. All of them were horribly mangled, and other than the ones who lost consciousness, the rest were rolling on the ground and loudly howling in pain. It was extremely harsh.Chu Feng was currently grabbing on a person’s collar. Although that person was endlessly begging, he was not moved. He fiercely punched out, and with some bone-breaking sounds, that person’s breastbone was shattered just like that.After a howl in pain, he fainted. Then, like a scarecrow, Chu Feng threw him up high and with a puff he landed some place near.Thus, the hundred Liu Alliance members that surrounded to attack Chu Feng were all destroyed by him.But, it was only a short moment passed from start to finish. That ending made the observing people yell in surprise endlessly.How was that a young man? He was just like a real-life killing God.“Guy, who are you?”Suddenly, at the big doors of the residence, a yell rang out. Looking over, everyone was shocked.All of them could feel that the aura the two of them were emitting belonged to the 7th level of the Spirit realm. They knew the strongest people from the Liu Alliance came out.If the ones Chu Feng were beating up were shrimp soldiers and crab generals, then he would currently be facing experts. Everyone yearned to see what would happen when Chu Feng and the two start.“You will soon remember who I am.” Chu Feng slowly turned around and cast his gaze which was filled with steaming killing intent towards the two.“This guy…”When they saw Chu Feng’s icy face and the gaze that was full of killing intent, their bodies couldn’t help but tremble and they uncontrollably backed off one step. An unstoppable fear started to spread within their hearts.“bzz~”Just at that time, Chu Feng suddenly attacked. He stepped forward, and he was like an arrow shot from a bow. He instantly ran at flying speed as if his entire body formed into a ray of lightning and he instantly arrived in front of the two people.Before the two of them even reacted to that, they only felt some lightning movements in front of them and the rolling of qi and blood in their chest. After that, a mouthful of blood sprayed out as they fell on the floor without power.“Heavens! That power belongs to a rank 4 skill!!!”“How is it possible that this guy can use a rank 4 skill?”“I know I know. He’s the champion of this year’s inner court disciple exam, the fierce person who slaughtered the 40 Fierce Beasts.”“How is that possible? The inner court disciple exam only passed for so long. How is he be able to use the rank 4 skill so quickly?!”“Not only that. His aura is clearly at the 6th level of the Spirit realm, how is it possible that he instant beat two experts of the 7th level of the Spirit realm? Are rank 4 skills really that terrifying?”The observing crowd instantly became a flying pot of oil. If it was said that Chu Feng battling the hundred Liu Alliance people displayed his ruthlessness, then now he was displaying his absolute power.He was an unbelievable person, someone that shook away the limits of what they could bear, and to be able to do it to this extent was truly seen as a genius.“Truly ignorant. How could mediocre people understand the world of geniuses?”Su Mei shot a glance at the crowd who had faces of shock then shot it back at Chu Feng. Only then did she discover that Chu Feng disappeared within the main hall of the residence.“Damn it! This guy is going to get into huge trouble.” Seeing that, Su Mei’s body leaped and rushed towards the residence.“Darlings, you’ve been waiting right? I’ll keep you accompany right now.”Back in that room, Liu Mang already took off all his clothes and revealed his incomparably nasty body.His shining eyes looked at Chu Yue and Chu Xue who were on the bed. He shamelessly licked his lips, excitedly rubbed his hands, and as he was talking he was going to throw himself onto the two of them.*bang* But just at that time, a heavy noise resonated. Looking over to the source of the sound, Liu Mang’s face changed greatly and his eyeballs almost fell out from fear.Because the frames of the room’s door came out, and at that instant, it was flying towards him. At that speed, it was not something he could dodge.*boom*“Ahh”With a boom, the door frame fiercely crashed onto Liu Mang’s body and shattered the frame. Liu Mang crashed into the corner of the room while having fuzzy eyes and a dizzy head. His body was full of wood shavings and it was not a light smash.As he slowly recovered, he discovered with shock that there was another person in the room. That person was standing right in front of him while glaring.Although it was only a young man, his entire body was emitting an aura that terrified him. Especially those pair of eyes. It was as if it was filled with the shine of blood and he looked like a devil.