MGA: Chapter 128 - Extraordinary Genius“He blocked it?”Everyone on scene took in a breath of cool air. The power of the Origin power fist was no small matter and even some experts who were there had to seriously treat it.That was because the Murderous 7-Injuring Fists were not comparable to normal rank 5 martial skills. It was one of the best skills within rank 5 martial skills. However, Chu Feng blocked such a strong attack.In contrast to others, Chen Wanxi tightly frowned and said pessimistically, “This won’t do. Chu Feng can’t go on for too long. The Murderous 7-Injuring Fists are not simple rank 5 martial skills. It is absolutely not as simple as you think it is!”In actuality, it was just as how Chen Wanxi said it was. Although Chu Feng successfully defended against Ding Chou’s attack, he only defended against it. He was not even able to counterattack.“I’d like to see how long you can go on for.”Suddenly, the air around Ding Chou quivered and his aura changed once again. The Origin power fists he was throwing out abruptly strengthened again and its speed kept on increasing. Its might was extremely fierce.*bang bang bang*The Origin power fists were half-transparent and they continuously exploded on the golden shield. Chu Feng had troubles bearing against the strong force and he started to back away step by step.“Damn it. How is this guy’s strength so strong?”Chu Feng had no choice but to look directly at Ding Chou. With his strength, even if his opponents were at the 2nd level of the Origin realm, he could still easily defeat them. However, Ding Chou was different. Common sense could not be applied to him.His methods were extremely strong. Up until now, he was the strongest opponent Chu Feng had faced within his generation.“Hehe idiot, do you want me to lend you my strength?” Within Chu Feng’s brain, Eggy’s naughty voice came ranging out.“No need. I will use my own strength to defeat him.” Chu Feng was very stubborn because he did not reach a dead end yet where he would need to rely on Eggy’s cultivation. He was going to use his own power to defeat Ding Chou.With a thought, a layer of Spirit Formation power surged out and it covered the golden shield. At that moment, the hardness of the golden shield immediately increased by several times. Despite that the Origin power fists got even fiercer, they had no way of breaking the shield.After using the Spirit Formation power to raise the defense of the golden shield, Chu Feng formed his right hand into a fist and a golden-coloured longsword appeared within his hand. He operated the Mysterious Technique and his spiritual energy boiled. Not only did he stop his retreating steps, he even started to advance forward.“Look, that Chu Feng is going forward! He is withstanding the Murderous 7-Injuring Fists!”“Heavens, how is that possible? To be able to hold back such a strong martial skill is already a miracle, and now he can still go forward?”Everyone exclaimed in surprise and the crowd stirred up. That kind of battle already exceeded their imagination and it could be said to be the most intense battle in the history of New Excellence Assemblies.It surpassed everyone’s understanding towards the young generation and completely overturned their imagination. It wasn’t only a match between two new, outstanding participators in the assembly. It was a match between geniuses. Two real geniuses.At that instant, Chu Feng was holding a golden shield in one hand and a golden longsword in the other. Even though Origin power fists were endlessly exploding all around him, Chu Feng was not affected by that as if nothing could stop his steps forward.One step. Two steps. Three steps. Four steps. Every step that Chu Feng took would violently shake the stage and leave a deep footprint there. Every step he took, he would exhaust a huge amount of spiritual energy and pay a extremely large price.But even so, it did not diminish his determination. He clenched onto the shield in his left hand tighter and tighter, as well as holding the longsword in his right hand stabler and stabler. If one looked in detail, they would discover that there were lightning flickering within his eyes.That was not caused by the Three Thunder Styles but rather the reaction that came from Chu Feng’s body. At that moment, Chu Feng already brought his power out to the extreme. That was Chu Feng at his peak.“How is this happening? How can Chu Feng do all this? He’s only at the 8th level of the Spirit realm!” Su Hen gaze tightened and tension was on his strong and healthy face.Not to mention Su Hen, even Su Rou widened her little mouth in shock. Although she already knew that Chu Feng was a genius that was hard to come by, she did not expect that Chu Feng would be strong to this degree.“I do not believe that you can hold off my Murderous 7-Injuring Fists!”Seeing that his own offense could not shake Chu Feng, Ding Chou also got thoroughly angered. He roared again and the surrounding Origin power spread out and away. His aura strengthened by several times once again and at that instant, he entered the 3rd level of the Origin realm.“What is happening? Ding Chou’s cultivation changed again? Why is he suddenly emitting the aura of the 3rd level of the Origin realm?”“Was he already at the 3rd level of the Origin realm at the start and used special techniques to conceal his true strength? Is it that his current cultivation is his real cultivation?” As they felt Ding Chou’s change in cultivation, people felt that it was unbelieveable.“No. He did not hide his strength but rather he increased his strength. This is the power of the Murderous 7-Injuring Fists. He used that to increase his cultivation.”“I never would have guessed that Ding Chou’s talent was like this to be able to cultivate the Murderous 7-Injuring Fists to the 3rd layer.”Chen Wanxi had disbelief written all across her face. In the eyes of many, she was already a cultivating genius. However, when compared to Ding Chou, she was only mediocre.As she was a core disciple of the Lingyun School, she deeply knew the strength of the Murderous 7-Injuring Fists. Although it was a rank 5 martial skill, it was one of the core martial skills of the Lingyun School and it was not able to be grasped by ordinary disciples.“What? He used a martial skill to increase his strength from the 2nd level to the 3rd level? How is there such a strong martial skill in the world?”After hearing Chen Wanxi’s words, Chen Hui and the others were astonished and they could not remain calm anymore. The Murderous 7-Injuring Fists were way too strong. That martial skill was certainly the strongest martial skill that they had ever seen.“Wait, Chu Feng did not stop moving forward. He’s still continuing yet his aura hasn’t changed. What is this? How can he do this? How is he supporting himself with the cultivation of the 8th level of the Spirit realm to hold back against such strong attacks?”However, after looking more carefully, the complexion of Chen Hui and the others changed greatly once again. They were stupefied as they discovered the one who was pressing forward was still Chu Feng even when Ding Chou’s cultivation changed from the 2nd level of the Origin realm to the 3rd level of the Origin realm in addition to the strengthening in essence of his Murderous 7-Injuring Fists.“This is too terrifying. Is that Chu Feng a monster? This defies common sense!”Everyone was ceaselessly shocked. An appalled expression was hung on their faces and some people even trembled because they felt that they were witnessing the birth of an extraordinary genius.