MGA: Chapter 78 – Talent TestThe current Chu Feng had a bright smile on his face. It was extremely warm. So warm that it could melt one’s heart.But the most eye-attracting thing was Chu Feng’s right hand. Within his grasp, there were some fresh flowers. They were very pretty because the flowers had 7 petals and every petal had a different colour.Under the illumination of the sunlight, they were extremely beautiful. It was as if they were covered by a layer of dim, 7-coloured light. There were even several butterflies surrounding them and it could be seen how fragrant the flowers were.7-Coloured Flowers. They were extremely rare and only by chance could one see a single one. Yet, Chu Feng had a handful of the flowers within his hands.“Of course spiritual medicines are important to me. But, these 7-Coloured Flowers are even more important because you want to see them. So, I had to pick them for you.” Chu Feng lightly smiled as he placed the 7-Coloured Flowers into Su Mei’s hands.“I…” Su Mei took the flowers and didn’t know what to do. She only felt that her heart beated even faster and felt sour yet warm in her heart while her eyes were getting moist.“You won’t be so touched that you need to cry right?” Seeing that, Chu Feng chuckled.“Who’s crying.”Su Mei glared at Chu Feng and really held back her tears. After that, she moved her nose close to the 7-Coloured Flowers and deeply inhaled. Feeling such fragrance in her nose, she smiled from happiness.Her smile was extremely sweet and extremely beautiful and her smile really moved one’s heartstrings. Those people who saw it were enchanted it and even Chu Feng was no exception.But very little people knew the reason why Su Mei smiled so happily was not only because of the 7-Coloured Flowers in her hands, it was because of the person that picked the flowers for her.“Let’s go. The 4 hour time limit is approaching and we’re going to fail soon.” After being crazily happy, Su Mei reminded while smiling.“But what about them? Their injuries are so heavy. If they’re not healed soon they won’t die right?” Some people were worried. Although they were not lightly injured, most of them were only bruises. It was simply incomparable to the members of the World Alliance and the Sword Alliance.“Don’t worry, I held back so they won’t die.” Chu Feng explained and said.“Mm, no need to care about them. When the time of the exam arrives, my sister will enter the Azure Dragon Flower Garden and they will treat them.”“Also, they were at the wrong so my sister won’t blame us. The more important thing is to get out of this Azure Dragon Flower Garden.” Su Mei said.“I know where the exit is. Follow me.” Chu Feng smiled and lead them and it was like a walk in the park.“This is also the first time that you’ve been here. How do you know where the exit is?” Su Mei followed up and she was a bit suspicious.“I’ve ran through the entire Azure Dragon Flower Garden for the flowers and I can’t possibly be anymore familiar to this place. Not to even mention the exit, I’ve also picked all of the spiritual medicines in here.” Chu Feng smiled and patted his Cosmos Sack.“You rascal.”Hearing Chu Feng’s words, Su Mei was both shocked and moved. Shocked at Chu Feng’s speed because of the size of the Azure Dragon Flower Garden. Even if they spent a whole day walking, they may not even walk through the entire garden. But Chu Feng already went everywhere in such a short period of time. How fast was his speed?As for why she was moved, naturally, it was because for picking the 7-Coloured Flowers for her, he diligently went through the entire Azure Dragon Flower Garden. So, to such a pure young female like Su Mei, obviously, she being moved was greater than her shock.Indeed, under Chu Feng’s lead, they quickly reached vast palace. That was the exit of the Azure Dragon Flower Garden and the entrance to the core zone.After entering the palace, in front of them was a huge hall. In the middle of the huge hall was a stone stage. On the stone stage was a triangular rock. The rock was 1 meter tall, and from bottom to top, it was divided into the three colours green, yellow, red and it was quite pretty.The most important thing was that next to the rock sat 6 old people. All of them had white and gray hair with a full face of wrinkles. With a glance, one could tell that their age neared 100.Although their ages were very high, the auras in their bodies were extremely thick. Chu Feng had no way of finding out their strength with his Spirit power and it could be seen that they were no ordinary people.They were currently closing their eyes to rest. After hearing movement, they gradually opened their eyes. However, when they saw Chu Feng and the others, surprise surged out within their old gazes.The injuries on Situ Yu and the others’ face and body were obviously not from the mechanisms. They were clearly caused by human actions but the elders did not ask anything. After all, they had seen too many of battles between disciples.“Those are 7-Coloured Flowers and there’s so many. Did you pick all the 7-Coloured flowers in the Azure Dragon Flower Garden?” Rather, when an old lady saw the 7-Coloured Flowers within Su Mei’s hands, she felt very astonished.Su Mei only responded the old lady’s question with a smile because she didn’t know how to answer. She only had happiness within her heart.“Okay, come over and test it out.” Another old person spoke.Hearing that, Chu Feng and the others did not hesitate and went up one after the other in front of the strange 3-coloured rock.Actually, the so-called test was to test their talent value. The talent value would be publicly announced in the core zone and all core elders and core disciples would know it. In the future, the development that they gained was closely related to it.As for the testing method, it was to imbue the middle of the 3-coloured rock with some spiritual energy. As long as the concentration of spiritual energy was enough, it would activate it and the rock would release bright light.Green represented low-rank talent, yellow represented medium-rank talent, and red represented high-rank talent.Most core disciples had low-rank talent. Very little people could activate the yellow coloured part and have medium-rank talent. As for the red high-rank talent, up to today, only 2 people activated it.One was the #1 disciple that year, Zhang Tianyi. The other was today’s #1 disciple, Gong Luyun.“I’ll go first.”As the alliance master of the Wings Alliance, Situ Yu went up first. He was very confident towards his own talent so he felt that there should not be many problems to activate the yellow section. After all, before Chu Feng, he was the #1 person within the inner court disciples.When Situ Yu put his hand onto the testing stone, other people tense up, including Su Mei. After all, the test represented their future achievements and it had relation to their future.*hmm*Following the permeation of spiritual energy, the testing stone created fluctuations in energy. After that, the lowest part, the green section, shone a green light.