MGA: Chapter 25 – The Furious Su MeiChu Feng never would have thought that the little girl seemed so pure, yet was so unreserved. No matter what you say, she was still a little beauty, so how could she say such things out of nowhere?“Marry you? Why wouldn’t I dare?”But Chu Feng did not back off. He stopped his steps, put his hand under his chin, looked up and down with his eyes, and seriously evaluated the beauty in front of him.Only then did he discover that Su Mei’s age may not be big, but her development was quite nice. It really heated people up with her good convexes and her beautiful curves.“You…You dare marry, but I don’t. Damn hooligan.”Being looked by Chu Feng’s scoundrelly gaze, Su Mei could not keep up with that face. She finally discovered that she was too inexperienced in acting shamelessly with Chu Feng, and just with a few words from Chu Feng, she became completely frantic.“Oh? That’s great if you don’t marry, you really aren’t my type.” Chu Feng faintly smiled, as if a huge burden had been released and continued walking.“You…you bastard.” Su Mei’s angry voice came from behind him.To have revenge on Chu Feng, Su Mei did not leave Chu Feng no matter what and she kept on sticking next to him. As they walked, Chu Feng attracted plenty of enmity.Chu Feng really was helpless against Su Mei’s actions. On the topic of power, he was far from Su Mei, and even if he was stronger than Su Mei, there was no need to use fighting to drive the little beauty away right?Since he was helpless, Chu Feng might as well enjoy it a bit instead. Once in a while he admired Su Mei’s looks, once in a while he provoked her a bit, and that made her angrily stamp like thunder. She grabbed on Chu Feng’s arm and bit, madly hammered on Chu Feng’s back, and all along the road Chu Feng was quite injured.There were very few people that recognized Su Mei, but with her beauty she could even be called as #1 in the inner court. Seeing Chu Feng bully a beauty like Su Mei, there were countless of young males that walked up and tried to fight for justice and pull a “hero saving the beauty”.But what they got was Su Mei’s cursing, and there were even two people that had their ribs broken by Su Mei. When they saw the Wings Alliance badge on Su Mei’s chest, all of them could only curse their luck.The two of them continued walking, and all the observers would focus their attention on them. Just like that, they became a strange scene. When they walked to the outer-circle, a large amount of people were gathered there and they became the focus point of people’s attention.“Look, isn’t that Chu Feng?”“There seems to be a person behind him, isn’t…isn’t that Su Mei?” Two bodies came out of the crowds, and it was the Dragon and Tiger brothers. Those two people were very afraid of Su Mei so they wanted to turn around and escape.“Bai Long Bai Hu, help me stop this bastard.” But when Su Mei called out to them, they knew that they couldn’t escape.“Brother, what should we do?”“Since it’s like this, we can only follow up and give that Chu Feng a bit of suffering. Or else Su Mei would not forgive us.”The two of them looked at each other’s eyes and remembered Su Mei’s orders from all those days ago. They couldn’t help but grind their teeth and leap towards Chu Feng’s direction as they wanted to block him.Chu Feng already noticed those two, and seeing as they were leaping towards him with unkind faces, he knew that they were going to attack him.Indeed, the brothers arrived in front of Chu Feng and stuck out with one fist and one kick aiming towards Chu Feng’s stomach and leg.Those two were in the 6th level of the Spirit realm, and although they didn’t use any martial skills, their strength and speed were top-class. If it was several days ago, Chu Feng would have no way of taking their attacks. But it was no longer hard now.*whoosh* Chu Feng did not back off and he went forward instead. With one foot touching the ground, his body suddenly spun and he went between the two people like the wind.“This aura, Spirit realm, 5th level?”The brothers felt Chu Feng’s aura, but they were surprised because of that. How could he dodge the attacks of the two while only being in the 5th level of the Spirit realm? It did not make any sense.At that instant, the two brothers felt that they had no more face. Even though Chu Feng was a talented person, the two of them were not ordinary either. How could they let a little person, who was only in the 5th level of the Spirit realm, toy with them, who were in the 6th level of the Spirit realm, in front of the all the eyes of the crowd?Thinking to that point, the hearts of those two became colder. They changed their styles, and several palms stuck out at the same time. Countless of wind palms that was visible by the naked eye started flying towards Chu Feng. Those wind palms were densely compacted and there was almost no way of dodging them.“These two guys.”Seeing that the two of them actually used a rank 3 skill, Chu Feng started to frown. He was already unable to dodge against those skills, so he had to use his own skills to counter. But, there were too many observers, so if Chu Feng really used his skills, his true strength would also be exposed.After some thought, Chu Feng bit his teeth and poured the spiritual energy within his body onto his skin. He shifted towards the thinnest wind palms and he wanted to forcibly take on the attack.*bang bang bang*After some heavy sounds, Chu Feng got hit by three continuous palms. Although a wave of numbing pain came from his back, he did not suffer from any internal injuries so the Dragon and Tiger brothers did restrain themselves.But, to fake the real, he threw himself forward, and at the same time that he landed on the ground he intentionally bit his lips and spit out some watery blood.It terrified the brothers as they saw that Chu Feng fell on the ground and even spit out blood. They only wanted to get back some face and they did indeed restrain themselves. After all, they did not want to anger the person behind Chu Feng.Although they were afraid in their hearts, they saw Su Mei coming up so the two of them did not lend a hand towards Chu Feng and could only put on a face of evilness then said while pointing at Chu Feng, “Chu Feng, this is the price of offending Su Mei.”“Su Mei?!”“The sister of Elder Su Rou, Su Mei?”Hearing the name “Su Mei” shocked the observing crowd. The name Su Mei were not unfamiliar to them because it was an extremely talented person that everyone knew.It was said that Su Mei was an exceptional beauty and only entered the Azure Dragon School this year, so that was why very few people recognized her.But because Su Mei was extremely talented, being in the 7th level at the age of 14, she was directly accepted as a inner court disciple as an exception. On the same day that she entered the inner court, she entered the Wings Alliance.After comparing Su Mei’s appearance and the Wings Alliance badge on her chest, everyone was more certain about her identity. At that moment, the crowd exploded because Su Mei’s name was really too well-known.“Ahh, who’s that boy? I see he’s dead if he offended Su Mei.”“I think I heard that the Dragon and Tiger brothers say that he was Chu Feng. Seeing his face, he should be that idiot. He really must not know how high the sky or how deep the ground is.”At that instant, pretty much everyone thought that Chu Feng was dead. Because of Su Rou’s existence, Su Mei’s position in the inner court was not low.Also with her beautiful appearance, she already became the spouse of choice for all sorts of geniuses within the inner court. Whoever dared to offend her was looking for death.Su Mei arrived in front of Chu Feng, and as she looked at him who was slowly climbing back up and also the pool of watery blood in front of them, her face changed greatly.She suddenly spun around, and slapped the Dragon and Tiger brothers with two bangs then loudly bellowed, “Who let you hit him? Are you looking to die?!”