MGA: Chapter 18 – The Scream in the Forest“I say, Chu Feng, you’re no good either. You don’t even have anything after a full day.” As she saw Chu Feng’s dried out bag, Chu Xue sneered and digged at the hardships.“Is that so? With the ten of you all together, it doesn’t seem that you are any better than me?” Chu Feng scanned with his gaze, and seeing the same dried out bags on Chu Xue’s side, he mocked,“I really don’t understand what Chu Wei is thinking. He put the ten of you useless people in one ground, and the ten useless people ran to the middle-circle. Are you guys here for camping? You have enough rations?”“Nonsense.” Hearing Chu Feng’s words, Chu Xue got agitated and angered. The nine other servants on the side were also not in a good mood.Especially that Chu Gao. He even pointed at Chu Feng and yelled, “If you dare to be any more unrespectful to my family’s miss, I’ll cripple you.”“If you feel you can, then come and try.” Chu Feng cast a glance of disdain at Chu Gao, then looked down and continued to eat his rations.“You think I don’t dare?” As Chu Gao spoke, he aggressively ran over to Chu Feng. Swirling wind rose from under his feet and swept the huge leaves up. He completely displayed the power of the 4th level of the Spirit realm.But just as Chu Gao got close to Chu Feng, Chu Feng suddenly raised his head, and a pair of chilling eyes shot out like a sharp knife as if stabbing into Chu Gao’s eyes.*ta*At that instant, Chu Gao immediately stopped walking and also quickly retreated two steps back. The instant that he saw Chu Feng’s gaze, he felt something. The power of deterrence.That deterrence made Chu Gao feel a chill in his spine. He panicked in his heart because he had felt that deterrence before, and someone who was able to make him feel something like that was an extremely scary person.Although he also felt that it was unimaginable when it came from Chu Feng who was also at the 4th level of the Spirit realm and just entered the inner court, that deterrence told him that he could not fight with Chu Feng.*gu*After deeply swallowing his saliva, Chu Gao instantly turned around and ran back.That scene really made Chu Xue and the others not know what to do. Why did he return without even fighting? Wasn’t that a bit too embarrassing?If they knew that Chu Gao was scared by Chu Feng’s eye expression alone, they would have felt that they lost even more face.“Chu Gao, what happened to you?” Chu Xue lashed out angrily.“Miss, I…” Chu Gao didn’t know how to respond.“Useless trash.”Looking at Chu Gao’s weak look, Chu Xue angrily bit her teeth, but she didn’t know what to do. At the end, she could only fiercely say to Chu Feng,“Chu Feng, you’ve really grown up. Did you forget that you got beaten up by Hongfei when you were young?”“Let me warn you. You better never return to the Chu family, or else I’ll have Hongfei beat you up even more.”After hearing Chu Xue’s words, Chu Feng suddenly clenched both his hands, and the rations in his hands were completely crushed into powder. A gale with him as the core started swirling, and it blew Chu Xue and others continuously back. Even Chu Gao had difficulty resisting.Chu Hongfei. A person that heavily humiliated Chu Feng before. Chu Feng would never forget, the him who was only eight years old was beaten up by the ten year old Chu Hongfei to the point in which he couldn’t stand up. Chu Feng had stay in bed for an entire half a month.The important thing was later on when Chu Guyu went and found Chu Honfei, even Chu Guyu was beaten badly. That thing became a thorn in Chu Feng’s heart. A thorn that would always be painful if it was not pulled out.Chu Feng slowly raised his head and a dense, cold aura spread from his pair of eyes. He said with an extremely cold tone to Chu Xue,“Chu Xue, tell Chu Honfei that I will return in this year’s gathering. Make sure that he does the preparations for kneeling and begging.”“And now, you all better immediately disappear from my sight, or else I will make you regret it.”If they were under normal circumstances, Chu Xue would certainly talk back to Chu Feng. But now she did not have that courage to do that. At that moment, the aura that Chu Feng was emitting was enough to make her legs weak and body tremble. She knew that this feeling was called fear.At the end, Chu Xue did not say anything back and turned around then went further into the mountains and forest. As for Chu Gao and the others, they also quickly followed, because they were the same as Chu Xue, as they were unable to resist against Chu Feng’s aura.After Chu Xue and the others left, Chu Feng plainly packed up and continued.He knew that Chu Hongfei was not a oil-saving lamp. Not only was he best at fighting within the Chu family back in the days, even today, he was barely behind Chu Guyu.Chu Hongfei was from the Chu family, and other than Chu Guyu, he was the only other person who was able to get into a first-rate school. To be able to get accepted by a first-rate school already showed his talent in martial cultivation.Ever since Chu Hongfei entered the school, he hadn’t returned back in the Chu family so no one knew what kind of strength he had.However, Chu Feng felt that this year, Chu Hongfei would likely return back. After all, his own father was one of the candidates.As for Chu Hongfei’s talent, even if he didn’t reach the 6th level of the Spirit realm, he would be at least the 5th level. So, Chu Feng must quickly raise his strength and at least reach the 5th level of the Spirit realm.“Ah! Don’t touch me~~~~”But before Chu Feng walked far, a sharp scream came from the forest. That voice belonged to Chu Xue.At that instant, Chu Feng frowned, and after some hesitation, he ran towards the direction of the sound.At the same time, in an empty area in the mountains, an unbearable scene was happening.Chu Gao and the other nine people were shivering while standing on the side with faces full of fear. In the empty space in the middle, Chu Xue was being toyed around by three men.Those three people were aged twenty or so and their faces were extremely vulgar. But behind their body, a black iron sword was on their back. They were members of the Sword Alliance.“Junior, no need to be afraid. We have no ill intentions and we just want to chat a bit with you.”One of the males who had a full face of pockmarks was pulling on Chu Xue’s purple clothes. One sleeve was already torn by him and it revealed her snow-white skin.“Hehe, this is quite white, I like tender girls like this.”The other two were also touching Chu Xue’s body. Their eyes shined and they were already drooling from their mouth.“We are from the same school. Aren’t you afraid that the elders will punish you if you treat me like this?” Chu Xue’s face was already full of tears as she struggled without strength.“Junior, we are protecting you. The elders don’t even have enough time to praise us so why would they even punish us?”“That’s right, following useless people like them will only land you in more danger. It’s still better to follow us, and when the hunt ends, we will give you some rewards. Hehe…”It was already night and the three of them were extremely lonely. Just at that time, they found a little sheep like Chu Xue. How could they let that chance go?“Seniors, please let our family’s miss go.” Chu Gao begged while trembling.*whoosh*Before even finishing his sentence, one of the Sword Alliance members pulled out his black iron sword, waved it at Chu Gao, and a strong wind flew in front Chu Gao’s body.*poof*After that strong wind, a bloody wound appeared on top of Chu Gao's legs and with a poof, he kneeled on the ground.“5th level of the Spirit realm.”Seeing that, the Chu family crowd backed away from fear. To be able to use the wind as a blade and to defeat Chu Gao in one strike was, without a doubt, the cultivation power of the 5th level in the Spirit realm.