MGA: Chapter 8 – Coincidentally Meeting Chu Yue“The Wings Alliance rarely recruit members, but when they do, the people they recruit are like the dragon within men.”“Although the Wings Alliance only has thirty-two people, within the inner court, they are very well-known people.”“Also, their hearts are one, and they look at each other like an extension of their hands and feet. Whoever dares to make a move against the members of the Wings Alliance, no matter who it is, they will have their revenge.”“Two years ago, a third-rate school in the Azure Province harmed a member of the Wings Alliance. The one that exterminated the school was also the Wings Alliance.”“That strong?” Listening to that point, Chu Feng was also astonished. Although a third-rate school could not be compared to the Azure Dragon School, it still had quite some power. To be able to exterminate them showed that the Wings Alliance were very strong.“Also, although the founders of the World Alliance and the Sword Alliance are very strong, but compared to the founder of the Wings Alliance, there’s a huge difference.”“According to the rumours, the founder of the Wings Alliance entered the inner court at the age of 11, became a core disciple at the age of 14, and was the #1 disciple at the age of 16 in the Azure Dragon School.”“But sadly, he is no longer in the Azure Dragon School. In the year that he was sixteen, he left this place and no one knew where he went.” As he talked about things like that, the younger brother seemed to be rather regretful.“Who was that person called?” Chu Feng was amazed even more. Core disciples were important figures of the Azure Dragon School and every one of them could be said to be geniuses in martial cultivation.The founder of the Wings Alliance became the strongest within the core disciples at the age of 16. How outstanding was that person?“His name is Zhang Tianyi.” The younger brother said his name one word at a time.“Zhang Tianyi.” Chu Feng remembered that name because he was qualified to be remembered by Chu Feng.“That’s right, I heard that our inner court beauty Elder Su Rou is also one of the members of the Wings Alliance, and she is also one of the strongest within the core disciples.”“Also, other than Elder Su Rou, within today’s core disciples, there are a lot of people who belong to the Wings Alliance. All of their achievements are not inferior to the founders of the World Alliance or the Sword Alliance. Isn’t the Wings Alliance strong?” The younger brother continued saying.“If you say it like that, then this Wings Alliance is really strong. Are there any special symbols for the members of the Wings Alliance?” Chu Feng was getting more and more interested in this Wings Alliance.“It’s rare to see anyone from the Wings Alliance, but on their chest, they would wear a small badge, and a pair of wings are on that badge.”The three of them chatted as they walked, and soon, they arrived at the plaza that was filled with people. It was the place to register for the Spiritual Medicine Hunt.Actually, the so-called registration was writing your own name on a wall scroll then taking a token. There were no elders there.“Junior, the Spiritual Medicine Hunt starts tomorrow. So, I’m thinking that you should join in an alliance and request for shelter.”“I'll give you a word of advice. Don’t think of joining an alliance like the Wings Alliance because we won’t even have a single chance in our lifetime.”“No need to even mention the Wings Alliance. The World Alliance and the Sword Alliance are not easy to enter as well.”“So, if you want to join an alliance, you need to keep your eyes open.” After registering, the two brothers started to take advantage of the mood again.“Please give me some pointers.” Seeing that the brothers were so friendly, Chu Feng couldn’t bear to not give them face.“Although the stronger alliances are harder to enter, you cannot choose a weak one. For example, you should never enter those who say how good their alliance are to one person after the other. Those alliances could not even protect you and you would only get bullied.”“Like that girl who’s giving bamboo sheets to everyone. With a glance, you could tell that she’s from some weak little alliance and they’re here to trick the new disciples.” Saying that, the elder brother pointed towards a purple-clothed young female from nearby.Looking over to the direction that he was pointing at, Chu Feng couldn’t help but look blankly. That purple-clothed young female was Chu Yue.“Chu Yue!” Seeing her, Chu Feng yelled excitedly.After hearing Chu Feng’s yells, Chu Yue turned her head to look. When she saw Chu Feng, she also was joyful and as she waved, she yelled, “Chu Feng!”Chu Feng wanted to find Chu Yue, but he never would have thought that they would meet at a place like that. So, he hurriedly walked over to Chu Yue.“Ahh, he's finished. Another idiot has been tricked. We’ve wasted our time after talking to him for so long.” Seeing that, the pair of brothers looked at each other with their four eyes and shook their head.“Chu Feng, you’ve finally entered the inner court, this is great! We can finally start training together.” As she looked at Chu Feng’s purple clothing, Chu Yue was so happy that her heart could jump. From the bottom of her heart, she was happy for Chu Feng.“Chu Yue, what are you doing?” Chu Feng was fairly curious as he gazed at the bamboo sheets.“Oh, you still don’t know huh? Chu Wei created an alliance in the inner court called the Chu Alliance.”“All the people from the Chu family are in this Chu Alliance. But even so, there are still too little people in our alliance.”“So, taking advantage of this year’s new disciples that are entering the inner court, I want to try to pull some more people to enter our Chu Alliance and increase our power. After all, if the Chu Alliance has a good development, in the future, it will help our Chu Family greatly.” Chu Yue explained while smiling.The Chu Wei that Chu Yue mentioned was a young elder brother in the Chu family. He was twenty years old this year, and ten years ago, he entered the Azure Dragon School.However, Chu Feng did not have a good impression on that Chu Wei, as Chu Wei was one of the people that bullied him a lot when he was younger.“I’ll help you.” Although he didn’t like Chu Wei, Chu Feng didn’t want Chu Yue to work too hard.“It’s fine, it’s really fine. You don’t understand the situation in the Chu Alliance so I can do it myself.” Chu Yue smiled while declining, then asked with concern, “That’s right. Chu Feng, did you register in the Spiritual Medicine Hunt?”“Look at this.” Chu Feng smiled, and took out the token for the Spiritual Medicine Hunt.“That’s great! This time, I can go with you and catch the spiritual medicines. I’ll tell you this. Catching the spiritual medicine is a battle of wits and bravery and it’s very interesting.” As she mentioned the Spiritual Medicine Hunt, Chu Yue seemed to really look forward to it.“Chu Feng, I’ll be getting busy. At night, come and find me. I have something that I want to say to you so you have to come.”Chu Yue saw another new disciple walking pass, so she quickly stuffed a bamboo sheet into Chu Feng’s hands and walked over to that new disciple and introduced the Chu Alliance to him.Seeing Chu Yue insisting like that, Chu Feng didn’t force the issue. On that bamboo sheet, the location of Chu Yue’s residence was written on it.Walking in the plaza and scanning through the crowds, he found out that there were quite a few people who were like Chu Yue that advertised their alliance.But very little people cared about them. Since everyone wasn’t an idiot, unless they couldn’t enter the stronger alliances, very little people would choose to join small alliances like that.The so-called Chu Alliance only had Chu Yue herself recruiting members. Even the founder, Chu Wei, did not appear. It showed that only Chu Yue thought about the Chu family.Night came so Chu Feng went to Chu Yue’s residence as planned. Chu Yue was walking back and forth outside the residence and it was obvious that she was waiting for someone.When Chu Yue saw Chu Feng, she put both of her hands behind her back while skipping and jumping her way over.Although Chu Yue was one year older than Chu Feng, she was still at the prime of her youth. Not only was her appearance beautiful, her character was also lively and cheerful.In the Chu family, Chu Yue could be said to be a clown. No matter if it was the old or young, they all liked this little strange girl.As she arrived in front of Chu Feng, Chu Yue opened her hands and said while laughing, “Hey, hurry and pick it up.”Between her two white palms was a Saint Spirit Grass.