MGA: Chapter 29 – Meeting of the Father and SonIn a certain residence hall in the Chu family, a middle-aged male and a young man were sitting.The young man wore a white robe. He had a handsome face and his entire body was emitting a special aura.That person was Chu Feng’s elder brother. He was an inner court disciple in the #1 school in the Azure Province, the Lingyun School, Chu Guyu.As for that middle-aged male, he was Chu Guyu’s and Chu Feng’s father, Chu Yuan.*creak~* As the two of them were chatting, that tightly closed door was slowing being opened.“Who said that you could enter without knocking? Leave.”As he was talking happily with his son, there dared to be a person that intruded without permission. Chu Yuan angrily slammed the table and yelled. But, when the door completely opened and a thin, weak silhouette entered, and Chu Yuan’s angry expression was instantly frozen.“Heh, father, brother.” Chu Feng scratched a bit and entered the hall while chuckling. These two people were the closest people to him.“It’s you brother?” After seeing Chu Feng, Chu Guyu was extremely happy. With a few steps he arrived in front of Chu Feng and hugged him, “Brother, you’re finally back. I’ve missed you so much!”“I’ve also missed you brother.” Chu Feng also hugged Chu Guyu strongly.“I haven’t seen you in 5 years. You’ve grown tall and more handsome. I almost didn’t recognize you.” Chu Guyu carefully assessed Chu Feng and his eyes were filled with joy.“But I am still not as tall as you.” Chu Feng said while laughing.“You are only so old. In a few more years, you will certainly be taller than me.” Chu Guyu lovingly rubbed Chu Feng’s head.“Why didn’t you even greet me when you came back?” Chu Yuan also walked over, and a unconcealable happiness was hung on his face. Although the Chu family members didn’t view Chu Feng as part of the Chu family, in Chu Yuan’s heart, Chu Feng was his son, and he was no different from Chu Guyu.Seeing Chu Feng’s purple robe, Chu Yuan asked again, “You’ve entered the inner court?”“Mm.” Chu Feng smiled as he nodded.“Good. I was saying that my son Chu Feng wasn’t that bad.” Chu Yuan loudly laughed, and his laughter was unusually happy.The three of them haven’t seen themselves in 5 years and they had an endless amount of things to say. They chatted for a good half day and didn’t even eat lunch.“Mr. Chu Yuan, the master has asked for you and for young master Guyu to go over.” When it was afternoon, there was a call from outside of the residence.That voice came from Chief Zhao, an outstanding minister for the Chu family. Although he was not part of the Chu family, his position was very high. So, at that moment, Chu Feng, his brother, and his father walked out of the residence.“Chief Zhao, do you know why he has asked for us to go there?” Chu Yuan asked politely.“It’s about the family gathering. All the members of the Chu family have went there.” Chief Zhao who had white hair smiled and said that.“I see. Guyu, Feng'er, let’s go.” Chu Yuan looked at Chu Guyu and Chu Feng then prepared to walk towards the Chu family’s conference hall.“Mr. Chu Yuan, the master only told you and young master Guyu to go.” Just as they were going to move, they were stopped by Zhao.“What is this?!” Hearing that, Chu Guyu got very angry.“Sigh…” Chief Zhao was quite calm, and he faintly smiled as he said, “This is the meaning of the master. I am just spreading the word.”At that instant, not only Chu Guyu, but Chu Yuan’s face was very ugly was well. They said it was a family meeting, but they didn’t call Chu Feng. The meaning was very clear.“Father, brother, you two go quickly. Don’t make grandfather unhappy.” Just at that time, Chu Feng spoke while smiling. His smile was very calm and his emotions were not even affected in the slightest. After being in the Chu family for so many years, he was already used to things like that.And seeing Chu Feng like that, Chu Yuan’s heart felt like it was being twisted by a knife. He also felt that he wasn’t a qualified father, and he said while patting Chu Feng’s shoulder,“Feng'er, I will guarantee that the next family meeting will include you.” After saying that, Chu Yuan went towards the conference hall with Chu Guyu.“9th level, Spirit realm.” Chu Feng was overjoyed. He poured a thread of aura into Chu Yuan’s body just now, and what he felt was the aura of the 9th level.Chu Feng knew what that meant. In the entire Chu family, except for the old generation, there was no one that reached the 9th level of the Spirit realm. So, it was the biggest hand that Chu Yuan had as a candidate.9th level, Spirit realm. With only one more step, one could enter the Origin realm.In the Origin realm, you no longer used spiritual energy. You used the Origin power.It was a power that was far above spiritual energy. A realm that completely exceeded the Spirit realm. The current master of the Chu family, “Chu Yuan Ba” was only one who was at the 1st level of the Origin realm.Chu Yuan was able to reach the 9th level of the Spirit realm at this age. The distance to the Origin stage was only the width of a string, so Chu Feng was truly happy and excited for him.“Mr. Chu Yuan, something happened!”Just at that time, an aged voice echoed and a large person ran in with a face of panic.“Uncle Zhang, what happened?” Chu Feng recognized that person. He was one of the servants for the Chu family.“Are…Are you young master Chu Feng?” Looking at Chu Feng, Zhang revealed a different face.When Chu Feng left the Chu family, he was only a child that was 10 years old. There was a huge change with 5 years, but Zhang still vaguely recognized Chu Feng.“That’s me.” Chu Feng smiled and nodded.“Young master Chu Feng. Fierce Beasts appeared in the ore mine behind the mountain.” Zhang said in panic.“Fierce Beasts?” Chu Feng’s heart tightened, and he ran with flying speed to the back mountain without even thinking.The ore mine behind the Chu family’s mountain was a very important source of income for the Chu family. But, the miners in the ore mine were mostly ordinary citizens. Even if there were people that knew a bit of martial arts, their power was very low.Fierce Beasts. Chu Feng had saw them before. Even if it was the weakest rank 1 Fierce Beast, those miners could not take care of them. Chu Feng didn’t even want to think what would happen if the miners met the Fierce Beasts.But just after Chu Feng left, the corners of Zhang curled up into a smile as his conspiracy prevailed.“Uncle Zhang, thanks for your work.” Before Chu Feng left for long, Chu Xun walked over and gave Zhang some silvers.“Hehe, just doing what I should.” Zhang took the silvers and said, “Young master Chu Xun. The Fierce Beasts were always in deep parts behind the mountain. How did you get them near the mines?”“That’s a secret.”“Young master Chu Xun, that’s really a good method. But, those Fierce Beasts seemed to gather more and more, and they were more and more terrifying as they came. I think that we should quickly go over.” Zhang’s hairs stood up straight as he thought about the Fierce Beasts that he saw near the mines.“What is there to be afraid of? The strongest ones would not pass rank 3, and Chu Feng did train in the Azure Dragon School for 5 years. If he can’t even take care of a few Fierce Beasts then he’s better off dead.”Chu Xun coldly snorted. The reason why he did all that work was to make Chu Feng suffer a bit. How could he go and save him?“But, young master Chu Xun, if something really happens to Chu Feng and if Mr. Chu Yuan investigates it, then I’m afraid that it won’t be too good.” Zhang was still a bit worried.“Fine. We’ll go and take a look.” After some thought, Chu Xun felt that Zhang was not incorrect. If Chu Feng died, then he died. But if Chu Yuan found out that Chu Feng’s death was related to him, then that would not be good.As Chu Xun and Zhang entered the back mountain and before even arriving at the mines, they discovered that Chu Feng was surrounded by a huge group of miners and they were walking towards the two. The miners were even carrying some huge monsters. With a closer look, they were Fierce Beasts.