MGA: Chapter 120 - Su Mei's Fiancé“What happened? Why is Chu Feng still not back yet!”In a certain area in the plaza, Su Mei tightly frowned. Her eyes swept everywhere as she tried to find Chu Feng.“Don’t worry. With his cultivation, as long as he doesn’t enter that area, he would not have any troubles within the Ghost Horn Forest. I’m sure that he’s a bit too greedy, and for better achievements, he must still be hunting Ghost Horn Beasts.”Su Rou stood next to Su Mei while wearing a white skirt. She stood up elegantly and every single frown or smile could hook one’s soul. She was extremely attracting. No matter where the sisters went, they would become the focal point of everyone’s eyes. They would move the males’ heart and cause jealousy for the females.“Sister Su Rou, Mei'er, long time no see!”An extremely magnetic voice rang out and a very handsome, beautiful young man walked over. He was holding a fan in his hand and waved in front of his chest. He could really be said to be elegant and graceful. Countless females on scene shot a sidewards glance then cried in surprise.The reason why he had so much attention not only was because he was handsome, his clothing that he wore was the clothing for Lingyun School’s core disciples. He was also a disciple of the #1 school in the Azure Province, the “Lingyun School”. His cultivation already entered the 8th level of the Origin realm.“So it’s Shangguan Ya. Did you also return for the New Excellence Assembly?” After seeing that person, Su Rou’s eyes narrowed as she politely smiled to him.The Shangguan family was quite important in the Vermilion Bird City. Although the current Vermilion Bird City was controlled by the Su family, the power of the Shangguan family was not too much weaker than the Su family. This Shangguan Ya was the representative in the Shangguan family’s young generation and he was the hiddenly approved successor of the Shangguan family.“What’s so interesting about this New Excellence Assembly? It’s just a group of ‘wine sack and food bags’ chosen from second-rate cities.”“If the capable people from the Vermilion Bird City joined, not to mention the top 10, the people from the second-rate cities could not even enter the top 100. All of the spots would certainly be taken by the people from the Vermilion Bird City.” Shangguan Ya swung his foldable fan and he had plenty of arrogance.“This is the New Excellence Assembly. You are already 19 years old right now so even if they let you join, you would not even be qualified.” Su Mei shot him a glance and obviously, she did not like this Shangguan Ya.To Su Mei’s words, not only did Shangguan Ya not get angry, he even faintly smiled, “Mei'er, how can you say those words to your future husband?”“Ha! You aren’t even my fiancé. I never acknowledged this marriage so you better pay attention to how you speak. Don’t call me Mei'er. I dislike being disgusted.” Su Mei fiercely glared at him then quickly walked away, as if not willing to stand with that person.“Sister Su Rou, Mei'er is too fierce. However, since she is my fiancée, I don’t mind her speaking to me like that. But, it just lets others see us as a joke.” Shangguan Ya had an expression of being wronged as he complained about his hardships to Su Rou.“Ho...” After hearing his words, Su Rou first charmingly smiled, then she said, “Since you know that she has an aggressive temper, don’t say those things to her anymore. After all, she is still young and her temper is fairly normal. You should forgive her a bit.”“Although you two already have an arranged marriage, you should move her more sincerely. Or else, even if you get the body, you can’t get the heart. It will not be good for both you and her.”“As an elder sister, although I won’t betray my father’s meanings, I won’t let little Mei go marry a person that she does not love.”“So, even if you have an arranged marriage, you need her to heartfeltly love you or else even if it’s me, I will not agree on the marriage.” After saying that, Su Rou chased after Su Mei.The smile on Shangguan Ya’s mouth instantly retracted and a chilly gaze appeared in his eyes. He coldly said, “Those I want to have, I will have. No one should even think of stopping me!”Just at that time, almost all the participants of the New Excellence Assembly returned. The host of the New Excellence Assembly chose the top 10 people who hunted the most Ghost Horn Beasts.All 10 of them were disciples of first-rate schools and all of them were core disciples. The Wan Wenpeng from the Golden-purple City was ranked 10th, whereas the Lingyun School disciple, Chen Wanxi, was ranked 2nd.As for the 1st, it was a young man who came from the Wind Cloud City. The Wind Cloud City could be said to be the strongest city within second-rate cities. The Wind Cloud City would get 1st in the New Excellence Assembly every year.The young man representing the Wind Cloud City was also impressive. He was also a disciple from the Lingyun School and his cultivation was also at the 2nd level of the Origin realm, being the same as Chen Wanxi.However, the atmosphere that he gave out was completely different. Although no one could say what wasn’t right, the general feeling was that he seemed to be stronger than Chen Wanxi.It was because in the Ghost Horn Beast hunt, although Chen Wanxi killed 203 beasts, the young man killed 415 beasts. It was almost double what Chen Wanxi had.“It’s almost time. Everyone, please go on the stages.” The host spoke.“Wait.” But just at that time, Su Mei walked over.“Third lady, what’s the matter?” The host was very respectful towards Su Mei.“There’s still one more person that did not hand in their prey. How can it be started like this?” Su Mei had a very displeased attitude.“Is there another person?” The host cast his gaze towards the guard who counted up the achievements.“Eh...” Seeing that, the guard quickly flipped through the book in his hands. After looking at it in detail, he said loudly, “There is indeed one more person who did not hand in their results.”“Who?” The host asked.“Chu Feng, from Golden-purple City, core disciple of the second-rate school, the Azure Dragon School, and has a cultivation of the 8th level of the Spirit realm.” The guard loudly said.“Hu~~~”When those words came out, a commotion rose outside and inside of the plaza. Not to mention being a disciple from a second-rate school, he was only at the 8th level of the spirit realm. He simply had the worst cultivation and status within everyone who participated. Everyone felt that there was no need to wait for that kind of person.“Third lady, even if that person handed in their results, I’m afraid that he could not enter the top 10. I see that there’s no need to wait right?” Seeing the people’s reactions, the host was clearly in a difficult position.“How do you know he cannot enter the top 10?!” Su Mei curled her lips and her attitude became fiercer.“This...” The host’s face turned ashen and he was very speechless. He really did not dare to offend that third lady.“Let’s just follow the rules. Since time is not up yet, wait. If the time is up and he still hasn’t come, it’s not late to start then.” Su Rou walked over.“As you wish, second lady!” Seeing that, the host nodded. Compared to Su Mei’s savageness and unruliness, Su Rou had some more prestige in the Vermilion Bird City.Although it was only waiting, the people inside and outside of the plaza were discontented. They felt that there was no need to wait for a person like that. However, seeing that the time was almost up, they still chose to wait.As for the 10 people who were ranked as the top 10, they were even more leisure and at ease. Their hearts were focused on one another and they did not even put Chu Feng in their eyes. They felt that it was a waste to wait for Chu Feng.“Sorry everyone, I’m late!”Just as the crowd were boiling up, a thin and small figure squeezed himself out from the crowd and entered the middle of the plaza. Chu Feng finally arrived!