MGA: Chapter 24 – Do You Dare To Marry Me?“You seem to really understand this Spirit power?”Chu Feng’s heart tightened. He just started using the so-called Spirit power so he didn’t understand it too much.But he also knew that it was likely true when the girl said there weren’t even one within 10 thousand that had the Spirit power. It was very obvious that this extremely talented girl didn’t have it.In addition, her treatment towards him turned 180 degrees, showing that this Spirit power was quite an impressive thing which ordinary people did not have.“But of course. The Spirit power is the favour of the heavens, it is brought by nature and unobtainable by cultivation.”“Those who have Spirit power can be said to be a dragon within men. Not only would their cultivating talent be extremely strong, their observation would be unrivaled. No wonder my elder sister looked at you and asked our Wings Alliance to invite you.”“Your elder sister?”“I forgot about the self-introductions. I am called Su Mei, 14 years old. And you certainly know my elder sister. She is called Su Rou.”“You are Elder Su Rou’s sister?” Chu Feng did not expect that. The girl in front of him was pure and sweet, but that Su Rou was extremely charming. Although the two of them were very beautiful woman, they were not similar.But after some more precise looking, Chu Feng found out that the girl in front of him looked a tiny bit like Su Rou. Right now, the girl was still a bit young, but in a few years she would certainly be a stunning beauty.What surprised Chu Feng was that he was not related to Su Rou in anyway, so why did Su Rou try to pull him into the Wings Alliance for no reason? Was it that his strength was already exposed on the day of the exam?After some more careful thing, there was that possibility. After all, Su Rou’s strength was unmeasurably deep and there were layers of mechanisms in the underground palace. He may have been able to deceive the disciples, but to deceive the elders would really have quite some difficulty.“Is it so surprising? But there’s actually nothing that surprising. My sister saw that you were a talented person so she wanted to develop you a bit.”“From my observations, you do have the qualifications to join the Wings Alliance. As one of the members of the Wings Alliance, I hereby officially invite you to join.” Speaking to that point, Su Mei squinted her eyes and gave Chu Feng an incomparably sweet, clean, pure smile.At first, Su Mei extremely disliked Chu Feng, and the reason was obviously because Chu Feng refused the invitation of the Wings Alliance. Chu Feng was the first ever person in history to refuse the invitation of the Wings Alliance.But knowing that Chu Feng had the extremely rare Spirit power, she also knew that the place that Su Rou had her eyes on were naturally the Spirit power.From what she knew, in the entire outer court, not one person had the Spirit power and it was just like a legend.In short, any person that had the Spirit power would have unlimited accomplishments in the future and were destined to be an extremely strong person. So, to a person like Chu Feng, she obviously could not let him go and did everything she could to attract him.Seeing Su Mei’s sweet smile, Chu Feng knew that the girl wanted to pull him in the alliance with her looks. It was impossible for Chu Feng’s heart to not be moved in front of such a beauty, so he smiled at first, but then firmly said, “I refuse.”“You bastard.” Hearing Chu Feng’s words, Su Mei was so angry that she jumped up. The previous gentleness instantly disappeared and she bit her teeth in anger while pointing at Chu Feng while angrily saying,“Chu Feng, who do you think you are? How many people wish to join in the Wings Alliance yet are refused by us? Today I personally invite you yet you still refused. Is your brain wedged by a door?”“So what if you have the Spirit power? At the end you’re just at the 5th level of the Spirit realm. It’s not even comparable to the people in the Wings Alliance.”Facing Su Mei’s fierce cursing, Chu Feng did not get agitated nor angry and completely ignored her. He continued picking the Saint Spirit Grasses on the floor, and the ones he could pick up he did. Suddenly he had a blank look.He discovered with astonishment at a not so distant place, a purple bead appeared. That bead was the same size as a pearl, but it contained extremely strong spiritual energy.“What’s this?” Chu Feng picked up the bead and carefully assessed it.“Waa, is it? It’s a Spiritual Bead!” Seeing that purple shiny bead, Su Mei hurriedly ran over and her eyes were lit up.“You recognize this thing?” Chu Feng asked curiously.“Of course I do. It’s the top quality spiritual medicine, the Spiritual Bead.”“From several hundred Saint Spirit Grasses, only one would form into a Spiritual Bead. You cannot refine the Spiritual Bead, but if you directly swallow it, it would form into spiritual energy and be absorbed by the dantian. That’s why the Spiritual Bead is extremely precious. The price of one of them is equivalent to 100 taels of gold.”“I’ve been wandering around the inner-circle of the Spiritual Medicine Mountain for all these days just for this Spiritual Bead. I never would have thought that I would get it before leaving. I’m too fortunate.” Su Mei said emotionally.“So this thing is a top quality spiritual medicine that doesn’t require refining. It is indeed a good thing.” Chu Feng chuckled and didn’t put the bead in the bag. Rather, he put it in his own pocket.“You want to keep it to yourself?!” Seeing that, Su Mei angrily yelled.“Of course not, in a while, I’ll give you a few more Saint Spirit Grasses.”“These Saint Spirit Grasses were originally mine, and it’s already pretty good that I’m willing to give you half. In any case, the Saint Spirit Grass are only high quality spiritual medicine. How could they even compare to the top quality Spiritual Bead?”“You can’t say it like that. If it wasn’t for me, then you would have already been divided into two by those Saint Spirit Grasses. How could you even be standing here and be dividing these Saint Spirit Grasses with me?”“You…”Su Mei tightly bit her teeth in anger, yet she was helpless. Although Chu Feng’s actions were very scoundrelly, she still wanted to get Chu Feng into the Wings Alliance, so she could only endure.After that, Chu Feng counted a bit, and except for the Spiritual Bead in his pocket, he gathered a total of 78 Saint Spirit Grasses. It was absolutely an unimaginable number. Also, the spiritual energy contained in these Saint Spirit Grasses were very rich. They were very high quality, and they were a lot better than the ones Chu Feng refined before.Chu Feng only took 30 and left 48 for Su Mei. He could feel that the spiritual energy in his pocket were equivalent to at least 50 Saint Spirit Grasses. So even if it was divided up like this he still gained a lot.But Chu Feng did not expect that Su Mei only took 40, and with that, Chu Feng had 38. Su Mei’s meaning was very clear. She was cursing Chu Feng to be “3-8″.Chu Feng could only call her actions as childish. Giving up 8 Saint Spirit Grasses for cursing was really something a wasteful person would do as the price of one Saint Spirit Grass was equal to one tael of gold.One tael of gold was equal to 100 taels of silver. It was enough for an ordinary family to pass their lives without worries for clothing or food.“Girl, what are you following me for? You didn’t fall for me did you?”After dividing the Saint Spirit Grasses, Chu Feng decided to leave the Spiritual Medicine Mountain. The 10 days were up, and they needed to leave the inner-circle before the sky turned dark. But, Chu Feng did not expect that Su Mei would be following him.To be honest, having such a beautiful person that walked with him was a very satisfactory thing. But, as they walked, they met a lot of people.When all sorts of gazes of hate were cast towards Chu Feng, he didn’t feel easy. He felt that Su Mei was intentionally bringing hatred towards him.“I have indeed fallen for you. Do you dare to marry me?” But when Su Mei said those words while laughing, Chu Feng was instantly in chaos.