Wushan Town, the first mountain in mainland Magnolia ‘Warcraft’, a common town in the Kingdom of Finlay in the WestAs Chaoyang rises, the small town of Wushan still has the chilly atmosphere of the morning. However, almost all the residents in the town have already started to work. Even the 6-year-old children are almost getting up. Traditional morning exercisesIn the open space on the eastern side of Wushan Town, the warm morning sunlight passes through the big tree beside the vacant land, leaving mottled light spots on the open ground.I saw a large group of children. Visually estimating that there were almost one or two hundredThe children are divided into three teams. Each team is in a row. The children are standing quietly on the open ground. They look serious.Children from the most northerly team in this group of children are about 6 to 8 years oldThe middle group is almost 9 to 12 years old, and the south is a group of 13 to 16 year olds.In front of this large group of children, there are three strong middle-aged people. Three middle-aged people wear short vests and trousers."To become a great warrior, you must work hard from childhood.The middle-aged man headed by his shoulders, holding his head in his head, said coldly that the stern gaze swept over towards the northernmost team. The six and seven-year-old children were covering their mouths and eyes Even staring at this middle-aged man, he dared not speak outThe middle-aged man named Hillman is the captain of the guard team of the owner of the Baruch family in Wushan Town.“You are all ordinary people, and you cannot have as much savage code cultivation as those nobles. If you want to come out ahead and want to avoid being looked down on in the future, you must exercise according to the oldest, simplest and most basic method. Exercise, fight, understand, no!” Hillman glanced at the children"understandA group of teenagers yelled loudly"wellHillman nodded with satisfaction and indifference. Most of those six-year-olds had ambiguous eyes, and those teenagers had a firm look because they understood what Hillman meant.Almost every man in the Magnolia continent needs to work hard since he was young. If anyone does not train hard, he will be despised in the future! Representing the status of a man is strength and money! A man who has no strength is a woman who will also look down uponWant to be proud of parents, want girls to worship, want the future scenery! It must be a great warrior! They are all civilians, and it is impossible to practice those valuable tactics. The only way they can do is to exercise and fight for strength! hard working! More energy than those aristocrats spend more effort to work hard! "In the morning, the rising sun rises and everything is alive.At this moment, it is the essence that absorbs the essence of heaven and earth. The best time to improve our physical potential is the old rule. Legs are separated and shoulder width apart. The knees are slightly bent and the hands are collected at the waist position. At the time, remember to 'focus, keep calm in mind, breathe naturally'Hillman said coldlyThe Qiyun style is the simplest and most effective way to exercise, and this is the experience accumulated by our ancestors for countless years.One or two hundred children suddenly became compliant with the requirements of the ‘Yi style’ posture."Remember, focus, calm in mind, breathe natural!" Hillman walked in the youth group and said coldly.At first glance, it is clear that the teenagers of the teenagers on the south are calm and breathless.At the same time, they all achieved ‘deep, flat, steady’Obviously there have been some achievements in the ‘Yi style’But look at the six-year-old children in the north. The degree of knee-bending is different. The legs are loose and loose. Obviously there is no power. It is not stable at all.Hillman said to the other two middle-aged people: "You are responsible for the two teams in the south and the center. I manage the children."" Yes, captain"The two middle-aged people were immediately ready to go. Then the two men carefully looked at the two teams in the center and the south, and sometimes kicked the juveniles' legs to see if they were stable enough."And Hillman went to the group of six- and seven-year-old children to the north. The children immediately became nervous."Not good, the devil is coming"A big-eyed blond kid called ‘Hadley’ whisperedHillman stepped into the middle of this group of children and looked at these children. Hillman was indifferent in his face, but he sighed in his heart: “These children are too small, neither physical nor mentally sufficient for them. The request cannot be too highHowever, physical training, or training from a young age, serious training, the opportunity to live on the battlefield in the future can be greater"Teaching children ... Inducing them and attracting them is the most effective way! Forces can only be counterproductive!"Hillman coldlySuddenly one child stood up and looked aheadHillman's lips raised a hint of laughter, and then went to the front, took off his body vest, the muscle lines of the body so that the children one by one widened their eyes, even the central and southern teenagers are also envious Looking at the muscles of HillmanIn addition to the nearly perfect muscle lines, Hillman’s bare upper body had knife marks, scars, and dozens of scars. All the children looked at those scars with eyes open.Knife marks, sword marks, this is a man's medal! Their heart is very much admired for Hillman.Hillman, a great six-level warrior, a warrior who has been honed in life and death! It is also an important person in big cities.In Wushan Town, it is a great person who admires everyone.Hillman sees the children's hot eyes, his mouth could not help but smileHe just wanted these children to have an adoration and desireIn this way they will work harder and more motivated! "Add another fire"Silman smiled heart, and then walked in front of a giant stone lock, this stone lock has three or four hundred poundsWhen Hillman grabbed the stone lock with one hand, he started swinging very easily. The three or four hundred pounds of stone locks were in the hands of Hillman like wood.The children are wide-eyed and open-mouthed"It's too light, Lori, and there's time after training. You're going to do a few bigger stone locks.Hillman readily took a stone lock and stone locks flew more than ten meters. "Peng! "After falling heavily next to a big tree, the ground was shockedThen Hillman walked up to a group of rocks"Hell!" Hillman took a deep breath and his whole body muscles were more visible than visible. Hillman punched one of the cyan stones and punched his fists through the air, beside the sharp whistling sound. Children don’t botherI saw Hillman's big fist on the huge bluestone"Pang!" The heavy and deep crush of the fist and bluestone makes all children's hearts jumpThat is hard bluestoneI saw that there were seventy-eight rifts under the bluestone vibrations. Eventually, the “Peng” was torn apart, and Hillman’s fists had no scars."The captain is still so terribleLuo Rui, one of the other two middle-aged people, said with a smile and walked towards Hillman at the same time.Another middle-aged man, Roger, came overIn general, when the children are practicing the qi style, it is the time for the three mentors to easily chat. They may also notice that the children are not lazy.Hillman smiled and shook his head. "No, when I was in the army, I was desperately trying every day to fight bloody battles on the battlefield. Now, it's the most loose bones every day. It's not so full of youth."All the children watched Hillman adoringlyThe huge bluestone actually smashed into a fistWhat is this strength? The stone locks of three or four hundred kilograms are actually arbitrarily waving. What strength is this? Hillman turned and looked at the children's gaze. The heart was very satisfied with the children's reaction."You remember that even if you do not rely on vindictiveness, simple exercise ** reaches its limit, and it is theoretically possible to become a sixth-level warrior! A sixth-level fighter can easily become an intermediate officer in the army and can easily gain access to the military. Violent Practice! Even if you don't become a Sixth-Fighter, you just have to become the most common First Class Fighter and you are eligible to join the army. Remember, a man who is not even a Class Fighter can't be a man! Then, he's not a man!" Hill Man face cold"A man, you should stand up and listen to any challenge. Don't be afraid!" Hearing this sentence, those six-year-old children could not help but have a smile on their faces. One by one they couldn't help but laugh. The words are Hillman's mantra, which is what Hillman taught children to say often."You stand firm one by one and look at the brothers to the south and see how they stand?" Hillman scoldedThose six-year-old children immediately strive to stand firm one by oneAfter a while, those six-year-old children wobbled, and all the children felt the pain in their legs. They only insisted on holding their teeth and insisted that they wouldn't stay for a while, and all the children would sit on their knees. On the groundHillman's face was still cold, but he only secretly nodded in his heart. The performance of these six-year-old children was still very satisfactory to him.Not long after, the group of children around the age of ten in the Central City could not resist anymore. They sat down one by one."How long you can hold on will persist for a long time. I won't ask you hard. It's just that you will be inferior to people and you will blame yourself.Hillman said coldly"Look?" Lori suddenly surprised to see the north side of the teamAt the moment, the children of the central team’s ten-year-old team all had a lot of fallen knees and they sat on the ground, and the north team had a six-year-old child insisting on"LEI is the first time to exercise today, even so amazing!" Lori surprised said, next to Roger, Hillman also noticed, Hillman also looked over there, only one of the North team at the moment The brown-haired little boy insisted, the little boy licked his lips, looked firmly in front, his fists clasped tightly, and the fingers were whiter.A beam of surprise in Hillman's eyes“Good boy!” Hillman sighed with praise. At the age of six, he was able to catch up with his 10-year-old child on the ‘Yi style’ level. This qualification is evident in his eyes.Lin Lei, the full name of Lin Lei & Baruch, the eldest son of the Baruch family owned by the entire town of WushanThe Baruch family is a very old family, once very prosperous, but inherited for thousands of years, and now there are only three members of the entire family, the patriarch Hogg & Baruch and two sons.His eldest son, Lin Lei & Baruch, only six years old this yearAnd the youngest son Wharton & Baruch, only two years oldAs for the baruch family's mistress, she died after she gave birth to her youngest son.Lei's grandfather lost his life in the war in the armyLEI's legs trembled. Even if he was determined to be firm, but the muscles of the extreme pain were not controlled by him, he finally fell to the ground and sat down."How do you feel, lei?" hillman came over with a smileLei grinned, showing a small tiger teeth: "Nothing, Uncle HillmanHillman is the captain of the Baruch family escort, who grew up watching lei grow up.The relationship between the two is naturally close"It's kind of like a manHillman touched lei's head and suddenly let lei's hair messy like straw“嘿嘿Lei grinned, he was very pleased with Hillman's praise... After taking a rest, I started training again.Six-year-old children have a lot less trainingAnd those teenage teenagers are terribly trained.I saw this group of teenagers, including the children, each with their heads and feet resting on flat stones. The whole body was vacant, relying solely on the strength of the waist."Waist, ankle, this triangular area"Silman's hands are in a position on the abdomen." This area is the center of the entire human body. Whether it is speed or power, the core is the triangular area. This core triangle area is very important."Sillman said to her mouth, and kept walking, carefully observing each teenager's actions"Stay up, don't hang down at the waist!" Hillman drankImmediately afterwards, many youngsters' waists immediately tried to stand on the top. lei was doing this for the first time today. His small head and feet were placed on two flat stones.However, at this time, lei has felt the lumbar fever"Persist, insist, I'm the bestLei encouraged himselfLei's physical fitness is very good since childhood, almost no illnessWith great perseverance, excellent performance is not what"Push!" The first child fell down<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>But it's a flat stone for pillows and feet. It's only about twenty centimeters tall and the child doesn't fall What will hurt(Magnolia mainland alchemists have developed a length unit of ‘1 meter = 10 decimetres = 100 centimeters = 1000 millimeters’) “Push!” “Push!”... As time goes on, each child can't keep upLei teeth tightly bite, he clearly felt his waist has sore to the limit, almost no consciousness: "My body is too heavy, can not hold it, insist, and then insist for a while"At this time, the team aged six to eight years old only has lei one person insisting on it.Hillman saw lei, his eyes could not help but be surprised and satisfied with the colorLoriHillman drank sharply"team leader"Luo Rui immediately stood up straight, waiting for the orderHillman ordered: "Tomorrow you prepare some dyes. When they are training for the waist, each person puts a branch under the waist and puts dye on the branches.If anyone relaxes, the waist meets the branch, the body is dyed, and the training task is doubled."" Yes, captain"Lorry answered in a loud voice, but the corners of his mouth couldn't help but he smiled." The captain's ghost idea is really enough, those guys are going to be miserable."Aren't they? Those teenage teenagers have a bitter face and they usually can lazy with tiny movements. But once Hillman does this, they will not be lazy."Hillman continued to speak coldly: "I can tell you that after a soldier practices vindictiveness, the position of vindictive storage is about a fist or so below the navel.You should be able to understand that this is also in the core triangle areaYou should now understand the importance of exercising in the core triangle region! Here is the core, once it is not here, it is useless to exercise in other locations"A good teacher is very important to children.And Hillman is a great warrior. He knows the emphasis of exercise. He knows step by step. He knows what age children should reach for training.If the degree is too great, it may cause the child to resist"Plage?" Heard the word, those teenagers, and the children resting on the side all stared at Hillman.For the grudge, those civilian children are very much looking forward to, that is, lei, the son of a declining aristocrat is also very yearning for vindictiveness"Push!" lei finally could not resist themselves, but he still used his arm to support the ground and slowly fell"**!" lei felt his sore waist to rest when there is a feeling of hemp, the kind of feeling penetrated deep in the muscles, as if deep into the bones, comfortable lei have slightly narrowed their eyes"I was the first to fall?" lei suddenly opened his eyes and looked aroundThe children of the 6-year-old and 8-year-old teams all fell, and the children of the central government’s ten-year-old fell by half, but those fourteen-year-olds were still holding on.And Hillman still said with a cold face and said, "You must remember that the body is like a container and a wine glass.And vindictiveness is like wine! How much wine a glass can hold, depending on the size of the glassSimilarly... The ultimate achievement of a person’s temperament depends on his/her degree of exercise.If ** is too weak, even if there is a powerful code of compulsion, he will not be able to withstand much vindictiveness and become a powerful warrior.Hillman tells these children about many important messagesMany fighters did not understand the relationship between physical strength and vindictiveness until later in the youth because they were not taught.But when they are too old, they have no effect on physical activity.Many seniors have learned many experiences accumulated in detours. Hillman has quietly carved these important experiences into the minds of this group of children in his repeated teachings.Hillman doesn't want these children to take another detour...... After experiencing the ‘Yi style’, waist, legs, shoulders, back... After all the body's coordinated exercises, almost all the children are sitting on the floor.Hillman's training level is very suitable"Today morning exercise, this concludesHillman announcedThe training in Wushan Town is regular, divided twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening."Uncle Hillman, tell us stories"After the dissolution, the children immediately shouted. Every morning, Hillman will tell these children about the stories that occurred in the military or other places on the mainland.Children growing up in the town grew up eager for the outside world and for the military.Hillman smiled a bit, and telling stories for the children was also a way he came up and made the children feel full of training motivation. Hillman always believed that only if the children actively eager to want to cultivate, the children's achievements Will be high“Today, I will tell you about the four ultimate warriors in the legends of the entire mainland!” Hillman also has a touch of color of worship.The children’s ears are old and their eyes are bright.Lei also sat on the ground felt his heart slammed: "Four legendary ultimate fighters?" lei could not stand upright, stubbornly watching HillmanHillman’s eyes were agitated and his voice was still steady: “On our continent, there have been four ultimate fighters thousands of years ago. These four ultimate fighters have strength comparable to that of dragons. They can One person is rampant among the millions of soldiers and can easily take the enemy and head! These four ultimate warriors are the Dragon Blood Warrior, the Purple Flame Warrior, the Tiger Warrior Warrior and the Immortal Warrior!" "The Warrior is divided into nine levels, I, only one Sixth-level fighters can easily smash boulder and kick big trees! The nine-level fighters are in our Kingdom of Finlay, and I am afraid that they are also the first strongest players.Above the 9th level warriors, they are the 4 ultimate fighters. They surpass the 9th level warriors and are at the peak of the warriors. They belong to the legendary Holy Powers! "Silman's eyes are full of guilt." The legendary strong Sanctuary can melt the immense iceberg, anger and snarl the endless sea, collapse the towering mountains, and destroy the city with millions of people. Let the sky drop endless stone! They are invincible existence, supreme existence"Silence, all children are scaredHillman points to the mountain to the northeast"You see that Osan, isn't it great?" Hillman said with a smile.Those who have heard so many of Hillman's just now are scared.Nodding nods at this momentWushan is a kilometer high and has a length of several kilometers. In the eyes of humans, it is indeed a monster."But this Osan, the strong sacred people can destroy it in the blink of an eyeHillman said with certaintySixth-grade fighters can destroy a huge rock at one stroke, while the strong sanctuary can destroy a big mountain.This made all the children grow up with their mouths and eyes wide open. They were all thrilled in their hearts, and they involuntarily feared the sanctuary in the depths of their hearts. They were also filled with anticipation and longing."Ruin a mountain?" Hillman's words are very big for lei's shaking.After a long time, a group of children went back with a shock, and Hillman, Lori, and Roger were the last to go.Seeing this large group of children leaving in groups, Hillman smiled“The children are the hope of our future in Wushan TownHillman said with a smileLuo Rui and Roger also watched this group of children. The civilian children in almost every place on the mainland have been working hard since childhood.Seeing these children, Lori and Roger also seemed to see their own childhood and teenage years."Captain Hillman, you are much more powerful than the old Potter of that year. Under your cultivation, we believe that Wushan Town will become the most powerful town in the surrounding dozen towns.Luo Rui said with a sighThe strength of the instructor determines the future of a place"Yes, captain, how do you know the strong sanctuary, the four ultimate warriors are so powerful?" Luo Rui asked curiouslyHillman was embarrassed and smiled: "This is actually how powerful the four ultimate fighters are. I don't know.After all, they are legendary figures.How many years have not seen it?"" You do not know, but also deceive children? Rory and Roger are speechlessHillman smiled slightly: "Although the four ultimate warriors are not very clear, but I know... The Holy Mage, is the magician who reaches the sanctuary.They can display taboo magic, destroy hundreds of thousands of troops, and destroy a citySacred magician is so powerful, it is estimated that Sacred Warriors, but also not much difference"Not to mention these things with children is to make them more motivatedDidn’t you see the kind of embarrassing expression that the children heard after the story? Hillman proudly laughedLuo Rui, Roger can only speechless... "Ray, goodbye."" Hadley, goodbyeAfter saying good-bye to his good friend ‘Hadley’, lei walked alone towards his house and after a while he saw the house of the Baruch family.The house of the Baruch family covers an extremely wide area. There are mosses, creepers and other plants on the walls of the courtyard.The wall of the courtyard is full of traces of yearsThe Baruch family house in Wushan Town is the ancestral home of the Baruch family.A ancestral home that has lasted for 5000 years has undergone constant repairs for thousands of years and is still standing here today.Only with the decline of the family, the economic situation of the Baruch family is also deteriorating. In the end, the Baruch family’s contemporary patriarch decided that the whole family members only lived in the entire house. An area of ​​the front yard, as for the backyard, etc., no longer repair maintenanceThis saves a lot of moneyEven so, nowadays, lei's father, Hogg & Baruch, needs to regularly sell some of the family's items to maintain the home.The tall gate of the mansion opens"Sacred Warrior?" lei while walking, thinking, "Can I be a holy warrior in the future?" "LeiHillman's voice rang from behind, Hillman, Lori, and Roger, who were the last to go, caught up at the moment.Lei looked round and immediately pleased: "Uncle Hillman!" Then lei took a deep breath, looked up at Hillman, and enthralled and expectantly asked: "Uncle Hillman, you say the sanctuary So powerful? Then I, is it possible to become a sacred warrior?" lei's heart, like most children longing forHillman is surprised, next to Luo Rui, Roger is also a burst of worrySacred warrior? “The children are really dare to think about it. There are tens of millions of inhabitants in the entire Kingdom of Finlay. Even so, there has not been a strong sanctuary for hundreds of years.Want to be a strong sacred man..." Hillman knew very well that it was difficult for him to become a strong sacred man.It is the need to work hard from childhood. It also requires family training. It requires personal talent. It also needs opportunities...etc. A strong sacred person is so easy to become.Hillman knew very well how much he had eaten in order to become a sixth-level soldier and how many times he had been between life and death.Sixth-grade fighters are so hard, let alone the seventh, eighth, and nine levels.Hillman wouldn't think about it when he dreamedHowever, facing the eager eyes of lei"LEI, Uncle Hillman believes in you, you must be a sage warriorHillman stared at the lei and said firmly that Hillman's words of encouragement made lei's eyes light up at once. lei's heart was also rising. The eagerness is unprecedented! "Uncle Hillman Can I train with the Central team tomorrow? Lei suddenly saidHillman, Lori, Roger could not help but be surprised to see lei“Father adults have said that if you want to become a superior, you must pay more than you do.Lei can't help imitating his father's toneHillman suddenly laughed, and today he saw lei's training. Although lei is only six years old, but the physical quality is catching up with the nine-year-old child, immediately nodded and smiled and said: "Well, but then you can Don’t back down. You know, this is not a day or two.Lei ran up a small head and smiled confidently: "Uncle Hillman, you look at it“This is a very ordinary morning in Wushan Town. It is the same every day after that. A group of children in Wushan Town continue to train hard under the guidance of the sixth-level soldier “Hillman”.The only difference from the past is that only six-year-old lei was assigned to a team of children of about ten years old.