"Kill lei?" Bernard looked at his son, "Ka Lan, why kill this lei, he is just a stone master, has an impact on my Debus family?" lei became a seven-level double magician The news did not spread among the cities of Saint-Finlay, plus that Bernard had been bothered by his family's affairs during this time, so Bernard did not know the information about lei at all.Card Blue nodded and said: "Father, this lei was only 17 years old this year, but he has carved a master level of stone carvingThe most important thing is that... He is still the first magic genius of the Magnolia mainland. He is also the second genius of history in the history of Magnolia mainland. Because he was only 17 years old this year, he is already a seven-level double magician."" 17-year-old double magician? Bernard took a cold breath and felt his lei's threat to his family with his intuition."This lei can not stayBernard said directlyKaran heard his father say so, his face could not help but have a smileHowever, Bernard wrinkled his eyebrows only for a moment: "No, this is the second magic genius in history. Afterwards, the magical achievements will certainly be astonishing.This kind of figure, the Holy See, the Holy See, the four empireMaybe, the current lei has already had a relationship with the Holy See."" card blue, this lei, can not killBernard looked at Card Blue and said seriously"Father, he is only a seven-level double magician now."Card blue face eager, and suddenly the card blue voice lowered his voice," father, killing that lei do not need us hands-on, we can pay peopleJust like the original court ministerBernard pondered for a moment: "Card Blue, you don't have to deal with this matter, everything I have to deal with"This Bernard does not say whether or not to kill lei, which makes it hard to calm down.****** In the night, Bernard came to the hotel's pre-ordered nice room, and there was a white bearded old man in the room.“Mr. Bernard"The old man with white beard saw Bernard and could not help but say hello with a smile."Bernard nodded. "Mr. Bayonet, come to see you this time and would like to ask you two things."" Say, all old customers"The old man with white beard still smilesBernard said directly: "Two thingsIn the first case, I hope you can destroy the Dream Wake that is being exhibited at the Prussian Pavilion.Bernard also knowsIt's almost impossible to get the stone dream 'wake up' from the Prouks Hall.And destroy itThe difficulty is reduced a lot"Stone Carving' Wake up 'to destroy it?'"What, you guys can't even do it with this army knife organization?" Bernard said with a chuckle.The four major killer organizations in the Magnolia mainland have their own unique places, and the strength of the 'saber' organization is extremely powerful.As long as there are enough coins, they even dare to assassinate the Red Cardinals.Of course, if you want to assassinate the sanctuary, it is too difficult."It's difficultAre you afraid to offend Prouks Hall? Bernard had some doubts"Do notOf course we don't care about a Proux Hall. Let's start with the following.The old man with white beard suddenly saidWhat the killer organization is doing is offensiveEven the Guangming Holy See, they dare to offend, what else can not be done?Bernard held back his doubts: "The second thing, I hope you can kill lei.The old man with white beard finally laughedShaking his head against Bernard: "Mr Bernard, forgive us for not accepting your two tasks. I am really sorry."" Do not accept? "Bernard suddenly stood up, incredible looking at the old man with white beard," Mr. Bayonet, I know your strength, when do you dare to accept this little task? Bernard couldn’t believe what would be the result of coming in.After all, the other four empire ministers, archbishops and other figures dare to assassinate a lei still dare not kill? "It's not because we don't dare, but because we don't want to take this task. For reasons, our organization doesn't have to answer it."The old man with white beard is coldBernard quickly squeezed a smile: "Mr. bayonet, sorrySince you don't want to accept this task, I will say goodbye"White Beard old man noddedBefore Bernard left, the old man with white beard slowly stood up and said to himself: "This Bernard, what task is not good, we must destroy a stone carving, but also to kill lei. I’m still reporting on the old instructor. Today, I rejected this task. The old instructor should be happy."The old man with white beard is also a veteran level task in the saber organization."But because he is too old, he will not do the task. He usually enjoys the super city of Finlay and occasionally receives some wealthy nobles.As for his so-called 'old instructors', he also belongs to a legendary figure in the 'sword knife' organization. Now that the leaders of the Sabre organization have met the old instructor, they also have to call the 'instructor' very politely. I am afraid that nobody is older than this 'old instructor' qualification... Prouks Hall, the fourth day of the stone sculpture 'Wake up' exhibitionIn the 'Master Showroom', there is a very strange phenomenon. According to the rules of the Prouks Hall, guests in the master exhibition hall must leave every three minutes to allow the next group of guests to come in.If you want to look again, you must line up againHowever, there is a guest in the master exhibition hall that has stayed in the master hall for nearly two hours.Does not meet the rules at all! This guest looked like a man in his thirties and forties, wearing a loose robe with his hands in his long sleeves and embracing his chest. The long black hair spread freely and the whole person seemed to enjoy watching the exhibition. Dream Wake up 'Stone CarvingAt the moment, several powerful guards standing in front of the 'Wake up' stone sculpture whispered about this dark-haired man.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "What does this person have to do with Mr. Austoni, and he entrusted us not to take this person away?It's been a long time for you to stay in the master showroom and you have violated the rules."" Do not controlWe still have peace of mind to protect this stone sculpture"What are you afraid of? There are magical positions around the stone carvings in the hall. It is impossible to steal the stone carvings. After all, is this stone carving so large that anyone who is able to remove such a large stone sculpture under the eye of the hall?" "The protection of stone guards is still very easyAfter all, it is very difficult for a stone carving that is so large to be stolen, and destroying the stone carving is not good for oneself. Who will do it? "Hey, it's a very good stone carving, it really has a tasteThe man in his thirties and forties frownsLook carefully at the stone carving 'Wake up' and then sweep it around"A little seventeen-year-old child is really looking forward to"time fliesThe guests in the master showroom changed batch after batchAnd this man has been here for a while, watching and admiring this 'Wake up' stone sculpture."How smooth the lines, lines, crisp, without hesitation"This man's face has a hint of intoxication." It's really charming. And this woman, that unique charm is completely carved out.Even more attractive than real women"Master ShowroomA batch of incoming guestsMany guests are lined up again and againVisited again and againThis guru-level masterpiece is for those who love stone carving.It's nothing to watch for a whole day“Time is coming, the next batch!” shouted the staff from the Plucks Hall, and the internal guests suddenly went out from another door.A group of people queued up and came in from the front. It was the most chaotic time - "Peng!" "Peng!" "Peng!" The dense fog was covered, and the original local guests were completely confused, the screams of fear, the screams of angrily, and the sound of annoyance suddenly ringing one after another.The guards protecting the stone carvings were nervous at once."not goodThe guards saw this scene and naturally knew what to expect"The embryo"The man in the loose robe wrinkled his brow and moaned impatiently, while the original sly eyes glanced at him in front of him.At this time, four figures were actually rushing towards the 'wake up' stone sculpture.The four figures rushed out, and the guards had already pulled out their weapons. At the same time, many secret masters from the Prouks Hall immediately rushed over.If the exhibits in the master gallery were destroyed this time, it would be really big."Hello!" There is a white figure among the four figures, very strange, like a piece of paper, drifting awkwardly and easily escaped the obstacles of the guards.At the same time, there was a black dagger in his hand and he directly stabbed the stoneWith its attacking power, a dagger will go down, and the whole stone carving will collapse.“Pang!” A mask was lifted in front of the awakening stone sculpture. The dagger stuck on the mask and did not pierce."The Guardian of Light?" the white figure whispered murmured, and then the dagger on the surface of his hand ran out of red, and the dagger was stung again on the mask.Immediately after the mask 'bang' was completely broken"not goodThe guards immediately became nervous and even the defense magic of the seven levels of the Magician was easily broken.Because the surroundings are too confusing, many masters of the Guild have no time to block it.And these guards were blocked by three others.The man who wore a loose robe who had never moved from the beginning, his eyes were sharp and sharp."Oh!" - a very slight voice sounds, and the whole figure of the white figure is smashed, and the whole person who "swears" directly divides it into two parts. The body of the three people who blocked the guards was also divided in two, and he could no longer die.After a moment, the Pruxx Guild resumed its calm, and the man in the loose robe slowly left the Prouks Hall and was outside the Prouks Hall. A carriage, standing next to the carriageIt was at the time that Karan’s father, Bernard, called it the 'Mr.The grey-haired old man walked in front of a man who looked like a man around the age of 30 or 40. He whispered in a respectful manner: "The old instructor"" Well, this time you did a good job"The three-and-twenties-looking man praised with a smile and then whispered in dissatisfaction." Didn't think that 'blood plum' also fell to this point, do they not know how much damage to precious works of art? Sin? "Plum Blossom, with the Saber" is one of the four major killer organizations"Old instructor, where are we going today?" the bayonet askedThe man thought for a moment and said: "I haven't been to Clearwater Paradise for a year or two. I used to let the girl there go to me. This time... I went to Clearwater Paradise in person, with my young girl, my heart. It will be younger, haha..." The man laughed again."Yes, old instructorsThe gray-haired old man respectfully pointed out that there was a big mystery in Mr. Bayonet's mind. That was how old the old instructor was.Because the old instructors were the killers of the 'saber' organization, the killers of Mr. Bayonet were the last batch of 'old instructors' trained.As for the first killers of the 'old instructors' training, it is estimated that even if they were not killed, it would be too long for them to die! "What do you think, hurry upThe voice of the man came in the carriageMr. Bayonet immediately drove the carriage and drove to Clearwater Paradise