The flame that blew out from the mouth of the Raptor burned in the range of tens of meters around. Here is the ocean of fire.The flames spit in the mouth of the Raptor were burning on the four warriors' faces. They had guardian armor of ice and the protection of grudge shields. Four fighters could definitely resist the flame burning.As for the female archers, now they have reached the back of a gryphon and they shoot bows in the air.The Bloodthirsty Iron Cow is like a castle wall protecting two female magicians"Oh!" "Oh!" "Oh!" The female bowman on the back of the gryphon was cold and stiff, his hands were stable like a meteorite, and he shot three sharp arrows. The goal was the mysterious magician on the back of the Raptor! "Hurrah!" The Raptor fluttered like a whip, and the speed of the dragon was still above the arrow. Instantly, the female archer's 'Three Lies' was smashed and the tail was smashed. Sweep in the opposite direction toward the four male warriorsThe whining sound of the punctured air caused by Long Wei's sweep caused the four fighters to change their faces. The four fighters immediately evaded like monkeys.However, when Long Wei was waving, it was estimated that it was not a straight line, but it was floating up and down. It was very strange."Hey!" There was still a soldier in the four warriors who hadn't had time to escape and was directly swept by the dragon's tail at the waist. The guardian armor and vindictive guard of the ice almost broke in the blink of an eye.And then the dragon tail was a roll, and the male warrior body was tightly wrappedThe red-haired strong man next to “Luka!” had torn his eyes and shouted."No--" Luke was also panickingThe huge Raptor's dragon tail flicked, and the 'Luke' that had been caught flew directly into the mouth of the Velociraptor. The Raptor opened the blood bowl and spoke directly to 'Luga' and gave it a bite. He only heard it. A sour bang and a painful crowing before Luke’s deathUnder the dense teeth of the Raptor like a saw, the whole person of Luke was directly crunched. Luke's scarlet thigh also fell from the mouth of the Raptor.The white thigh bone penetrates out of the thigh and the knee"do not lookHillman stopped in front of leiThe scene just now was too bloody. It was the first time that adults faced such a scene and they also feared in their hearts.Not to mention, lei is just an eight-year-old kidHowever, lei has already seen"Look, call!" lei feels like his heart is pressed by the boulder, breathing difficulties, lei breathlessly panting, but his head was full of youth just called ‘luka’ was crunched aliveThe broken stomach, the broken small intestine, the shattered head, the falling thigh! Everything makes lei breath hard, head vertigoThe fierce fighting to this level is the first time that lei has seen it. For the first time, lei has seen people being crunched by the huge raptors.In particular, the half leg tumbled, the scene was etched in the mind of leiHillman, Luo Rui, Roger three as one look, look to the eyes of lei have concernsOnly eight-year-old children will see the bloody scene in this scene. Will there be a shadow in the heart? Once young, the bottom of the heart has a shadow on the battle, future achievements will be limited<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Killing, nothing, nothing!" lei tried to persuade herself in the bottom of my heart, "grow up in the future, join the army Still like to kill, you have to be in the past and you have to be in the past" lei is really smart, read a lot of books, know what he will go in the futureWhen a man grew up in Magnolia, facing life and death is very normal.Only LEI or a child, not facing life and death, at the moment LEI heart constantly persuaded himself, gradually, the fear of shocking LEI heart actually weakened a lotOn the contrary, only for a while, lei felt that the blood in the body was boiling up."That battle is really fierce and exciting."Do not know why, just the scene of bloody fierce fighting, even the body of the ground lei bloody even up, so that Lin Lei has a desire to kill the battle."Is it the cause of the Dragon Blood Warriors?" LEI does not knowHowever, lei suddenly discovered that he was very much looking forward to this kind of bloody battle.Lei immediately removed one step, let Hillman, continue to look at the battle in front of 100 meters"lei, don't lookHillman sees lei still seeing, cannot help but be scared"Uncle Hillman, I'm not afraidLei looked up at HillmanHillman suddenly saw the hint of excitement in the pupil of lei, and he was not surprised. He did not even stop lei.The lei continued to look at the battlefield 100 meters ahead. At the moment, the battle was at the height of the worst. Three other indignant warriors at the foot of the battle, while radiating a mysterious magician on the back of the Raptor."Yeah," the Raptor roared and turned his head and opened his huge bloody mouth and ate at one of the fighters. At the same time, the sharp claws were also waved at another warrior.And that lightning-like ‘Long Tail’ was also drawn to the last soldierSoldiers are forced to change courseThe mysterious magician on the back of the Raptor has not been moved, but his lips are slightly moving, only to let the Raptor deal alone"The dance of fire snakes!" The cold voice of the mysterious magician suddenly sounded, and I saw seven fire snakes that were several tens of meters long and tumbling. They flew in all directions, and every fire snake was as true. The fire snake has a distinct scale, and the huge volume that is tens of meters long makes it even more frustrating.Everyone saw this scene, they were all stuckEight levels of fire magic - fire snake dance! The mysterious magician had been whispering magic spells and preparing for this horrific eight-level magical 'Fire Dance of the Serpent'. The Serpent's Dance could send seven giant fire serpents, and the attack power was very strong. The point of human beings is the swift and defensive power of the Raptors. In the face of seven fire serpents, they must be seriously injured if they die.In the face of seven magicians, their mercenary squad can also fight for a while, but in the face of eight magician, in particular, plus a raptorTheir mercenary squad simply cannot resistThey finally knew that this mysterious magician turned out to be an eighth-level magician! "It's a fire snake dance, escape"The red-haired brawny face changed dramatically, shouting shrillly.The remaining six members of the mercenary squad panicked"It's too late to accept the baptism of death"The voice of that mysterious magician's madness was like an icy bayonet piercing the hearts of the six members of the mercenary squad.