The seven fire serpents are flying very fast. The fire snake flies in midair and even the houses along the street of the town are burning up. The flames burst into flames and a scene of disaster.The civilians in Wushan town, who had long been hiding in the distance, had seen their home destroyed and sad and sad.In front of the seven giant fire serpents, a stone house is like a toy and is easily destroyed."go"The woman archer could no longer care about the other, directly controlling the gryphon to fly toward the sky.The fire magician controls the seven fire snakes with distance restrictions. As long as the female archers fly out of that range, they are safe.“Hey!” I saw two fire snakes twining with each other, wrapping up two female magicians and the bloodthirsty iron cattle, and suddenly heard the sound of roasting meat. LEI even smelled it. The smell of hair"Gloria's Big Brother, Helping!" The screams of the female magician came from the fire snake."Hey, hey ~ ~" that bloodthirsty Tieniu terrible red eyes, body muscles continue to twist tangled, constantly roaring, want to rush out of the shackles of the fire snake, but unfortunately the strength of the binding of each fire snake is large terror"Louisa!" The red-haired brawny growls in a painful shout.The two pretty female magicians and bloodthirsty oxen were turned into ashes for a while, but in the twinkling of an eye, the red-haired brawny was too late to suffer. He and the other two male fighters each faced a huge fire snake. In front of the huge fire snakes, they are like babies and they do not have the ability to resist.Even if a punch can break the stone, but the body of the fire snake is rolled up, what can they do? "Ah ~ ~ ~" The three soldiers were wrapped in fire snakes.In the buzzing sound, the surface of the grappling shroud shattered instantaneously, and the burning sound of '嗤嗤' sounded. The three warriors' face muscles twitched and twisted, the eyeballs rushed suddenly, the body hair was suddenly burned cleanly, the skin, muscles, bones... ...whenever the terrible flame of the high temperature of the fire snake burns, everything cannot resistThe three powerful fighters were burned in a short time and became ashes."Whirring--" The female archer breathed quickly and she finally escaped the scope of the fire snake dance."Luga, Louisa, Gloria's brother... I will certainly take revenge for you, surely"The female archer cries bitterly and then flies through the air on a griffin"Boom!" A thick lightning slammed down from the air and hung directly on the female archer who was not prepared. The entire female archer was turned into an ashes. The gryphon was full of charisma. The convulsions fell from the air and fell heavily on civilian stone houses.Break the roof and fall into the house"I want to escape?"Mystery magician whisperedAnd Hillman's throat watching it all over a hundred metres swallowed, and there was a bit of horror in his heart: "It was an eight-level wizard and a double magician."..." That is the dance of fire snakes? Lei lei standing in place, he was completely shocked livedThe seven giant fire snakes just vacated, and the scene of the flames and heat waves made lei tremble as never beforeEach giant fire snake is almost the same size as the 'rapid dragon'. The seven giant fire snakes are vacated. It is simply a disaster.The house was burned down and collapsed.Instantly, four powerful warriors, two magicians, one archer, and two WarcraftsIn addition to the unfathomable gryphons, everything else was dead.Seven giant fire snakes have disappeared, but lei still feels the horrible heat waves around the battle grounds, and the battle grounds have just become completely in ruins.The ruins and the constant heat waves seem to narrate the war just now."Okay, great!Lei breath is still a bit rapid, in his mind, constantly recalling the seven giant fire snakes vacated, like a disaster comingCompared with that scene, the horror swiftlet is slightly inferior.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>Lee's eyes suddenly fell on the mysterious magician on the distant Raptor's back, compared to the Raptor. Mysterious magician body size is much weaker"I have just sent him a dance of fire snakes?" LEI is a bit unbelievable. A man who appears to be smaller than the uncle physically of Hillman can actually launch such a terrible catastrophic attack.For the mysterious magician in the distant body that covers the purple robe, lei has a hint of fear in the bottom of my heart."This is a magician?" lei's heart, the first time there is a clear understanding of the magicianThe same ... ... lei, for powerful magician, the heart has also longed for"If one day, I can also make that kind of attack"Think of that scene, lei felt the blood in his body boiling to the limit, it is an extremely excited stateThis moment - lei knows his future pathPursue the peak, the peak of the strong"fatherLei suddenly saw his father Hogg, the whole town of Wushan was innocent disaster, as the owner of Wushan Town, Hogg at the moment some of my heart just helpless"Do not speak out"HOG looked at lei, lei lei do not say anythingThen Hogg looked at the magician and felt bitter in his heart: "It turned out to be an eight-level magician, or a double line.It was the whole kingdom of Finlay, not a few more powerful than him.This figure actually went to our town in Wushan.Hogg just hoped that this mysterious magician would leave early to restore calm to Wushan Town.I saw the mysterious magician who jumped directly from the back of the Raptor. It was two stories high. The mysterious magician jumped easily.The mysterious magician walked to the place where the red-haired strong man was burned to death and waved with one hand. The ashes were lifted. Only a purple diamond with a dreamy, fabulous glow appeared. The mysterious magician immediately reached out. This 'Depello Shadow Diamond' picks up"Haha, De Pello, I've been looking for a decade. I didn't expect this time to just choose to take a shortcut and pass through this town. I happened to get De PelloHaha...Hymans, I have a De Pello drill and it fits into my staff. I see how you fight with me this time, haha...” The mad laughter of the mysterious magician rang.And Hooge, a nobleman in Wushan Town, and a large group of civilians were silent in the distance and did not dare to speak out in fear of the anger of this mysterious magician.“Wushan Town, who is the territory of Wushan Town?” said the mysterious magician suddenly."father"lei heart shockedHogg had to take a sturdy step forward and respectfully said: "The great master of magicians, this Wushan town is my domain.""Oh"The mysterious magician's appearance is still covered with a purple robe, and it is not clear. The mysterious magician said lightly, "This time you have lost a lot in Wushan Town. This mercenary squad was killed by me. They still have a lot of gold coinsEven if the gold coin melts because of the dance of fire snake, it can still change some money.Even if it's your compensation for Wushan Town"Hogg heard the mysterious magician say so, a loose heartThis magician should not be crazy about killing"I, Hogg, instead of Wushan Town, thank the Enchanted adults for their grace.Hogg respectfully salutesThe mysterious magician gently nodded and then headed towards the Raptor. The Raptor immediately knelt down and the forelegs spread out. The mysterious magician just stepped on the front of the Raptor, took two steps and then leaped up. Raptor's back"哼~~" The Raptor snapped and two sulphurous mists blew out.Then the Raptors proceeded with heavy steps. The residents of Wushan Town looked at the huge Raptor and the mysterious magician. They finally disappeared at the end of the street of Wushan Town. The hanging heart was there. Only slowly and surely