The Debuss family paid a lot for the sake of water smuggling.Bernard specifically asked his third brother to take charge of this, and the Lansir brothers were the right-handers of his third brother.Standing in the chamber of the lei kept silent, video mouse babe also stood on shoulders of leiOne World One World of Warcraft is just like staying out and watching this happen silentlyEven if he saw Bernard throwing his eyes for help, lei did not respond.Moments from the moment, the sound of a banging chain, two handsome blond men stepped in and entered the Chamber of Demands in the custody of the court guard.Both men carry their ankles and chainsJust looking at the thickness of the ankle chain, I feel that at least one or two hundred poundsThis heavy-duty lock is designed to lock in this extremely powerful warrior."The Patriarch"These two handsome blond men stepped into the Chamber, and in particular they saw a weird smile on the face of Bernard who was lying on the ground. Both of them actually shouted to Bernard."Lei stood beside to understandI am afraid that this Lanxier brother is the two leaders who are smuggling.And it should have a close relationship with the Debus family."Debus family, dangerousLei was just watching quietlyBernard looked at the two blond and handsome men and wondered, "What? Lansir, Lanmir, how did your two brothers be detained? I didn't give you 100,000 coins in the first few months.Let you go to live well? "The two handsome blond men couldn't help but they laughed.“You are talking about laughter?” Lancel said with a smile.Next to Lanmil, he smirked: "What is the patriarch? Why did you still want to quibble this time? Well, you still confess?Bernard showed an angry look on his faceThey stood up and glared at Lansir and Lammur: "Lancel, Lanmir, both of you are the people we grew up from when the Debush family grew up. How did I do it for you, both of you? There are a few bars"" Yes, you are good to us, but our brothers also worked so hard for you Debus family for so many years.Big brother Lancel smirkedBernard became even more angry. He stretched out his right index finger and shuddered to the two Lancehirs: "You two, you are really ungrateful.Yes, you have been working for the Debus family for many years, but you have been corrupting for so many years and you have taken the wealth of the family into your own hands.Half an year ago, I read on your years of service, spared your life, and gave you 100,000 gold coins, so that you can go back and live well.But, but you guys... you are not just not thankful, what smugglers are now involved in?Was caught, but to defile my Debus family! "Lancel, Lanmir, both stupid, and stared at Bernard.""I, are we corrupt? You, did you give us 100,000 gold?" Lansir and Lammir misted.Bernard was even more angry and suddenly turned to kneel down against Clyde, crying and crying: “Your Majesty, these two people are simply fed up with evil wolves.When they were young, I saw them lonely and adopted them.Later they also gave them important tasksThey got their family's wealth into their own pocketsEven after the incident, I ended up thinking that after many years of good fortune, they gave them 100,000 gold coins to send them back.But what are they now? Actually filthy my familyTo destroy the Debus family, my heart is tooYour majesty, I'm sad, I'm sad! ! ! "Bernard is crying at the moment.It was rather skeptical that the nobility of the Chamber of Deputies doubted whether it was true that the two men of Lansir really tainted Bernard."Bernard, you, you..." Lansir and Lanmer's brothers flushed and couldn't say a word.How much did their two brothers sacrifice for the Debuss family?Even smuggling is willing to do it, and it is precisely because their brothers are not afraid of death. This time, if it is not that Clyde’s benefits to them are really high, they will not betray the Debus family.But Bernard said that there is no such thing at all! "Oh? Is this the case?" Clyde glanced at Bernard.Clyde also realized that Bernard was probably ready, otherwise he wouldn't be making up a lie.I'm afraid he went to check it, but also found no flaws"Oh, it's a pity that Bernard's third brother actually jumped into the river and couldn't even find the body.Otherwise, if he catches his third brother, Bernard will have nothing to say."Clyde has a bit of hateSmuggle Shuiyu OreJade veins, that is the property of the Kingdom of Finlay, also the property of his ClydeSmuggling Shuiyu ore is the property of Clyde.Clyde naturally hatesOnly now that Bernard's younger brother has committed suicide by jumping into the Lancang River, and betraying Lansir and Ranke, the Debuss family seems to be prepared."Bernard, I won't marry a good personClyde Zhengdao"Xie Xiaxia, Xie Xiaxia"There is tears in Bernard's faceClyde suddenly sounded cold: "But I will not miss anyone who betrays the interests of the kingdom.According to what I know, this time it is responsible for smuggling. It seems to be your younger brother."" Three brothers? Bernard looked at Clyde doubtfullyClyde looked coldly at Bernard: "What, do you still have to say?" Bernard said with a grievance: "Of course there is something to say, Your Majesty, I really do not know why you said this, but my three brothers , had left the kingdom of Finlay as early as a year ago and began the adventures of various countries.A few days ago there was a letter to send backClyde looks coldHis people personally reported that they had captured the BernardBernard's third brother jumped directly into the river in the case of serious injuries, and even the shadows could not be found."Your Majesty, Your Majesty, you must be fair."Bernard looked angrily to Lansir, Lanmil," "You must not be cold for these two villains.”<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>“伯纳德，你You..." Anxiously, Lansil and Lanmir didn't know what to say.Clyde suddenly stood up and looked coldly at Bernard: "I said, I will not marry a good man, nor will I let go of a betrayal of the interests of the kingdom.According to the evidence I've seized, at least your Debus family has a suspicion of betraying the kingdom. Come--" Bernard couldn't help changing his face: "Your Majesty, Your Majesty, I am loyal to the kingdom! At the moment, two court guards rushed in from outside the chamber.BernardClyde smiled at BernardBernard looked up and looked at Clyde, as if a child looked at his parents"Is your family loyalNeed to speak with evidenceI give you a chance, at least I will not directly destroy your family now.Bernard took a deep breath and his biggest concern was that the Debuss family was directly extinguished."Fortunately, in the secret chamber that day, I discovered the traces of the cremated body.Let me prepareBernard made preparations from that day and even made a few preparations.“Come on, slam Bernard and the heirs of the Debus family into Blackwater jail.As for the Debusi family smuggling case, let the right-phase Merritt check it out.Clyde orderedImmediate court guardBernard was given off"Your Majesty, I believe His Majesty is wise"When Bernard was released, he shouted at Clyde.In this one night, the greenery road is completely noisy.Horseshoe noise and cries sounded and hundreds of knights surrounded the Derbus family directly, causing the Debus family to panic."What are you doing, what are you doing! Do you know where this is?” Karan’s two grandfathers, Bernard’s uncle, immediately scolded guardians of the palaces.A knight headed coldly said: "Your command, do you dare to block?" The grandfather raised his headSay: “Your Majesty orders? Who knows if you're a fake pass and say, what did you do?” “What happened to Grandpa, Grandpa?” At this time many people from the Debus family came over.Even Alice and Rowling have come to wear clothes too.After a general engagement on Magnolia mainland, the woman will live in the man.It's only necessary to wait until the official wedding, both men and women will be in the same room.Of course... There are also same rooms before marriage. It depends on the willingness of both men and women."Alice's sisterWhat's happening outside? Rowling took Alice's handAlice is also somewhat confused: "I don't know"The whole Debus family, hundreds of people inside and outside are flocking to the front yard, the vast majority of people are confusedOnly the heart of the few people who knew about family smuggling were scared.The Debuss family smuggled this time, the scale is very largeThere are tens of millions of gold coins that you can only useOnce successful, profits are hundreds of millions of gold coinsAccording to the Debus family, earn enough to make enoughI didn't expect this to happen."What is happening to card blue brother?" Rowling also asked CarranCard Blue also shook his head and did not knowThe Cavaliers from the Royal Palace had already assembled outside. When the leader of the Cavaliers Squadron met and gathered so many people, he took a token from his arms and shouted, "There is an order from the devil, and the Debus family is involved in the smuggling of Shuiyu ore. Now, the Debus patriarchs and their heirs are captured in Blackwater Prison."The face of a group of people in the Debus family changed.In particular, several people in the core of Kalan and other families are gray-faced, and Alice, Rowling, and the families of the family feel confused and confused.Several guards will directly catch the card blue"Bring away!" Cavaliers squadron leader drank directlyKa Lan felt that his legs were soft at this moment. He only allowed the guards to walk outside the door.But when he walked to the door, Karan was suddenly awakened and rushed back to hurry: "Grandpa, Alice, you must rescue me, and you must save me."While the card blue shouted, the guards of the court still ruthlessly put him in jail.Alice, Rowling, and the people of the entire Debus family can only watch Kalan being taken away but unable to do anything.Their family is powerful, but how can they contend with the King? The next morning, the news of the Debuss family suspected of smuggling the Shuiyu ore quickly spread to the nobles of the city of Finlay. The majority of the nobles in the city of Fanlai were concerned about this matter.And this smuggling case was personally reviewed by the right-hander of the Kingdom of the Right Duke Merritt.The Duke of Merritt MansionThe Duke of Merritt has more than seventy years of age, but he is a more powerful soldier.Just looking at looks is just a middle-aged person, and that short blonde hair is a vertical brilliance.At this moment, Mellitt was sitting in a chair and glanced casually at the arrival of the Debusi family, who was taught by his grandfather, Nimiz Metz"Merritt, my family is definitely embarrassed. I hope that you can return to our Debus family.Nimitz said, taking a book from the side: “My Merit, I know you like to collect the Bible. My book is more than 3,000 years ago.""Oh, the Bible? "Merritt took over at random, but at the turn of the day, Merritt suddenly noticed that there was a kind of card in it, which was released by the Four Kingdoms Gold Line - Magic Crystal Card! There was a smile on Merritt's face."Nimitz looked closely at Meret's expression. Merritt closed the Bible and put it aside. Then she smiled and said: "You must know that Nimitz, I prefer stone carving, except for the Bible, some time ago. I love stone dreams when I wake upI saw Alice at your family engagement ceremony. Oh, that Alice is exactly the same as the stone sculpture.I don’t know...can you tell me to talk to Alice alone?”