At dinner, a family of three of the Baruch family and the steward ‘Hiri’ were having dinner together. Wharton was also happy on the table and laughed in the living room.By the end of the dinner, after the old housekeeper Shipley went to bed with Walton, lei talked to his father Hogg."Yes, father, magician and soldier, which is more powerful in the end?" lei inquiredHogg looked at lei and smiled. This shook his head: "LEI, magician and warrior, each has their own specializationOnly on the strength, the same level of magician, warrior, should be slightly better than a magicianThe most important thing is that the status of an enchanter is extremely high and is higher than that of a soldier.For example, the eight-level double magician just mentioned is only slightly inferior to him."" Strength slightly better than one, why so bad status? Lei doubtedHogge laughed: "Before this, you must first understand the magician's grade, the magician is divided into nine grades, the first level two for the primary magician, the third level four for the intermediate magician, fifth level six for the advanced MagicianAnd above the seven, eight, nine, these three levels are extremely terrible, of course, there are also the Holy Might Magician above the nine magician! "The reason why the status of magicians is so high is because they are extremely destructive.Hogg lifted a glass of juice and said gently."Destructive power?" lei looked at his fatherHogg put down the glass and nodded and said, "A soldier, even a dragon blood warrior, can only kill nearly 100 enemies with one sword. Once he faces millions of troops, he kills only the commander, but he dies a commander and the enemy. You can exchange for a new commanderWhat about Sanctuary Magician? A taboo magic can destroy a city, destroy hundreds of thousands of troops, and hundreds of thousands of troops are all over. What is the use of the commander who is still alive? For a country, the sanctuary is more horrible than an army.Lei suddenly understood"Don't mention the holy magician, that is, the 8th and 9th magicians can make amazing power during the war.So the status of the magician is extremely loftyHogg said indifferentlyLei gently noddedIn the Magnolia continent with the theme of "war", the status of a magician is so high that one can imagine it."Oh, right, father, I remember reading it in the book and saying that compared with the warrior, the magician is weaker.But I just saw the magician, who jumped down easily from the back of the Raptor. Did you say that his body is weak? Lei chase roadHogg replied: "We'll wait and say this question again. You know, lei, the average person on the magnolia continent is a hundred and thirty-year-old.The powerful magicians and fighters have long life spans, usually two or three hundred years old, or even three or four hundred years old. The human lifespan is up to five hundred. Only by reaching the legendary sanctuary can we have a very long history. Approximate infinitely long lifeLei noddedThis he once saw from books"But lei, do you know the powerful magicians and fighters, why are they living long?" Hogg asked immediately.LEI YiyiThe powerful magicians and fighters have a life expectancy of three or four hundred years. lei took this as a matter of course and did not think about the cause at all.Hogg saw lei expression, could not help laughing: "lei, first of all I want to tell you that there are fire properties, water properties, wind properties, land properties, mine properties, bright properties, dark properties and other elements of the world, Whether it is a magician or a warrior, it absorbs the elements of heaven and earth to cultivate. It also leads to the distinction between attributes, whether it is magic or vindictive. If you look closely, you can find out that the mercenary team just now. The four male warriors, led by the red-blooded brawny vindictiveness, are the fire attribute grudgeIn addition, three people have the wind attribute vindictiveness, but also have the water attribute tactical squad qi disposition attribute, the magic also divides the attribute! "For the first time since she was born, lei has understood that the original magician and the warrior were absorbed in the same element of heaven and earth.“The long life span of powerful magicians and fightersIt is because the magician absorbs the elements of the heavens and earth into the body and refines it into the “magic power”. When these elements flow in the body, they will naturally be absorbed by various organs, muscles, and bones in the body.Makes the magician's physique better and better, the better the constitution, the longer the natural lifeIn the same way, the warriors practice vindictiveness and absorb the elements between heaven and earth.Elements flow in the body and also improve physiqueThe more powerful fighters, the better their constitution and the longer their natural lives.Hogg made everything clear<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Lin Lei's mind is suddenlyAccording to his father, the magician’s body is also improved by the elements of the world. The body is very good."Father, but why do people say that the magician is weak?" lei doubtedHogg shook his head and said, "Is this still unclear? It's not that he's really weak, but he's actually weaker than the warrior of the same rank. His body has become a ‘weak spot’.For example, an eighth-level magician, although his body is not cultivated, he can still catch up with the second-level and third-level soldiers.However, compared with the eighth-level warrior, the body of the eighth-level magician is weak.Lei patted his head, embarrassed smileThe simple question didn’t even want to understand that he really thought rigid."However, the magician can't fight in close combat, but the magician also has a way to deal with it. One is to use magic shields, such as 'Tongdun', 'Ice shield', 'wind shield', 'light shield', etc. Magic resist, then use attack magic attack!" "And powerful magician, there is another way to regain 'World of Warcraft'!" Heard this, lei eyes brightLei heart also want to regain a World of Warcraft, such as receiving a powerful fast dragon"Powerful Warcraft is enough to protect the magician, so that the enemy can not be near himThis magician can cast powerful magic and kill each other directly.Said Hogg, smilingLei immediately anxiously said: "Father, how can we get a World of Warcraft?" Hogg saw lei's expression, could not help but smiled and said: "receive a World of Warcraft, there must be two conditionsThe first is to make World of Warcraft willing to surrender to you, and the second is to arrange a soul deed magic array to make World of Warcraft its own servant."The first condition is very difficult. Let the World of Warcraft be willing to surrender. I am afraid that only by defeating it will it be willing."For example, if you want to take in the Raptor, you must defeat the Raptor first."My father's words made Lin Lei speechlessDo you want to take over the Raptor, but do you have the power to defeat the Raptor? "The second condition, the layout of the soul contract magic array, this magic array is very troublesome, at least to reach the seven magician, only have enough strength to arrangeHogg solemnly saidLei said: "Father, according to what you said, isn't it only seven magicians, or a higher level magician who can rein in Warcraft?" "No, not necessarilyIf you have enough money, you can buy the ‘Soul Contract’ scroll. When you just need to tear it, you can directly form the 'Soul Contract Magic Array'.Only the ‘Soul Contract’ scroll is expensiveHogger laughed"How expensive?" lei chase road“The last time I heard it was a scroll of 10,000 coins, and it’s still priceless."Hogg's words, so Lin Lei can only smileTo conquer a Warcraft, the hardest thing is to defeatOf course, you can accept small and weak World of Warcraft, but what's the use of receiving a weak World of Warcraft? Do you have enough power to defeat if you want to regain powerful Warcraft? If you use intrigue schemes, how can World of Warcraft be willing? It's not easy to be willing to surrender.The second condition, which seems to be minor, lays out the soul-contract magic array.This condition also determines that it is not a powerful magician who can take over Warcraft, that is, those who are rich.Spend 10,000 gold coins to buy a ‘Soul Contract’ magic scroll, which is a nobleman who doesn’t have enough value to dare to be so extravagant.Lei lips squat, brow slightly frowned"If I really want to rein in Warcraft, with the economic status of our family, I only have to become a seven-level magician, and then to regain the World of Warcraft this wayLei secretly thought, lei himself is also aware that this road is difficultThe first level of this road is - whether he has the genius to be a magician! After all, that’s only one-tenth of hope. If there’s no talent, it’s impossible to become a magician.