The next morningIn the open space on the eastern side of Wushan Town, a large group of children was still gathering in the open space on the east side of the town. At this time, Hillman and all three instructors had not yet arrived. The children were talking together in full swing. The topic was inseparable from yesterday’s shocking battle."Yesterday, the World of Warcraft was terrible, and when Uncle Hillman was in the middle of the town, I was behind him. Everyone looked at it secretly. You don't know.The huge Warcraft is just the thick hoof claws on the ground, and the slate floor is completely shattered.And those houses, just like mud, all collapsed."Hadley, a group of children who are best at talking, said in the middle of a group of children that smoky flying and dancing, everything seems to be seen clearly.And most children also have eyes wide open and listen to Hadley’s"Hadley, yesterday you were just like us on the open land in the east. I didn't dare to go.How did you see it? "A brown-haired teenager, who looks like thirteen years old, said with a gruntThese older children are not seven-year-olds who are vulnerable to Hadley’s deception.Hadley looked at the thirteen-year-old boy and couldn't help blinking: "Flaam, don't you believe me? When did Hadley kidnap someone?" The brown-haired teenager called 'Fra' disdains : "Who doesn't know if you have Hadley's big mouth, what's a few words in his mouth is true? Hey, do you talk about when the Hadley kid talked the truth?" said Fula towards the group of teenagers.The 12-year-old and 14-year-old boy all laughed: "Yes, Hadley's little devil, who often talks about thingsSome older teenagers obviously stood by VlaaSuddenly 'Hadley' became anxious: "You do not believe me? Well, you do not believe me!" Hadley was in a hurry, looked in all directions, suddenly saw Linde, his eyes light up and immediately said loudly, "Everybody You know, yesterday, except for the three of them, Uncle Hillman, also went to lei, and lei saw it firsthand.Lei said it should be true, you let lei say, I have not said false? "" lei young master? "Those teenagers look to leiLei is still in the eyes of a group of teenagers and children in Wushan Town. Once lei is the eldest son of the baruch family. Secondly, lei is only eight years old. However, physical training is up to the thirteenth. Year-old teenagerIn the martial land of Magnolia, lei's excellence also made Wushan boys admire him."Yesterday, LEI did indeed see it with his own eyes. The youngest LEI said, of course, we believe"Those teenagers nodThere are 13 or 14 years old. The youngsters are sensible. They know that lei is a nobleman and they are different from them.In general, lei called ‘major lin lei’. Only Hadley and a group of seven-year-old devils called it “lei”."lei, talk about, in the end I have not lied, at the time what kind of in the end?" Hadley immediately ran in front of lei, pulling lei's hand, but also quietly greet leiLei could not help but help this Hadley blowing over there, how can I also involved myself"That World of Warcraft is called 'Raptor,' and it's a seven-level Warcraft. Its strength is very powerful.The scales of the whole body are very hard and the sword cannot hurt. There is a strong tail like a long whip and sharp claws. The hard stones and slate are under the tail and claws of a raptor. It is like paper. Like the pasteAnd it can also spray fire in its mouth, even the slate can burn crackingLei said honestlyA group of children listened quietly to the narration"Actually, I don't need to say that when everyone sees the Raptor, it should be imaginable.Lei said with a smileThose teenagers nodWhen they first saw 'Raptors' yesterday, they were really scared.The massive body of the Raptor is like a small hill. The huge scales of the red fire just look at it, and you can guess its hardness."Hear it? I said, the Warcraft that is called Raptor is very powerful.Hadley also shouted at the moment.The teenager named ‘Fla’ immediately blinked and must speak loudly<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Uncle Hillman is hereLei saw Hillman, Lori, and Roger coming in the distance and immediately shoutedAll children and teenagers were quiet, and they all came in unconventionally into three teams.On this empty land, all of a sudden calm down, only to hear the three footsteps of HillmanHillman three went to the front, facing a group of childrenHillman smiled straight and said: "Yesterday we all know it?""When I heard Hillman's attitude was arbitrary, the children below responded immediately."well"Sherman's face suddenly and positively," that a huge World of Warcraft is a raptor, Raptor back is a mysterious magician, they are very powerful, but we must know! "Silman's eyes suddenly fierce, and looked at the eyes of a group of children:" It is the mysterious magician, he is also a step by step practice, and you want to regain powerful fast dragon, it also takes many years of hard work! If you want to take on the powerful Warcraft of Raptor, if you want to be as powerful as that mysterious magician, then you need to work hard and keep working hard! "Everyone has the potential to become strong."The only difference is... Do you work hard! Hillman said categorically that his eyes were coldSuddenly a group of children and teenagers were all quiet. Only the older teenagers had their own ideas and their eyes became different.“Okay, we’re starting our morning exercises today, the old rules...in the face of the rising sun, we’re doing ‘gumi style’ exercises.Hillman went straight to the topic and suddenly the children of the three teams started the training...... In accordance with the different situations of each team, Hillman developed different training tasks. Under the supervision of three instructors, each of the children carefully worked hard to complete various training tasks.The atmosphere of today's training is obviously not the same. There are hardly any children crying.Everyone took a sigh of relief and trained hard! "... fifty, fifty-one ... ..." lei secretly counted, at the moment lei is kneeling on the ground, relying on one hand five fingers and two toes to support the body, the body is completely tightHe is carrying one-handed supportOne-handed, five-fingered support is a simple and effective way to exercise your finger strength and arm strength.In order to become a great warrior, it is generally practiced to cultivate tactical grudges, and the achievement of cultivation and vindictiveness generally depends on the degree of dominance of the body. The more vicious the body is, the more vindictive it is."My body contains Dragon Blood Warrior blood, unable to cultivate grudges, and can only exercise more than others."Lin Lei's eyes are firm, his fingers are caught on the ground like old trees, and they are made one after the other."Ninety-nine, ninety-nine..." lei continued... "Today morning, this concludesHillman looked at the children of the three teams and repliedAfter that, Hillman took a deep breath and thought in his heart: "What story should I tell today?" Every morning exercise ended, Hillman had to tell stories for the children. This has become a common practice."Uncle Hillman, for us-" The voice of a child stopped suddenlyAt the moment, Hillman, who was a little prepared at the bottom of her heart and heard half of what he said, couldn't help wondering and looked up.At this moment, all the children of the three teams were stunned and looked at the sky over the East. At the moment, both Rory and Roger turned to the eastern sky and looked in astonishment.“Well?” doubtful Hillman, could not help turning and looking towards the eastern skyI saw not far from the east. Two or three hundred meters above the sea, a black dragon with a length of 100 meters was hovering in the air. The black dragon's eyes were like huge wheels. The black dragon scales are shivering with cold awns. The pair of huge wings, which are a hundred meters in size, are powerful fans.World of Warcraft 'Black Dragon'!