A city of Finlay, whether it is inside or outside the city, is full of Warcraft, even a large number of WarcraftThis originally festive Magnolia Festival became a day of disaster.Death is taking place at any time, and the population of this holy capital of the city of Finlay is slashing at the speed of terror.From the upper level of the Temple of Light to the ordinary people, they are all busy defending against Warcraft and escape."Fast, fast, don't delay!" The Duke of Bernard moaned loudly. At this time, Duke Bernard simply couldn't control any king. He only took his loved ones and the most powerful guards in the Duke's Mansion. Began to escape to the city outside FinlayHis body is just a few magic crystal cardsThis is an escape! "Father, save Nissa.“Ebert, son of the Duke of Bernard, begged to beg"Asshole, you don't want to die to go with usThe Duke of Burna yelped. "Get off!" "Duke Bernard did not care about his son. He took his wife and other children and immediately set off. As for Albert, he would hesitate for a moment. The last bite was to pull out his sword and go straight in the other direction.""Scorpion"Duke Bernard cursed, but my heart was uncomfortable."However, the Duke of Bernard is very clear, at the moment the entire city of Finlay throughout the World of Warcraft, seven World of Warcraft seen everywhere, as for the eight World of Warcraft and even nine of Warcraft is not uncommonThis time, if you do not escape from the city of Finlay, you have almost no hope of survival."Son, forgive my father"The Duke of Berner, in the bottom of his heart, was an unannounced sneak. He shouted at the guards. "Come quickly, leave the town of Finlay, and wait for safety. Each person will have 300,000 coins! "At this timeThe Duke of Bernard is not blind"Yes, Lord Duke"The dozen guards were overjoyed. Three hundred thousand gold coins were enough to make them worry-free forever.Just as they traveled two or three miles, killing seven World of Warcraft, five Six World of Warcraft, and three Five World of Warcraft"Hey ~ ~" A bear with a height of ten meters is striding from a distance and shakes every step.Seeing this black bear, the guards immediately face white, and the Duke of Burna shouted out loud:Purple bear black bearfast! ! ! "Matured Purple Bears are generally nine levels of Warcraft.The sacred purple-grained black bear that Lin Lei had met in the misty valley should belong to the strong family of purple-grained black bears."Oh ~~" The purple bear black bear apparently fixed on the pedestrian of the Duke of Berner, and he took a big step quickly. Every step caused the earth to vibrate. It was like walking in the hearts of the Duke of Berner and other people.The purple-grained black bear walks in a straight line, and all those who stop it are stepped into ruins."Bang!" waved his armA three-story building was directly smashed, and the chipped stone went directly to the Duke of Bernard."Pang!" A large stone with a half foot height just fell on a daughter of the Duke of Berner. The beautiful girl's head was directly smashed, and the blood and brains were directly stained with red stones and the ground.The Duke of Berner and a group of people were too late to be angry and distressed, because the nine-level Warcraft Purple-Pink bear was waving his big bear and turned guards into patties.“Ah!” the Duke of Bernard suddenly saw a giant bear pawing stepping on himself, Duke Burner immediately rolled a donkey"Oh!" The Purple Strike bear crushed the Duke of Berner on foot.If the Duke of Bernard can escape the purple bear black bear's ability, Purple Bear is not worthy of a nine-level Warcraft.“Hey ~~” the purple-grained black bear yelled loudly, excitedly patted his chest, and finally went in the other direction to continue its killing.... It was very normal to be trampled to death, to death, to death, to death... It was normal in the whole city of Finlay.Or civilians, life is vulnerable at this critical momentA nobleman and civilians were killedCity of Finlay, a deep and fieryKilling the Crazyest Area Around The Bright TempleIn the vast square in front of the Temple of Light, the powerful knights of the Temple of the Light and the deacons of the Inquisition are constantly fighting with World of Warcraft.The resistance here is the fiercest, so more Warcraft continues to gather here.Lei, babe is in a bright temple squareThey are very safeWith their strength, as long as it is not a sacred domain of Warcraft, there is no need to worry about it.At the moment Sanctuary of Warcraft is in the sky above the Temple of Light."Boss, a lot of Sanctuary of Warcraft"Bebe's voice rang in lei's headLei is also looking at a group of strong sacred people over the sky, lei did not think that at a dangerous moment, the shinny pavilion can dispatch seven strong sanctuaries in the city of philadelphia"Some strong sacred people who are publicly exposed on the surface of the Holy See can count in one hand.In fact, many of the strong sacred people are hidden. This is the holy capital. There are seven sacred masters.I am afraid that the sacred domain of the entire sacred alliance will add up, but also moreLei finally knows that this continent's top level existsThe atmosphere of the strong sacred people is dreadfulThe top seven strong players can kill LEI easily, just as it is easy to pinch an ant.However, these seven strong humans are at the moment absolutely weak! World of Warcraft, naturally superior to humansOnce Warcraft enters the sanctuary, even if it enters the sanctuaryIf it is an ordinary sanctuaryOnly those who are strong enough to reach the order of the sanctuary can deal with it.And if it is the kind of terrible World of Warcraft into the sanctuary, such as the spineFor example, Tyrannosaurus, such as the Hydra Emperor... as long as it is they, once they reach the sanctuaryI am afraid that only the strongest man in the sanctuary can compete with them.And now ... ... more than a dozen Sanctuary volleyball standing, especially among the more than a dozen sanctuary Warcraft strong, there are bloody lion cubs, Tyrannosaurus rex, purple eyes Golden Retriever This type of horrible sanctuary of WarcraftAny one of these can be killed with the Pope<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> And the most horrible thing is that there are more than a dozen sacred worlds in front of them. Demon youth"Are you human, still?" Haitings stared at this monster young man.This demon-savvy young man took a glance at Haitings. "Humanity? How could I be a despicable human being? Mankind is nothing but the food of our WoW!" This demon has a total disdain for young people's discourse.Even looking at Hydings, this demon youth is contemptuous"Haha, it's easy for our great king to kill you. Don't give it to your faces.Haha..." The purple-eyed Golden Retriever shouted loudly.Hittings’s face changed greatly, and the six strong sacred people behind him were equally sad.Can be form of Warcraft, what is the concept? “Is there a strong God-level in Magnolia? Invincible existence?” Haitings is not very happy in mind, the entire Magnolia mainland had three strong players who stood at the top of the peak.It was the ‘Vulcan’ of O'Brien’s empire, the 'high priest’ of the Magnolia Empire, and the dark forest’ ‘king’Haitings did not expect that there was even a ‘king’ in the Mountain of Warcraft."Break the sanctuary and step into the god classGod level of Warcraft, this ... ..." Haitings is very clear, how terrible God-level World of Warcraft is, in front of the 'king' a person to kill them seven sacred strongIt's definitely not a child's playHaitings is determined instantly - must flee! The preservation of the power of the Holy See is the most important. Once the seven strong sacred people have died today, the power of the Holy See’s Holy Spirit is at least weakened and its status is greatly reduced."God-level Warcraft, how suddenly a God-class World of Warcraft"Hettings cursed the heart, he did not know that this level of Warcraft is the world of lei was originally in the misty valley inadvertently put out, and this time, this God-class strong also launched his plan to prepare for half a year, but happened to Saved leiThis fateIt is truly magical"The great King of Warcraft, I am the bright Pope 'Haitins', I do not know what you want us to do?" Haitings decided to give inThe demon young man smiled and nodded. "You called Hittings, very well. All you need to do is to take you with you and flee to me.My World of Warcraft's Warcraft will continue to expand northwardsWhen one day, my Warcraft is feeling big enough, they will stop expanding.Haitings felt angryWhat is this call? Feeling territories large enough to stop expanding? "Oh, rest assured, we will not completely occupy the territory of your sacred alliance.Take up to halfUh... it's almost the same. The holy capital of the dark holy church was destroyed by us."This demon young people said at random"The Holy Capital of the Dark Holy See?" Haitins and seven other sanctuary were surprisedIs this World of Warcraft sacred lands of Warcraft, even at the same time attack the dark Vatican and the Holy See, which is too madThey know that Warcraft is very much in the Warcraft Mountains, and there are many Sanctuary World of Warcraft.However, I did not expect to have enough strength to attack both parties."You guys can roll. Finally I can tell you, my name is..."Youth young people said at randomHearing the above conversation, lei was completely shaken. Obviously, the actions of the Warcraft group in the Warcraft Mountains were not directed at a single city of Finlay but against the sacred alliance and the dark alliance.Listen to themThe territory of the Holy Alliance and the territory of the Dark Alliance must occupy half! "That, the 12 kingdoms west of the Warcraft MountainsOf the 32 countries, I am afraid that half of them will be caught in the heatLei feels scared"The king of Warcraft"Dilin? Lei also deeply remembered the name of 'devil forest', just listened for a while, lei quietly left in the crowd, quickly rushed to his former governmentBecause some of lei's things are still in the house."Hey ~ ~" a strong wind wolf noticed lei, immediately leap to lei"Hey!" The purple light flashed, lei did not slow down, but the strong wind wolf was cut into two halves directly. The blood stained the ground.Lei road back to his own house is a road to killingGather everywhere with WarcraftWhen LEI came to the junction of Xiangxi Avenue and Yeye Road, LEI saw a team. This team had only 30 people. However, they couldn't resist the place where Warcraft passed."Yale boss?" lei suddenly saw Yale was tied to a horse. "The second and fourth are also, but they are riding on the horse"Father, let me go, let me goLet me save the old man, the temple of light has collapsed, and the best time to save is now"Yale was tied up in the horse, but still shouted loudly. Sitting on the horse was a red-haired man with great strength."Nothing better than Kaiser's feeling to lei"To shut up"In the middle of the cavalry team is a super fat man. The big fat man is holding a large axe in his hand. The big axe is also a blur after waving.Obviously the strength is very good"Father? Dawson Chamber of Commerce president?"Lei rushed to the foot and took a two-step hurry to catch the cavalry"Yale boss, Renault, GeorgeLei shouted loudlyStill yelling at Yale, I could not help but watch itReynolds and George, both of whom had been riding silently, also saw it.When seeing the lei with blood stains on the body, especially on the shoulders of the lei, they were familiar with the shadowy mouse, ‘bebe’, and the eyes of all three of them were suddenly red."Lady!" Three people shouted in surprise.