Black Dragon, belongs to the top of Warcraft in the strongBlack Dragon family, generally nine World of Warcraft, strong in the family, and may even be a strong sanctuaryWhether it is nine-level Warcraft or SanctuaryNone of the ‘rapid dragons’ met yesterdayAt the moment, a group of children and three instructors from the eastern open space of Wushan Town are only a few hundred meters away from the Black Dragon. Such a close observation of a black dragon with a length of 100 meters is more effective than any language.The most shocking thing is that in the top of the black dragon hovering in mid-air, at this moment, a gray robe is standing proudly, the wind screams in the air, and the gray robes hunted, but he stood straight, like a javelin, in the The steady state of rock like a meteoriteHis eyes are staring at the middle-aged green man in front of him. The middle-aged man in green is carrying a long sword.At this moment, the gray-footed man in the black dragon is facing the middle-aged man in the green-clad carrying the sword.Volley and stand! In addition to the wind magicians who can perform seven levels of magical ‘flight’, only the strong sacred people can do it.The middle-aged man in the green coat bears a long sword, no doubt expressing his identity.Warrior, Sanctuary Level Warrior"Has the Black Dragon's gray robe? And there is a strong sanctuary who can fly?" Lin Lei, only eight years old, saw this scene.Even though I saw a big battle yesterday, I was completely shaken at the moment.Not only him, but Hillman, this six-level soldier, was shocked at the moment.... "The strong sacred people turned out to be strong sacred places.Hillman whispered, his body quiveringIn fact, Hillman, who had experienced many times between life and death, was fully awake. Even though he was awake, Hillman still felt like he had dreamed the past two days: “Yesterday I came to an eight-level double magic. Teacher, it's better today, and come directly to the two sanctuary powers and a black dragon. I'm not shocked by Hillman's life.Hillman felt a little dizzy in his headBlack Dragon, that is the top of the World of Warcraft, the minimum is nineTo be able to reap the Black Dragon, the Ten Commandments are the sanctuaryAnd from another point of view, dare to fight with the sanctuary strong, only the strong sanctuaryThis shows that people in the grey robe are the sanctuaryA group of people such as Hillman are hundreds of meters away from the Black Dragon. Even the hearing of Hillman and others is better. The dialogue between the two strong Sanctuary strongmen cannot be heard.I don't know what the two strong sacred people are talking about, saying, “Oh ~~~” Suddenly the huge black dragon suddenly ran out of anger, and the huge wings fluttered violently. The threat of stock terror spread directly. All people, including Hillman, felt that they could not breathe and their legs were weak."This is Longwei?" lei also felt his heart is like a huge rock to pressure can not breathe, but lei still feel excited, the body's blood has boiled upThis black dragon is too strong"Rudy! You shouldn't go too far!" Only hear that the middle-aged man in the green suit suddenly slams violently, and the violent cries like a thunder echoing between heaven and earth.This sentence was not only heard by Hillman and others, but everyone in Wushan Town heard it.When that violent drink drew, the Longwei of the Black Dragon was also lifted, and everyone's breathing was normal.Hillman yelled and whispered: "Rudy Rudy?" For a moment, Hillman suddenly reacted, suddenly turned to look at all the children and shouted: "All people give me Come home, fast, go home, give me home to hide good, fast!!!" Hillman's big drink, and that look like, make all children burst of worry<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div></strong> Hillman knows for himselfObviously, there is a contradiction between the two strong sacred domains and it seems that they must start hands.The Sanctuary strong opponents, if a group of children are on this open space, there is no building protectionIt is estimated that a little influence from the strong energy of the sanctuary may cause all children to lose their lives.The strongest of the Holy Lands, but it has the strongest level of ‘destroy the earth’Although it is an exaggeration to say that “destroying the land and destroying the land” is an exaggeration, it is normal to destroy the city and destroy the mountains."Come on, don't be in a daze, go backfast! ! ! Hillman made another shout and pushed some childrenAll the youngsters were completely clear-headed, although they did not understand why Hillman had asked them to go back. Although the heart still wanted to watch the battle of the sanctuary strongmen, but Hillman’s majesty, still made all children one by one quickly towards home. Go to"Luo Rui, Roger, fast, you will send some six-year-old children back quickly. Hurry up. The battle of the strong sanctuaries, once it spreads here, the consequences..." Hillman's face was full Anxious"Yes, captainLuo Rui and Roger fully understand what their captain thinks.Luo Rui and Roger were both busy hurrying to pick up the slow children, holding two in their hands and carrying two backs.Hillman also joined in, quickly picking up a group of children"lei, come home soonWhen Hillman was running with a child, he ran into the lining ran."I know, Uncle HillmanLei said loudlyAlthough lei was only eight years old, but the speed of running was catching up with the fourteen-year-old boy. When running, lei turned from time to time to look at the sky in the east, the circling huge black dragon, the two sanctuary strong This is deeply attracted by the lei"Captain, Master Hog, let us come" I saw eleven and two soldiers ran from the direction of Baruch House and saw that Hillman shouted at once."Quickly, send the kids backHillman immediately ordered"Yes, captain"Those fighters rushed to see a slow child who was running six or seven years old to give him a quick return." Go home and go home! Hide it, protect yourself! Hillman shouted loudly.Hillman has a high degree of authority in Wushan Town. His words make many people who are scared of seeing the Black Dragon know what to do. At this moment, the whole town of Wushan has become a group, all the children, all the work. When people arrive home, this time, only the solid stone-built houses can protect them.Lei directly into his home"Quick, hide in the basement of the warehouseHogg is standing in the courtyard at the moment, seeing lei drinking directlyThe basement of the warehouse is the largest and most solid basement in the Baruch family estate, where you can definitely keep your life."Yes, FatherLei nodded and immediately ran toward the warehouseLei fast running, but my heart is still thinking that marching black dragon's gray robe people and that green people, lei could not help looking up to the east sky, the town's buildings are relatively low, the eastern hundreds of meters can be clear seeAt that moment, the Black Dragon kept whispering"Tyron, since you are so stubborn, it's no wonder that I'm"I heard only a cold voice reverberating in the sky, and then I saw black dragons constantly raging furiously and blazing flames in my mouth."“Rudy, I’m going to have a look today. How powerful are you in this sanctuary?”