Obviously, the middle-aged man in the green coat carrying the sword is called ‘Tilon’, and the grey-clad man calls ‘Rudy’.The black flame that blew out from the black dragon's mouth at the foot of the gray robe covered the green body of the middle-aged man like a smog. The middle-aged man's watch in the green-clad suddenly glowed with a dazzling aquamarine light, and the entire person was aquamarine rays. Protected, no black flame damageAt the same time, a sword soundsThe sword squeaks louder than the dragon cymbals.The middle-aged man in the green-clad suit held a long sword and hit it with a sword. A giant tens of meters of giant fanatical sword-mansions directly cut through the sky and slammed into the grey-clad man. The grey-robed man still looked at the giant sword. Mang, motionless, and constantly chanting magic spells in his mouth"This is Jianmang it? Such a huge Jianmang?" lei while running to the store, while turning his head and looked at, "How does the gray robe people block it? By World of Warcraft Black Dragon?" "Pang!" Black Dragon did not even resist, Let the giant Jianmang directly squat on the body of the grey-robed man. The grey robe on the grey-robed man's body exploded directly and exploded, but after the crack opened, he revealed a radiant glow in the body of the grey-robed man. The armor of the bodyguards, the armor of the bodyguards are dazzling, like diamonds.The giant Jianmang was in this armor, and it did not hurt the slightest glance."how is it possible?" lei really stunnedLei running do not look at the feet, accidentally stepped on the stone, lei fell a downfall, but lei still turned and looked at the eastern sky, "that is what armor, defense how so powerful?" "lei, fast, do not Daze"Hogg saw lei like this, could not help ranting"Yes, FatherLei this awakened, quickly climbed up, directly to the direction of the warehouse"Rumbled ~~~~" suddenly there was a terrifying sound between heaven and earth, and then the whole town of Wushan rang a terrified scream, and lei turned his head to the sky again.Lei was scared to see it?? I saw the eastern sky actually hovering from the dense rock, each stone has a house size"Oh!" "Yeah!" "Yeah!" ... All the boulders of the size of the house, the surface is shining with yellowish light, swiftly across the sky, like a meteor to the middle-aged man in green clothes.Each megalith is estimated to have nearly 100,000 jinSuch a huge stone is not much larger than the stone of the ‘Talbot’ during the war.It is the wall of the city, I am afraid I can’t bear it.A boulder is so scary, and now, at a glance, it's denseThe huge stones of the size of the houses were successively carried toward the middle-aged man in the green clothes. This scene totally shocked the people of Wushan Town."Pang!" The first stone squatted on the middle-aged man in the green suit. The green body of the middle-aged man in the green suit suddenly rose. The green-haired middle-aged man suddenly became a 'green sun'. The whole person radiates a dazzling green lightDense rock tides generally raging siege to the middle-aged green peopleAlmost blindingly, middle-aged man in green clothes was surrounded by a large number of huge stones, but he could see the green light coming out from the cracks."Pang!" only heard loud noises, and a huge rock exploded, and all the rocks were completely destroyed by the terrifying aquamarine grudge.The size of each house’s boulders has shattered into small and large gravels and it has been thrown off in all directions.From the height of several hundred meters, plus the grudge force of the grudge, the power of the gravel shot is very strong and the distance is very far.“Oh, no!” said Hogg, his face suddenly pale, and Hillman was still on the streets of Wushan town at the moment.They all understand that the disaster in Wushan town has come! I saw countless gravels. The large ones were nearly two meters in diameter, and the small ones were almost as big as one. These gravels were launched from an altitude of several hundred meters and they were not regularly launched into the surrounding mountains.Each boulder is shattered into dozens of hundreds, of which nearly one-fifth of the crushed stone is grazing toward the Wushan area.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>“父亲Lei could not help shouting at Hogg in the distance"Quick, go inHogge slammed angrilyAt the moment, Lin Lei is a few tens of meters away from the storeroom. He listened to his father's wrath, and Lin Lei couldn’t care for others. He rushed toward the warehouse.Hearing only "H", "Boom" and "Boom"... The voices of countless stones continue to ringLike an earthquake, a doomsday scenario"Hey!" A huge stone with hundreds of pounds rubbed the body of lei, kneeling in the foot not far from the lei, the ground took out a big pitLei could not help but a burst of cold sweat, if it is worse, his little life is gone"Bang!" "Bang!" "Bang!" "Bang!" ... The stone shatters the sound of the roof, smashes the screech of the slate, shakes into the ground, and screams of stunned people. The sound of the ringing sound continued to form the scene of the last days"Hey!" is a few big stones in front of the LEI, lei do not dodge from speed backIf you always dodge, how do you hide in the warehouse? "Master Lin, fast"One person in the warehouse quickly rushed out and it was Grandpa Hili.Shiri flashes a red riotous shield at the moment, and Shiri runs directly toward Lin Lei."Brother, fast, fast"At the door of the warehouse, Walton, who was only four years old, seemed to cry, shouting loudly at Lin."Wharton, go in, fastLei cried"Oh!" A very rare stone with a foot length of nearly two meters shoots from the far sky and shoots directly to the storehouse.Lei took note of this scene, brains calculate it all at once?? this huge stone once squatted in the roof of the warehouse, at the moment in the warehouse door Wharton, will certainly be injured, and even ... ... was strangled! "Quick, go in, WhartonLei's eyes were almost tearing, roaring, while the entire person rushed toward the warehouseDo not take into account the falling stones in the sky, do not escape, lei directly to Wharton rushed to the fastest speedIn the face of lei, sheri couldn't see the back of a huge stone rushing to the warehouse, and lei saw clearly, once the rubble in the warehouse fell, how can the body of small wharton resist? "The youngest lei"The steward Xiri saw lei like thisThere are two or three stones and squatted around the lei. LEI is like a leopard. The eyes are staring at Wharton. He slams into the warehouse.Heri, who had turned his head, only saw the two-meter-diameter stone that had fallen to the storeroom at this time, and Hillyton was pale."Your Majesty!" lei burst into anger, expression 狰狞Little Wharton had never seen his brother's expression be so terrible, was scared immediately squat down, tears in his eyes looked at lei, Xiaodizui: "brother??" And lei directly a flutter, flutter Wharton's bodyNearly the same moment, "Bang!" The huge impact, the horrible boulder staggered on the roof of the warehouse, although the slate on the roof of the warehouse was strong, but it faced such a huge rock, and it still shattered and cracked. Even the walls were earthquakes. It's cracked and collapsed"Master??" The housekeeper Hiri eyes suddenly red, the body suddenly burst into vindictiveness, the whole person flew in the same way as the red flicker of lightning, the body surface to form a protective body hood, while the two palms quickly to the wall collapse of the gravel , The collapsed wall gravel, with the housekeeper Shiri, almost at the same time pressure on the lei body“Rumbled ~~~” For a while, Wharton, lei, and housekeeper Shiri were completely buried by the collapsed walls.Hogg in the courtyard, holding a giant sword to see a fast-breaking stone to fly, but when turned to look at the direction of lei, see lei pounced on Wharton, and housekeeper Shirley immediately When I went to fly to protect, it was totally silly.The warehouse collapsed and the gravel fell down"LEI??" Hogg's eyes went redAt this moment Hogg couldn’t tell whether it was in the first place that Hirley had to hold down Lin, or whether the gravel hit the lei first.