"Boom!" "Boom!" "Boom!" There was an intermittent crash in the town of Wuwushan. In just a few moments, there was no more gravel in the sky.Those boulders were completely destroyed by the middle-aged man in green clothes.But at this moment, people in Wushan town have no energy to pay attention to the battle in the sky."General Hoge, the situation in Wushan Town is very bad. Just what did you do with Hoger? What happened to you?" Hillman rushed into the mansion and had just reported two sentences. He could see Hogg's dumbfounded expression. SayingHogg's body shuddered and his brain recovered from the Qingming: "LeiHogg rushed past the direction of the coffers, and the speed was very scary. Hillman also guessed something in the scene and immediately rushed in."Peng!" Hogg has not yet passed, and the gravel piles that suppressed housekeepers like Shiri, Lin Lei and Wharton were broken.Housekeeper Shiri straight up from there"How's Uncle Hiry?" Hogg's voice trembled, and Hogg looked at the crouching figure. The first thing that caught the eye was a large piece of blood in the head of the lei. The blood was so dazzling, Hogg only. Feels dizzy in his head, and the entire body is not allowed to shakeLei still use their hands to hold the ground at this time, do not let themselves pressure the following wharton"father"The tender voice came from the bottomWharton slowly crawled out from under lei's body. Wharton was physically small and fully protected by lei. No injuries were found."Brother, brother, what's wrong with you?" Wharton pushed lei's body"Lin Lei, Lin LeiHogg's voice was also slightly tremblingThe housekeeper Heary said in a loud voice: “I’m still a bit slower. Although there was a gravel that was blocked by me, I could still hang on the head of Master Lin, but the impact should not be heavy."" I, I'm fine"The low and hoarse voice sounded, lei tried to look up and looked at the side of lei, opened his mouth and tried to squeeze a smileAt this moment, seeing his son's smile, Hogg's tears flowed straight down.Lei threw himself up and sat up. There was a large pool of blood on his clothes. The blood stains on his face and neck. The stone was on his head. lei flowed a lot of blood.At the moment, lei felt some dizziness. lei still looked at his father. The voice was weak and said: “father, you are in tears."" I, nothing" Hogg's face also has an excited smile"Wharton? How did you do that in the warehouse?" lei touched his brother's head and said dissatisfiedly.Wharton also knew that he was wrong and lowered his small head: "My brother, I'm sorry"The next housekeeper, Shirley, said:" This is my fault. In fact, the disaster came too suddenly. I took Wharton to the warehouse, and saw the youngest LEI who was in danger and immediately saved Lin Lei.I didn't expect it. Just a moment later, there was a huge rock going up to the storehouse. It was my fault.""boom! "Suddenly it was a violent shockEveryone changed his face and looked towards the eastern sky. He saw a giant floating in the air. The giant was nearly ten meters high. His muscles knotted, his face was cold, and his body was yellowish. He saw the khaki giants in the green. The old people are constantly fighting and the roars that strike each other like a thunderboltJust from the impact of each other's voice, you can imagine the power of the tawny giant terrorEvery blow by the khaki giant is far beyond the bombardment of the tens of thousands of megaliths.Lei looked at the sky enviously: "this khaki giant, should be the gray robe people who display magic to summon itLei guessed that after all, that gray robe is a powerful sanctuary magician"LEI, how are you feeling?" said Hogg, worrying.Lei exhaled a smile: "nothing but just a broken head, some blood flow"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Master Lin, you're bleeding a lot, bleeding too much will kill you"The housekeeper Shiri has taken a white silk cloth from the warehouse and helped to wrap up the wound on the head of the lei.Hogg looked deep at lei: "How is the condition of lei uncle herry?" steward Hirry smiled at Hogg: "Fortunately, lei's physical quality is very good, and not fainted, should The problem is not heavy. It only takes a few days to eat more meat to supplement the blood. There is no problem.Hogg's heart was a breath of relief at this timeJust now, when lei rushed to wharton and protected wharton, hogg really scared, he really feared that his son was dead.Taking a deep breath, Hogg looked at Hillman: "Yes, Hillman, you just said that Wushan Town, Wushan Town, is now suffering from casualties?" "The specific situation has not yet been fully statisticalHillman looked a little heavy. "But according to what I probably saw, some people in the town should die, and many people are seriously injured and disabled!" Well, this catastrophe is coming too fast, even though I have already shouted, but many people still have time to hide in the cellar."" It is too fastHogg looked up at the sky to the eastThe strong sacred people and the residents of Wushan Town are completely two levels of people.The Sanctuary strong can wave the town of WushanThe massive bombardment of huge rocks and the destruction of a large number of boulders by the middle-aged man in the green suit are just a tentative test.It can only be explored and the resulting gravel can bring disaster to Wushan Town."The legendary land is ten magic, and it is also a taboo magic - the element of earth 'the earth guard'. The strength of the 'earth guard' is extremely terrible. It belongs to the strongest single unit of the Sanctuary of the Holy Land.Hogg looked at the ochre giant and said coldly.Hogge was the patriarch of the Dragon Blood Warrior family. Although the Dragon Blood family had declined, but over 5,000 years of ancient heritage, the family had a record of various magical attacks on the strong man.Hogg can be recognized at a glance"Ten Magic Wizard" lei took a deep breathHow lei longed for lei, and one day he could use black dragons to display ten levels of magic that destroyed heaven and earth.Think of this, lei naturally think of magic enrollment, "to late autumn when the king will have to recruit magic students test, there are six months yo" lei heart looking forward to six months after the magic enrollment test"Sillman, I will go to check with me about the residents of Wushan Town."Hogg said in a whisper, and then he looked at Hirry." Uncle Hiry, waiting for the two strong sanctuary to leave, you take lei to change clothes and let him rest"" Yes, adults"Hiri noddedHogg looked to the moment to concentrate on the two sacred strong fights of the lei, smiled and said: "Lee this kid is injured, or want to see the Sanctuary strong fightFortunately, the Sanctuary Magician displayed a ‘Guardian of the Earth’, presumably this battle was over.Lei is now staring at the sky in the sky-shattering fierce battle, did not notice the chest hanging on the chest - because the head was smashed, in his clothes inside his chest as a 'dragon' The ring of the ring 'is also contaminated with blood. The blood of the dragon's ring, which is stained with wood-like material, is as if it were dropped on a sponge. It was absorbed by this strange black material.The surface of the Panlong Ring was even faintly shining with a shadow of light and shadow.Only the Ring of Dragons was blocked by the clothes of Lin Lei. The shadow of the dragon ring was not noticed.