The Puang Empire was founded on a very long time. It was born more than 8,000 years ago. The entire Puang Empire remained for nearly three thousand years and was eventually exterminated.The territory of the Puang Empire was the sum of the territory of the Holy Alliance and the Dark Alliance today.It can be said that the 12 kingdoms of the West of the Mountain of Warcraft and the 32-nations of the World of Warcraft are the territories of the Puang Empire. It is thus conceivable that the territory of the Puang Empire is vast.However, the Pu'ang Empire has long since vanished! "More than 5,000 years ago?" The old man, who had to be white, had a slight glimpse. Then he sighed. "In the ring of the earth, we cannot accurately perceive the passage of time. I did not expect to wait for me to come out of the ring of the earth. My country has already lost 5,000. For many years"" Grandpa, what did you say? I'm confusedLei feels like a blur at this time. The grandfather suddenly came out and said that he was the sanctuary of the pugong empire that had been destroyed more than 5,000 years ago.Is there something more ridiculous than this? Lei even wondered if he was dreaming"brat“The old man with white hair looked at lei and smiled and said, “This ring in front of your chest is the artifact that I used in that year."" Slow, slow! Lei immediately raised his head and said, "What the ring of the earth, the ring in front of my chest, but my family ancestors left me the ring, it is called - Pan ring! "" Ring of Dragons? Its original name is Panlong Ring? The old man said in surpriseLEI Yiyi"Original name, what was the original name?" lei puzzled looking at the old manThe old man laughed. "Oh, this ring of dragons should be your name, or your name from your ancestors.In fact, this ring, when I discovered it, checked all kinds of data and didn't find out its name, and then I was good at playing at home and called it 'The Ring of the Earth'.As for its original name, I do not know"Oh, Grandpa, you started from yourself. Now that it is mine, I'll give it the name "The Ring of Dragons"."" lei is very stubborn"Okay, well, it's called Panlong's Ring."The old man said with a smile and did not arguing with lei"Grandpa, you said, you come out of the ring of dragons. What is going on?" lei continued to inquireThe old man said with a smile: "In the year 4280 of the Magnolia calendar, I ..." I heard this, lei secretly scared: "4280? This year is 9990."" Magnolia Calendar In 4280, I met my old rival Sacred Mage 'Hamlin', and we both fought against each other.I didn't think there was another sacred strong sneak attacking me in secret... In the end I was defeated and I didn't want my soul to be tortured by my enemy 'Hamlin', so I confided myself to the earth... ...'Popular Ring' in"The old man will slowly come to something"The Panlong Ring is very magical. At first glance it does not seem to have the slightest breath, but the effect is to catch the artifact.I am self-proclaimed in the soul, Hamlin they searched for so long, did not find me, but also lost the dragon ringThe old man said with a smileLei secretly nodThe dragon's ring seems to be very ordinary. Lin Lei is an heir to the ancient family and also has some eyesight.General treasures, there are some elements of the atmosphereBut the ring of dragons is like a wood that has been defeated."Grandpa, you said, you were attacked by a Sanctuary Magistrate and another sanctuary strongman more than 5,000 years ago. Finally, you self-proclaimed the soul in the Dragon Ring? And this Dragon Ring, or a treasure that is comparable to the artifact?" lei said at the end"Correct"The old man saw lei understood and couldn't help but smile and nod"The grandfather, how did you come out of the dragon ring?" lei wondered old manThe old man explained with a smile: "In fact, when I put my soul in the ring of dragons, it became a soul in the ring of dragons.Pinned on the ring of dragons and existUnless someone is again the master of the Dragon Ring, I will never be able to escape from the Dragon Ring."<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>" Become the master of the dragon ring? "Yes, that is, the blood drops on the Ring of Dragons."The old man laughedLei yi wrinkled, his mouth moaning: "the blood drops in the ring of dragons?" frowning thinking for a while, lei suddenly thought of it, he was stone in the head and pulled out a wound, when the blood is red His clothes and neck are also estimated to have infected the Ring of Dragons."Oh, then I am the owner of the Dragon Ring.Lei nodded"Yeah, you became the owner of the Dragon Ring, and I was able to come out of it and feel the atmosphere of Magnolia again."The old man's face also has a smile." Right, little guy, I just told you my name. What's your name? Lei smiled: "My name is lei, lei lei & baruch! "" lei, a good nameThe old man said with a smile"Grandpa, you have to be bound by the dragon's ring forever, can't you recover freedom?" lei was too unbearableThe old man smiled and nodded: "LEI, you have to know, after the death of the average person, the soul will enter the underworld! And after I died, because I was a holy mantor, the spiritual power has become essential.I can resist the call of the underworld in a short period of time and take the chance to self-close myself in the ring of dragons.And there is only one way I can get rid of the ring of dragons. It consumes all spiritual power."" Consumption of all spiritual power? Lei some puzzled“Spiritual power is a human expression, and the dead are also called 'the power of the soul'. When the spiritual power is completely consumed, the soul will automatically dissipate.In other words... When my soul is dissipated, it is the time when the Dragon’s Ring"The old man said indifferently," but now it's fine, although I can't leave Panlong's ring three meters because of the shackles of the dragon, but it's still very good.Lei heart a trembleSuddenly, there is something pitiful about this old grandfather in Lin Lei."Oh, lei, I'm very satisfiedYou don’t know... if my soul was caught by Hamlin, I’m going to die.The old man sighed and said“Grandpa, you called Delincott, can I call you Grandpa Delrin?” lei suddenly saidDrinkovow, a great sanctuary in the Pu'ang imperial era, was in a top position and was also ranked in the top five in the entire Magnolia continent.Only the sacred sacred ‘Hamlin’ sneaked with another sacred strongman to make Dreincott’s fallHowever...Drincowwater had no children and no grandchildren in his life.Now listen to lei, call him grandfather delin. Delinkewater's heart that has been lonely for thousands of years suddenly feels warm."Okay, good"Drincowwater is also very happy in his heart at this time."Lei suddenly has a touch of surprise and said: "Grandpa Delrin, you just said that you are holy magi, then you can teach me to learn magic?" lei's heart 'flick, pounce' jumped up, in front of people More than 5,000 years ago, the Holy Land MageIn lei's mind, the huge body of ‘raptor’, the terrifying scene of ‘spirit of fire,’ and the endless rock that descends from heavenAnd the proud silhouette of the black dragonHow I long for one day - I can stand on the top of the black dragon and fly between heaven and earthDeling Kettle had a white beard and his eyes lit up: "That's fine, of course. You grandfather is the greatest land of the sanctuary, but in all magics, the land system...it is the strongest. Great!” said Old Deling, speaking of magic, the whole man was uplifted.