In an instant, he passed another half a year. In the hard training of the body and fighting power, lei spent the warm spring, hot summer, and entered the cool autumn.A row of towering poplars next to the open space on the east side of Wushan Town now blew in every gust of wind, and there were always a lot of yellow leaves floating and falling slowly.The entire open space is also covered with yellow fallen leaves.The sky is getting darkToday, there are more than 300 people in the eastern open space."This evening's training will end hereHillman said with a smile. “Before this, everyone would wish us a group of children who are going to join the army in Wushan Town.When the fall of the farmers was busy, it was the season of joining the military. In the era when the entire continent was martial, every teenager was proud to be a great soldier.Of course, there are many people who want to be magicians.It's just too hard to become a magician. There are people who are qualified as wizards. There is probably only one in 10,000 people.With such a low probability, most people do not want toIt's easy to become a warrior, reach the age of 16 and reach the lowest levelAs long as these two conditions are attached, it is easy to enter the army.“Uncle Hillman, thank you!” one hundred twenty-sixteen seventeen-year-olds bowed respectfullyUsually these teenagers do not come to participate in training. They are all adult and have their own work.But they were trained by Hillman since childhood.Hillman is equal to their mentorBefore joining the army, they had to bid farewell to Hillman.Hillman looked at the group of teenagers who were seventeen and eight, full of vigor and emotion.Because he knows that these children are full of enthusiasm for military career at the moment, but after ten years of military life, how many of these children can come back? "Twenty-two, I hope to survive halfShirman's expectationsHillman looked at this group of children and said: "You boys have heard me clearly. You are a man from Wushan Town, and a man from Wushan Town should stand up to his chest and meet any challenge. He shouldn't be afraid. Did you hear that?” The seventeen-year-olds all stood up and stood straight in their bodies. The hot eyes had hopes for the future military life. They both replied with a loud voice: “Heard!” well"The straight body of Hillman's station, the cold eyes have a unique style of soldier"You will set off tomorrow and you will be ready tonightI am very clear about your strength. You can all easily enter the army! I, Hillman, wait for you in Wushan Town to go back to Wushan Town after the scenery! Hillman repliedThe one hundred twenty-six juvenile eyes could not be let goRong Rong’s hometown, this is the dream of every teenager"Now, I will order you to go back immediately and prepare and dissolve!" said Hillman sternly."YesOne hundred and twenty-six juveniles respectfully answered, and then the one and one-hundred-twenty-two teenagers left one by one in the eyes of nearly 200 children who had not yet grown up.And tomorrow, they will embark on a new journey“I still have two years and I’m in adulthood. I’ll be able to join the army by then."I really wanted the bloody life of the military. If I stay in Wushan town for a lifetime, I will live for a long time and it will be boring.""... A group of 13-year-olds talked to each other. The youngsters are all looking forward to a life of enthusiasm.They want to build their careers, they want to be adored by girls, and they want to be praised by their hometown people.This is their dream! "LEI, today your father, M. Hog, is very important. Don't play with other children. Go back with us.Hillman walked in front of lei and looked at lei in front of him. Hillman was also very happy in his heart.Lei is very smart, in the education of his father Hogg, many words are learned, the general books can readReading books, this is a very luxurious thingGenerally only the nobles have the opportunity to readThe Baruch family is a very old family, books are very much“Uncle Hillman, I know, my father’s wife has already given me three times today.My father has never paid so much attention to one thingI will not play here” lei grinned and said, showing a row of white teeth, but one row of teeth in the center but one lessLei, has begun to change his teeth"Well, there is one less front tooth and it's leaking when I laugh.Hillman said with a smile, "Go, go back*************************************** After the family had dinner in the front yard of the ancient mansion house of the Baruch family, lei was playing with his younger brother, who was only two and a half years old."Brother, hold, hold"Small Wharton's pure eyes without impurities, looked at the lei, but also struggling with a small step stretched out a pair of fleshy hands toward lei happily ran over, lei waiting for the small quietly waiting for the small Wharton came over"Walton, refueling, refuelingLei encouragedLittle Wharton's steps make people worry about fallingHowever, the small Wharton finally unexpectedly rushed into the arms of lei, wharton that the water as soft as the crystal skin at the moment red eyes, a pair of yo yo excitement eyes looked at lei, milky shouting: " Brother, brother"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>Watching her own brother, lei has an endless loveNo mother, no grandparentsAlthough there are fathers and old stewards to take care ofHowever, the precocious lei is very loving for his own brother.In LEI's view, he is a brother and he should take care of his younger brother."Wharton, what did you learn today?" lei said with a smile.Wharton frowned, a cute expression, thinking for a while, and then excited: "Today I learned to use linen,!" "Burlap?" LEI could not help but smile, "What did you rub?" Wharton's fingers said: "I used the linen cloth, rubbed the floor, then wiped the chamber pot, and finally wiped the bowl... Yeah, right, eat the bowl!" Wharton looked at the lei excitedly and looked forward to arrogant praise"You wiped the chamber pot, then rubbed the bowl?" lei eyes wide open"How, right? I wiped cleanWharton looked up at his small head and looked at his brother in puzzled eyes."Master Lin, your father is looking for you, Master Wharton, let me hold it.""I saw a kind old rosacea man walking over. This rosacea old man is the Baruch family steward ‘Shiri’.In addition to the housekeeper, the whole family did not even have a maid.Lei refused to discuss things with Wharton. When Wharton was handed over to Grandpa Hirley, he rose to the living room."My father, this time I'm looking for me. What is it for?" Even though she was still young, lei felt that the father was looking for him.Step into the living room, a clock in the living room is higher than in the cornerThe clock, which is considered to be a more advanced item, will generally be owned by wealthy or noble families.Lin Lei’s father was sitting in front of the fireplace and facing the fireplace. The flames of the fireplace were burning constantly, and sometimes the ‘breaking and peeling’ sound of wood shattered."Why? Father how to change clothes?" lei saw the father in the living room was surprised at the heart up, when his father was at home, the general wear is very simpleWhen I was just eating dinner, my father just wore ordinary clothes. Now, it is replaced with a set of luxurious clothes.Hogg, the whole person has a unique temperament of the ancient nobles, that kind of temperament can not have money to haveIt was an old family tradition.The family that has passed 5,000 years of inheritance is what the general family can compare. Hogg stood up and turned around. When he saw lei, his eyes lighted up."LEI, follow me, go to the ancestral hall.Uncle Hiri, you know about my family, and come along with it.Hogg said with a smile"To the hall?" lei surprisedThroughout the entire Baruch family office, family members usually live in the front yard, and some of the backyards are generally not clean.There is only one ancestral hall in the back and the ancestral hall of the ancestorsEvery month someone still goes to clean"Now is not the time to worship the ancestors, go to the court doing?" lei a doubtOut of the living room, Hogg, lei, and the housekeeper Hirley holding Wharton, these people walked along the stone path with long history and had gone to the back yard.In late autumn, the night is coolCool breeze blowing, lei is also not a shiverOnly LEI did not say anything because he felt the unusual atmosphereFollowed by their father, lei they entered the hall"Oh!"Closed the gate to the clanLighted a row of candles in the ancestral hall. The entire ancestral hall was bright, and lei saw at a glance the spiritual position of the ancestors at the front of the ancestral hall.The denseness of the spirits also explains the ancient history of the Baruch family.Hogg stood quietly in front of numerous spiritual positions and could not say anythingLei at the moment is also very nervous in mind, the entire hall in which only the burning sound of a row of candles, quiet terrible, people feel that the heart is very depressedSuddenly, Hogg turned and stared at the lei, solemnly said: "LEI, there are many things to do today, before this, I will first tell you about some of the Baruch family.Lei felt his heart rushed and pounced"What is the family thing? What is it?" lei is also looking forward to heart, but he dared not say anythingHogg's face has a touch of pride. He replied, "LEI Lei, our Baruch family, has passed on for 5000 years.Looking at the entire Kingdom of Finlay, it is estimated that no second family can catch up with our family’s ancient family.Hogg's tone contained absolute prideAncient, this is something that nobles value very much"LEI Lei, do you know that there are four ultimate fighters in the history of the Magnolia mainland?" Hogg turned to look at Lin.Lei lei nodded his eyes and nodded: "I know, I heard uncle Hillman said, the legendary four ultimate warriors, namely Dragon Blood Warrior, Purple Flame Warrior, Tiger Warrior, immortal warriorHogg smiled and said with satisfaction: "Yes, I want to tell you now! The four ultimate fighters actually represent the four ancient families. Our Baruch family is an ancient family with noble Dragon Blood Warriors! ”