Lei directly ran back to his residence and then closed his door from the insideQuickly took off his shoes, lei jumped directly to the bed, and then sat down casually: "Grandpa Delin, come out and help me test the magical talent"Lee is very eager, but when I was just eating lunch, I always remembered this thing.I saw a misty streamer shot from the Ring of Dragons and landed on the edge of the bed, turned into Drincowwater.Derlin Kewot smiled and said: "LEI, don't worry. The first thing I have to tell you is... Because I don't have any special testing tools, I can only test if you have the talent to be a 'magician'. As for other departments, Without tools, I can't test"" Can only test the talent of the magic of the ground? Lei heart disappointedHe also heard that he wanted to test talents and needed some special tools. However, LEI thought that Drincowwater was a Sanctuary Magistrate, and he might have some special measures."What happened to the land? Lin Lei, I tell you, the land system is the most powerful system in the earth, fire, water, wind, thunder, light, and darkness."Drinkovt is full of pride in his face, apparently full of confidence in the earth system."After all, Drein Corvette himself is the Holy Land MageLei some do not believeEach department should be balanced, how can it be the strongest? "Grandpa Delin, how do I hear that the fire department magician attacks the strongest? I heard that the dark attack is extremely strange? How to be the strongest?" lei said, frowningThe original affable Delin Corwater was somewhat displeased at this time: "LEI, I tell you, in the magic of each department, the attack power alone has its own merits!" "For example, the fire system, the taboo magic, the sky and the fire, the fire Burning the city', this move comes out, a huge city will be burned cleanFor example, water system, taboo magic ‘absolute zero’ out, hundreds of thousands of people will be instantly frozen to deathSuch as thunder, taboo magic ‘Tian Lei kills the world’ out, that thunderbolt thunderbolt, who can survive? For example, the wind system, the taboo magic ‘Destruction Storm’ came out, and it was like a knife-like storm all over the place. The result...” Drinkovt sighed.Lei heart quiverHe also believes that the most powerful fire magic attack, it now appears to be a joke, no matter which department, to which level of taboo magic, have the power of destroying the earth"What about the land?" lei did not forget the groundDrincowwater confidently said: “How could the land system be so bad? The taboo magic of the land system, the taboo magic, the “rock falling in the sky”, and numerous pieces of large meteorites falling down from the sky, blinding a kung fu city to become ruinsThere is also a taboo magic ‘blowouts’. This move will cause the earth to flip like a wave, the houses will collapse, the earth will crack open, the underground magma will erupt, and there will be countless casualties.Lei listened to breathe“There is also a wide range of taboo defensive ‘pulse guard’ at the same time. When the pulsation is guarded, a city’s sky, ground, and all directions are invulnerable, even if the opponent’s display of ‘Torsei’s death’ can resist“Drincowwater said that it was fun, and then smiled and said:” Of course... I’m talking about devastating range attacks, not single attack magic.Lei noddedHe can hear that Grandpa Delin is talking about some devastating big magic"Grandpa lei, as if the Department of the taboo of magic is more? How is it?" lei puzzled saidDeling Kewater smiled confidently and said: "LEI, you don't understand this.In fact, the magic of each series is almost the same, only in different circumstances have differencesFor example, in the water areas such as the ocean, the magic of the water system is the strongestIn some windy places, the strongest wind magic"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Lin Lei knew something"Lee ... ... the magician across the continent, the battle site, almost all on land, and on the land, the Department of the magician is the most occupied cheaper"Drinkovt has a smile on his face." With his foot on the boundless land, the ground magician has the greatest reliance.Lei stunnedAll magicians have their best skillsThe magicians of the Magnolia continent are almost always on the land. Naturally, the magicians are the most dominant."In each line of magic, after the elements of the earth originating from the earth are integrated into the body, it is the best for the improvement of the body. The mother of the earth is also the most merciful to us.“Drinkovt has a look of admiration on his face. “When we sit on the ground with a magician, we can feel the broadness of the earth, feel the pulse of the earth, and feel the care of the earth."Earth-order magicians, attacking, taboo magic, have a monolithic 'earth guard', a devastating 'earthly crack' and a 'rock drop'."There are also large 'pulse guards' in defense and taboo magic.There is also a monolithic 'Guardian of the Holy Land,' and the Monopoly of the Department of Magicians is the strongest! "Drinkovt is full of self-confidence"Monocratic defense? Grandpa Delin, the Department of Magic of the Department of Monopoly Defense the strongest?" lei puzzled looking at Deling KewaterDerlin Kewot said with a smile: “The defense methods of the ground magicians were, at the very beginning, very common soil shields, earth walls, etc.Once you become a 5th-level wizard, you can cast a Guardian of the Holy Land, and the Guardian of the Holy Land is an advanced magic."At the time of the 5th and 6th level magicians, this holiness covering the whole body is made of rocks, and when it reaches the 7th level magician, this holiness will be composed of 'jadestone' and when it reaches the 8th level magician, this sage铠 铠 由 铠 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶 晶When you become a sanctuary magician, cast a Guardian of the Holy Land, and the Holy Ghost will be composed of a diamond.Strong defense..." When it comes to this, there's a smile on Derinkhoff's face.Lei heart can not help but sighThis area is a very strong series of magicians.The ‘Guardian of the Holy Land’ reached the sanctuary and was completely formed of diamonds.Lei knows diamonds are very hardAnd this earth's guardian sacred ‘diamond’ is not an ordinary diamond. It is formed by magic and is harder than ordinary diamonds."Ah, yes--" lei suddenly remembered the two strong sanctuaries who fought over Wushan Town. He remembered that the middle-aged man in the green-clothed man was once tied to the gray-robed man, and the robe of the man in the grey-robed body was Cracked, revealing an interior set of diamond-like trenchesThe sanctuary named Rudy was attacked by a sacred scorpion that had resisted tylon."That is the diamond-level 'monster guardian shrine?'" lei secretly scaredEven the Sanma Warrior's Jianmang attacks can be hard-wired, so you can imagine their defense"So I said that the department is the strongest of the various magical systems."Drinkingwater's white beard curled up, apparently very contentedAfter all, humans want to live on the earth, live on the earth, and fight on the earth.Naturally the magician is the cheapest