In fact, whether it is magic of the ground or any other magic, it has its special effects.And Drew Corwort as the Department of the Holy Land Mage, naturally most respected his own department, and only eight-year-old lei was also the spirit of the delinquor said"Grandpa Delrin, you quickly gave me a test, I have not become a talent of the Department of MagicLei is very anxious this timeDerlin Kewater smiled: "Okay, I'll test it for you right away.""I told you first that the magician's talent is mainly divided into two aspects, so I'll test it in two stages.“Drincowwater is a bit of an upright person at the moment, and has been loneliness for more than 5,000 years on the Dragon Ring. At the moment there is a lovely child who teaches. He certainly enjoys it.“Magic talent, divided into two aspects: the strength of affinity to the world and the level of spiritual power."Drincowwater began his initial education in magic"What is the use of these two aspects?" lei asked inquiredDelin Kewotte followed the good direction: "LEI, before asking this, I first ask you, a magician to cast a magic, need to rely on what?" "Magic spell!" lei immediately saidLei saw the mysterious magician on the back of the raptor performing magic, whispering magic spells"wrong""I saw the magician cast spells and he had to read magic spells.Lei immediately counteredDeling Kewater, with a white beard, proudly said, "The magician must cast a magic. The most important thing is the body's 'magic power' and 'spiritual power'.If the mental power is strong enoughYou can even do it instantaneously, without having to read magic spells or magic spells, but only help.""Oh? Instant? Lei puzzled looking at delincowaterLei feels at the moment that a vast magical world is gradually emerging in front of his eyes, but this magical world is still very vague, and Deling Kewater is gradually pulling away the mysterious veil of the magical world.Derlin Comvert smiled and nodded. "Yes, to apply a magic, first of all, the body must supply enough magical power, and then the mental power to control the "magic power" to attract more elements of heaven and earth to form magic!" "" lei surprised, "Grandpa Delrin, display magic, but also need to absorb the elements of the outside world?" "haha, that is of course, lei, do you think a huge magic can rely on the magic of the body can be achieved? impossibleSuch as a taboo magic, the magic power of the sanctuary magic body only occupies 1 percent, the remaining 99 percent, are the elemental energy of heaven and earth"" Let's just say this... The magic power in the body is actually the 'world element' after refining.Magical power can be called ‘general’, and the elements of heaven and earth are creeps.The magician guides the body's magical powers out, controls more elements of the world, and creates powerful magic. Do you understand? "Drincowort smiled and looked at leiLei could not help but frowned"Oh I seeLei smiled and nodded. "The magic power inside the magician is like Uncle Hillman. And the element of heaven and earth is like we are waiting for a group of young people. Uncle Hillman can lead us to train a group of people."He can also lead us to a group of people to attack and fight! "Drincowitt smiled and nodded." Yes, so the "magic power" in the magician is very important. If the amount of magical power is not enough, you will not be able to send out magic.Lei nodded"Spiritual power is more important than magical power“Drincowout said with a smile,” You now know that spiritual power is actually the power of the soul. It is a control ability! "" LEI, you say, a lot of magic power, and then attract more heaven and earth elements! With so much energy, if there is no spiritual power to control... then what will be the result? "Drincowott touched Bai Xu and looked at Lily quietly."Lei frown thinking"Grandpa DelinLei said with a frown. "I have read some of the art of warfare on books. I said above...For example, bandits kill the leader of the bandits, and the bandits army will automatically collapse and lose.That spiritual power is like the ‘control ability’ of the leader of the bandits leader.Without the control of spiritual power over a large amount of magical power and heaven and earth, these energy will also riot."<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>Drincowaugh laughed"Haha, lei, really smart"Drincowwater laughed and opened the flowers“Yes, a lot of magical power, the elements of the world, and then the control of ‘spiritual powers’, and eventually the formation of magic! Sometimes it is necessary to cast a strong magic and require too much spiritual power.So you need the aid of the ‘magic spell’"Drincowwater said with a smileLei only feels the basic principle of huge magic, all of a sudden see clearlyDeling Kewater smiled at lei and continued: "Of course, that is just the basic principle. The real magic world can be more complicated than you think! How to form a 'magic' by magic and heaven and earth elements. , is the most important! ""There is magic, but how does it not send out 'magic', what use is it?" Delin Kewot sighed, "The magic world, it is a very complicated world, magic Research is also very difficult and dangerousHowever, various countries have competed and numerous magicians have been studying new types of magic."In fact, all countries are studying how to form different magic through different arrangements of magical powers and world elements!" It's just that the magic experiment is dangerous. The more devastating magic, the more difficult it is to test.After all, sometimes it will cause disaster on one’s own side“Drincowwater said with a chuckle:” Generally, at the Magic Academy, only one or six levels of magic can be learned, and seven, eight, nine, and even the magic of the Holy Land are all confidential. ofUnless you join a country, you may learn some magicLei read a lot of books, in my heart also understand"If no one taught you? Even if you have more magical power and higher mental power ... you can't display a magic!" Deling Kewater said with a chuckle. "What's the secret of every magic? Control magical power and heaven and earth elements to form magic"" For many years of research and exploration, magic has also formed an almost perfect system."Drincowate touched his white beard and laughed." lei, don't worry, you won't have to bow to some countries or some great people because I can teach you seven, eight, nine, Even Holy Level MagicLei took a deep breathHe feels he has stepped into a new pathUnder the guidance of Grandpa Delin, he did not need to walk the road of warriors, and embarked on a more mysterious and powerful wizard road."Come on, now I'll first test your elemental affinity. You sit down and cross your knees first, close your eyes, and go into meditation."Drinking Watert said gently"Mental state?" lei feels heart beat this timeWhat about your own talent? "Don't worry, you need to feel and feel something. Just tell me when it's time."Drincowwater encouraged lei to smile, lei immediately closed his eyes and tried to calm himself down"Don't worry, just follow what I said."Drinkingwater whispered...... Meditation is the foundation of the magician. Whether it is to absorb the elements of heaven and earth and transform it into ‘magic power’ or to increase spiritual power, it requires meditation.The first meditation is more difficult and dangerous, and of course there is the assistance of the Sanctuary Magister Drincowort. LEI is still relatively easy.The first time, after about half an hour of induction, lei finally entered a state of meditation.Deling Kewater looked at lei who had entered meditation, smiled indifferently and wavedSuddenly - a large number of elements of the ground began to gather around the lei, in general, the density of the elements of the ground in the next place is about the same, and at this moment Delinquewater relying on its tyrannical spiritual force, let the land around lei The element is nearly 100 times richer"If there are no ground elements under such conditions, then there is no hope at all."Derlin Corvette's Heart ChannelIt is full of strength and it is what most people can senseAt this moment, Lin Lei, who was completely in meditation, was very happy and excited. He never knew... There were so many magical things around him. Numerous khaki spots floated around, dense and scary.