"LEI, do you feel it?" Delin Kewater's voice gently rang in the mind of lei"Grandpa Delin, I feel it, a lot of khaki spots, a lot of ... too much, dense, thousands, and there are hundreds of yellow spots on my back, too much.Lei feels a lot of khaki spots floating around, heart is very happyDrincowwater heard this news and suddenly rejoiced"Well, now you are slowly, as I said, do not even think about anything, quietly ... ..." Delin Kewot as if hypnosis, just let lei recover from meditation in a whileAt the same time, Drinkovel also gave up the bondage to those elements of the earth, and suddenly the concentration of the surrounding ground elements returned to normal.Restored from the meditation state, lei only felt that he was completely refreshed, completely different from the past, and even in a sober state, lei can feel the fluctuations of some of the elements around the family, although there is no feeling of meditation Clear"Grandpa Delrin, I can now feel the fluctuation of those khaki spots.Really, although not clear, but it can be blurredLei is very excited at the momentThe first time into the magician's world, lei is very excited“What did you say? Now feel it too?” Derin Comvert was shocked because the concentration of elemental elements at the moment has returned to normal concentrations.And lei is not in the state of meditation at the moment ... ... can be felt in the case of conscious, that lei's elemental affinity ... "Grandpa delin, how do you not speak? how about the affinity of my elements?" lei worried about saidLei does not know his performance is good or bad at the moment"Very good, very good, your element has a very high affinity"Drincowwater's face is full of smiles." As far as I know, it is estimated that it is difficult to find an element in one thousand magicians that can keep up with you. Really.Lei just felt the heart jumped at once, excited not knowing what to say"Of course, elemental affinity is just a part, and spiritual power is the most important! After all, as long as the time is enough, magical power can always be increased. Only the limitation of spiritual power is the biggest obstacle to the improvement of the magician."Drincowwater said seriouslyLei took a deep breath and nodded"Now check the second item, your spiritual strength is high and low"Drincowwater looked at lei seriouslyLei also know that spiritual power is very important"Grandpa Delin, what do I need to do?" lei watched Drincowate, he was ready"Nothing"Drincowwater laughed"Hey..." LEI Yiyi"I am the soul of the Dragon Ring. You are the owner of the Dragon Ring. I can fully feel the strength of your spirit.No need to test at all... I can tell you now! "Drincowort smiled and looked at lei"I, how is my spiritual power?" lei held his breathThe strength of spiritual power determines its own destiny"Your spiritual strength is about ten times that of your average peer."Drincowwater smiled and saidLei heart could not help a burst of joy, ten times ahThis is not a small numberBut Drinkovt went on to say: “The magician, generally one in ten thousand, is the most important because of the high spiritual requirements.The magician's bottom line is to achieve five times the average peer's ageAs far as reaching ten times their age, it can only be considered as a medium level in the group of magicians.Lei's original excitement, suddenly fell down"If you are an ordinary person to teach, you are at most the level of the fifth and sixth magician.But... if the person who teaches you is me, it’s different."Drincowwater's white eyebrows lifted with a hint of self-confidenceLei suddenly reactedYeah, Drincowwater is a Sanctuary Magister."As long as lei is willing to work hard to reach the eighth magician, I am absolutely confidentWhether you can become a 9th-level magician or even a holy magician depends on your own understanding and opportunities.“Drinking Watert sternly said, “If you don’t work hard, I’m afraid that even six magicians can’t reach it."There are good mentors who teach it on the one handThe most important thing is to look at yourself"Grandpa Delrin, don't worry, I won't let you down, nor will my father let the Baruch family downLei's mind came up with many spiritual places in his family, and one of the great stories behind the spiritual positionReap the glory of the Baruch family! Lei rolled hot in the chest! "Very good. From tomorrow, I began to formally teach you"Drincowort looked at lei, eyes shiningAt the moment Delin Kewater once again has the confidence of the Sanctuary Magister! <div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>... From the next day, lei started a difficult hardship dayBecause she could not tell her father about the existence of Deling Kettlet, Lin Lei had to continue training the soldiers in the early morning and early evening. In the morning, he still needed to be in front of his father for politics, religion, etiquette, art of war, geography, art, etc. LearningOnly in the afternoon, when it was originally free, LEI would go above the “Ushan” in the northeast of the town and hide in a quiet place. Under the guidance of Drinkovt, he learned knowledge of magic and worked hard. Learn magic and meditate at the same time to work hard to make magicAlso, after dinner every night, lei spends a lot of time on meditation.Lei sleeps for only six hours a day. Other times are all in warrior training, knowledge learning, magic training, meditation, etc.Do not think that six hours of sleep is enough. Actually, every day, meditation exercises are very tired and more tired than normal people.Lei sleeps very deeply every day for six hours of sleepEnrichment, extreme enrichmentIn this kind of day, the time goes by one day, lei's progress is obvious, even can be regarded as a change! In the course of these hard-working efforts - for the first time, the elements of the earth were absorbed into the body and magical surprises were created in the body; there were also first-time oversights, a state of near-fainting that consumed too much spiritual power; and The first time the real cast was cast was the excitement of magic. Even if this first magic, it only made the ground grow a tiny 'ground spur' that was only 20 centimeters long. The perseverance and speed of progress have also made the praises of the sacred domain mage, 'Drincowwater' of the Puang Empire, 5000 years ago.Because the soldiers training every day uninterrupted, lei's body is becoming more and more solid, because the absorption of magic elements and refining the magic elements of the ground and often meditation, lei the whole person's temperament has become quiet and stable up, lei's change, but also make the father And surprisingly surprised by Hillman et al.****** Spring is coming, it is autumn in the blink of an eyeMagical enrollment is only a month awayBaruch family residence in backyard courtyard"Call, clean and tidy, it's time to practice magic. Yesterday, I even succeeded in exhibiting 撼 术 术.Lei feel very good at the moment, stepped out of the hall and closed the door to the dungeonWalking on the mossy slate road, LEI walks easily and smoothly, with almost no soundThis is a kind of strength that the land division magicians almost all have, because the earth is the source of magicians in the land, so they can do their steps with no sound."咦?" Lei Lei brow wrinkledEars moved, lei turned his head and looked in the direction of a distant courtyard in the ancient house: "Sound?" Immediately quietly walked towards the side, lei's pace is very light, usually can do almost no sound At the moment, deliberately for the moment, it is no sound at all.Step by stepWhen lei walked to the courtyard door and looked inside - "what is that?" lei suddenly opened his eyesI saw a black rat that was nearly twenty centimeters long and was biting a gravel. Then the black rat flew directly to the place where there was a bluestone a dozen meters away. It also blew a few drops.The black mouse was soft and furry, his eyes were dripping, and his hairy tail was very cute.Even the black rat actually stood upright with two hind legs and jumped to play."Cute little mouse, amazing speedLei hid in the door of the hospital shockedRats are unlikely to be so big. Rats are usually annoying, but this mouse is adorable, especially with special eyes. It seems to talk.The most important thing is... The speed of this mouse is too fast."This speed, I am afraid that six levels of Uncle Hillman can not catch up with it, how so fast?" lei saw this lovely black mouse figure is a movement of more than ten metershorribleDeling Kettle flew out of the dragon ring, standing beside lei, looked at this black mouse with some surprise: "Shadow mouse, turned out to be Warcraft" video mouse, see body type, it should be just Warcraft Young children in 'The Shadow Mouse'""Shadow Mouse, Warcraft's Shadow Mouse"? So big, is it just a toddler? Lei surprised to see the side of the delincowaterIn addition to some time ago to see the bloodthirsty Iron Cattle, Griffin, Raptor, Black Dragon and a few other Warcraft, this is the first time that lei saw another World of Warcraft, this cute mouse, even if it will be World of Warcraft? Will release the magic of Warcraft?