"Warcraft "The Shadow Mouse"? Grandpa Delin, this Warcraft "Shadow Mouse" in the end what is strange, it is a few levels of Warcraft?" lei and Deling Ke Watert spiritual exchange, at the same time with the look of expectation Deling KewaterDeling Kettle smiled slightly, deliberately pretending to cough twice, before slowly swallowing his voice: "The Warcraft movie mouse, can not be said to be a few levels of Warcraft, because it is a raceRats are divided into two main types of Warcraft, one is a stone-eating rat, one is a shadow mouseBut whether it is a stone-eating rat or a shadow mouse, they eat omnivorous foods. They eat stones, bones and even meat.Lei secretly noddedJust now he saw the black shadow rat feeding stone"World of Warcraft is mainly divided into nine levels, a level of Warcraft is the weakest, of course, there are sacred level on top of World of Warcraft Warcraft!" Delin Ke Watert looked at lei, "LEI, the weakest stone-eating rat For gray phage rodents, first- to third-grade phagozoa are all gray, except for slight differences in color.The stone-eating rat that reaches Level 4 is silvery, reaching a level of seven. The body surface will be golden! The golden stone rat is also the lowest level of Warcraft, and may be high level of Warcraft."" lei, this is a very terrifying group of stone rats, mainly the number of too many teeth too sharp, than the shadow of the mouse's teeth to be sharp, if there are countless phagosaurus hit, it is hundreds of thousands of troops It is estimated that it can not withstand"Drincowwater sighed and saidDerlin Kewater recalls a disaster of the yearThe rate of the stone-eating rat is not as good as that of a shadow rat, but the body of the stone-eating rat is like steel. The more it is a high-ranking stone-eating rat, the body becomes harder and the teeth are sharper.Do not look at their small size, but when the number is more than one, then the horror is extremely high."Army soldier's weapons, can't kill the stone-dwelling rat, but the stone-eating rat can easily kill the soldier."Drincowwater sighedLei brain can not be emerged from the densely covered pebbles out of the pebbles, the same as the flood erosion of the army, and then countless soldiers to lick off, think of that scene, lei could not help but a chillhorrible"Two of the rodents in World of Warcraft, wolf rats are superior in defense, teeth are sharp, and there are a large number of stone rats.What about Shadow Mouse? The number of shadow rats is also quite small, but it is far less than that of stone rats."Drincowwater is like an encyclopedia, as if everything is clear"The Shadow Mouse, how powerful is the Shadow Mouse?" lei urgedAt this moment not far from there is a black shadow mouse, lei naturally want to know this shadow mouse powerful"That's the lowest level of stone ratsThe shadow mouse is different! The weakest shadow mouse is also a three-level Warcraft, and the body hair is black! When the whole body turns blue, the Shadow Mouse has reached Level 5 of Warcraft.When the body turns purple, at least seven levels of WarcraftHigh may also be level 8"Derrinkovt said plainlyLei secretly nodOn the scales, this shadow rat is no weaker than Ephemeris“Grandpa Delrin, according to what you said, in the third and fourth grades of the shadowed rat, it should be black hair, and it will become blue after five levels.That little mouse is a three-level or four-level Warcraft? Lei looked at delincowater and inquired"This black rat is not unusual“Drinckervot’s eyebrows wrinkled.” “The stone rats have a full-body defense and their teeth are sharp.This shadow rat is known for its fast speed and sharp teeth! Speed... This is a good rule for judging the strength of a shadow mouse"It's fast, and it's more than ten meters away from blinking, but since it's a shadow mouse, it should be normal."Lei still remember clearlyDelin Kewo characteristics of the first: "The speed of the shadowed mouse should be fast, but a shadow mouse is still in the 'toddler' stage, the speed can reach the speed of the adult shadow rat, this is not normal"Drinkovt's face also has a hint of laughter"Not ordinary?" lei watched DrincowwaterDerlin Kowalt continued: "Yes, in the early childhood period, there is a speed of reaching the fourth-level Warcraft Shadow Mouse. When it is fully adult, it is estimated that it will reach a level seven purple shadow mouse.I doubt... he is a child of a purple shadow mouse"" Purple Shadow Mouse's child? Lei doubted, but its hair is black"Drincowwater laughed:" lei, no matter it is a purple shadow mouse or a blue shadow mouse, their hatchlings are all blackOnly with the increase in strength, the color of the body surface will slowly change! Color is a symbol of strength! Lei heart suddenly: "This is the original"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Grandpa Delrin, according to what you said, this shadow rat speed is really amazingNow the speed of this shadow rat, I feel slightly faster than Uncle Hillman, but you said that it is only equivalent to a level 4 adult shadow rat.Four levels of Warcraft Shadow Mouse, comparable to the speed of the six-level warrior ... ... "When it comes to this, lei can not help but sigh againDelin Kewotte also laughed: "LEI Lei, if not, is it also called Shadow Mouse?" The same level of shadow rats, running up, can instantly fling the same level of human soldiers far away"The Shadow Mouse is a rare World of Warcraft, especially the lowest is the seven Warcraft "Purple Shadow Mouse", many magicians want to regain a purple shadow mouse, but the purple shadow mouse is too fast, adult purple shadow Rats are precious, but they are difficult to accept, but it is easy for children who can become shadow rats of the Purple Shadow Mouse, but it is a thousand years to meet the children of Purple Shadow Mouse alone."Drinkovt laughed and looked at leiLei can also imagineThe Purple Shadow Mouse has a minimum of seven levels of Warcraft, which means that this purple shadow mouse is also at least one level with the 'rapid dragon'."LEI Lei, the purple shadow mouse is the king of the shadow mouse, you can order a large number of shadow ratsAlthough the number of shadow rats is not as scary as that of stone rats, there are manyChildren of Purple Shadows have a lot of video protection when they are under age"Dring Corvette glanced at the black shadow rat that was eating the stone in the distance."“You’re so young and you’re the child of the Purple Shadow Mouse. I really don’t know how it will be in your family’s house. There’s no other protection for the adults."Drincowwater said with some sighsLei also agrees with what delinkwater said"Lei"Derlin Corvette looked to lei's eyes suddenly became a little weird, with a hint of temptation, said:" Regardless of why the purple shadow mouse young children are here, but do you want to take this little shadow mouse do? The rate of growth of the shadowed rat is relatively fast. Even the young children of the purple shadow mouse can be fully grown within ten years.You can have a 7 or even 8 World of WarcraftLei could not help but feel excitedSeven, eight World of Warcraft, but it is difficult to accept clothesIn the early childhood period, it was much easierRecipients in early childhood, but also sub-categories, some of the fast-growing World of Warcraft, and some of Warcraft slowFor example, the dragons, some dragons need a thousand years before they reach adulthood, but humans can't wait so long.This shadow mouse belongs to a relatively fast growing classChildren who can meet the purple shadow mouse are too difficultAfter all, the more powerful World of Warcraft, the more emphasis on their own child protection, although do not understand why this little mouse will come to his family's old house, but the children of the purple shadow mouse in front of their own, this is a fact"LEI Lei, as long as you have a purple shadow mouse, it means you have an army of shadow rats!" Deling Ke Watert smiled and looked at LEI. "This is a purple shadow mouse, more precious than other seven-level, eight-level Warcraft place"Drincowwater has been puzzling leiOnly eight and a half lei, how can you stand it“Grandpa Delin, how did this purple shadow mouse get in?” lei looked at Derlin Kettle with a slight excitement.In the heart of Delin Kewot, he couldn't help but rejoice: "If Kobayashi is really able to take this shadow rat, I can rest assured afterwards."Drincowwater knows that he is only a spiritual body and there is no magic power at all."No magic sanctuary, no damageHe cannot protect leiIn the past six months, Deling Kewater, who has been a simple and persevering child as his grandson, has naturally found ways to improve his own ability."Lin Lei, calm down“Drinking Waterworth solemnly said,” Even the children of the purple shadow mouse, the speed is comparable to the four-level adult rat, you can not catch up with your uncle Hillman, you simply do not have the ability to forcibly accept, and you can not Layout a magical array of 'soul contract'Lei leiThe feverish head suddenly fell cold and smiled. "I think of it, I want to let it be surrendered. The first one is to make it really submit. The second one is to set up the soul contract magic array. At least the magic array reaches seven levels. Magician can reachLei can not help but disappointed唉 唉 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力 实力