"LEI, don't be discouraged. I only say that you can't force you to take over. You didn't say there was no way to take it."Drincowout smiled." If it is an adult shadow rat, I'm afraid there is no way, but... It's just a shadow mouse child. As a holy guru, I deal with a child with a purple shadow mouse. There are ways, and do not require you to arrange the soul contract magic arrayLei cool ground suddenly hot up, look to Drincowuter's eyes are bright up"Grandpa Delin, just say ah, in the end what?" lei excited toneDrincowout laughed and said, "It's very simple. Actually, the soul contract of the soul-defense magic array belongs to the master-servant contract.You can let Warcraft surrender, naturally qualified to become his masterAnd now we have no way to set up a ‘master’s’ contract, we can only take a step back... and conclude this “equality contract” with this shadow mouse."Equality contract? Lei doubted, "what is that, how have I never heard of"You haven't heard normal, that is, five or six thousand years ago, when I lived, people who knew the ‘equal covenant’ were extremely scarce.”"Drincowout said with a smile," Equality contract, on behalf of you and the status of Warcraft equal, it seems less than the master-servant contract, in fact, "equal contract" will let you communicate with Warcraft, more intimate, World of Warcraft will be more sincere to help , will be more perfect with each otherLei heart suddenly"Oh, Grandpa Delrin, I hear you say so, the advantages of the equality contract are many, why are most of them not used now?" lei some doubtsDrinkovow laughed and said: "Because the equality contract is not humanly arranged, but it is the conclusion of World of Warcraft itself."" World of Warcraft concluded? Lei leiNo wonder it is necessary to arrange the soul contract magic array, the original is World of Warcraft concludedDeling Kewater continued: "Every World of Warcraft has the ability to set up an 'equal contract' after birth, but each Warcraft can only conclude an equal contract once in life, unlike the master-servant contract, as long as the owner lifts the master-servant contract. The man can also use the master-servant contract to regain this World of WarcraftLei nodded"But it is very difficult for WoW to be willing to conclude an 'equal contract'."Drincowout solemnly said," To make World of Warcraft feel that you are its loved ones, feel that you are reluctant to leave you, it will be willing to enter into an equal contract with you.Lei nodded slightly"The wisdom of adult Warcraft is very high. If you want to impress your adult Warcraft, make it feel that you are a loved one, it is almost impossible."Drincowate sighed," But the children of Warcraft are different.That is, the intelligence of human infants is not high, it is easy to deceive, give something delicious, he will like you, not to mention the intelligence of WoW toddlersWorld of Warcraft children's intelligence is even lower than human infants, as long as you often give it delicious, let it like you, and then play with it, it does not take long, this World of Warcraft children will love youEspecially out of the group of lonely children of Warcraft, it is easier to take over"After listening to the words of Deling Kettle, lei heart suddenly"It turned out to be a kid.Lei laughedThis he is very experienced, childhood waltung fun with his younger brother, how to marry children, lei is very familiar"LEI, don't be too confident. If you want to marry a child of Warcraft, there are many things you should pay attention to. If you are not careful, maybe the mouse will bite you directly.“Drincowwater reminds us"Bite me?" lei saw the black shadow mouse in the distance, the sound of the licking stone could not help but a shiver, this eating stone seems to eat bread like ordinary, lei no doubt The sharpness of a monster of Warcraft"What should I do?" Lei did not grasp the heart suddenly“Reassured, according to what I said, there is absolutely no problem, but according to my ‘stupid approach’, what is needed is enough patience. Do not rush."Derlin Kewot slowly said the 'stupid approach', "" LEI, Shadow Mouse is omnivorous World of Warcraft, stone, bones and even meat to eat, but the favorite is still meat, grilled meat especially likeThis is the experience of seniors"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "So you have to slaughter a little beast on Osan before it's far away on the ground. Remember, don't try to get close to it, eat it every time, wait until it comes to you"Drincowate laughed," You take the initiative to close, may cause its panic and eventually lead to attack you! And waiting for it to come close to you, then there is no danger""The method is stupid but most secure"Drinkovt said with a smileLei heart suddenlyThe method is stupid, but it's simple enough"Grandpa Delin, will this shadow mouse run around?" lei worried and said, if she gets a roast, but this shadow rat slips away, then there is no way"No one can tell you, look at your luck, but I think I should not walk in a short time.Said Drinkovt"Okay, I'll kill the beast nowLei nodded and quickly ran toward the outside, lei running up and stepping on the earth is very real, can be surprised but there is no soundThis is a major feature of the ground magicianWaiting for the back of the old house group, lei resumed normal running, footsteps still sounded"Master Lin, went to Oshan?" The housekeeper holding a broom sweeping Hidey watched lei running and laughing"YepLei quickly ran outIn the past six months, Lin Lei went to Osan to practice magic almost every afternoon. Others didn't know that lei practiced magic, but she knew that lei likes to go to play in Wushan every afternoon.****** In the autumn, most of the trees on the Osan Mountains are dying, but there are still many evergreen trees and red maple trees.I saw a flexible figure shuttled through the mountains, and LEI's footsteps were silent. The whole person was smart and fast.After six months of absorption of ground elements, lei has not only possessed the magic power of the land, but also improved physical fitness.Today, the lei is comparable to the fifteen-year-old boy from Wushan Town, and already has the strength of a first-class soldier.There are still many squirrels and rabbits on Osan, and the ferocious beasts are relatively rare.This is why adults are assured that their children go to play in Osan. After all, Osan is an ordinary hill with few large beasts, let alone Warcraft.Lei suddenly stopped in the footsteps, eyes fell in the distance a small yellow rabbit is eating grassEven rabbits with high alertness do not feel the arrival of lei at the moment."The hare responds extremely fast and the speed is fast, still use magicLei immediately began to meditate and played a magic spellLei feels that the magic of a small area of ​​the center of his chest is starting to swell.The fighter's grudge is stored in the ten centimeters below the navel, and the magical power of the magician is stored in the center of the chest, which is exactly the middle point of two lines.As for the spiritual power (the power of the soul), it is naturally stored in the mindIt doesn’t make much difference whether magic spells are silent or low-pitched or high-pitched.Just let your spiritual power reach a specific state with the ‘magic spell’In just a few seconds, Lin Lei, who had silently thought about magic spells, suddenly opened his eyes and looked at the hareDepartment of the ground, a level of magic - to puncture! "Oh!" I saw a sharp burr that suddenly poked directly from under the hare and directly pierced the hare's abdomen. The red blood penetrated and the red fur on the abdomen of the hare was suddenly attacked. The hare suddenly struggling, but the sooner the struggling blood flow becomes, the sooner