Lei suddenly rushed in and grabbed the hare's throat with one hand. He only heard a squeak and the hare would not move until he was struggling.Since watching the two battles half a year ago, the ‘bloodthroat’ in the blood of Dragon Blood Warriors has gradually begun to take off."I have reached a level warrior, a level magician, but attack power, or stronger magicLei clutched the hare, could not help but sigh with a smileMagician is mainly divided into nine levels, it is easier to reach level magicianAs the number of stages increases, the more time you need, the more time you will need! Even a lot of powerful seven-level and eight-level magicians can hardly increase their level of time by spending a hundred years.The level of magician, qualification is good, can be six months, even if the qualifications are not good, as long as meet the conditions of becoming a magician, within two or three years can also become a magicianHolding this dead hare, lei ran straight down the hill"LEI, why don't you get cooked? This monster of Warcraft loves meat, but it's a favorite."Drincowwater's voice rang in lei's mind"Grandpa Delin, you shouldn't have a childLei ran while changing her storyWhat did Dr. Lynn Corvette say that he had no grandchildren and that he would not hesitate to go to marry a child? "Oh, it's not"Drincowwater still admitsLei confidently said: "I often whalk Wharton, I told you, to children, it can not be too good at first, otherwise every time the child is better, even betterNow that the shadow rat is eating a stone, I will give it to him now. It must be very happy. Let it eat raw meat for seven or eight days, and then I will give it a barbecue again. It must be more happy."Drinking Watert suddenly understoodWhy is it that old age does not understand this truth, and it is the same when the reins of his men’s hands? Let’s give a bit of sweetness to the men and give them good later.Otherwise, there are too many benefits at once, but later it is difficult to meet the **“The reason I read this book is that it is about raising monkeys.Lei laughedDerlin Kewotte suddenly felt that although LEI was only eight and a half years old, he was not worse than some teenagers."It seems that the education of the Baruch family really has some effect.“Drincowwater admired in his heart that education to open wisdom, but most of the civilians are incapable of receiving education. Some good magic and warship colleges, regardless of entry conditions and tuition fees, are not accepted by ordinary civilians.... and grabbed a hare to go home, even if people in Wushan town saw itIn fact, since lei ‘spurs’ can be used, he often brings some hares home."The youngest lei is terrible, he seized the hare again.The residents of the town smiled and saidWalking on the street, lei is laughing politely."I don't know if the shadow mouse will eat something given by othersTaking a deep breath, Lin Lei stepped into the group of old houses behind the family's mansion and carefully stepped closer to where the shadowed mouse was. There was no sound at every step.Just a moment, lei once again arrived in that place"Lying mouse?" lei looked at the courtyard of the ancient house, only some gravel in the yard, some withering leavesSome traces of gravel were foraging, but there was no shadow of the shadowed mouse in the courtyard of the entire ancient house. LEI couldn't help but feel disappointed and uncomfortable: "Grandpa Delrin, the shadowed mouse disappeared. It was only an hour. Did you leave?” A streamer flew out of the Panlong ring and turned it into a white moon robe of Deling Kettle.Derlin Kewot also frowned and said: "Shouldn't it be, only an hour, the shadow mouse left?" Suddenly - "Oh, oh ~ ~" The familiar faint sound of food rang again Lei opened his eyes and immediately walked next to a wrecked old house yard, went to the threshold, clearly see the black shadow mouse is constantly moving for food stone, as if a sculptor, a stone Food is grotesqueLei stood at the threshold"砰!" lei deliberately kicked a little noise on the lintel"Yeah!" The black shadow rat slammed into a sudden move, and suddenly it leaped to ten meters away. The two WuYu eyes stared at the direction of the doorway. All of a sudden they saw lei, eyes full of vigilance.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Come on, for you to eatLei smiled at Warcraft's Shadow Mouse and threw the hare at the thresholdShadow rats may not understand the words of humans, but lei understands that ... the higher intelligence of Warcraft, you should understand the meaning of 'smile'After all, World of Warcraft is not a beast. Their intelligence is only lower than humans. Some powerful World of Warcraft are even more obstinate."Can't hurry, can't hurryLei persuaded himself in the heart, and then they resisted to leave directlyThat Warcraft "linger" to see lei left, and then see the hare, just waiting for a while in the same place they could not bear to stay at the door yo suddenly stunned the past, but also looking far away, at the moment lei has gone far away Now, look at the hare in front of him. The monster of Warcraft suddenly stands up excited and jumps up."Hey ~~~" a happy rattle in the mouth of a Warcraft movie mouseThen quickly began to bite the rabbit meat, the sharp teeth that bite fast particularly fast, do not look at Warcraft "The Shadow Mouse" is not large, but the body is bigger than the hare, in addition to fur, it was actually this World of Warcraft' The Shadow Mouse's last meal was clean and there was no bone residue left"Hey ~ ~" Shadow Mouse's throat moved, and then very humane patted his stomach, very excitedCompared with blood and flesh, stones are obviously more deliciousAfter eating, Xiao Ying rat looked away from the direction of lei, in the heart of young Xiaoying rats, the goodwill of the teenager immediately increasedAfter all, was born shortly before, or is a child of Warcraft, even in the heart of Xiaoying rats have some expectations, that boy will give it a hare? Before the day, before dinner"I don't know if the little mouse will eatLei is now walking in the backyard ancient house group, directly to the afternoon in the old house where he lost the hare"lei, rest assured, then a Warcraft child, mouth is very"Drincowaugh's laughing voice rang in Lin's mind."Lei also nodded slightly and only walked to the threshold for a while. I saw that there was some bloody hare fur on the threshold. As for the rabbit's flesh and bones, it was all gone.See this scene, lei eyes suddenly lit"GreatLei fistsThe first step is successful. What you need afterwards is to persist! The next afternoon, lei killed a hare and a pheasant and left the hares with Grandpa Heeley ready to be broiled for dinner at night. As for the pheasant, she was directly placed in the old place. Threshold"This is a Warcraft video mouse that looks right thereLei smiled and looked at the courtyard fell in the eyes of the Warcraft movie staring at himself"LEI, it looks like it is in good condition. It now sees that you did not immediately flee, indicating that you are no longer hostile to you."Derrinkovt saw this scene and also secretly delighted by lei."It is good luck to be able to meet children who have been awesome for World of Warcraft."I really don't know what the parents of this little mouse have done."Derlin Corvette also secretly puzzledLei threw the pheasant at the threshold and spoke two words to the little mouse. He smiled and still retired, but this time they did not leave directly, but they looked back while they walked.The little mouse rattled out for a while and looked around. After seeing the lei in the distance, she was not too scared. She immediately tore down and gnawed the pheasant.... The third day, the fourth day, the fifth day ... this kind of day continues, lei continues to meditate daily, while at the same time often send hares, etc. to the little mouse to eatThe whole Wushan town including Hogge, Hillman and others did not know that lei was practicing magicSimilarly, they do not know, lei is taking care of a child with four levels of power of Warcraft! Only looking at the growth of Lin Lin Delin Kewot clearly"This small town in Wushan can't trap lei"Looking at the lei that is contemplating the accumulation of magical power, Delin Kewoert has a look of hope. "One day, he will take the adult purple shadow mouse and set foot on the broad stage of the entire Magnolia continent."”