Over time, the little shadowed mice that hadn’t felt much love were not very alert to the lei. Even on the eighth day, lei took down the hare and did not take two steps. The little mouse suddenly rushed out. Eat it, but also screaming leitenth day! "Well, it's time to try the barbecue for Xiaoyinger today.Lei wrapped up a roast pheasant with a small bag and walked happily to the old house behind the mansionDeling Kewater also walked alongside LEI. However, no one could see him except for LEI. Delin Kewot smiled with a white beard and said: "LEI, it's been nine days. Now the shadow mouse is right. You don’t even mind, and today you get a better roasted meat. It’s sure that it’s very exciting and your relationship will be more affectionate.Lei could not help laughingWhen lei just came to the threshold when the original - "hey, hey ~ ~ ~" Xiaoying mouse suddenly picked up around lei, and stood up and jumped and yelled on lei constantly"I haven't gotten it out yet. It ran over and I wasn't afraid of me at all."lei surprise in a burst of heartsNext to Drinkovt, he smiled and looked at the little mouse. The little mouse didn't feel the existence of Deling Kettle at all. Delrinkwater laughed and said, "Now it looks like this little mouse has compared to you. Close to"" 吱吱 ~ ~ ~ " Xiaoying mouse yo yo eyes staring at lei, dissatisfaction cried, as if to urge lei to quickly get food out"Don't worryLei took the roasted pheasant from the bagWhen the smell of roasted pheasant was heard, the small dark eyes of Xiaoying’s mice lit immediately, and immediately afterwards, they looked at Lin LEI very poorly.Lei saw this scene can not help laughing sigh, when he had a good time in front of a small wharton, wharton whispered: "brother, to"Poor looking at yourselfNow this little mouse has come to this set"Oh, give youLei threw the pheasant to the little mouseXiao Ying rattled loudly and quickly picked up and bitten the roasted pheasant and ate the first one. The little mouse's bite speeded up immediately. Only a moment later, the roasted pheasant that had been about the same size as Xiaoyinger was eaten. Clean"I really don't understand how big your stomach is, how can you swallow it?Lei smiled and sighedThe little mouse seemed to be very happy to eat this time. He stood upright and jumped up and screamed at Lin Lei, and he had to hold LEI on the two forelegs.Lei can not help but a happy heart, but this is the first time after the first time Xiaoyinger had eaten himself so affectionate"LEI Lei, try to brush his hands through its combing, general World of Warcraft are more like people close to combing their hair"Derlin Corvette suggestedLei try to slowly put his hand on the head of the Warcraft movie mouse, little shadow mouse did not escape, but enjoy the small eyes closed, lei immediately relieved the hair of the small shadowed mouse, small shadow mouse actually comfortable It’s time to fight"This little guy is so cuteLei heart also more like this little shadow mouse"Grandpa Delin, Warcraft is really strange enough, you say that the Raptor is so large, the scales are so hard, it is seven World of Warcraft.In the future, the small mouse will grow up and become a seven-level warcraft.With seven levels of Warcraft, how is the gap so big? "Lin Lei stroked the little mouse and felt shocked when he thought about it."“You can't just judge by appearance. Maybe you see an ordinary old man on the road. Maybe he can fly a dragon and wave a hand to make a mountain peak."Drinkovt said with a smileLei understand this truthBut unconsciously, it still judges from appearance.Look at the Raptor, just look at the giant volume, and it's awesome when it sends a cold metallic sheen."I don't know when this little mouse will be willing to conclude an 'equal contract' with me.” lei ridiculed, he has no way, this concludes the ‘equality contract’ is the world of Warcraft, so he can only passively waitDeling Kewater smiled and said: "The situation is very good now. Remember to be patient.""I seeLei laughed too...... In the twinkling of an eye, the lei has been eating the little mouse for the past twenty days. The little mouse has a very close relationship with the lei. But I don’t know how it happened. Even if it’s a mess with the small mouse, the small mouse can still not display its equal contract. 'signsThe darkness enveloped the earth, and the whole town of Wushan was also very quiet.In the Baruch family residence, in the living room, the candlelight burned and the living room was lit. The three lei families and the housekeeper, Shiri, sat at the long table for dinner.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "LEI, I heard that you have recently brought roast rabbits to the old houses in the backyard?" Hogg put down the knife and fork and looked to lin lei and saidLei heart startled"It seems to be confessedLei in the heart of the tunnel, he looked at Hogg and nodded: "father, recently I found a lovely animal in the backyard, very cute, so I often get some food for it""adorable animal? "Wharton immediately eyes light up"OhHogg nodded. "There are few people in the backyard. There are animals, too. Yes, it is estimated that one week later, in the capital of the city of Finlay, the enrollment of magic tests will begin. Do you not want to participate?" ? "" Ah, magic test enrollment? Lei this suddenly thought of this matterOnly one ray visible from the air flow from the Panlong ring fly into the white hair of the old man 'Drincowwater', Deling Kewater smiled at lei: "lei, magic test enrollment? can go Go, with my teaching, will be worse than those taught by the college magician?" lei also agreesDrincowwater is a Sanctuary Magister. The General Magic Academy will let Sanctuary Magisters teach? "Why, don't want to go?" Hogger, who was originally smiling, could not help but his face was cold and his brows were wrinkled.Hogg remembers clearly how much lei wanted to be a magician since he saw the battle between the eight double magicians and the mercenary squad.Is it so boring now? In Hoge's mind, I also hope my son can become a magician."Father, I..." "No, lei, promise your father"Drinkingwater wrinkled his brow and suddenly changed his mouth and saidLei's words suddenly came to an abrupt end. At the same time, he asked in his doubts: “Grandpa Delrin, didn’t you teach me? Do you need to go to the Magic Academy with your teaching?Isn't it a waste of money at home? ""Do not"Derrinkovt solemnly said," I have not really contacted Magnolia mainland for more than 5,000 years. For more than 5,000 years, lei, you must know that there are a large number of magicians on the mainland of Magnolia constantly researching new types of magic. , I don’t know how many new types of magic I’ve created over 5,000 yearsLei is also sad"And lei, you have to know, this wushan town is not your next stage, you need to step into a broader stage"Derrinkovt solemnly said"The broader stage..." lei could not help butLEI couldn't help but recall the huge Warcraft ‘Raptor’, recalling the horror scene of the ‘spirit of fire’ and the sacred scene of the sacred mage’ Rudy’s easily controlling the catastrophic megaliths."futureLei couldn't help accelerating his heart rate. If he steps up to the sky to control the sky and the ability to destroy the earth, the feeling of standing at the peak must be very beautiful.Think of this, lei feel the blood boiling up"LEI, what are you thinking?" Hogg was a bit dissatisfied, and he himself asked LEI"Oh, notLei immediately looked at Hogg and quickly nodded solemnly, "father, I really want to be a magician in the heart, a week later you arranged for me to go to the king of ‘Finlay City’ to participate in the magic enrollment test itHogg laughed when he heard this."The magician, oh, oh, isn't that the magician who will spurt the fire?" Little Wharton patted the flesh gently on the side."Wharton, that's juggling! Don't confuse juggling with magic.Hogg said seriously"Oh"Walton had a small mouth and he did not speak.Lei smiled and looked to Hogg and said: "Father, the Magic Academy should have a lot of it, which is better? By the way, is the Magic Academy mixed with the Warrior Academy?" Hogg also laughed: "Say As a result, the four major empires on the mainland and the two major leagues have their own top colleges.You should know that the Empire of O'Brien in the Four Great Empires was the most powerful empireLei nodded, this is common sense he knows"The O'Brien Empire's top college, O'Brien College, is the first soldier college in the entire Magnolia continent.But when it comes to the magician school..." Hogg smiled. "The entire first magic school in Magnolia is in our sacred league. It is named after the legendary Pope 'Emster'. College of '”