Xiao Ying mouse can see lei went to Wushan get hare, but this time, lei did not advance toward wushan, but in the other direction along the roadThe shadow mouse suddenly panicked"Hey, hey ~ ~ ~" Xiaoying rat suddenly rushed toward the LEILin Lei just stepped but found his feet were hug, and looked down is a small shadow mouseXiao Ying rat upright, two forelimbs hold tightly on lei, two eyes looking at lei sad west, as if to tears"Hey, Xiao Ying rat, how did you come?" lei surprisedNext to Hillman turned to look over and saw a small shadowed mouse suddenly shocked: "World of Warcraft, is it a stone rat?" Hillman is not very clear for the type of Warcraft, there have been an army of stone rats The group devoured, so the average soldier was horrified by the appearance of the mouse."lei, be careful"Hillman immediately jumped out, LEI only saw a phantom, and his feet had already reached Xiaoyinger."Xiaoying mouse speed faster, suddenly picked up on the lei shoulders"Uncle Hillman, stopLei finally respondedA look at Hillman"Uncle Hillman, it's the animal I feed in the backyard.Lei quickly said, "small shadow mouse, you say, right? "Little Shadow Mouse seems to understand lei's words, little head pointHillman looked at lei with astonishment: "LEI Lei, do you say you raise and raise WoW?" "Uncle Hillman, wait a minute, and wait for me to persuade the little rat.Lei backhanded the little mouse and picked it up, pointing at Xiaoying. "I'm going to leave with Uncle Hillman. Go to Wang Duo. Don't you all want to go, do you know?" "Little Shadowed Mouse is just looking west at lei, to tearsLei put the little mouse on the ground and waved: "You go back"And then another one of your own way," I'm going to go here, to the king"While waving, LEI continues to move forward."Hey, hey ~ ~ ~" Xiao Ying Mi stood in place, watching lei“Uncle Hillman, let’s go, huh, huh, Xiao Yingmo is very clever, he knows what I meanLei said to the next hillman, Hillman also looked at this scene with some surprise, and then smiled and continued to go with leiLooking at the lei, Hillman drifts away, the little mouse has been looking at the place"Hey ~ ~ ~" Xiao Ying rat suddenly screamed suddenly, at the same time into a black phantom suddenly pulled out twenty or thirty meters, fast and scary, but also erraticLei and sherman are still walking while talking, Hillman suddenly felt something coming behind, could not help turning around"Hey--" Hillman can not stop at all, that phantom leaps and bounds to LEI's legs, directly facing the LEI's calf is a mouthful"Ah!" A fierce pain, lei jumpedA look is actually a small shadow mouse, this time the little mouse is using the watery eyes to look at the lei, lei, touch his calf, even if there is blood seepage, not help but very dissatisfiedYou can see that the little mouse does not look angry either."LEI, aren't you okay?" said Hillman next to it."NothingLei smiledSuddenly - a strong black light shrouded the shadow mouse, I saw Xiaoying rat mouth flew out of a trace of blood, that a trace of blood lei blood, but also Shadow Mouse own bloodThe trace of blood was surprisingly formed into a positive and negative two black triangles. At the same time, the rich black light merged into them and formed a strange magic formation. The magical formation exudes a dark atmosphere.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Hillman and lei are shocked to see this scene"This is, do you?" lei heart has a hint of speculationIn the ring of dragons, Deling Kewwater flew out and pleasantly surprised the white beard. "LEI Lei, the little guy is setting up an equality contract."" Is it really an equality contract? Lei lei heart, even if there is speculation, can still be a little shockedI saw that strange black magic formation split into two. One of the black triangles flew into the lei body, and the other one flew into the shadow mouse body.Seeing this scene, Hillman next to it is also a bit scared."LEI, are you okay?" Hillman had some worry about lei"Nothing, I'm very goodLei at the moment has already felt their own connection with the shadow of a ghost ratAt the moment, on the quiet road of Wushan Town, Lin Lei and Xiaoyinger looked at each other and began to communicate for the first time."Shadow rat, what is your name?" lei said directly in his heartThe black shadow mouse has some excitement: "Bei, Bei ... ..." Lin Lei looked at a small shadow mouse"What is Shadow Mouse talking about?" lei didn't understandDelin Kewot, who was all white, appeared next to him. He murmured in his heart: "LEI Lie, this little mouse is still in the early childhood stage. I can't tell the exact syllable. I just communicate with your soul. I'm afraid I can only tell you simply. the meaning of"Contact each other's souls, lei feels the excitement of the shadow mouse at this time, but the little mouse can't speak any syllables at all."Well, if you say Bayer or Bell, I'll call you ‘bebe”. How about?” lei smiled and watched the little mouseThe shadow mouse looks like a pensive and then nodded happily“BebeLei laughed and opened his mouth"吱吱~~~" The Shadow Mouse immediately jumped and responded"Babe!" "Hey ~ ~" "Bebe!" "Hey ~ ~" ... An eight-and-a-half-year-old boy with a small shadowed mouse excitedly shouting"LEI, this, how is this going?" Hillman only reacted at this time, his eyes could not help but round off, "LEI, what happened to that black magic array, what happened in the end, are you okay?" Erman, he heard that in dark magic, he has curse magic.Is it cursed by lei? For Hillman, whose magic is only indistinct, he is not afraid to worry about it."Haha, nothing, that is, Bebe became my Warcraft"lei is very happy this time," come, babe, come to my shoulders" Xiaoying mouse suddenly shouted, and suddenly jumped to the shoulders of lei"You, have you taken it?" Hillman stoppedHillman, after all, met the world, knowing that it is very difficult to regain a World of Warcraft, but just lei actually captured a World of WarcraftUncle Hillman felt blinded himself: "You, you don't have a soul-contract reel. This, how is this?" "Okay, Uncle HillmanLei smiled and said, "we're still hurrying it, Wang Dufen Laicheng still have old"When Lin Lei pulls Hillman, he will continue to embark on a journey to Wangdu without any explanation."And that little mouse "babe" excitedly shouted on the lei shouldersWith the shadowy mice screaming, lei, hillman, and shadow mouse disappeared at the end of the road.