Magnolia is west of the Warcraft Mountains and is divided into Holy Alliance and Dark Alliance. Among them, the kingdom headed by the Holy Alliance is the Kingdom of Finlay! The City of Finlay, the king of the Kingdom of FinlayAt the same time, it is also the Holy City of the Holy Alliance, because the headquarters of the Holy See is in the West City of the City of Finlay.The entire city of Finlay is mainly divided into two parts: the eastern city and the west city.The East Side is managed by Kingdom of Finlay, while West Side is managed by the Holy See.Because the city of Finlay is both a king and a holy city, the prosperity of the city of Finlay is on the continent of Magnolia.The City of Finlay covers an extremely large area and has more than one million inhabitants. It is also the top five super city in the entire Magnolia continent.In the evening, LEI and Hillman entered the city of Finlay."Wow"Walking in the city of Finlay's main East Street, "Xiang Yao Road," lei only feel that they have spent their eyes, shadow mouse "bebe" asked by lei to hide in their clothes inside, babe also secretly revealing his eyes to the outside Look"Hey, hey ~~" The little mouse was also very excited.Fortunately, the whole bustling scene was very busy at the moment and nobody noticed the sound."be quietLei immediately patted a little shadow mouse, Xiaoying mouse deceptively no longer sounds, but it through the soul exchange to the lei to talk about its excitementThe whole Xiangxi Avenue is paved with smooth bluestone, allowing several carriages to run side by sideOn both sides of the street are various business establishments such as hotels, clothing stores, weapons stores, and bars.At the same time, there are a row of tall and straight pine trees on both sides of Xiangxi Avenue.The ladies and the young lady dressed in trendy clothes and wandered to each other and strolled on the streets.Some of the ladies around them saw lei's reaction and both hummed and smirked and sometimes pointed to lei.Obviously, this reaction of lei is the ‘countryman into the city’. Wangdu’s nobility has a sense of superiority for the countrymen."Oh, no educationLei brow and brows, is very dissatisfied with the laughing advice of the ladiesHaving been educated at a young age, LEI only allowed his excitement in the bottom of my heart for a while. It seemed calm on the surface.“How about Linley, Finlay City? Our sacred alliance is the largest city in the city of Finlay."Silman walked down the street with the lei, saw some soldiers who had walked, or occasionally one or two magicians, exclaimed," lei, a powerful warrior and magician in the city of fenlai is very commonLei smiled and nodded: "in the book records, fenlai city is the political center of the sacred alliance, the economic center, but also the art center""Here is a paradise for wealthy peopleHillman nodded and sighedBustling on Xiangxi Avenue, there are often some luxury carriages passing by. Hillman and Lin Lei took a lap around the main road of Fenlai City on Xiangxi Avenue, directly searching for an ordinary hotel to live in.Next to the hotel there is a small restaurant where lei and hillman have dinner.That night, in the hotelLin Lei lived in the same room with Delin Kewott. There were two beds in the room. As soon as he entered the room, the little mouse “bebe” jumped out of lei's chest and yelled around lei."I know you're hungry, eat it.Lei tossed the roast duck from the restaurant all over the ground and babe took a bite out of it with excitement."Lee, rest early, and go tomorrow morning to do a magic testHillman"You know, Uncle Hillman"I said to her mouth, lei walked up to the window and opened the curtains."The hotel has a total of three floors, lei they are living in the second floorThe three-storey tall building is not found in the town of Wushan, but it is common in the capital of the capital city of the city of Finlay. There are seven-storey and eight-storey high-rise buildings in the capital.Looking outside through the window, people are still on the streets outside"Whuh, I haven't seen a big city for a long time."A stream of fantasies flew out of the ring of dragons and turned into an old man whose hair was white. Delrinkwater and lei looked side by side at the streets below."Grandpa DelinLei immediately greet"LEI, how do you feel when you arrive in a big city?" said Drinkovt with a smile."Nothing” lei grinnedDrincowout sighed: "How long have you been, and you don't know about large cities? There are various kinds of luxury consumer sites, such as large-scale auctions. Some rich people can even spend hundreds of thousands of gold coins and even millions. Gold coins to buy an item""Millions of gold coins? Lei only felt his throat dry for a whileWhat kind of big money is that? I don’t even have 100 thousand coins in my family.“The rich are still many, money, rights, and beauty, and the competition is very fierce. Every day people die.Some corpses are often found in the ditch in the slums of the city of Finlay. The bodies may be some nobles."Drinkingwater smiled indifferently:" However, to stand in this world, what you need is your own strength.""Don't be extravagant for the kindness of others. Everything depends on yourself.""Derlin Corvette looks to lei<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> lei body dragon blood corpse veins, in fact, also makes lei heart bellicose, bloodthirsty"If someone threatens me and threatens my loved ones, I will kill him."Lin Lei said firmly, read a lot of books about the family ups and downs, lei is very clear that the benevolence of the enemy is cruel to oneselfWhen you let go of the enemy, the enemy may kill your loved ones."However, my current strength is still very weak"LEI can not help but remember when I first entered the city of Finlay, some ladies contempt for themselves.In the eyes of the upper class, he is only a poor boy from the countryside.Indifferent smile, lei sat down and sat down and began to meditate and exerciseThe spiritual power of meditation exercise is actually using various methods to consume spiritual power until it consumes a bottom line, and then recovers through sleep! Tanaka TanakaThe misty haze of yellow earth is floating in the middle and middle fields. This yellow earth mist is the magic power of the ground elements after the refining process.According to the Narrative Corvette's narrative, the first-level magician to the sixth-level magician, the magical power is in the form of fogAs the level increases, the ‘quality’ of magic will increase and the density will increase.When you reach level 7 magician, magical power will condense into liquidSo six magician to seven magician is a can! "LEI this guy, even so hard, at night to exercise spiritual powerHillman saw lei secretly praised sitting cross-legged with closed eyes, whether it is a magician or a warriorSpiritual power is very important to them! ****** On the morning of the next day, Greenleaf Road, Fen Lai Dongcheng, Greenleaf Road is also one of the main roads in the city of Finlay. The entire building is lined with luxurious buildings on both sides of the road. There are also buildings belonging to the kingdom.One of the tallest buildings - the Church of the Holy SeeHoly League of the six kingdoms of the fifteenth prince, the Holy See controls the entire allianceThe highest status of Pope is bright, and the pope has the power to remove the king of a kingdom! So even in the city of Finlay, the tallest building is the church of the Holy See.This morning, many people gathered at the entrance to the church of the Holy See. Most of the people there were noble nobles. A carriage also nearly filled the empty square in front of the church. The nobles chilled each other.Lei, hillman also came here at this time“Uncle Hillman, there are so many people here today. Many nobles come with their children.Lei said with a smile to Hillman, this time the little mouse "babe" also shrank in the lei clothes, occasionally with little eyes to the outsideHillman nodded and smiled indifferently: "Aristocrat? The highest magic school "Ernst College" any graduated magician, can easily become an earl in a kingdom"" The Earl of the Kingdom? Lei understood at a glanceIt is difficult to obtain the title of the kingdom, but it is difficult for the empire to get it.After all, any of the four empires can rival the entire sacred alliance, far from being comparable to the Kingdom of Finland."Oh, Lord Doyle, have you come yet?" "Heber, I came here, of course, for my son, Hess, to see Uncle Heber."I saw a group of nobility not far from each other, magic enrollment test, the test fee for a single test requires ten gold coinsOnce admitted, he was admitted to a magic academy.The tuition fee is even higherGeneral Magic Academy, a year's tuition is hundreds of gold coins! The average family cannot afford it at all, but as long as their children are accepted, there will naturally be nobles to finance them.However, not all Magic Academy tuition fees are expensiveFor example, the First Magic Academy 'Ernst College' has very few enrolled students. As long as it belongs to the children of the Holy League, tuition is free! After all, he was able to enter Ernst College.Future achievements are limitless“Oh, those civilians and countrymen are coming, is it daydreaming?” said some nobles in the distance with a giggle.Among the hundreds of people gathered in the square, there are also some civilians, or a small aristocrat like Lin Lei.General countryside nobles are also despisedMost of the nobles in Wangdu are more proud of looking down on people."lei, don't tell them general knowledgeHillman whisperedLei looked at the group of nobles and smiled lowly: “Uncle Hillman, I will not be familiar with those people"With his father Hogg's many years of education, lei will not care about those kings and nobles who think they are high above themselves.The entire square is clearly divided into two ***, one is a noble ***, and there are civilians or small aristocrats in the country.At the moment there are two warriors wearing trenches at the entrance of the church, blocking outsiders from enteringAfter a while, a god officer dressed in a black robe slowly walked out and walked to the door of the church and stopped. He smiled and said: "Magic testing. Now, the recruiters of the magic schools are ready.If you want to perform a magic test, please follow me into the hall