Under the guidance of the official God, all the people in the square entered the hall in the church one by one.Church hallIn a lobby of Nuo Dao, the ground is bright marble, and a huge crystal lamp hangs overhead. Hundreds of people are not crowded into the hall.At the front of the hall, there is a row of chairs, chairs and college recruiters.In the most central place, is the location of the testThe black gown god officer smiled and said, "The test site is the center. One person to participate in the test comes one by one. Others are not allowed to enter the central government. Those who are ready to participate in the test should queue up."" lei, this is the cost of the test, this is your proof of identity, go go, right, that little mouse first on my side, when the test shadow mouse will be in trouble around youSaid Hillman"Babe, you first stay here on Uncle Hillman, I went to testLei soul with the shadow mouse exchange, small shadow mouse some reluctantly moved in lei leihuai, but in lei's renewed request, shadow mouse directly into the hanmen's clothesLei then took ten gold coins and went to line up. There were only seventeen youngsters and only six or seven years old.These children lined up in two long lines, and the Holy Spirit of the Holy See also charged the test fee.The Central Government has a diameter of ten meters and there are three adults inside. Two people are responsible for testing and one is responsible for recordingThe test tool is the same as a crystal ball, and the other is a hexagonal complex magic array."FirstThe bald-headed man pointed directly at the crystal ball and said, "Place your hand on the crystal ball first, and test the affinity of the elements.""The first place is a 12-year-old boy. The teenager put his right hand on the crystal ball. Then suddenly the crystal ball started to give off a faint red light. Occasionally, there was a small amount of cyan. MiscellaneousThe bald old man looked at the paper in his hands and said coldly: "Age 12 years old, elemental affinity, medium fire, lower wind system"" Now enter the magic array, test your spiritual powerRemember, stand straight, don't fall or fall, support as long as possibleThe voice of the bald old man was still indifferent. The teenager nodded and stepped into the hexagonal magic array.The bald old man suddenly wore a holy white light and saw a white light in the magical matrix.Bright magic - deterrence! "The test method is still so primitive"Drincovette flew out and descended beside Lin Lei.""Grandpa DelinLei saw delin cowort, heart"Magic testing, supplemented by elemental affinities, testing spiritual power is the most importantAfter you have been meditating for six months, your spiritual power should be seventeen times that of your peers."Drincowate smiled at lei." These are very simple for you."Only for a while, the teenager in the magic line couldn't keep falling."Spiritual power is about twice that of their peersThere is no possibility of becoming a magician"The bald old man announced coldly, and the magic array stopped running. The boy also walked out.There was a loud noise in the area. "QuietBald old man said in a cold voice, suddenly a large group of nobles could not dare to snoring. "Next"Drincowwater looked at this scene with great interestA juvenile was tested and the first ten actually failed.At this time in the magic array is a girl, the girl insisted on longer than the first ten people"Oh?" bald old man eyes brighten, when the magic array is about to increase again<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> After a while, the maiden finally hits the ground on one kneeThe bald old man nodded with satisfaction. At last he had a smile on his face: “The spiritual power is eight times that of his peers.To achieve the bottom line of being a magician, the elemental affinity also reaches a mediumCan become a magician! The verdict of the bald old man also determined the fate of the young girl."Oh, great!"The first one yelled out loud was not a girl but a girl's father. A bald gentleman looked like a middle-aged man."be quietBald, old man dissatisfied with the coldImmediately there was a god next to him and he took the girl's father and the girl's father to the group of magical college recruiters.Many people looked enviously at the teenage girlBecome a magician, both future status and strength! Over time, there are more and more people in the hall. Because the magic test lasts for seven days, most people are not rushing for half an hour.When it came to lei, the people who participated in the test in the hall had already queued up outside the hall."nextBald old man said again雷 平 平 复 复 复 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷Impossible to feelLei put his hand on the crystal ballSuddenly - like the sun, the entire crystal ball suddenly dazzling, earth yellow and blue light each other, and even occasionally there is a tiny fire red doping in itThe dazzling light even makes people close to the eyes get upSeeing the crystal ball that shines like the sun, people in the entire hall were stunned.The bald old man trembled and looked at the paper in his hand. It was clearly written on it. Lin Lei was only eight years old.“Aged 8 years old, elemental affinity, ground system, wind system, etc.! Fire system medium"The bald old man feels a terrible heartbeatThe general magician’s elemental affinities are moderate, and waiting a minute is very rare. As for the super-etc, it is a rare mess.It can be said that it takes ten hours for others to refine magic, and lei estimates that it will achieve the same effect in an hour.“Whoo!” The whole hall exclaimed, the elemental affinity turned out to be super, and it was still a double line. It was too horrible."Dr. Wind is super waiting?""Hey, I'm good at the wind system?" Lin Lei himself was stunned and involuntarily asked Deling Kettle.Derlin Kewoert smiled twice: "LEI, when I said it first, I can only detect the affinity of the elements of the ground. Yes, you didn't feel the elements of the wind when refining your magic power?" Elemental?” lei tossed. “The first time you taught me to refine my magic, I couldn’t be distracted. At the time I noticed that there were blue spots around but I didn’t think much about it.”But when I absorbed the elements of the earth, I was surrounded by elements of the ground, and there was no blue light."Drincowwater knows the truthWhen practicing magical power, especially a double-lined magician, if he only concentrates on practicing one of the lines, he will absorb the elements of the surrounding land. As for the wind element, he will be excluded.“Every time I practice in the future, I’m surrounded by elements of the earth. I didn’t even think of those blue spots.Lei is very happy at the momentBecause he knows the power of a double-lined magician, he is stronger than a single-lined magician.After testing the elemental affinity, you should test the spirit!