"Remember, we must persist in testing spiritual power and persist as long as possible."Derlin Corvette suddenly became serious." I don't understand the magic of the wind system. You really have to go to the Magic Academy to learn.With such strong elemental affinities, you don’t learn how to make wind magic. It’s a pity.Lei also understand in mind"Please go to the magic array"The bald old man used a ‘please’ for leiEven the many nobles around them saw lei's eyes are differentThe elemental affinity is superior, indicating that the magical power can be refined in a short time, and other times can be used to exercise mental power.Future achievements are limitlessLei into the magic arrayI saw that the warm white light of the magic array is on, and then an oppression will directly affect my own soul.Bright Magic - Deterrence"It's really weak. Compared to the Longwei of the Black Dragon six months ago, it was worse than one grade.Lei still have other thoughts of other thingsAs time goes by, the magic array shines brighter and brighter, and the same level of deterrence becomes stronger. All people in the church hall breathe a breath. Everyone sees this scene clearly.The boy dressed in the ordinary, the future is definitely a powerful magician"Whoever knows which boy? Which family?” The following nobles talked in a low voice.So young people with such potential will have a strong friend in the future if they make an early friendship."His name is lei?" Some admissions officers knew the lei's identity from the tester next to him.This group of entrants who had been sitting and laughing at various magical schools also ran over and watched.Every magic school, who does not want to recruit some talented people? Magic, lei alone resists deterrenceLei breathing heavily, this time his whole head has a sense of dizziness, that kind of powerful oppression as a mountain pressure on the body, and this oppression is still rising, but lei is still persisting - "persistence The longer it takes, the more likely it is to enter a better collegeLei grittingThen when this pressure reached a height, lei could no longer resist, and the whole person crashed down on one knee and put his hands on the ground.Everyone looks at the bald old manThe bald old man replied in a blushing voice: "The spiritual power is eighteen times that of his peers.Spiritual superiority, elemental affinity, etc.At this time, several Magic Academy recruiters rushed in immediately: "Hello, lei, I'm the Rand Magic School. We, Rand College, sincerely invite you to enter our college, as long as you join, free tuition, every year There are also a thousand gold scholarships, and we also invite senior magicians to teach you""Lei Lei, I'm Wei Lin School of Magic, we ..." ... ... see a group of people around to be so enthusiastic about themselves, lei froze for a while, while also marveling in my heartIn a short while, the enrolled personnel at the Magic Academy even knew their names and it was too strong."Hey, you guys, first come to your own place. Let's continue testing.Bald old gentleman saidHe can be arrogant to ordinary people, and he is very polite to the people at various magic schools."Lin Lei, we at Ernst College, sincerely invite you to become a member of our college."I saw a sound in the distance, this voice sounded, and the entire hall was quiet."Even bald old men no longer speak<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> lei turns and looksI saw a middle-aged man in a white robe came over and smiled and said: "The elemental affinity is superior, the mental power is superior, and it is a double line.Lin Lei, we at the Ernst Academy welcome you very much. I wonder if you would like to join us at the Ernest Academy. "The next to Hillman also froze for a while, this time immediately went to lei beside, at this moment Hillman excitedly trembled slightly tremblingErnst College? What is the representative of the “Ernst Academy”, the first magical school in the Magnolia mainland? Once a representative graduates from the college, even an ordinary member of the Ernst Academy can easily become an earl in a kingdom.Excellent students, even the four major empire will be invited solemnlyAnd for a large Magnolia continent, the Ernst Academy recruits only 100 people each year! One hundred people a year, what is the probability? All students entering the Ernst Academy can be called geniuses! "LEI, promise himHillman was very excited at this time.Lei is very excited in his heart, but his head is very clear, on the surface is also coolLei is very clear that he has become a member of Ernst College, plus the teachings of Deling KewaterIt takes a few decades to become a Grade Seven or Eight MagicianYour own family can already rise again"Sir, I am proud to be a member of the Ernst Academy.Lei said respectfully politelyThe middle-aged man in that white robe was shocked by the lei's calmness and still smiled and said: "LEI Lei, I will report all your personal information to the college. By then, you only need to bring your identity certificate and enter the college and then test again. Can officially become a member of the collegeImpersonation is useless because the college still has to test again“The college is divided into two semesters a year. The start of the school begins on the 9th of the beginning of the year.You just need to arrive at the college before February 9. This is a proof that it is a proof of admission."White robe middle-aged man took a red letter out of his armsIn fact, the middle-aged man in his white robe, after knowing the lei test results, entered the name of lei on the acceptance letter.Because the middle-aged man in his white robe believed that no one would refuse! "Thank youLei took this red letterLei on the surface is not much excitement, Hillman is very excited at this moment, Ernst Academy students, which is not a status respected? In the future, lei’s achievements can be expected"Uncle Hillman, let's goLei put a red letter in her arms and walked outside the hall with HillmanThe crowded people's hall, at the moment, no matter whether it is the king’s nobility or the civilians, they are very consciously giving up a road.Even the nobility of the countrymen who couldn’t bear to look down on lei at this moment was also very friendly and very good-natured.Ernst College Student, a symbol of status! Under the watchful eyes of a group of nobles, civilians, and even the Holy See, LEI and Hillman walked out of the Holy See Hall."Yeah!" After leaving the Holy See Hall, Xiao Ying rat immediately screamed, it can feel the excitement of the heart of leiLei only revealed the excitement of the heart at this time, fists suddenly slammed a force, eyes passing over a trace of excitement, look at the next to the Hillman Express: "Uncle Hillman, we go back, and now go back! Back to Wushan Town, I want to tell my father about this news!"