Wushan Township, Baruch Family HouseShortly after Hoge’s lunch, he was looking at the books leisurely on the lounge chair outside the living roomI saw two figures quickly entered the mansion among them, it is from the speed of the city of Finlay to rush back to the two lei, at the moment lei and Hillman's face still has a cover of excitement, lei is far away shouted : "Father, I'm back"" Hogg adultsHillman was also very excitedHoge looked up and saw the excited expression of lei and hillman.Immediately stood up and looked at lei and hillman. The voice asked with a slight trembling voice: “How is the magic test?” The Baruch family has been silent for too long. This ancient family also badly needs a great figure. Reproduce family glory! "Master Hogg, Ernst College, is Ernst College. He was admitted to Ernst College by lei.Hillman said excitedlyHogg seemed to petrify. At the moment, Hogg felt that his brain was as empty as oxygen."Ernst adults?" Hillman called twiceHogg, who gradually regained his ability to think, hurriedly looked at Hillman. Incredibly, he asked, "Erster, you said Ernst College?" At this moment Hogg's eyes were rounding."Father, this is an admission letter from Ernst CollegeLei handed the red letter directly to her father, Hogg stunned, then quickly took the red letter, took the letter out, and looked at the letter of admission in the envelope.Several red-brilliant names - ‘Ernst College’ and 'Lee’“Haha, hahahaha, the ancestors of the Baruch family, ah, our family has hope!” Hogg smirked and laughed, his laughing smile trembled, and the tears of laughter ran down. “We're the Baruch family. Hopefully!” Some laughed loudly, and the tears that shed leaped to lei."fatherLei seems to have bothered to disturb his father and whisperedLei never seen his father so crazy, that tears shed so that lei shook heartHousekeeper Shiri also came this time. He also shocked Hogg's reaction at the moment. At the moment, Shiri did not know what happened.Hogg took a deep breath and looked at Lin Lei. He was extremely excited in his eyes: "Okay, good."" Hillman, Uncle Harry! Hogg looked at these two people. "Tonight I'm going to have a big dinner, be quick, be prepared, I'm happy today, I'm very happyWith such a son, I died and I was worthy of the ancestors of the Baruch family."" Yes, Master HoggHillman and Hilly stewards are“吱吱～～” Suddenly the little mouse “bebe” jumped out of lei's arms and stood on lei's shoulder and hugging hogg and his eyes were filled with anger.Lei sensed the message from the shadow rat's soul.The small shadowed rat fell asleep in his arms, but Hogg's laughter just woke the little mouse.The small shadowed rat had a lot of sleep during his early childhood, and he hated most people to wake him up. This time he was naturally angry."Hard mouse, video mouse?" Hogg saw the shadow mouse suddenly changed"father"Lilley feared his father shot, and quickly said," Little Shadow Mouse has concluded a soul contract with me."Hogg, as if in the Thunder, stupidly for a while:" You, you have captured this Warcraft monster? "Receive the two conditions of Warcraft, 1, let the Warcraft surrender, 2, set the soul contract magic arrayLei's strength hogg certainly clear, weakThe worst of the Warcraft Shadow Mouse is Level 3What's more, how can lei arrange a soul-contract magic array that is impossible?<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>"Yes, Father, I resigned himLei said seriouslyHogg only felt that his son was different from what he had always known.It's totally different! "General Hog, lei really regained this shadow rat, I saw it with my own eyes.This shadow mouse is these cute animals that lei often feeds with hare pheasants.Next to Hillman explained"Feeding animals?" Hogg suddenly thought of it, staring at lei hard to channel, "the Warcraft movie mouse, is that you say in the backyard abandoned ancient house feeding cute animals?" lei nodded honestlyHogg's dumbfounding at this time, cute animal actually will be World of Warcraft? Although he wondered how lei had concluded a soul contract with Xiaoying Rat, Hogg was not in a hurry and he was in a good mood at the moment."Well, without talking about this, Uncle Hiry and Hillman you hurry to prepare with some guards. At night I'm going to hold a feast.Hogland laughed and said at the moment that Hogg’s laughter is full of confidence.Lei looked at his father, from the note to the present, lei has never seen his father laugh so happy******The Baruch family was very lively. Even more than a dozen security guards and their family members came to the family. There were five dining tables on the open space in the Baruk family’s front yard. There were some Baruch family houses. All laughter"delicious"Little Wharton grabs this for a while, grabs it for a while, and eats excitedly.""Master Lin, Congratulations on your admission to Ernst College. In the future, Master Lin Lei must be a great and powerful magician."A family of security guards smiled and greeted with leiDuring the dinner, lei is the protagonistWhen you know that LEI is about to enter Ernst College, everyone is excited.It is entirely conceivable that once you enter Ernst College, you are entering a smooth path.The future of lei is definitely not a small one that can be accommodated in wushan town."Elder brother, they all toast to you, I respect"Little Wharton grabs the juice cupLei looked at the small wharton's hand of oil, crying and laughingHowever, he still lifted the juice cup and touched the cup with Wharton."Come on, our brothers drinkLei also grinned toast... Late at night, the family of the Baruch family, only the lei and the huggThe door of the dungeon was closed, and the entire hall lit a row of candles, which also made it more warm in the clan.At this time, Hogg looked at the row of souls in front of the ancestral hall and said in a low voice. "LEI Lei, since the birth of the fifth Dragon Blood Warrior, the Baruch family fell from generation to generation, even to my Baruch family. The treasure of succession has also been sold off ... ... Every time I think of this, I feel immense shame, dignified Dragon Blood Warrior family!" lei stood behind himHe also feels shameMore than 5,000 years of heritage of the ancient family, is the Dragon Blood Warrior family, lei feel proudBut now it's gone down to the family treasure."Lei"Hogg suddenly turned and looked at lei seriously." From today, I will no longer see you as a child, but as the pillar of my Baruch family's future! The family’s future depends on yours"" Yes, FatherLei firmly nodded"You wait, I'll get somethingHogge suddenly turned toward the secret room inside the hall. Just a moment later, Hogg took a book and walked out. "LEI, take it back to see it. I gave it down.""what is this? Lei took this book puzzled, the surface of the book does not have any handwriting, can read it, the first one will have four characters - Dragon Blood Code