The passage of time, the blink of an eye has passed and it has already entered February. Many trees on the Osan Mountain have sprouted, and a hint of spring has come quietly.Under an old treeLei sat cross-legged and engaged in meditation magicIn the meditation state of lei, she clearly felt that there were a lot of khaki light spots and blue light spots around the body. These two kinds of light spots were constantly entering the body from all parts of the body, and they finally gathered after purification. At the center of the chest, in the middle of the fieldI saw Zhongtan Tianzhong, filled with khaki mist and blue mistThis yellow earth mist is the magic of the land.The blue mist is wind magic"call"Slowly breathed, lei recovered from the state of meditationIn a white robe of the month, Drincowott sat cross-legged with a smile on the floor, looked around and saw lei wake up and couldn't help laughing and said: "LEI, you are leaving for Ernst Academy tomorrow, today So hardLei is a grin: "Grandpa Delrin, you yourself seem to have said that the strong is to work hard every day from time to time, do not let go of the momentLong-term cultivation can bring amazing strength"Good boy, taught me to get up"Drinkingwater laughs“嘿嘿Lei grinned"Oh!" A black phantom suddenly flickered away in the distance, and then appeared on the shoulders of lei has been, it is the shadow mouse' babe', Xiaobeibei this time is yelling at lei, while pointing to the ground Has been dead hareLei saw the look of small babe, you know"I want you to bake it?" lei said with a smileBebe nodded"Lei"The voice next to Drinkovt said," This little mouse is really weird. It has been several months. However, there is no sign of growth. It should be obvious that children should grow up."" I do not understand thisLei shook his headThe shadow mouse's ‘babe’ shape is not long, but the shadow mouse’ ‘bebe’ itself moves faster, but the increase is quite fast."What a difference"Dring Corvette glanced at the little mouse 'Babe'. At the moment, Bebe, did not know that a soul was looking at him.“It’s not too early, and we’ll have evening training after a whileLei stood up and grabbed the dead hare and walked down the hill. Deling Kettle floated beside him, dissatisfied with the road: "LEI, you will be a magician in the future, and now you will also train the soldiers?" Lei laughed: "Grandpa Delin, I found that training for soldiers can increase perseverance, perseverance, but also improve the mental power"" I certainly know this"Derrinkovt is dissatisfied," "What kind of primordial training is it to improve the speed of spiritual power? How can you catch up to the magician's meditation?" Lei kept silentConducting warrior training can increase spiritual power, but this is just an excuse.The reason why lei is still conducting fighter training today is: "If I have the opportunity to drink live dragon blood in the future, I can practice the "Dragon Blood Code," or I have to exercise.This body is a container, grudge is a wineThe body is very importantI lay a good foundation sooner, and it will be faster to cultivate the Dragon Blood Code in the future."In fact, with the lei's elemental affinities, it takes only a short time to spend every day on refining magic.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Much of the time is spent meditating and exercising.But the total meditation exercise mental power, people are tiredWarrior's exercise, as a rest... On the morning of the next morning, many residents of Wushan Township gathered in the streets of the town. They all wanted to greet lei.Wushan Town is able to produce an Ernst Academy magician. This is absolutely a matter of great honor.The entire Magnolia continent, Ernst College recruited 100 students a yearAt the moment, lei is still in the mansion of the Baruch family. Hillman and a group of guards are outside the gates of the house. Among the front yards are Hogg, lei, wharton, and housekeeper Shiri."LEI, you went to Ernst College today and you are an official member of Ernst.When you graduate from Ernst College, you are a great magician! Before you go, the father would like to tell you - "Have a happy speech on the eve of leave, HoggCan sink for a long time, Hogg only said a few simple words: "LEI Lei, remember the wishes of our Baruch family for hundreds of years, remember the shame of our Baruch family!" Hogg complexion Some blue"After you graduate, you must have at least six levels of magicians. It is not difficult to become a seven-level magician as long as you work hard and practice hard.Plus you are a double magician! The seven-level double magician is definitely a big man in the kingdom of Finlay. After you are completely sure of retaking the family's treasure, if you don’t take it back, I’ll never forgive you if I die.Hogg stared at LEI"I'm not willing to forgive even if I'm dead!"Before we leave, this is what the father gave himself“Father, rest assured that in my lifetime, we will recapture the treasure of our Baruch family.I swear! Lei stared at his father's eyes solemn assurance that some of his clear nephews were only firmHogg's eyes lit up, powerful big hand patted the shoulders of lei"I believe in you, son!" ... On the small road east of Wushan Town, lei looked back at the hundreds of thousands of people who had sent their hometown families to their fathers and their younger brother, ‘Wharton’."Brother, goodbyeWharton waved hardLooking at his father and his brother, lei also waved hard and his eyes were a little red"Father, WhartonLei's heart is fullFrom childhood to age, lei has not really left the family for a long time. This time, it will take a long time to leave home.At the moment, even the mouse "bebe" is also well-behaved and silent on the shoulders of lei. It seems that Lin Lei is in a bad mood at this moment.Deng Linke Watert, who exists in the form of 'the soul', also looks at Lin Lei with encouraging eyes."LEI, let's goHillman said that occasionally there will be robbers on the road, Hillman is also to protect lei to collegeLei watched their own relatives, eventually decided to turn towards Ernst Academy"Goodbye, my loved one, goodbye, my hometown"Yulan Calendar In 9991, nine-year-old Lin Lei, with the shadow mouse 'Babe', left the township of Wushan Township together with Hillman, the captain of the Baruch Family Guard.