"Call, I'm exhausted, lei, how is your physical strength so good?" Renault gasped breathlessly, but lei did not feel the slightest"This is tired?" lei laughedHow far is this? I don't feel like running to Ernst College from Wushan Town."Hey, put it here, yes, put the box over there, put it away, be careful, you can't afford to break!" Heard only the crisp sound of a teenager in the courtyard of 1987, lei followed Renault looked at him with a curiosity and walked in.As soon as I walk in, I see that several young people are constantly carrying all kinds of things.I saw a teenager dressed in luxury standing in the center and constantly directingWhen the young man saw lei and Renault, he immediately ran and excitedly ran over: "haha, you are my roommates, I have waited for a long time, now I am alone hereI introduce myself. My name is Yale and I am barely a sacred ally."What is it called a sacred alliance? Renault said, "I'm Renault, O'Brien's""My name is lei, the sacred league of the Kingdom of FinlayLei also said with a smileRoommates who live together can live together in the long term"Ah, Renault, lei, I'm very glad to see you. Hey, those tools for exercise are there.Yale turned to drink his own servant“Exercise tools?” Renault said, staring at Yale with wide eyes. “Yale, what are you doing with that? Are you going to be a fighter?” Yale said with a grimace and said, “Although we are noble magicians, We must also exercise a good figure, otherwise how can we seduce beautiful women?The special enchanter beauty of Ernst College is not only beautiful, but also has a temperament. He goes out to show off with people that he has an Ernest College girlfriend and also has a special face.""Well..." Renault said nothingLei could not speak, come to see these exercise tools, lei also want to exercise, did not think it was only used yale to seduce beauty"I'm eight years old this year, Yale, what about you?" Renault was obviously very cheerfulYale is very tall, nine-year-old lei has more than one meter five, but Yale is even higher than lei half head"I? Ten years old this yearHaha, but not a small one, my brother broke my place when I was 12 years old, and I will prepare it sooner."Yale Eyes Shine"What is a broken office?" Renault wondered at Yale."Yeah, what is broken?" lei is also puzzled at Yale.Yale looked at his two roommates and couldn’t speak at once. Drinkovt, next to Lin Lai, laughed at her stomach, and this made lei wondering and asked: “Lei Grandpa, what are you laughing at?” “Master, everything we have placedA middle-aged gentleman said respectfully"Well, you can all go back. Go back and talk to my daddy. You don't need to bother me afterwards. Right. Remember that... Don't forget to send money to My Magic Card every year. You know, The magician’s staff and gems are very expensive.Yale said with great difficultyThe middle-aged man respectfully said: "Yes, young master"Yale nodded with satisfaction and waved away a group of servants.""Magic Card?" Renault looked at Yale in surprise. "This magic crystal card, only the four national empires established the "four national gold line" to do it.It is said that the processing fee for the Magic Crystal Card is only one hundred gold coins.""That is"Yale is very clear about this," Magic Crystal Card initially stored at least a thousand gold coinsBut for a thousand gold coins, I’m afraid I’m not spending enough for a month.Lei heard this"The richLei heart sighThe cost of living for my father is 100 coins a yearIn fact, in view of lei himself, one hundred gold coins a year is enough. After all, the average civilian has only worked hard for twenty or thirty gold coins a year.“It’s really rich, my father gave me 200 coins a yearRenault said, "What else is said, let me concentrate on cultivating research magic?""" I only have one hundred gold coinsLei said with a smile, "but simple life is enough"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>"Hey, brothers, brother, my money is yours and I have no money to find me! Maybe we'll be together for decades afterwardsWhat about the brothers of several decades? "Yale is very bold, but Yale's words come outLin Lei and Renault have a glimpse"Dozens of years?" lei looked surprised at YaleYalu Li of course said: "Lin Lei, this Ernst College, but must reach the level six magician before they can graduate, this magician, the more difficult it is to go up, to reach the six magician, it usually takes several decadesLei brow creaseFor decades, always let my father pay for it? "Grandpa Delin, how did you not tell me this thing?" Delin Ke Water's voice sounded in the heart of lei: "lei, rest assured, spent dozens of years to reach the sixth level magician, that is the average person in my teaching In the next ten years, I will be able to bring you to the level of six magicians."Ten years. After ten years, he was only nineteen years old, and lei loosed his heart.“Everybody is coming?” I heard only a crisp voice and I saw a tall child who was just about the same height as Renault. But the child seemed to be calm. “Hi everyone, my name is George and I’m ten years old this year. , Magnolia Empire"Yale, Renault, and lei all talked about their own messages."Magnolia Empire?" lei surprisedThe Magnolia Empire, the oldest empire in the Magnolia mainland, was reunited with the entire Magnolia continent in the first year of the Magnolia calendar. Then as time went by, the disputes continued throughout the Magnolia continent and the Magnolia Empire split again and again.To this day, the Magnolia Empire is just one of the four empires.Even so, Magnolia Empire is also the first economic power, but also rich in magicianThe Magic Academy of the Magnolia Empire is also second only to the Ernst Academy."George, you can't miss the Magic Academy of the Magnolia Empire. How should you come here?" Yale surprised.George smiled and said, "Although the Empire's Magic Academy is very strong, it is even weaker than Ernst College.Although the road is far away, it can be considered a hone"" George, are you ten years old? It looks like I'm almost likeRenault said on the sideGeorge's wry smileEight-year-old Renault and ten-year-old George are quite the same, and they are the shortest of the four.Lei is taller than them and as far as Yale is tallest“Don’t say this, when I was enrolled in the school, I checked it. For the 100 students who entered the school, the spirit and the elemental affinity are at the very leastEven I have found that among the students this year, there are spiritual characters and elemental affinities that are super-perverted."George's message seems very smartYale said, "Well, it's normal. Ernst students who are weak? My mental power and elemental affinity are all just fine. I have to put a foothold in one hundred people. If it isn't for me, I'm not going to have a relationship with the Holy See. Can't get in yet” lei is not surprised at Yale’s backgroundIn light of the relationship with the Shinto Church, Yale’s father is not ordinary."The most talented dormitories in our dormitory are lei, but we have an absolute genius at Ernst College. Have you ever heard of it?" Yale looked at the three peopleLei, Renault shook his headGeorge nodded with a smile: "I know that Ernst College's first genius, Dixie, is known as the first genius of this century. It is a double-lined magician, and its elemental affinity and mental power are all superior.In particular, the spiritual power is a full 68 times that of the average person of the same age.His mental power is accurately said to be ultra-super, etc. Only the highest level of classification is super-class.Lei heart suddenlyDouble magician, elemental affinity, spiritual power are super"I'm only ten times as many as my peers, and that genius is actually a full 68 times.Lei heart exclaimedThis Ernst College is really a genius, almost gathered the magic genius of the entire Magnolia continent, where LEI can only be considered a middle-aged person.But... behind the lei, there is a sanctuary more than 5,000 years ago.