Most of Ernst's students have spent decades in college, so they are generally assigned to the same dormitory and will become excellent brothers after graduation.At the moment, whether it is Yale, Renault, George, or lei, although they are maturer than their peers, they can still have children's hearts.Just talking for a while, the four brothers are affectionate.“Everybody is familiar with the college today and I’ll treat you at night. Haha."Yale's chest shot, said boldly"This guy has a magic crystal card, do not slaughter him?" Renault laughed.George and lei are also children's minds and they all laughed."Hey ~ ~" this time the little mouse "bebe" suddenly from lei's clothes stretched out his head, shadow mouse just woke up to be lonely and out of the head"Yeah, what's this stuff?" Renault jumped in shock"bebe, awake?" lei smiled and touched beibei's head, babe very enjoyment narrowed his eyes, and then babe a pair of WuYu small eyes smashed Renault, Yale, George, small nose After two or three times, it seems very disdain"World of Warcraft, this is a Warcraft video mouse, I have seen in booksYale suddenly shouted"LEI, do you have Warcraft?" Renault, George are also surprisedThey are still children, how can a World of Warcraft be surrendered? "Bebe is a child of Warcraft, I just gave it some food, and it just liked me.So I concluded a contract with meLei said with a smile"God, this is Warcraft, lei, you are really powerfulI dreamed of having a World of Warcraft since I was a child"Yelu stares at 'Bebe' and his eyes light up. "Although I have a soul-contract scroll, but I want to let a Warcraft surrender, I'm not that strong.""Yale crest sadly said"There is no way to let Warcraft surrender? Is it possible to make a Warcraft child submission service will not work?" lei said with a smileYale shook his head and said: "I didn't even have a magician and I can only estimate the level of the first-level and second-level Warcraft children.But what kind of weak World of Warcraft do I have to do? The 7th and 8th level children of Warcraft are very hard to get.And seven, eight World of Warcraft children, early childhood strength is much stronger than meLei agreesThe shadow mouse ‘babe’ is now close to five tiers of Warcraft, which is much stronger than his lei.But together with Beibei also almost half a year, but can not be too bigThis is what makes Lin Lei, also the place where Dillingwater doubts"LEI, are you a shadowy mouse called ‘beibei’? Can you give Babe to hug me?” Renault’s eyes could not be separated from the little mouse.“BebeLei immediately persuaded ‘bebe’ through the exchange of souls"No, no"Bebe's soul can also express a simple meaning to lei. At the same time, ‘bebe’ is still yelling at Renault: “Oh ~~~” is constantly screaming. It is obviously very angry.Renault could not help but pick up his mouth"Renault, tell you a way. Bebeet is fond of roast meat. Later you will get some roast duck and roast chicken. It's often babe to eat. Believe that babe is not much hostile to you.Lei said with a smile, Renault immediately listened to the eyes"The line"Renault suddenly looked at Yale with a brow and wrinkled." Yale, I don't have enough gold for the future. You have to lend it to me.When Grandpa Lome comes, I will return you""no problem"Yaleu Road“So far, we haven’t visited Ernst College well yet? Now we go to various places to stroll around, to be familiar with and familiar with, how is it?” said George, smiling sideways.Of the four brothers, George should be one of the calmest and most calm, Renault is one of the most childish, Yale ... ... is one of the most Playboy, as for lei, at least in the other three eyes is the most mysterious one<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>Double Elemental Super, etc.It's really mysterious enoughThe ancient Ernst College, a variety of ancient buildings with thousands of years of history, there are some introductions in some ancient buildingsA certain big person, once studied hereFor thousands of years, Ernst College has also trained several sacred strongmen.The four teenagers, who were at least eight years old and were only ten years old, watched the biography of some celebrities with reverence, and saw the stories of the strong sacred people in particular.One by one dreamed of when they could become the sanctuaryOnly one voice often rang in the ears of lei: "but only some rising stars, killing a purple bear must brag? can only kill nine World of Warcraft, but can not compete with sanctuary sacred domain of Warcraft, can only Beginning to enter the sanctuary realmA lot of celebrities at Ernst College are not worth mentioning in the mouth of Deling Kettle.... The four brothers in the dormitory 1987 took the shadowy mouse 'Bebe' and visited the college. They had a general understanding of the entire college. That night the four were in a luxury hotel not far from the accommodation area. Eat and drink a lot, but they drink fruit juiceThe next day, February 9, the day of formal schoolThere was no class on this day. The class was only officially started on February 10th. On February 9th, it was the persuasive speech of the leaders who went to the college and listened to the college. This group of young people was at least 6 years old and the oldest was only 12 years old. The children stayed in a classroom that could accommodate hundreds of people. They were also unclear about the identity of the leaders who spoke above. One child snored below and waited until the end of the school ceremony. One of them happily left.After dinner, there were four chairs in the 1987 courtyard. The four brothers talked about the course."It's easy enough. There is only one lesson in a day. Oh, lei is a double line. He has two classes."Yaru sighed." However, Ernst College is really relaxed. This course wants to go on and not to go."George smiled indifferently:" Yale, don't take it lightly, although the Academy has nothing to ask, but tests the strength once a yearOnly the first level of strength will go to a higher gradeIf you are not careful, are you ready for a hundred years at Ernst College? And Ernst College has regulations that fail to reach Level 6 Wizards within six decades and will be expelled from the school.Lei watched the hands of the various laws and regulations in school, but also secretly nodCollege management is easy. You can learn in college for sixty years. However, six years later, if you do not reach the level of the sixth-level wizard, you will be expelled from the college.“Yes, deported from the college?” Yale blinked. “I was really evicted. My dad would kill me."Expelled by Ernst College, that name is too hard to hear.No one is willing to bearAfter all, being able to be admitted indicates their qualifications"I'll start class tomorrow. I don't know what the teacher's level is here. If even my grandfather Lum couldn't catch up, then it's time to come.Reynolds said"Renault, your Grandpa Lum is a magician?" lei asked in astonishment"That is, of course. Grandfather Lum taught me to learn magic from the Empire of O'Brien to Ernst College.Renault said proudlyWhen lei chatted with the other three brothers, there was some expectation in the bottom of my heart.“This course of magic is not important. In the teaching of the ground magic, the level of magic of the teacher at Ernst College, how can it catch up with Grandpa Delrin? The most important thing is the magic of the wind system, do not know How is the magic of the wind system?” The sky has gradually become dark, and the laughter of the four children in the yard of the Ernst College Dormitory 1987 is still there.