Ernst College courses, there are lessons 28 days a month, only the last two days no classThe magic of the land is from 8am to 10am. The magic of the fire is from 10:30 to 12:30. The magic of the water system is from 2pm to 4pm. The wind system is from 4.30pm to 6.30pm. From 7 to 9 in the evening, the light system is between 9:30 and 11:30.However, most students are single-speaking. It takes only two hours a dayLei is a dual system, only four hours a dayAnd this kind of course wants to listen and listen. If you don’t want to hear it, no one will force you.The ground system is divided into six grades. Each grade has a building.Beginners and first-level magicians are in the first grade, second-level magicians are in the second grade, third-level mages are in the third grade... and so on, reaching the sixth magician in the sixth grade.Sixth grade students can apply for graduation at any timeOf course you can continue to study if you do not applyOn February 10th, the ground was in the first grade classroomThe first grade classrooms are very large and there are hundreds of seatsAt this moment there are already more than 20 trainees, and lei has also found a front seat. When it is eight o'clock, there are already more than fifty students in the classroom."It is estimated that only part of this is a new student. I do not know that others have read for a few years.Lei heart tunnelAfter all, a beginner who wants to reach a second-level magician will generally need several years of effort."Hello everyoneStanding above the classroom was an affable brown-haired middle-aged man. "My name is Wendy. It's your area magic teacher. Today there are more than 20 new students. As usual, now we invite new ones." The old trainees introduced themselves in turn and everyone knew each other."One after another, students began to introduce themselves."My name is Gelhan, from the eastern prairie.When I heard this young man named Gailhan introduce himself, the following lei could not help but surprised: "If it really came from all over the Magnolia mainland, even the people of the Magnolia mainland east pole region have"Magnolia continent in the geographical mapThe sacred alliance and the dark league are in the west of the Mt. Wulan World of Warcraft Mountains. The east of the Warcraft Mountains are the four empirees. There are also a prairie on the east side of the four empirees. There are also three Kingdoms on that prairie.Prairie distance from Ernst College, that is not normal farIt takes only two or three years to estimate the road alone"My name is lei, from sacred allianceLei also walked to the front of the classroom, briefly introduce myselfWhen a group of students had introduced themselves, Wendi, the magician of the land, began to brag about magic. By the second half of the class, Wendy’s teacher had described the magic of the land.Lei and a group of children listened carefully below, and lin lin's next to lin lin covette appeared."This Wendy, the foundation is very solidAlthough his strength is not very strong, but to teach a level magician, I am afraid that eight, nine magician, are unavoidably told that he is good"Derin Kewo characteristic head praisedLei is very clear about ground magic, now it sounds very easy"However, Grandpa Delrin, his foundation is solid, but it's not as easy for you to explain. It seems to be a bit complicated.Lei saidDelinkovo's head proudly smiled, and the white beard was up. “It is natural. The Sanctuary’s understanding of magic is completely beyond the level 9 magician and level 8 magician.Sanctuary is a new pointThe nature I explained was clearer than him, pointing directly to the nature of magicWhen a lesson was heard, lei decided"From now on, this place is a magic lesson every month.Lei don't want to waste timeLei has a plan in his heart and he practices magic abroad every dayAs for the place where magic is being practiced... lei has chosen a place that is the back of the Ernst Academy. The Ernest College is in a mountainous area and there are many mountains around it.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>4:30 PMLei listened carefully in the first grade classroom of the wind system"Hello everyone"A handsome blonde with long hair smiled and said," I am the sixth grade student 'Tray'. Starting today, I am responsible for your wind magic teaching. I live in dormitory No. 0298. How do I have after class? Questions can go to me"Sixth-grade students are six-level magicians who can apply for graduation at any time."They are qualified to teach first- and second-graders"Before this, let's introduce ourselves.Tray said with a smileThis is the most basic point in the first class of the school. All the students go up and introduce themselves."Hey, lei, have you found out that the lovely girls in the wind system are a lot of ah, look, the blonde girl still laughs at you?"Drinking Watert was next to lei and said with a dance." Listen to the blond girl introducing herself, like 'delia', delia, what a lovely name, with my 1300 years of experience, this little After the girl is definitely a big beauty, lei, with people smile, do a good job relationship, in order to further ah"At the moment of the lei, simply ignore the next DrincowwaterLei stared at the wind magic teacher ‘Tray’ and listened carefully to Trey’s remarks“The wind magician is the fastest magician and the most sensitive magician.And it is the only magician who can fly without the sanctuary! “Terry is very up-and-out and has a passion for wind magic.” Do you want to fly in heaven and earth by your own ability? Flying in heaven and earth, overlooking the infinite mountains and rivers, how wonderful, how amazingThe children below are all brightflight? Who doesn't want to? "Being a strong sacred can fly, but the whole Ernst Academy is hard to make a strong sacred domain for a hundred years! And the wind magician, as long as it reaches the fifth level magician, you can use it to perform ‘floatation’.Tray confidently said, "And the wind speed magician is the fastest, assisting magic ‘speed’, which can increase your speed."Of course, those are ordinary. The legendary style of the wind is the taboo of magic, 'Destruction Storm'. It is the most powerful destroying magic, as well as the legendary taboo magic of the "dimensional blade", which is also the strongest single attacking magic."Tray’s voice is highThe following teenagers are staring at their eyes"The destruction of the storm is also considered to be the strongest destruction of magic. What is the turmoil of the land in our land system? What does the rock fall?" Drinkovt, who listened to Lin alongside, was dissatisfied."Grandpa Delin, what about the blade of the dimension?" lei askedIn LEI's view, Grandpa Delin did not mention the edge of the dimension, it seems that the blade of the dimension is indeed the strongest single attack.“The edge of that dimension? The empty partition that can cut through the material plane is very strong, of course.However, although the attack is a complete mess, it is a one-time attack after all.Which is like the "earth guards" of our land, we can constantly kill each other."Drinkingwater quibblesLei guessedThe blade of this time, the power will certainly be very scaryAnd it's not as simple as Dr. Delin said.One-time attack? One-time attacks also depends on whether the other party can hide"If I later become a Dragon Blood Warrior, and then use the wind system to assist, then ... ..." lei heart a moveHowever, with listening, lei is becoming more and more interested in the wind system, and the four systems of fire, wind, wind and wind are virtually as profound as the ocean. The ocean of magic is boundless, and lei can not help but deeply immersed in it.