Ernst College Back Mountain, SilenceLei sat cross-legged sitting beside the stream, listening to the buzzing stream, naturally entered the state of meditation, the surrounding elements of the family, the wind elements are so clearly visible, all within 10 meters around the lei, everything is unprecedented clarityThe elements of the ground and the elements of the wind enter the body from the limbs. The muscles, bones and even the organs in the body slowly absorb the moisture of the elements of the ground and the elements of the wind.Physical fitness has been steadily increasing at a very slow pace.There are also a large number of elemental elements and wind elements that have been purified and eventually gathered in the middle of the chest."Hey ~~~" The buzz of the flowing stream keptNext to the shadow mouse, ‘beibei’ is a picture of a pheasant that has been gnawing on the pheasant for a peaceful and peaceful picture.But when it was quiet, the Ernst College was very noisy.Thousands of students from the entire college, as well as a large number of magic teachers, and even many outside big people have entered the Ernst Academy to watch the game.Age CupThe students of Ernst College are all proud of it! It's very exciting to have a field match. In the first grade competition, it's the fireball, the lightning and the wind blade. You come and go.The three-level and four-level competitions are wonderful. A variety of auxiliary magic, range attack magic, such as broken stones, is even more than tens of hundreds of large stones under the hammer, lightning is continuous one after anotherAs for the 5th and 6th games, it's even more amazing.A variety of dazzling magic successively appeared, and the terrifying explosion boomed continuously.The cheers from the crowds of students below have come and go, and the atmosphere has reached its peakMost of the entire college gathered here... The age of the Rugby Tournament lasted almost a month. This one month was also the most lively and crazy month of the whole Ernest College. During this lively day, lei only watched occasionally the 5th and 6th. The rest of the game, most of the rest of the time, was a person practicing quietly."This game also requires that you do not intentionally kill peopleThis kind of competition is also called the game? "Under the influence of Deling Kettle, lei is also very disdainful of this kind of show-off game."LEI, your task now is to build up your strength. As for the battle experience, when you reach the level 5 magician, enter the edge of the mountain range of Warcraft to make a true life and death trial and then accumulate it."Drincowwater so persuades LEI******Wah Teli Hotel, one of the most luxurious hotels in Ernst's inner-consumer establishments, today Yale invited guests. The four brothers in the 1987 quarters ate dinner at this Wadeli Hotel.The first floor of Huadeli HotelThe ground floor of the hotel is like a mirror. A row of beautiful female attendants stood respectfully and stood waiting.Among the many hotels in Huadeli Hotel, there are many men and women wearing uniforms. Most of the people who can spend here are more economically powerful. Such a random table meal requires dozens of coins.If it is lei but can not afford to consumeThe first graders just ended and the entire hotel participants mostly talked about the first grade.Most of them here are youth, but one of them is four children."This year's class game is a bit of a misfortune, almost ah. I can almost reach the semi-finals.Maybe I can get one of the top threeRenault said with dissatisfaction, Renault is the youngest of the four brothers, and Renault is also the most proud and confident.Yale said with a smile: "It's a pity. I didn't expect to get the first place by that Rand."George smiled and said nothing.George is a good old man, almost no one is guilty"Rand? By the way, I heard you say, is it not the elemental affinity and spiritual power among our new trainees?" lei remembered the name of 'rand'George smiled and nodded. "Yes, it's him. The talent is already high. It hasn't been cultivated yet. The innate spiritual power has reached the requirements of the second magician. This year, it just accumulated enough magical power.With the strength of the second magician, it is not difficult to win the first year of the first stage match."" What is the talent alone? Compared to talent, is he better than the first day of our college's Dixie? "Yale," he said, "I'm sorry to see that Rand. I'm not going to get a first-year match. First, lei, you didn't see it.I really don't know if he got the first place in the fifth or sixth grade ring game. "<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> The more the wizard gets up, the harder it is to practiceTherefore, thousands of trainees in the entire Ernst Academy are mostly senior, and the more senior the competition is, the more intense the competition is.Renault also nodded: "I also said that he was very upset. The first talented person in our college, the "Dixie" in the third grade, what kind of demeanor the people got in the first place of the third-year tournament? The gap is too big.And our first year is not his Rand."Yes, you didn't attend the third, if you join,Said Yale, sulkingA group of teenagers also came out on top of each other. Yale, George, LEY, and Renault followed in sequence. When the three were close relatives, they called each other ‘older’ and younger’."Hey, what do you guys say?" Four people, including lei and yao, turned around and saw the same four teenagers wandering down the stairs on the second floor of the Huadeli Hotel. The blond teenager headed by him was coldly watching lei. These four peopleYale sternly said: "Oh, it was you, Rand. What are we talking about? Didn't you hear it?" lei smiled helplesslyYale is not afraid of this person, but also special face"Oh, don't think I didn't hear itRand said coldlyThe brown-haired teenager next to Rand also made a giggle and said in an arrogant manner: "Rand, don't worry about these four wastes.Renault, what do you think? Isn’t it convinced to lose in the ring match? "Renault stared at the brown-haired boy, and his lips were disdainfully dismissed:" You something, not good luck, won me once? What is proud of? "Brown-haired teenager does not help his face a coldGeorge laughed at this time: "Land, well, let's just comment that you guys are our fault. It's just a matter of this."George, you shut up, there's no one hereRand stared at Yale. "Yale, last time, in the camphor tree bar, I just saw your arrogant appearance was very upset. This time you're still arrogant with me. You have the ability to race against me. Why don't you? Dare to compare"Rand had to laugh a few times.Yale could not help but feel angry, but his strength is indeed worse than people.All the other people in the hotel noticed the two parties. Many senior students of Ernst students stood up and looked at the two parties with great interest.Both of these parties are obviously only children who are about ten years old."I know that blond boy, called Rand, is the first in the first-year ring game. After that, it must have been low."The brown-haired boy beside him seems to be called Rui Sen, who is third in the first-year ring game. I also know that.The Landers and their gangs should have an advantage in strength. It seems that things are interesting."The group of five and six magicians talked and laughed at each other.Rand was watched, and I heard people say that he was the first in the first-year tournament. He added a little pride to his face. At the same time, he looked at the lei and the four people looked even more disdain.“呦Rand glanced at the four brothers on the lei table. "Juice?" Do you still drink fruit juice? Yeah, Yale, I'm blushing for you. The four brothers in our dormitory are drinking Kelver.You still drink fruit juiceLei saw this rand had a finished look, his brow could not help but wrinkle"Rand, our four brothers were eating here, and you gave me a little furtherLei face down, looked at the four people indifferentlyIf you are practicing yourself, if there is any beast disturbing it, it will have been directly killed."Oh, there is another"Rand eyes lit up, staring at the lei," Yale's dormitory and you are such a personal thing, how do I never know? Lei eyes coldThe whole man rushed out like a rabbit, and Rand's eyes could not help but grow up. "You--" Rand has not yet responded, lei grabbed Rand's neck with one hand, and the entire Rand will be alone To lift it up"Oh, ah, ah..." At the moment, Rand's throat doesn't make a sound, and his eyes are full of panic.Lei's cold eyes stared at Rand, feared Rand, only felt that he could be killed at any momentAnd at this time, lei felt the blood of Dragon Blood Warriors in his body burning, and the feeling of bloodthirsty came up again.Lei could not help but wrinkled, persuaded himself: "This is Ernst College, can not kill for no reasonThe three students next to Rand were also scared this time."Get outLei waved his arm and Rand was all thrown to the side like a sandbag.