Now, lei has already stepped into the boundary of the second-level fighters. The force of the first-level fighters must reach the point at which they can lift a hundred pounds of objects. Second-rate fighters can freely swing hundreds of pounds of objects."You, cough, coughRand coughed his throat a few times and then stared at lei furiously, "You, you actually ..." "Good"Yale suddenly shouted, his face full of excitement," Really happy, youngest, did not see it, your strength is so great! "" That kid is only a little bigger, great strength"The five and six levels of magicians were all surprised. There are some college magic teachers in the hotel. These people are surprised to see lei."It seems that the eleven-year-old boy was even able to easily swing ten pounds with one hand.This boy is a magician! "Hey, Rand, don't you say that you are the first in the first year?" said Yale.Rand face flushed, his heart furious, and shouted at the same time, staring at the lei: "You, are you a magician? There is a skill to use magic with me than you, what means is yours? Noble magician, even use rough The ability of the warriorRand was full of shame at the moment. He was just the first in the first-grade ring game. But when LEI grabbed him from his throat, the feeling of being controlled by others made him very frightened.“Yes, is there a skill to use magic? Are you still a student of Ernst Academy?” Ryerson, next to Rand, also immediately shoutedHowever, for the lei, the hearts of these four people have a trace of fear, just lei that amazing power or make them terrified"Magic?" Reynolds laughed at this time, proudly said, "Rand, do you really think that the first-year tournament won first place, you are the strongest of our first grade? Dream itWe are the first in the first grade, but the third oldest in our dormitory, you stand by"" The youngest, give him somethingYale also saidGeorge had just been reprimanded by Rand, but at this moment he did not give Rand his face: "Rand, I tell you, you don't have to be overwhelmed. Many of our college's masters are dismissive of attending the grade.You don’t think you’re amazingRand's face is even more ugly"If you don't know if you try it, Rand, Bibi"Those young people in the fifth and sixth grades laughed and said that in their opinion, the first-year student fight is an interesting thing to do.Rand was only ten years old, and he was a genius when he was young.Even at Ernst College, who is the top group of people, when was it so insulted? "First?" Rand gritted his teeth. "The first is not the mouth to say it, but it is better than try it out, and have the ability to compete with me alone." For his magical power, Lander was very confident. After all, after one game, it won the first place."Oh, this hotel manager is also strange, why not stop?" Some onlookers also found this doubtfulIn fact, at this time, the management staff of Huadeli Hotel was far away, but he could not interfere.Because he recognized these studentsNot to mention the significance of the Ernst student's own representation. Among these students, he did not want to mess with his identity, especially... Yale.“Yes, Sir Yale is also, er, ok, forget him, it’s just that the hotel was demolished and it’s okay with me."The hotel manager can only shake his head in the distance with his head in his head. He dares not anger this young Yale.After entering Ernst College in particular, Yale’s status in the family has also suddenly improved."Yes, the first thing is not to say it out of the mouth, but to rely on comparisons.Lei also stood up, looking at Rand looking at him coldly, "Rand, this magical match does not come to the color head is also boringIn this way, if you win, I will see you walk around you later, and if I win, you see me and walk around meRand could not help but sneer: "The color head is a bit too smallLosing people see each other, not only to walk around, but also to offer a hundred gold coins. How about? Lei brows could not help but wrinkleOne hundred gold coins? He only has one hundred gold coins for his living expenses in a year. He is not a rich person."Haha, Rand, only a hundred gold coins, you also mean to say? In this way, the losers donated 10,000 gold coins, how about?" Next to the Yalu proudly said"Ten thousand coins?" The words came out, many students in the entire hotel are sucking a cold, this is not a small amount of gold coins, the entire hotel among these students can not change color, free to come up with Tens of thousands of gold coins are probably few"Ten thousand coins?" Rand twitched in his heart.Although his family is also considered a large family, his annual living expenses are only 3,000 gold coins. This is not a time spent at Huadeli Hotel. This is to celebrate his first class with Ruizen. Three came here"Oh, did not dare?" Yale pulled out the magic crystal card and said in his hand."Rand, promise him"The next thing is Rui Sen." If our four brothers have 10,000 gold coins, I don't believe that the guy who doesn't know where to come out will be your opponent? Rand glanced at the other three brothers“Good! Ten thousand gold coins are worth 10,000 gold coins!” Rand said loudly, and then sneer looked at him and said, “Well, this place is too small to display. Let’s go and test the stage of the first grade game.Have the courage to follow me! "Land then proudly took the door to the hotel and Rand's three brothers went out with the same confidence.""We also go"Yale's eyes are shiningRenault and George were equally excited. lei nodded and smiled indifferently: “Ten thousand coins, people sent us, how can we not?” <div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle'); </script></div> LEI, Yale, Renault and George have also left the hotel and walked directly outside.In the whole hotel, it was a noisy game. There was a test of 10000 gold coins. Even among sixth-year students, there were few.Two of the special competitions, one is Rand, who has just won the first grade, and the other is a mysterious kid who has never heard of it before.A large group of people immediately checked out and rushed to the past****** The terraces and terraces are made of blue rock and they are very strong.At the moment, Lin Lei and Rand respectively stood on the side of the ring.The following is a large group of people gathered in a short period of time, after all, this time is dinner, from Hua Dali Hotel to Fujian and Taiwan on this road, a pass ten, ten pass hundred, a moment to attract a large group People came over, and the test of 10000 gold coins, the single ten thousand gold coin was enough to attract people's attention.Rand sees more and more people below and is noisy and proud of his face.“Today I had a magical test with this kid named lei. The loser offered ten thousand gold coins. Those who saw the win later had to walk around.Everybody please notarize for us"Land Lang said in a loud voice, he really enjoyed the feeling of everyone's attention, and he didn't want to worry about anything.The following was a cheering ovation. After passing through the grade level, Rand also had a number of supporters. On the contrary, very few people supported lei.And lei himself is calmly standing on the edge of the ring"Is it enough?" lei said indifferentlyRand confidently smiled: "Well, start"Land and lei almost at the same time silent magic spell, two are two magician, a level two magic spells are relatively brief, one or two only"Call!" Seven consecutive blue wind blades form out of thin air and go directly to Rand."Second magician?" The following experienced people suddenly judgedAnd Rand also issued his own magic. He saw five red fireballs and hurried toward the lei.The wind blade's flying speed is much faster than the fireball. Rand is embarrassed to avoid it.And LEI walked wildly and avoided the fireball. When he was on the move, LEI's lips were still slightly moving and he displayed a second magic.Department of magic - to surgery! “Hey ~~~” Rand only felt the blue stone under his feet shake like a wave. Under such circumstances, Rand could not meditation on the magic spell. After that, another magic from lei came out again and only saw five. The skull-sized stone rushed past with a hint of ochre lightOn the shaking ground, the Rand stations are unstable, barely avoiding two"Pang!" A stone slammed on Rand's stomach, and Lander burst into the blood, and Rand quickly blocked his head with his arm.After two consecutive crashes, Rand rolled directly under the ring and the body was full of dust.The match between Taiwan and Taiwan, Lin Lei, Sheng! Lei indulgently looked at the following rand one, lei attack their own very confident, this rand up to recuperate for a month only, if you knelt under the control of the stone to go to the randland's head, it is estimated that rand's life is gone"Two-level double magicianWe have such a master in the first year? Some of the following first-year colleges exclaimed and exclaimed. It was difficult to find a second-level magician in the first grade, and there were two double-lined magicians. In the first grade, it was definitely the strongest player."This kid has good and precise control, and her body moves well and flexibly."Some of the fifth-grade and sixth-grade students were surprised. When Lin Lei was facing the fireball attack, he could do it while he was hiding. He could still remember the spell, and this can be used to judge the lei's agility."Haha, Rand, do you really think that you are the first year in the first year? The third quarter of our dormitory is just magic, and you can easily pick it up.Yale laughed and said"Cough, coughRand stood up to his chest and stood upLander knew clearly that lei had indeed been merciless."Yale, tomorrow you carry lei, and I'll go to the four countries to transfer money, ten thousand gold, I said"Land deeply looked at the lei in the distance, this time was defeated by lei, Rand immersed in the genius of the aura completely woke upWith talent, if you do not work hard enough, you will be defeated by others! "LEI, thank you!" Rand said with full body, this is to make Yale and others a glimpse, and then Rand stared at the lei again and said, "but, I will one day defeat youThen Rand took his chest to his brother’s support and walked toward his place."LEI, you are so powerful, my brother has my unique face.Reynolds hugged Lin who walked down the ringLei looked aroundI saw a lot of people are watching Lin Lei talking about, some of the elite characters of the entire Ernst Academy are more famous, no one would have thought that in the first grade will suddenly pop out of individuals, will easily be the first in the first grade Rand Defeated"Hello, lei, my name is Danny. I'm a freshman of the water system. I'm glad to meet you."Suddenly a tall blond girl came over and smiled at lei.""Hello, my name is lei.Lei is not used to talking to strangers how much, "sorry, I immediately have to meditateAfter that, lei made a difference with his three brothers. Yale and others also learned about it. The four brothers flew out of the crowd and left quickly, leaving only the girl Danny to pick up. brow