The Four Kingdoms Gold Line, which was established by the four great empires and established a gold line that spreads over the entire Magnolia continent. Those who can handle the Magic Crystal Cards in the four countries' gold lines are also wealthy people.After all, simply handling Magic Crystal Cards requires a hundred gold coins, and most people can not bear it.Ten thousand gold coins, according to the kind of palm-sized bag, there are a hundred bags, even if the family packed in rice bags, can be loaded on the small half bags, Shen very"One hundred gold coins, it's gone.Lei walked out of the four kingdoms of Ernst College and sighed in his heart, but in his own arms there was a more Magic Card.Lei is also clear that he also lives in Ernst College, and if you put a pile of gold coins in the dormitory is certainly not safe, or replace the magic crystal card securityYou know, the production cost of this magic crystal card is not low, but it is the alchemists who have studied it in the last few hundred years. It is based on the principle of different patterns of palm lines.Each magic crystal card can only be used by people who handle Magic crystal cards.This is also why the magic crystal card processing fee is 100 gold coins.“With this million coins, my living expenses at Ernst College are completely sufficient, and there is still a lot of surplus to help my father.Lei happy heartYale leaned on lei's shoulder and whistled and looked at the rand and ryan next to him.Rand’s four of them spent all their living expenses. It is estimated that only four thousand gold coins remain in the four.Fortunately, this school year is almost over.Renault and George also all laughed and they played lei on the side.But in fact, no matter Renault or George, they did not suffer too much."The second child, the third child, and the fourth are all at the end of the month. My father's people will come over tomorrow. Then I can arrange the carriages to be guarded. How do we go to Santo?" Yale suggested"Sanctuary?" Renault, George, including lei are eye-catchingThe capital of 'The City of Finlay', that is not the usual prosperity“Holy capital, well, I rushed from the O'Brien Empire to Ernst College and spent two days in the city of Finlay. I didn’t have time to go to many places.Renault said quicklyGeorge and lei nodded"There are many places in this sanctuary. I will take you to an eye-opener tomorrow."Mysterious Yale said****** The next morning, Yale took lei, Renault, and George to eat breakfast and went directly to the main entrance of Ernst College. He began to wait for Yale’s father’s team at the gate.Waited for about two hours, the team has not yet appeared"Hey ~ ~ ~" babe also screamed on the shoulders of lei"Bebe is anxious, Yale, you pulled us in the early morning and the team hasn't appeared yet.Renault said with dissatisfaction, Yale regretted: "I don't know, it's time to come."Lei is touching beibei's head"coming"Yale suddenly said loudlyRenault, George, and lei, who nearly fell asleep next to each other, looked in the distance. Four horse carriages and hundreds of knight guards arrived in the distance. There were seven or eight Griffins flying over the team. Among the hundreds of knights, there are also more than a dozen people riding on Warcraft, or riding a bloodthirsty iron cattle, or riding a wind wolf"A Yale family's team is so not allowedLei could not help but marvel, Renault, George eyes are also shiningDeling Kewater sat beside lei at this time and basked in the sun. He saw the team's eyes light up. Just a moment, four carriages and hundreds of knights went to the entrance of the college. There were three magicians in the college. Immediately came over<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The first carriage of a four carriage left a middle-aged man. This middle-aged person did not follow three positions. The magician speaks, but first goes to Yale“Uncle, how did you come to now?Yale said with dissatisfactionYale's name 'Uncle' immediately said with a smile: "Oh, wait for anxiousness? Well, I'm ready for your carriage, the last of the four carriages, the last one and some goods, I let them Move downYou go to Santo"" Kas, you bring three people, responsible for protecting the young Yale"This second uncle directly orderedI saw a bald knight in the distance dismounted immediately and went to Yale and respectfully said, "Cass, I have seen Sir Yale.” Deling Ke Water next to Lin Lei eyes brightened, said to lei: “ lei, your brother Yale is not ordinary, this cass, just discontinued walking, even a look, I can feel that this cass Strength is much stronger than your uncle Hillman, is a master, and he shoulders that eagle, should be seven Warcraft - Blue Eye Eagle" Being able to be judged by Deling Kettle, this Cass is obviously not ordinary"Lei, go, fast, we go to SantoYale calledLei and other three immediately followed up, in turn into that one of the carriages, this carriage has a large internal space, four people are not too crowded to sit downAt the same time, the coachman drove the pilgrim ‘Finlay City’The four escort knights such as Kas are in the carriageThere were even a variety of fruits in the carts inside the cabinets, and even sealed wines. The four brothers sang and talked while eating in the carriage. The Ernst College was only about twenty miles from the city of Finlay, and the carriage drove about half. Hours to reach the city of Saint-FinlayUnder the carriageThe four lei brothers toured the city of Finlay under the protection of four people such as Kass.“Oh, everyone said where are you going now? This is a lot of fun places in the city of Finlay. There are many luxury places in the city of Finlay. There are many beautiful women who serve them, while Finlay West City has many art halls. For example, the famous Prouks Hall"Yale is very familiar with the city of Finlay."“Beauty serve? Well, well, we go to Finlay EastRenault’s Renault eyes flashed"It's still in the morning. Wait until the evening is interesting. Of course, go now."Yale smiled and saidLei still has some resistance to those places, then said: "Yale, forget, what is our group of children to go to what? Just now you said Prouks Hall? This Prouks Hall, even Prouks master Name it, it should be very bad, let's go and have a lookProuks, the first person in the stone carving industry in Magnolia mainland“Master Prouk? I’ve also heard of him and said that one of the works was bought at a high price of millions of gold coins. It seems to be called 'Hope'.Millions of gold coins, God, is really rich enoughRenault sighed next to himGeorge confidently smiled and said: "There are countless stone sculptures spread from prehistoric times to the present day.Among the top ten stone carvings, any one value is calculated in millions of gold coins.Among the top ten stone carvings, the Prouks master is the only oneIt can be regarded as the first person in the stone carving industry. Lei sucks coolMillions of gold coins? What kind of huge sum is this? Even if one’s own family is trying to sell the ancestral home, it is estimated that only 100,000 gold coins can be withdrawn."Go, let's go and seeLei immediately said