Plucks HallThe first hall of the stone carving industry is divided into several major cities in the mainland of Magnolia.The Prouks Hall covers an extremely wide area. Most of the people who enter and leave the Prouks Hall are self-fulfilling people.In the Prouks Hall, if you wear a few magic diamonds on your hands, it is estimated that others will only look down on you, and ironically you are not literate.Art, quality! Here are the most particular about theseProuks Hall tickets, one for each personSuch as the music voice of Shanshui was passed from the Plucks Hall. After listening to it, people felt a quiet heart. The people who walked into the Plucks Hall were endless, nobles, ladies and beautiful ladies. One by one is very tastefulIn front of the Prouks Hall, civilians will unconsciously conceitThe four lion brothers and four security guards such as Kass came directly to the square in front of the Prouks Hall. However, those with a bit of vision saw the Ernst Academy-style clothes worn by the four siblings of the lei, and then saw the shoulders of Cass. The blue-eyed thunder eagles are all unassuming."Uncle Kas, you come in with us, and the other three are waiting outside.Yale said freelyThe lei four and Kas entered the Prouks Hall. In the central hall of the Prouks Hall there is a tall humanoid stone sculpture. This humanoid stone carving is the first person in the stone carving industry. 'GrandmasterThe entire Prouks Club is very quietAlmost all people, regardless of their status, speak in a manner that reduces their voices and intimidates othersYale, Renault, George, and Lin Lei looked at the stone pieces that they placed. They felt that these stone carvings were indeed beautiful."Plucks Hall exhibition hall is divided into three parts - general exhibition hall, expert exhibition hall, master exhibition hallThis general exhibition hall, that is, some stone-carving enthusiasts sent their own works to others for tasting. The price of the exhibition was one month, and the price was higher one month later.These works are relatively common, most of them worth a few gold coins, excellent dozens of gold coins."Yale smiled and said:" The master's exhibition hall is different, the expert exhibition hall is divided into a separate exhibition room, each independent exhibition room is the same master worksGenerally known as the master, that is his stone carving strength is recognized, and his work is generally worth about one thousand gold coins."As for the master exhibition hall, it is even more powerful. The entire interior of the hall is full of masterpieces. There are a total of just a few masterpieces in the master hall. The price of the master's work is horrible. Everyone is tens of thousands of gold coins. Some of the master’s fame is as much as hundreds of thousands of gold coins.Yale told three brothers in detailLei breathed and listenedThe works of the master are tens of thousands of gold coins. For the masters of the stone carving industry, the money is nothing.“But the stone masters, they are all hard to come up with a piece of work. After all, they don’t want to leave a stain on themselves.“Yaru laments,” “A work that can be handed down, it is the need for strength, talent, and a certain inspiration! "The works of this general exhibition hall just look good and we go aheadYale leads the way in frontWalking in the quiet and spacious Prouks Hall, listening to the music that people feel quiet, lei felt himself immersed in an artistic oceanAt this time, Drincowout came out of the ring of dragons. Delrinkwater also admired the surrounding stone carvings."It's so rotten, what's so bad, what is this standard, and dare to show it to others?" said Drinlin Watert, dissatisfied."Grandpa DelinLei turned to look at Dillingwater. "This is just the general exhibition hall of the Prouks Hall. There are expert exhibition halls in front of it, as well as the master showroom."""Plucks Hall? "Drincowwater surprised, never even talked again.""Grandpa Delrin, Grandpa Delrin?" lei called in the heart a few times, see delin kovo still immersed in meditation will no longer botherThen came Yale, Renault and George to the master's exhibition hall. The master's exhibition hall was really different. In the lobby of the master's exhibition hall, there was every master's message and independent booth location.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The Yale and LEI people enter a separate exhibition roomAlthough there is not enough knowledge of stone carvings, lei obviously feels that these masterpiece works are obviously different from those outside, and they seem to have a special kind of temperament.When lei was immersed in various works, he suddenly heard Drinkovt’s voice in his head."Yeah, it's getting started.“Derlinkovo’s character praised him first.” But compared with Prouks’s work, there is still a big gap.Lei was speechless"Grandpa Delin, how could they compare to Proctor?" lei shook his head and smiled, Proux, but it was the first person in the stone carving world.Delin Kewoert frowned and his white beard was displeased. "What's wrong? Prouks is born to be a master. He is also a step-by-step grower from an ordinary stone sculpture, and finally becomes a true stone master. ofLei leiIt makes sense to listen to Grandpa Delin.After visiting the independent exhibition rooms of the masters, the four brilliants of the lei marched towards the innermost ‘master exhibition hall’.“Everyone remembers that when you’re in the master gallery, don’t touch it. If it’s broken, it’s bad.Yale remindedStep into the master showroom, a quietThe master exhibition hall is very large, but the works are very scarce. There are only a few masters in total, and each master is also placed in four or five works.The entire master gallery will also store these twenty or thirty works.Although the works are scarce, but as soon as the lei and other four people see the stone carvings, they feel a swift atmosphere, as if these works are all life-like"Oh, yes, yes, I didn't expect that after 5,000 or 6,000 years, the craftsmanship of this stonework would have developed to this point.“Drincowout exclaimed.” If they go further, it is estimated that they can compete with Proux.Immersed in the hall of art, the lei four even feel that their hearts have been sublimated****** In the evening, at the entrance of Ernst College, four lions got out of the carriage.“I’m the second child, the third child, and you two too. I’m saying that I’ll enjoy myself in the city of Finlay this evening. You’re... Well, my face is too thin, I think I played in those places since I was six years old.Yale still said with some indignation"Yeah, that is,Renault also side by sideGeorge and lei glance at each other and smile"Quick, open the door!"Lei four people do not look from the side to the side, saw a young curly hair holding a young man who was stained with blood, next to a pretty woman on the side, the young man with blood stains pale, while the left arm has been broken Lost, exposed white bones, and several claw marks on the chest"It seems to be going to the Wow Forest to try to be injured. This is the first few batches? It was less than a year since I arrived at Ernst College. I have seen quite a few senior students who have been injured in the trial." Yale said casually on the sideWorld of Warcraft, east of the Holy AllianceIn fact, the Mountain of Warcraft is also very close to the Ernest College, probably only more than 100 miles, generally a good half-day can run from the Warcraft Mountains to Ernst College"At Ernst College, I see most of them is Warcraft, wow, those Warcrafts have flying in the sky, there are all kinds of running on the ground.However, there are magical teachers of the Ernst Academy who are mostly of Warcraft, and there are a small number of senior students.George sighedWhen the four brothers came to the door of the college, suddenly - "Lee"Familiar voice sounded, lei turned to look, his face could not help reveal the color of surprise:" Uncle Hillman”