Hillman was in the doorway of the college. He smiled and came over at the moment: “The management of Ernst was really strict. I didn’t allow me to go in. I just let an escort go inside the college to find you.I did not expect you to come from outside"Yale, you first go back to the dorms. I will return later."Lei turned around and saidYale, George, and Renault all smiled at Hillman and entered the Ernest College."Uncle Hillman, how did you come here? Didn't you have to wait until the end of the school year did you come to pick me up?" lei questioned wonderingly."Come, come next to sayHillman pulled lei aside and his face had an unpleasant joy. "LEI, I tell you a big happy event, a big happy event."Lei eyes bright"What happened?" lei urgedHillman smiled and said: "LEI, do you know the birthday of Wharton, right?" "I know what happened on January 3rd. What does this matter have to do with Wharton's birthday?" lei doubted.Hillman laughed: "It's all in December now. Little Wharton is almost six years old. Just last night, your father tested the blood concentration of Dragon Blood Warrior to Wharton in the ancestral hall. Tests, haha..." When it comes to this, Hillman laughs again.Lei felt his heart beat suddenly acceleratedTest blood concentration? The result is... lei chase: "Watton's bloodthirty blood concentration reached the limit?" Hillman smiled and focused on the head: "Yes, your father was very happy yesterday, ah, excited to drink with me, Have been drinking until midnightYour father said that he is most proud of having two sons in his life. One is a great magician and the other is a dragon warrior.Haha..." "Great!Lei excited in the heartThe Dragon Blood Warrior family inherited more than 5,000 years, when the small Wharton did not detect the concentration of the bleeding vein reached the limit, this responsibility is completely on the shoulders of the leiThe greater the glory of the Dragon Blood Warriors in the past, the more heavy the responsibility of lei shouldersNowadays, the blood of his own brother is enough, and it only takes decades of hard work to become a dragon warrior in the world."I came to tell you about this big happy event today. Your father also told me that now Wushan Town is the strongest person in me and your father.It's just six fighters! The level of our experience cannot teach your younger brother, and the records of your family can only be considered on paper."Silman looked serious," so your father decided to send your brother to O'Brien's O'Brien Academy to study, in the most powerful military empire, in the top Warriors Academy, you The younger brother will get the best teachingLei also agreeIf a person is arbitrarily strong, if he does not have enough skills or experience, he can only be considered as a gorilla with a brute force."wrong"Lei Lei brows, looked at Hillman," Uncle Hillman, that O'Brien College fees should be very high, they are free for their students, foreign students are very embarrassing feesLei but remember how much Renault tuition fees at the Ernst Academy<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Hillman nodded. "O'Brien College, tuition for about $5,000 a year, your father's preparation Let Helician's housekeeper follow Wharton and take care of Wharton in the O'Brien Empire. The tuition is very high. Ten years is 50,000 gold coins.” 50,000 gold coins, almost to make the Baruch family sell almost everything in the house"Yes, Uncle Hillman"Silman looked puzzled and looked at Lin, I saw lei took out a magic crystal card from his pocket in his arms, Hillman could not help but exclaim:" Magic crystal card? "In the past, Hillman also served as captain in the military, and also saw the magic crystal card."LEI, how do you have a magic crystal card? Your father did notHillman was surprised to see leiLin Lei took Hillman and said: "My magic crystal card is a rich young master and I lost magic to me, go, follow me to the four countries gold line"The security staff at Ernst College did not stop Hillman at this moment because they recognized the lei that went out of college in the morning.For lei, too much gold is not very useful. It is enough to help your family.......Ushan Town, Baruch Family House in the living roomHogg is thinkingSince the family has developed a bloodthirsty condition for the bloodthirsty brethren, it must be cultivated.This is no doubt! “The stone screen in the bedroom, who should it sell to?Hogg kept thinkingTo make Little Wharton go to O'Brien College, the cost is amazingHow to sell some items within the family to a high price, which is what Hogg needs to considerSuddenly footsteps soundedHogg looked up and said, "Hilman, you're back, oh, what's on your shoulders?" Hillman threw the bag from his shoulders on the ground, and the deep sound of the bag hitting the ground could explain This bag is heavy"Master Hog, this is what lei brought me back.Hillman untied the bag and poured it straight out. He saw a small yellow bag piled up into a pile. The sound of the gold coin inside the yellow bag was so clear.In particular, this yellow sachet is a bag of gold coins specially used by the four countries to hold gold coins. A bag is usually exactly one hundred gold coins."Gold coins? So many gold coins, there are nearly 10,000 gold coins."Hog looked shocked at Hillman." Hillman, you said that this is what lei brought you back? "Hillman solemnly said:" A total of 9,900 gold coins, this is what lei asked me to bring you, in the Ernst College has a rich kid and lei to test magic, lost to lei gold 10,000, Lei he stored in the magic crystal card, now all the gold coins in the magic crystal card out"Silman still remembers lei's words in the four countries' gold line at the moment, saying to the service personnel:" Take it all! "" 9900 gold coins? Lei's? Looking at the pile of gold coins in front of him, Hogg was silent.