A few days later, Ernst CollegeIn the morning, Lin Lei had eaten breakfast, and set off to go to Mount Hou for practice.Walking on the road in the college, Xiaoyinger stood on the shoulders of lei and looked around in all directions. Among the Ernst colleges, there were many people with Warcraft, so lei had a shadow mouse and nobody cares about it. It was at this time. - "That's lei, our first real magician in the first grade?A crisp voice came not far aheadLei could not help but look at the source of sound, I saw two cute little girls whispered to each other, but also from time to time to see lei, stay lei to see the past, the two little girls also whispered grinning with each other"I also became a celebrity"lei laugh in the heartDuring these past few days, when I meet someone, I often hear people talk about themselves.Can beat RAND's No. 1 Rand, lei has been faintly considered to be the first player in the first grade."ah, in front of it?" lei eyes suddenly locked in a thin figure in the distanceShort blond hair, thin and small with Renault, the whole person is cold, walking so cold on the road"Dixie?" lei pupil can not help but shrinkDixie, who is now nine years old, is even one month younger than ling if it is counted on a monthly basis.This is a nine-year-old kid who is now a third-level magician.Although it is harder to practice a magician, it’s amazing how old the magician is at the age of nine."It was Dixie's yeah. I heard yesterday's test results at the end of the year. Dixie has reached Level 4 magician.Some of the 17-year-old girls next to them were talking to each otherIn the third grade, most of them are over 16 years old, and only Dixie is a super genius."4 magician!" lei only felt a heart twitching jerks, the same nine years old, and Dixie is still a month smaller than himself, but he is already a fourth-level magician, but he is only a second magicianNatick west face cold, walked by leiPeerless genius ‘Dixy’, one of his peers can’t find one who can compare with himA streamer flew out of the Panlong's ring, and Deling Kettle laughed beside Lin Lei: "LEI, your difference is not large. When Dixie enters school, his spiritual power is 68 times that of his peers.This shows that he hasn't cultivated yet. His spiritual power has stepped into the level of the third magician.So in his first year at Ernst College, he just accumulated enough magical power to reach the level 3 magician.Now that he has been in school for almost two years, he has reached level 4 magician and is also normal.Lei also understand in mindThe talent of the other party is too high, and the spiritual power is so strong, plus the affinity of the elements is superb, and the accumulation of magical power is certainly very fast."Now he is practicing fast, but from the fourth-level wizard to reach the fifth-level magician, I estimate that he needs three or four years, and the fifth-level magician to reach the sixth-level magician, it is estimated that it takes four or five years.""You are now a second magician. He is a fourth-level wizard, but I am confident that you will catch him within ten years."“Drincowwater confidently saidLei did not believe"Grandpa Delin, the higher the talent, the faster the cultivation will be.His talent is much higher than me, and now he is two full steps above me. How could I catch him in just ten years? Lei is not a fool, learning at the Ernst Academy, let him understand the magician every upgrade a difficultIn the past, Dillingke Watert said that Lidar was sent to the sixth-level magician within ten years, but in this regard, Lin Lei also had some doubts in his heart.After all, the speed of progress is nowWhile speaking, lei has already walked out of the back door of Ernst College and entered directly into the back mountain.Quickly walking in the mountains, Deling Kewater suddenly said: "LEI, to a place near the wall""Back wall? Lei some doubts"Don't ask so much. I'll tell you when I get there.Drinkovt laughedMost of the back hills were covered with vegetation and weeds. They had a variety of towering trees. However, lei also found a place to meet the requirements of Deling Kettle. There was a raised mountain of several hundred meters. LEI was here. Mountain peak standing“Grandpa Delin, what did you let me come here?” lei asked, wonderingDelin Kewot laughed: "LEI, don't you not believe it, can I let you catch him in just ten years? Haha... lei, I'm Delin Keowite as a sanctuary, actually There is a way to increase spiritual power""How to increase spiritual power? Meditation exercise is not it? Lei puzzled looking at delincowaterDelin Kewotte said with a chuckle: "LEI, I admit, the meditation exercise effect is very good, but after meditation exercise, the whole person will be very tired."Of course weary, meditation exercise is the continuous use of spiritual power, consumed to a bottom line, and then let the spirit of self recovery, only to blameLei frownedDrincowwater pridely said: "I am different in this approach. It does not consume spirit power at all. It is an entertainment activity.""Entertainment activities? Lei some worry"Yes, this kind of entertainment is--Carving!" There was a proud look on Derlin Kovert's face.“Sculpture?” lei surprised. “Is that the Prouks Hall kind of stone sculpture?” Drincowott smiled and said: “Yes, other people may need to spend energy, busy sweating, but my sculpture The method may be very tired at first, but in the middle and late period, the effect is very good."<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Really fake? Lei some do not believeDrinkovt blinked: "LEAIL, don't believe me? Think of me as a sanctuary of the Pu'ang Empire. At the beginning of several pieces of stonework, many nobles bid millions to buyBut how can some of my works that Sanjo Magister is proud of give to others? "" So powerful, how have I never heard of the name of Grand Master Delin in the Master of Sculpture? Lei puzzledDeling Kewater yelled: "This, my works have been hidden in underground chambers. No one knows. Five thousand years have passed and I don't know where my original underground chamber is."For more than 5,000 years, the empire of Bohai, the emperor of the Pu'ang Empire has been flattened. Who knows where his underground chamber is?" Oh, no one knows.Lei said with a smile"You don't believe it?" Drinkovt blinked. "The protagonist's hairy boy still ran to me, begging me to show him my work, and after researching my work, Pluck This boy had a breakthrough and eventually became a generation of masters. Speaking of it, he should be my disciple.Lei stunned"Proux?" lei really scaredThroughout the ages, the first person in the stone sculpture community, Prouks, could even be regarded as a disciple of Deling Kewater."Of course, if Proux's works are pursuing perfection, my works pursue an extreme.My stone carving technique was named by me as the 'Ping Knife' genre.The flat knife school is completely different from any other stone carving art school. At the other extreme, this kind of carving method will start to be very tired and troublesome, but in the later period, you will taste the real sweetness."Drinkovt has absolute confidence in his faceEyes swept toward the lei, Delin Kewot smiled and said: "Of course, the knife school was only me in the past, from today, the knife school will have a you" lei heart is very trustful to delin grandfather, naturally decided to learn carvingWhat's more, if you really can, as Derinckwater said, your strength can not only grow quickly, but you can also become a master of stone carving, stone carving alone, and enough to support your younger brother’s tuition fees.“There are only tens of thousands of years of history that can be documented in written records. However, in the long years before that, words have not actually formed, but stone carvings have already existed.“Drincowate sighed and said,” dating back hundreds of thousands of years ago, millions of years ago, our ancestors will see and think of the sculpture, which is the oldest way of inheriting civilization.Lei noddedNo matter what kind of works of art, it can't keep up with the ancient stone carvings.“From ancient times to the present, among the countless forms of art, no one can be more ancient than stone carving, and there is no one that can express what people see and hear and express the joys and sorrows in the heart.This also makes the stone carving art indefinitely for many years. ""Stone stone is hard and it is difficult to sculptIt is more difficult to form a unique charm.The more difficult it is, the more successful the work becomes."Derlin Corvette sighsLei agreesFor example, in painting, you can easily draw a natural stroke, but you have to sculpt a very natural stroke, it is very difficultBecause the stone is too hard"The shape, texture, texture, and color of stone are not only concrete images, but also the beauty itself.Using a guillotine to cut away the extraneous parts of hard rock, the beautiful image is naturally exposed and revealed.This is stone carving"The method of carving is actually a method of dealing with the image and space."When carving, from the outside to the inside, step by step, subtract the scraps, and step by step to outline the 'shape'. In the process of subtracting the scraps one by one, the 'shape' will become more and more clear, which will make the creators Naturally feel the wonderful feeling of the work 'out of the shell'"...Derlin Corvette talks about stone carving, it's a constantHowever, LEI also feels that Deling Kewater is admiring the stone carving."The general engraving method requires a lot of tools, such as: round knife, flat knife, oblique knife, triangular knife, jade bowl knife, axe, saw ... ... and many other toolsThe reason why there are so many tools is the reason why the stone itself is relatively hard. They will use round knives to arrange, flat knives to cut, and triangle knives to..." Listening to the narrative, lei also understands the general principles of stone carving.Derlin Keowt suddenly laughed: "However, my carving method is different from everyone else because my carving method uses only one kind of tool - the flat knife, so I claim to be my flat. Knife flow '!' 'How could it be, how could the flat knife alone be used for carving?' LEI immediately refuted, 'You said just now, like the scales of fish scales, how could you use a flat knife to sculpt? Is it impossible?' Maybe, but we can be a magician“Drincowwater confidently said, “The magicians in the area can fully feel the stone itself. As long as there is enough wrist power, it is possible to sculpt by a flat knife alone.Of course, this flat knife school is not that simple. Your task today is to buy a sharp knife that is sharp enough. From tomorrow, I will spend three hours a day teaching you about stone carving.”