Brooks flow, lei sits cross-legged, holding a flat knife and a large slap stone“Starting from the basics, practice with this small stone first...” In the back of the Ernst Academy, lei, alone, began his sculpture studies under the guidance of Derlin Kewalt, with the knowledge of the sculpture itself. The more and more clear, lei also understand why the "Pingdao" genre can improve the spiritual power in the middle and lateOthers need to use a lot of toolsIt takes a lot of thought to use different tools in different places. Naturally, every effort is made to work out, and every good work is done with painstaking efforts.Flat knife school is differentTools only have a flat knife, do not need to think for a variety of tools, of course, just use a tool is also much more difficult, such as jade bowl knife can be carved out of the part, to use flat knife carving, you need to master the stone Nearly exacting requirementsThere is powerSome big scraps need to be opened with an axe. If you only use a flat knife, you need enough power.The mastery of stone can be felt by the unique ability of a magicianAnd wrist force requires trainingLei is now a second magician, wrist can be considered goodIn addition, his wrists can only be carved into small works. To engrave large ones, his wrists are still insufficient.But... now, lei is just playing the foundation****** When the school year ended, Lin Lei returned to Wushan TownAfter the Chinese New Year, Little Wharton and his brother lei gathered together for a few days and went to the O'Brien empire under the care of the Greek Shepherd. lei could only watch the small Wharton leave, crying only six years old. The old Wharton and the ten-year-old lei are separatedtime fliesIn Ernst College, lei still walks alone and spends most of the day practicing in the back of the college.When he entered puberty development, lei's appetite soared, and his height also went straight to his knees. His physical quality and strength naturally rose by leaps and bounds. In stone carving techniques, there was a teaching by Delincott, and lei's own efforts also had a Progression... Spring is coming, flowers are blooming, and the past three years have passedA waterfall on the back of the Ernst CollegeThe "rumbled ~~~" falls like a curtain of water and falls in the deep pool.And lei was on the side of the waterfall, holding a knife with nearly thirty centimeters in length and carving it on a half-high stone. The flat knife almost danced into a phantom. This flat knife passed by, and the waste of stone continued to Flying away, the embryos of the whole stone carving gradually look likeFrom morning to evening, this stone carving becomes more and more clearLei eyes completely condensed on the stone carving, the whole person at this moment is like immersed in nature, the heart fits inside the entire stone carving, that kind of wonderful feeling makes lei feel no time at all, this feeling completely close to nature, even let lei Spiritual power began to recover or even grow up.However, if Lin Lei himself is still unaware, he still uses the flat knife like the arm.The continuous reduction of stone scrap made the whole stone face more and more prominent. When the sun went down, the flat knife in the hands of lei finally stopped."Look!" lei breathed a sigh of relief, the stone was thrown away, the entire stone sculpture appeared completely, I saw nearly half a meter long mouse standing vividly in front of lei, at first glance thought it was really a mouse, which touches a small shadow Rat 'Babe' yells on the sideFrom beginning to end, all in one! "Inquisitive feeling" lei found this time, his spiritual power actually increased a large partIn a white robe of the month, Dilling Kettle is smiling and saying: "LEI, from today, you are barely getting started. You feel the wonderful feeling, right? But your work can only be regarded as In a similar form, it can only be put in the general exhibition hall of the Prouks Hall. To take it out is to throw my face and destroy it."" Yes, Grandpa DelinLei's flat knife flashed several times in a row, the original stone carving was cut into more than a dozen copies, lei this year, stone carving techniques can be considered entryAnd this year, lei is thirteen! Day after day, year after yearWhen the art of stone carving was introduced, lei's spiritual power improved much faster.Accurately stated that LEI reached the second magician at the age of nine and a half, and he became a third-level magician at the age of eleven.At the age of thirteen, he became a four-level magician! The difficulty of the magician's rank increases sharply. According to reason, from the fourth magician to the fifth magician, lei needs at least three years.The fact is that - in the autumn of the year of the Yulan Calendar in the autumn of 9996, when he was 14 and a half years old, he reached the fifth magician.From the fourth-level wizard to the fifth-grade wizard, it only takes one and a half yearsShorter than grade 3 to grade 4This is the role of the flat knife school sculpture! ...... Yulan calendar In the spring of 9997, this is the seventh year of lei at Ernst College. This year, lei is 15 years old.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> lei in a sky-blue robe walks on the aisle of ernst college and stands on lei's shoulder. The cute little mouse "Bebe", even if the past six or seven years, the shadow mouse's babe's body has not changed in the slightestToday's lei, a height of one meter eighty, the whole person naturally has a steady atmosphere, the elements of the ground, the wind system elements continue to transform the body with lei continuous practice, and blood dragon warrior blood unique advantages, making lei Has the strength of a four-level warriorHundreds of pounds of boulders can easily be lifted, and punches can smash stonesThe learning of the school of flat knife also made lei begin to improve since the age of thirteen.Yulan Calendar In the beginning of the year 9997, lei entered the fifth grade of Ernst College, and was in the same grade as Dixie, the first genius of the college. Dixie spent three years of effort before he reached the fifth grade from the fourth magician. The magician, but from the level five magician to the level six magician's hurdle, it has not passed.15 years old, five magician! Lei and dixie, indeed can be considered perverted characters, but in the hearts of most people, lei is even more abnormal, after all, only from the college test time, lei seems to just spend a year to reach the five magic from the fourth level magician divisionLei amazing speed of progress, so that everyone is amazingTogether with Dixie, lei was recognized by the college's owners as the two leading geniuses of the Ernst Academy.“Look, this is lei. The year before last year he reached the fourth level magician. Last year he reached the level five magician. It was just a year! It was amazing.I guess ah, lei will reach level six magician earlier than dixie"" lei he was pensive in the mountains every day, I heard Dixie recently went to the mountain after repair, it is estimated that also affected by lei"" It is very likely that with the speed of lei's horror progress, it may even be possible to replace Dixie and become the first genius of our college in Ernst."...a lot of people on the road saw lei whispering to each other. The two geniuses recognized by the Ernst Academy were all talked about.However, even if the strength of lei is strong, it does not participate in any of the old ring game"Genius?" lei laughedLei never thought that he was a genius, his strength was almost constant perseverance every day, six years in the college as a day-like insistence, plus delin grandfather to teach carefullyThis has achieved today's achievement"But my strength is not against Bebe.Lei looked beside bebe, "bebe, what level do you reach now? "" Hey ~ ~ ~" babe grinned lei, the soul exchanges, "I do not know, I did not try and other Warcraft, anyway, you are not my opponent, hey ~ ~" babe is proud VeryDo not care about the worship of people around the eyes and arguments, lei calmly walked out of the back door of Ernst College, entered the back of the hill, and began the same penance as in the pastSix years of hard work, this is the reason for the success of LEILei quickly and elegantly limped in the middle of the mountains. The little mouse "bebe" also kept chatting with the lei through the soul: "Forest boss, when are we going to conduct the trial of the warcraft forest, you have reached the level five magician Now, you can start the trial. I can also be a good player.In no hurryLei's answer is very brief“It’s really sad, but I’m a World of Warcraft, but I’ve never been to Warcraft Forest once. It’s really sad."In the past six years, Bebe's ability to express has become stronger and stronger."Quiet, if you're noisy, don't help you barbecue today.Lei said this, babe immediately shut up silentlyWhile Lin was walking through the mountains, Deling Kettle was floating beside her. She looked at the lei. Delin Kewot was also pleased."Lei"Drincowwater suddenly soundsLei turned around and watched Drincowort smile and talked to each other's soul and said: “Grandpa Delin, what's the matter?” Delrinkwater smiled and said: “According to your recent works, I can formally Tell you that your stone carving skills are already in the beginningLei eyes do not light upOneself, this grandfather of Delin, had a strange temper, that is, if the stone works that did not reach the standard were to be destroyed even after they were completed, according to Drincowott, “This kind of work is placed in the world and it is our school of cutting. Face, Lost My Face Sanctuary Mage's FaceBecause of this, lei had to destroy a piece of work that could be sold for money."Into the palace? Grandpa Delin, what do you mean?" lei surprised to watch Delin KewaterDerlin Kewater nodded willingly and said: "Yes, starting today, your stonework will not need to be destroyed after completion.Of course, you can also send the works to the Brooks Hall to sell off the reputation of our school of flat knife and get some gold coins by the way.”