The sunshine in the spring is warm and comfortable. The teenager in the 1987 dormitory is staying in the courtyard.Yale, George, and Renault are all chatting with each other. Yale and George are now 16 and Renault is 14 years old.The three people are also very tall, and even if the tallest George has a meter or six, the tallest Yale is an amazing nine meters."George, don't you go with both of us, the old four are broken, you and the youngest also installed? So, at the end of the month you go to the 'green water paradise' in the city of Finlay, the cost I pay, to ensure that you Shu Comfortable service, but also to ensure that the little girl is a place, how is it?” Yale holding two small stone piers constantly exercise the chest muscles, while laughing and talking on the mouthThese two small piers are estimated to be two or three pounds each. Normally, lei is not looking at them at all.George smiled and said, "Yale boss, you don't force me. You go to Clearwater Paradise. I'm drinking outside with my third child. Isn't it very good?" Renault also murmured, "George, you're not a man at all."George can only smileSuddenly, footsteps outside the courtyard rang and Yale put down two small stone piers and looked towards the entrance to the courtyard. He said: “Father is coming, go, we are going to eat—” Halfway, Yale’s words However, onlyI saw lei carrying a huge stone on the shoulder. This stone is a meter high and there are definitely hundreds of jins.However, lei seemed to be so easily rushing into the courtyard with huge stones. Yale, George, and Renault were stunned. Lin arbitrarily put this huge stone weighing hundreds of pounds on the courtyard. The heavy sound that hits the ground is also the boulder. Let Yale three hearts tremble"What the hell is this, youngster, I know your strength is great, but how is it so big?" Yale stared at this huge stone. "Is this huge stone hollow?" Said Yale also went up, his hands clasped Boulders try to lift"Yeah!" Yale desperately forced his face to be flushed, but the big stone seemed to take root"Yale boss, you don't waste energy, you can't moveLei said with a smileYale's physical strength, even a class of soldiers can not, how could move? Renault looked at the huge stone with wide eyes, exclaimed a few times, and then turned to look at Lin Lei and wondered: "Hey, lei, what a boulder do you get in the dormitory? Ah, I know"Renault's eyes light up," I have seen powerful warriors, hands constantly using heavy stones for weightlifting to exercise, aren't you ready to lift weight? "" Such a large stone can break me into patties."George took a look at the huge rock, but also exclaimed a few times, then looked to lei doubted." Third child, you will move this big stone into the dormitory, in the end what use? Lei smiled and looked at his three good brothers and spit out two words in his mouth: "Stone Carving!" "According to Drinkovt, his own stone carvings are already in the beginning, and the carving of stone carvings takes a long time. It is usually not enough for a day or two.In the past, you were free to prevent the damage in the back of the mountain, and you did not care. But now it is different."Stone carving?" Yale, Renault, and George are all surprised to stare at lei"How, very surprised?" lei looked at his three brothersRenault said again and again: "Not very surprised. I was very surprised. Our four brothers were counted together for six or seven years. But we have never seen you engrave. Can you begin to study the carving of stone carvings today?" A smile: “Who said that I started to learn sculpture today, I have been practicing sculpture in Houshan for more than five years, and this time, this work is carved out and I’m ready to send it to the Prussian Pavilion to see if I can Selling money"In order to raise enough coins to let his younger brother Wharton and steward ‘Shiri’ go to O'Brien to study, the Baruch family’s money is almost hollowed out.But even so, Hogg is happyHow is the family hollow? Today, his eldest son, ‘Lei Lei’, is a student at Ernst College. After coming out, he is definitely a great magician who is honored by status. His youngest son, ‘Wharton’, is even more likely to become a Dragon Blood Warrior.Hogg can predict the glory of his own Baruch family in the future! "Plucks Hall?" Yale three listened, some surprised to see lei<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> LEI is proud of their 1987 dormitory and entered the fifth year of the Ernst Academy at the age of fifteen. And Dixie was jointly referred to as the 'two Ernest geniuses of the Ernst Academy'. The Yale trio also acknowledged that LEI was a genius, but ... the stone carving, it was an extremely profound art.Many people who have studied hard carvings for decades are only ordinary artisans.As an art with the longest tradition, is it easy to succeed? Lei even tried to get his work to the top of the stone carving ‘Plucks Hall’ to exhibit"Third, you don't have a fever in your headGeorge jokingly consoled"LEI, I'm worried...your work, will someone buy it?" Renault frowned and did not believe in lei's tone.Yaluhaha smiled and said, "What are you talking about? The youngest, you just go to the exhibition. As long as it's your work, I'll give you ten thousand gold and buy it for you.""What I said is trueLei removed a flat knife from her arms"Razor?" Renault said, "Looks like you are very prepared for lei, but I was also preparing to learn stone carving. There are many tools for stone carving, including flat knife, round knife, triangular knife and jade bowl knife. And what about the axe? How are you going to use this tool?” Whether Renault, Yale, or George, it’s all about art.Lei did not say muchHandheld flat knife, lei naturally into the state of mind, natural, the whole person feels the flow of the elements inside the huge stone, lei can barely sense the veins inside the boulders, lei immediately smile with a knifeAs the shadow of the knife shines, the reflected sunlight makes Renault's next three people involuntarily narrow their eyes, but the three of them still stare at this huge stone.“Hurrah!” The knife shadows are quickly and continuously cut in the same place, and a large piece of rubble waste is thrown up."How could it be?" Yale looked at this scene in a shocked way. "If you have such a large gravel, you should use an axe to get rid of it. If you only cut it with a flat knife, how many amazing wrists would you have?" next to Renault and George. It is completely silentWrist force? To be as elegant as lei, the cut surface is naturally smooth, not just a strong wrist can be doneLei people like a quiet lake in general, the flat knife in his hand is like an extension of the right hand, flat knife quickly cut in the rock everywhere, stone waste is also thrown up, lei carved this elegant and natural, Just watching is a pleasure"The youngest, he..." Yale, George, and Renault looked at each other. They felt a feeling in their hearts at the moment. I'm afraid that lei is really a master of stone carving.Tranquil, natural, peacefulLei very enjoy the feeling of sculpture, to the point where lei is now, any place in the stone, how much to useDo not need to think at all, the flat knife in the hand will naturally reach perfectionIt is a kind of subconsciouslyCompared to the 'flat knife' genreNo other stone carving school can enjoy this kind of enjoyment. It takes a lot of thought to use different tools in different places when other stone sculpture masters are sculpting.In this kind of integration into the natural peace, lei's spiritual power is as if the grass is bathed in spring rain, like rapid growth, the kind of natural growth feeling, but also makes lei feel wonderful to the peak, it is from the heart of the comfortableLei's right hand suddenly stoppedStone debris was thrown away and it took a while to fully land, and that huge rock already had a rough embryo model of a reptile."What are you three silly standing on and looking out to stay?" lei turned to smile at the Yale trio. "Now it's time to make the simplest rough embryo. It takes a long time behind, let's go, let's go." Go to lunch first"A Yale, Renault, George three people at a glanceThe single-handedly exposed lei just now, the three will be sure - "master"Yale's Admiration"geniusRenault exclaimed"The genius of the master"George addedEven if you study the stone sculpture, you can achieve the level of lei within five to six years, I am afraid it is difficult to see a century