As time passes, the clock in the living room rings 11 times. It is already 11 o'clock noon."Is Hogg there?" a clear voice sounded, and the Baruch family did not have a gatekeeper. Obviously this guest had already entered the front yard of the mansion.Hoge frowned and put down the thick book in his hands: "LEI, come here today.Then Hoge squeezed out a smile and walked outside the living room."Oh, Hogg, my dear friend, I heard the cicadas that morning, and I knew that there would be a happy event. Really I received your letter at noon. I saw your letter. delighted"My dear tycoon, I am very happy to see you."Hillman, you will soon lift the stone lion I preparedPhilip, come, let’s go to the living room first, and stone carving will come soon.Listening to the dialogue, Lin Lei's heart"Do you want to change things in the seller again?" lei knew that the stone lion was a stone statue that his father liked very much. But the baruch family who did not pay taxes on wu zhen town was very difficult economically nowadays.Fortunately, the Baruch family is very old. Because of its ancient history, there are many objects with a long history.Unfortunately, no matter how many items are sold, they cannot afford to sell for so many years.Now that the family’s valuable items are very few, lei can't help but look at the clock in the living room: “I don’t know when this clock will be sold off.I saw a middle-aged man with a long golden hair and an aristocratic temperament who entered the living room synchronously with Hogg. lei suddenly guessed that the middle-aged blond was supposed to be the one who Forced"Oh, this cute boy is Hogg's son.With a smile, she was very kind and looked at him and said, "Liny Baruch, right? Can I call you lei?" "I'm honored, sir."Lei left hand on his chest, respectfully to salute"It's really a lovely kid” It seems very happyOn the other side, Hogg laughed and said, "Oh, don't make trouble with the children. The stone sculpture "Lion Lion" you think about is coming.Then, seeing Hillman, he easily put a stone lion into his living room with both hands, and gently placed the stone sculpture on the ground.Nearly a dozen of stone carvings are like toys in Hillman's hands."Mr. Hillman, I'm amazed by your strength. I don't have the Guard Captain who you are so powerful in my hospital, even if I have a territory of 12 towns."Weekly smiled," but the intention of Hillman's invitation implicit in the discourse was very clear.Hillman is indifferent: "Ushan Town is my hometown, Mr.""Sorry”We are sorryPhilip looked back at Hogg: "Hogg, you like this stone carving, although I like it very much, but I have to say that this carving technique of the "lion" is not top notch, let alone compared to those stone masters. The"You know, if you don't want to buy it, then forget it."Hogge is simplyWith his eyes open, he immediately laughed: "Haha Hogg, don't be angry. I don't mean not to buy, just to tell a fact.In this way, how would this stone carving offer me 500 gold coins? "500 gold coins?" Hogg browsThis price is a lot lower than Hoog's thought, and Hogg's heart price is 800 gold coins.In Magnolia mainland, 1 gold = 10 silver = 1000 copper coinsAverage civilian work can get twenty to thirty gold coins a yearIs the soldier of the army. The one-year-old soldier of the army is 100 gold coins."The price is lowHogg shook his head"Hogg, you should also know that there are a lot of stone carvings that have a history of 10,000 years in the entire Magnolia continent. The true value of the stone carvings is in their artistic qualities. The artistic character of your stone carvings is awkward, but my heart is more like it.500 gold is indeed my highest price, if you do not agree, then it will be fine"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> smiled and turned to look at the clock in the living room. His eyes lit up. "Hogg, if You are willing to sell that clock. I would rather give out 1000 gold coins."Horge suddenly became cold"Oh, 2000 gold coins are OKThis is the highest pricePhilip said quicklyHogg shook his head and said firmly: "This clock will not be sold! As for this stone carving, it will take away 600 gold coins.Philip carefully observed Hogg for a moment and then laughed: "Okay, Hogg, I'll give you this face, 600 gold coins, butler, take 600 gold coins."The steward who had been outside the living room immediately took the gold coin and ran over and sent the gold coin.Yellow pouch, full six bags"600 gold coins, Hogg, you can count”Hogger reached out to the top of the sea, simply confirming from the weight and size of Hogg, it was indeed six bags of gold coins, each bag of 100, Hogg smiled and nodded: "We are brave, or else, stay with us for lunch? "No, I'm going back.” Luck laughedThe old stewards of the philosophers arranged two strong fighters, and some of them tried hard to lift the stone sculptures.Waiting for a group of people such as Philip to leave, Hogg looked at the six bags of gold coins in front of him, and there was also a slight loss in his eyes. This time it was to sell stone carvings. What about next time? Although there is a lot of things at home, when it is finally sold out"Father, I want to learn stone carving!" lei suddenly saidLei is very clear, in the entire magnolia continent, those famous stone masters, those works are at least tens of thousands of gold coins, some famous works, even reached hundreds of thousands of gold coinsNot only in money but also in status, those stone masters are extremely high"If I became a master of stone carving, then the father wouldn't have to change things in the seller.Lei thought so"Stone Carving?" Hogg looked at Lin, a cold road"LEI Lei, do you know that the entire sacred alliance has a population of several hundred million people, of which there have been stone sculptures, at least millions?But in a sacred alliance, the true master of stone carving also counted.And on the stone carvings, there is no good teacher who can rely on himself and it is impossible to succeed."The *** of the stone carving is not something ordinary people can go in."You only see those works of stone masters worth tens of thousands of gold coins and even higher, but you know that most of the stone carving craftsmen have a salary of tens of gold coins for a year.Hogge is very harshLEI was also shocked. He just thought that the stone carving could improve the family's condition. I did not expect his father to say so much and his tone was so severe."Well, the ancestral hall should also be cleaned up. After lunch today, you will go to cleanHogg said coldly"Yes, fatherLei respectfullyHogg looked at the lei, but sighed in his heart: "Stone carving? Children, do you know, I also learned stone carvings, I learned a full decade, but unfortunately, my work is worthlessHogg also once attempted to become a master in the stone sculpture industry. At least, the family economy will greatly improve.But his heart was also very helpless. After ten years of study, his work was worthless. The stone master's *** was like a pyramid.Famous stone masters are at the top of the pyramid, they have a status, and a work worth tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of gold coinsWhile countless stone craftsmen are at the bottom of the pyramid, their works are low-lying and chilling. They can be bought by ordinary people for a few silver coins.