Wardley HotelAccording to Yale's words: “Today it was only known that the third old man was a master of stone carving, so I’d like to congratulate myself, go, and go to Hua Dali Hotel."That's all, four people stepped into the Huadeli Hotel and entered the Huadeli Hotel in one go. Many students on the first floor of the hotel turned around.Most of the trainees’ eyes are concentrated on the lei.Dixie, lei! Ernst College's brightest two geniuses, wherever it goes is the focusMany students in the distance cannot talk about it in a low voiceThe four brothers sat down, and the dishes were just put on - "Hey ~~~~" The beibei, who had slept lately, emerged from the outside of the lei's robe, and his eyes were dripping with eyes. With a shiny roast chicken on the table, Renault immediately grabbed the roast chicken and handed it to the little mouse: "Bebe, come"" LEI boss, I went to eat"Bebe immediately issued a soul message with leiLei had not had time to answer, babe immediately went straight to the table, and then grabbed the roast chicken and ate it. In less than ten seconds, the whole roast chicken was even smaller than the roast chicken itself. The shadow rat gave it clean“The youngest, every time I see Babe eating at this speed, I have to twitch"Yale smiled and saidBebe will turn to look to the lei after eating, lei saw beibei full of greasy claws, brows wrinkled"Hey ~ ~ ~" Beibei deliberately screamed to lei, and then picked up a small eye and a look of contentment, while the body emitting a black light, dark breath can not help spread out, er, that black light disappears DisappearedAnd Babe's double was greasy and his mouth was clean.Babe took a small face and looked at the lei, yelling, while the soul passed the message: "LEI boss, this is clean, right?" lei could not help but laugh"brush” Bebe body shape a move, they broke into the lei clothes insideThen the four brothers chatted freely, eaten and drunk."Yes, the youngest, if your stonework wants to be sent to the Prussian Guild, there are a few things to watch out for.Yale reminded lei"Oh, what do you need to pay attention to?” lei askedFor the rules of the Plucks Hall collection of works, lei is completely unfathomableYale said with a smile: “The lower left corner of a typical stone carving is a name or code that must be engraved. This represents your work.This is the first and second point. When the stonework is sent to the Prouks Hall warehouse, it must be sealed to prevent the stone sculpture from being damaged during the transportation.Sealed stone carvings are sent to the Prouks Hall warehouse. Someone in the warehouse will check if the work is in good condition and will write down your identity information in detail. Within three days, your work will appear in the general public. Roux Hall General Exhibition HallLei noddedEngraving the code name and name on the stone carving is to prevent others from impersonatingSealed and protected, LEI can also understand: “Some stone carvings are very carefully carved, and collisions during handling may result in damage to stone carvings.Sealed up, and some paper and rags inside are protected, so it is much safer."How does the Plucks Hall get it?" Lei chase roadThe stone carving was sent to the Plucks Hall. The lei is to make money and improve the family's economic conditions.Yale proudly stated: “The stone carving works are placed in the exhibition hall and will be priced by the purchaser. After one month, the person with the highest bid price will get a stone carving work, and you will get a reward. Of course, the transaction will be successful. The Prouks Club will collect a percentage of the money. One of the fees, the maximum fee is ten gold coins, if your work price is more than one thousand gold coins, even if it is higher, the handling fee is still ten gold coins."<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>"The third child, although you can rest assured, I will arrange for people to get things done well in the city of Finlay.“Yale squatted shoulders and giggled at LEI.” “The stone sculptures of our third quarter were sent to the Prouks Hall. If I sell well, I have special faces.”"George looked at the side of the lei, involuntarily praised:" The youngest, you are now a fifth-grade student, and in the future is a stone master, the future is infinite, much better than ours""Stone Master? Don't hold me upLei laughedThe four brothers talk and talk while they eat and drink"The days in Ernst College are really comfortable."Yaru put down his glass and suddenly sighed," I remember when I was a child at home, the training at home was much harder than this.Renault also said, "We are all students from the Ernst Academy. Listen to my Grandpa Lum said to me. The world is now very chaotic, killing and fighting outside, and behind the Ernst Academy there is no one who dares to shine. Provoke us to be quiet. When we go out for trial, we know that the world is cruel.""that's rightLei sighed and said, "I'm now in grade five. Many of my classmates in the class now go out training. According to them, there are many students who lost their lives, were disabled and seriously injured in the outside battle. After experiencing real life and death fighting, we are hard to grow."" We are like a pet raised by nobles, comfortable, but how can we catch the brutality of wild beasts? “George also sighed.” Really yearning for the bloody battles between the senior students, the kind of enthusiasm is sure to be very exciting."Yale, George, Renault, and lei are also fifteen or sixteen, and they all have longing for exciting days outside."Only a few people such as Yale are too weak to go out to fight in life and death. The mortality rate will be high."LEI, you are already fifth grade.Renault said suddenlyYale and George both look at lei and their eyes are brightLei took a deep breath, nodded and said: "yes, I am a five magician, be a senior magicianWhen I waited for June, I was ready to go to the Mountain of Warcraft for two months and wait until August to returnLei had long planned in mind"The Mountain of Warcraft?" Yale, George, Renault three are sucking coolThe Mountain of Warcraft, the first mountain in the Magnolia continent, is a place where there are less than a hundred miles east of Ernst College. It is indeed the place where many senior students compete for the second and third trials.Most students will choose some common things for the first trialFor example, to protect delivery items and other relatively low risk"LEI Lei, you went to the Warcraft Mountains on your first trial?" Renault could not help but ask, and Yale and George both had some concerns."Rest assured, my heart is sure"lei heart is still more confident, five magician plus the strength of four warriors, four warriors speed is very fast, once with the wind magic 'speed' assistance, with lei's strength to display the 'speed' can Let lei speed, reach the level of six soldiersThe most important thing is that lei can perform advanced magic of the wind ‘floatation’