The passing of time, the blink of an eye is already at the end of May.For more than two months, lei spends most of her meditation every day, and part of her time is spent on sculpting and reading books.The Ernst Academy's library has a huge amount of books, and the lei's knowledge is constantly expanding during reading.May 29 morningLei, yale, renault and george were standing in the square in front of the prouks hall. There were three wooden boxes on the carriage next to them. In the past two months or so, lei has actually completed nine stone carvings. Works, but this is the first time sent to the Proxus Hall, lei just tried to send three works to see the effect"You carry these three wooden boxesYale commandedSome Yale family servants immediately lifted three wooden boxes"The youngest, come with me"Yale is obviously very familiar with the path, and walks directly to the side of the Prouks Hall. The Prouks Hall occupies an extremely large area. There is also an inconspicuous gate about a few hundred meters along the main entrance. A middle-aged man dressed in a gentlemanThe middle-aged man saw several people from Yale come and immediately walked away with his eyes and smiled and said: “Yaru Master, welcome to you.Yale smiled and nodded. "You should know the purpose of my visit. This is my good brother, Lin Lei. The three stone carvings are his. The people from your Prouks Hall warehouse will have these three woods." Let's move in."" WaitMiddle-aged man smiled and noddedSoon there were a few porters inside the tunnel. The middle-aged man smiled at LEI and said, "Master Lin, according to the rules of our Prouks Hall, you must leave your identity message. You only need to use Ernst. The college student’s student card can record it for me.Ernst College's student ID is enough to prove his identityLin Lei took out his student ID card from his armsThe middle-aged man took the student ID and opened his eyes. Not letting his eyes light up, surprised and looked at him like lei: "fifth grade?" lei at an early age can see it, but so young to reach the level of five magician , it is indeed shockingYale said proudly: "My brother, but one of the two great geniuses at Ernst College, he was only 14 years old last year. At the end of the school year, he reached the level of five magicians.Ernst College, the two masterpieces of genius? middle-aged people immediately understand the heart, the immediate future of this lei is unstoppable, the attitude is immediately humble, manyRecord lei's identity and mark it in three wooden cases."Master Lin, everything is OK, as long as the youngest lei to come back after a month to receive some compensationMiddle-aged man said with a smile“A month later? I don’t have time after one month. Is it okay to postpone it for two or three months?” lei asked.In another one or two weeks, lei is ready to set off on the magical mountains. This time it was almost two months into the mountains of Warcraft."No hurry, if you sell your work, you can get paid whenever you come.Middle-aged people noddedYale frowned and said: "What? What's going on, I remember that in the past you took the stonework to check the interior. How could you not check it this time?" said the middle-aged man. "Checking the inside of the wooden box is worrying that some people will send it." The broken stone came over and if we didn't check it out, they would probably end up saying that the stone carving was broken in our hall, but we blackmailed our hall.But these three stone carvings were sent to you by Master Yale and Master Lin Lei. I believe that you, Sir Yale, will not do that kind of thing."<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The heart of the middle-aged person is very clearWhat is Yale? Would you deceive Plucks Hall? The blackmail money is probably not enough for Yale to consume at will.As for the creator of stone carvings, “Lin Lei,” it is also known as one of Ernst College’s two masterpieces of genius. This kind of character will lower his identity and do blackmail. ... Late that night, the third floor of the 'Clear Water Paradise' deep in the east of the city of Fen Lai, which is a few people in a separate roomThe night of Finlay City is very noisyThe night of 'Clear Water Paradise' reached the top of the busiest and noisy day. The women's coquettish laughter continued, and the men’s forthright laughter rang out one after another. Among the private rooms, four brothers were chatting and drinking, and there were four next to them. The handsome girl stays with"The second child, the third child, I went to bed with the old one. You two..." Yale said, squeezing her mouth full of alcohol."Well, Yale boss, don't you say it, OK?" lei interrupted Yale's wordsYale and Renault looked at each other and looked at lei and George with a scornful look. Then yalu and renault both took a beautiful woman and left the independent room.Since two years ago, lei they often come hereGeneral Yale and Renault are happy. lei and renault drink and chat with girls.“Master Lin, we’ve known for two years, but you...” said the green-haired girl sitting next to Lin Lei’s dissatisfaction.Lei could not help but very headache"Ira, if you're tired, go back and rest, and you won't have less copper coins.Lei can only coldly say, this is to make this girl named Ira did not dare to say more, came to clear water paradise, but only drink alcohol, this is indeed a rare thingA streamer emerges from the Ring of Dragons and turns into Drincowwater.Deling Kewater smiled and looked at the lei, jokingly said: "Hey, lei, a woman in front of you, you still this stink? Well, unfortunately I am holy sacred mage, now only the existence of the soul form, Can't touch a womanThis stinkboy, is this still the case? "" Grandpa Delin"Lei Lei frowned, dissatisfied with the voice of Delin Kewot saidDrincowate grinned: "You haven't tasted the taste of a woman until you taste it. It's estimated that it will look like another.Lei looked around and looked out of the window, no longer care about this old man delin kowtort, the cold air outside the window blew on his face, but also made lei heart down"Warcraft Mountain Range, what is Warcraft Mountain in the end look like?" There are a week or two lei is about to set off, in Ernst College, lei listened to a lot of legends about the Warcraft Mountains, in the mouth of Derlin Kewo Te Also heard a lotHowever, lei has never been toAll scenes about the Mountain of Warcraft, lei can only imagine it"A week later, ready to goLei through the window, watching the endless night sky, made a decision in mind