The Plucks Hall, which rang through the entire hall, sounded like a stream flowing through the hearts of people. Visitors in the hall were quietly watching every stonework.The hall is divided into three major exhibition halls, general exhibition halls, expert exhibition halls, and master exhibition halls.Among them, the most common exhibition area is the largest, with the largest number of stone sculptures exhibited. In the northeast corner of the general exhibition hall, there are three series of works. These three pieces of work have a very special temperament. As long as the stone carvings are studied in a bit, they will feel that A special kind of temperamentHowever, there are more than 10,000 stone works in the ordinary exhibition halls. These three works are like a needle in the sea and are difficult to be noticed."These works are mostly empty, but they have no substance"The Juno Earl, who is now more than one hundred and sixty years old, is slowly walking in the Pruxx hall hall. His eyes scan a piece of stone carving.The Earl of Junot has no other hobbies, that is, like the stone carvingHe spends one morning a day at the Prouks HallHowever, in the ordinary exhibition hall, there are too few works that can make the count of Juno's eyes shine.“What do you think about the stone carving?” next to a beautiful waitress, because the Count of Juno came every day, and some of the staff in the Prussium’s staff were also very familiar with the Count of Junot.The count of Juno shook his head and laughed: "Not yet discovered"" Earl's adults, the work in this ordinary exhibition hall is far less than the master's exhibition hall, master's exhibition hall works, how do you spend most of the time in this ordinary exhibition hall? The waitress asked curiouslyA mysterious smile from Earl Juno’s pretzel said: “You don’t understand this. There are a lot of works in this general exhibition hall. Maybe there are good works everywhere. This kind of feeling of finding gold from the sand is very Wonderful""Oh? The waitress looked at the Earl of Juneau with some doubtThe Count of Junot no longer said more, he continued to admire a piece of stonework. When he walked to the three works of lei, the count of Juneau could not help but brighten his eyes. He took a look at the century-old vision of stone carving. Out of the special features of these three pieces"Chilled, natural, aloof..." said Earnjou involuntarilyIt is a kind of temperament. A piece of stone carving can be called a masterpiece. What is needed is a special temperament.Earlier, Juno Earl felt the cold, aloof temperament that these three pieces rushed to. This special temperament suddenly impressed the Earl of Juneau."You come and give me a price. These three works, I bid 100 coins per piece.The Earl of Juneau said directly to the waitress next to him.The waitress immediately took the notebook from her bosom with a smile, first recorded the number of the three stone works and wrote the price, and then took out three stickers and placed them next to the three stone works. Both wrote '100 gold coins'As the waitress records, Earl Junot more carefully appreciates the three stone works"Oh, no!" said Juno's dim eyes, and he gazed at one of the 'raptors'' stone sculptures. "What's so coherent about this Raptor's scales? According to reason, scales should be carved with a round knife, and the outline of the legs should be a flat knife, even if you are careful, it is impossible to be 100% smooth and natural!” Juno studied on the stone carving for centuries<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Originally he was not a rich nobleman, but with a unique vision, he collected stone works at low prices. Selling at a high price also makes the Earl of Juneau become the richest man in the city of Finlay."Is it done with a single tool? Impossible, the scale of the scales and the degree of depression, in addition to a round knife, how can other tools be so perfect?" Juno brow wrinkled, he never I have not seen this strange sceneThe waitress next to the “Country Lord?” shouted at the count of Juneau.In the eyes of the Earl of Juneau, he said, “I did not expect that this special exhibition would also be able to meet such a special work. It was impossible for people to notice him. I priced 100 gold coins and would allow some people to observe this work carefully. Caused the price of this work to increase greatly” Earl Juno made a decision at onceIn the last day or two of this exhibition, no later than the price"You helped me withdraw my bid"The Earl of Juneau told the waitress next to me directly"Retired?" The waitress gave a glimpse of the usual bid, which was not allowed to be revoked. However, the Earl of Junot was the patron of the Prouks Hall. The waitress still simply removed the three stickers."Dare to ask the countess, how did you withdraw it?" the waitress askedThe count of Juno laughed mysteriously and said: “You don’t ask this question. Yeah, I asked, what day was the date of the exhibition of the three stone sculptures?” The waitress carefully looked through the notebook and then laughed. Said: “The last day of the exhibition of these three stone works is June 30thThe three works were also moved to this exhibition yesterday afternoon.The Earl of Juno nodded slightly"Well, I'll look around, you're busySaid the Count of Junot with a smileIn the heart of the Earl of Juneau, he was secretly pleasantly surprised. In his opinion, the true price of each of the three stone works should be around 3,000 gold coins.Because the master's work is about a thousand gold coinsAnd these three stone carving works, each piece of carving techniques are very specialThis special engraving method alone can double the price of the work.... The Count Juno had come to the Prouks Hall every day, but as expected, because there were too many stone sculptures in the entire general exhibition hall, these three good works were not really noticed by anyone, even though someone saw it. Those people can only feel that these three works are good, but they cannot see where their values ​​areJune 10thCount Junot once again came to the Prouks Hall and watched it casually in the hall's ordinary exhibition hall. When he walked to the position of the three stone works of the lei, the face suddenly changed because of the three stone carvings. There is a price sticker next to the workThree stone works, each price is '300 gold coins'Seeing this price, the Earl of Jonaux whispered in his heart: “Idiot, even if you see that the stone carving is excellent, the price should not be too high for the first time. Isn’t this simply to attract attention?” Earl Juneau was angry, but he also No way, he may not qualify to revoke quotedSure enough, the earl of Juno expectedOn the 12th of June, when the Earl of Juneau came here again, the price of the sticker has changed.“500 gold coins?” Earl Junot lifted his eyes. “It seems that many people know the goods!”