The Count Junot still has no offer. He is prepared to wait until June 30 to bid again. As time goes by, the prices of these three stone works are also slowly rising. Because the works of stone masters are also about 1,000 gold coins, so these three The slower the price of stonework is raised later500 gold coins, 510 gold coins, 515 gold coins... The price of quotations rises slowly. Even on June 29, the quotation only reaches 625 gold coins.June 30On this day, the earliest rare count of Junots did not come in the morning. He waited until evening, because the Prouks Hall waited till twelve o'clock in the evening to close.Lei's three stone works will wait until after twelve o'clock"Yesterday's quote was 625 gold coins, and I wait until the final bid"The Earl of Juneau smiled and walked beside the three stone works"900 Gold Coin? That idiot quote!" Earl Junno slammed at the price when he saw the priceYesterday's offer was only 625 gold coins. Now it is at this price. There is no way to anger the Earl of Juneau. He decided to wait slowly here. After a long time he looked up and looked at the wall clock on the wall."It's already eleven o'clock. There's still an hour to close."The smile on Count Junot's faceThe count of Juno can only be regarded as a medium aristocrat in the city of Finlay. When he was young, the Count of Juno was very embarrassed. Afterwards, the wealth of the stone carving gradually increased. Today, the assets are hundreds of thousands of gold coins. It is a good rich man. The“You are here, Earl Juno?” said a middle-aged man dressed in a tuxedo who had just smiled and came over with a smile.The count of Joonau saw his face change involuntarily, but still laughed: “Oh, it was the Count of Count, animal husbandry and how, there were more than eleven. How did you come to this?” in the heart of Earl Jones, he felt a little BadThe Count of Junot, the Count of Demu, are two relatively famous collectors among the stone carvings in the city of Finlay."I? Of course it is for these three stone works.“The Count of Demu, the earl of the animal husbandry and husband of Hu Yiqi, said, “You see, the unique charm of these three works is so attractive.The master who can create such a stone carving is definitely a maverick personage.”Juno’s heart shakesSure enough, this Count of Count and Demstress also valued these three stone works, and it is feared that the Count of Deutch and Hermitage would not come until eleven. It was estimated that they were the same ideas they had played."Miss, please come over“The Count of Deutch and Mulder said politely to a waitress not far away. The waitress smiled and came over.The Count of De Mu, referring to the three stone sculptures carved by Lin Lei: “These three works, each one I bid for a thousand gold coins"The waitress politely nods:" Please wait"The waitress took out the record book, recorded the number and the amount of the bid, and then posted a price sticker beside the stone carving.“Thousands of gold coins?” Earl Juno’s eye muscles twitched slightlyThe Count of Counts and Counts smiled and looked at the count of Junot: "The earliest Count of Junot, these three stone carvings are indeed very good, yes, Count Earnjow, this is a big night, old count, you are not resting, how come here? And for these three stoneworks?” Earl of Juno drank a little"I didn't expect the Count of Counts and Dears to love these three stone works so much. I haven't paid much attention to it yet.Allow me to observe carefully“The count of Juno said with a smile, and then he stared at these three stone works and observed them carefully, ignoring the neighboring Count of Duke of Timothy.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The Count of Count and Timothy saw this scene. He only smiled in his heart. "Old man, I guess I guess No?” The natural sound of music, such as the springs, lingered slowly throughout the Prouks Hall. Counts Demu and Juno both quietly watched other works. The entire hall was so quiet."When, when..." the wall clock rangTwelve o'clock to"Miss, come here"The Earl of Juneau shouted to the waitress in the distance, and the waitress ran over immediately."The three pieces of work, I bid 1010 gold coins each"The Earl of Juneau bid at this last minuteThe waitress took a look at these three stone works originally priced at 1000 gold coins, not counting the Earl of Juno, but fortunately, the count of Juno added ten gold coins, not only add a gold coin"Please wait"The waitress removes the record book“County Juno, do you only add ten gold coins? I bid 1,100 coins!” said the voice of Count Timothy, and the Earl of Junot raised his brow furrowed and looked up to see the count of Timothy Mummel coming from a distance. There is also a glimmer in the eyeObviously, the Count of Deutch and Grave has also been paying attention to the Earl of Junot. When Count Juno offered him, he immediately came."I am out of 1200 gold coins"The Earl of Juneau said in a low voice, anger was felt by outsidersThe waitress on the side also felt the competition between the two nobles in front of her. The waitress temporarily closed the notebook, and she looked happily beside her.In the Prouks Hall, what the waiters like to see most is that they are competing for quotes.The Count of Deutch and Muggle surprised and glanced at the Juno Earl: "The Earl of Juneau, the work in the master's showroom is also the appearance of 1,000 gold coins. Does anyone who saves money so much offer 1,200 coins?" The trick is that the Earl of Juno was famous."You have to pay 1200 gold coins for the Earl of Juno. I can't be stingy, 1300 gold coins!" said Count Deutch, smiling.The count of the Earl of Juneau was cold and he said: "The three stone works I love to bid high, the real value is more than a thousand points, 1500 gold coins! If you, Dr. Demu, bid higher, you will be"Juno Earl reported the final figureTo tell the truth, the Count of Counts and Deeds was not as good as Juno Earl. He did not discover the bizarre details of the carvings of the three stone carvings.In the opinion of the earl of Counts and Counts, these three pieces of stone carvings contain that special charm, which is considered a good work, worth more than a thousand gold coins.If you bid again, it doesn't make much sense“Haha"The Count of Counts and Counts laughed." Since Count Juneau is so bold, I cannot be loved by anyone. These three pieces of stone work will be your earliest count of Junot."The waitress next to this time recorded the number and bid in the record book.“The two counts have already reached twelve, and our hall is closed.Count Junot, tomorrow we will send these three stone carvings to your house.The waitress smiled and said that the count of Junot only smiled.Count Junot took a look at the Count of Deutch and Animal Husband, and looked down in his heart: "Younger? How many years have I studied stone carving? Haven't enough visions, and fighting with me?"