"Oh, three of the stone sculptures in the ordinary exhibition halls sold 1,500 gold coins?” Astroni, a manager of the Pruxx Hall, looked at the records in astonishment and read the message of the creator, LEI. Even more amazed, "These three works are all called lei. He is only 15 years old?" The stone carving world is absolutely pyramidal.Standing at the top, the whole sacred alliance is also the master of five or six stone carvings, and the master of stone carving is also about one hundred.From this it can be imagined that the rare masters of stone carving can generally be called as masters of stone carvings. They are all aware of life, and their skills are enough to incorporate that sentiment into the works. The carved works will have special charms.15-year-old stone master? Rare to the extreme! "This is called lei, or Ernst Academy?" Even more surprised by the Austrian Academy, Ernst College that is the first magic school in the entire Magnolia mainland, "even fifth-year students? Fifth-year-old fifth-year students? "Ostoni sucked coolgenius! “These three stone works, even if they are only worth more than a thousand gold coins, but the identity of the creators alone is enough to increase the value of these three works by several times."Ostoni was sure onceA stone carving of such a standard level was created at the age of fifteen. This kind of stone carving works are generally of high value.If this fifteen-year-old genius is still a fifth-year figure at Ernst College, it is definitely a genius in genius.Similarly, his stone works will also rise“In the afternoon, I set off to Ernst College. We haven’t added a stone master in the Prouks Hall for a while."Ostoni immediately made a decision, lei has sold three consecutive works of such high prices, has demonstrated its strengthEnough to make the Prouks Hall a special exhibition space for it in the ‘master’s showroom’.In the afternoonA carriage was welcomed at the entrance of Ernst College. It was Justinovny who came with two guards. He came to the door of Ernst College, and Tostounto just took it out of his arms and represented the Prouks Hall. ID, Ernst even sent an escort to lead the wayErnst College Grade 5 Teaching Office"Mr. Ostouni, this is the place where some of the magic teachers of the fifth grade are gathered.The guards smiled and pushed away the door of the teaching office. At this moment, there were more than a dozen magicians in the teaching center talking and laughing with each other. They were able to teach the fifth graders, and at the very least they were also seven magicians and even eight magicians.As the door opens, these status-respected wizards turn their heads."All the masters of magic, this Mr. Austoni comes from Prouks Hall. He has something to do with the help of the wizards."The security guard said respectfullyThe magicians nodded indifferentlyProuks Hall has branches in several super cities in the Magnolia mainland, and Prouks Hall also has amazing force.So even for the Prussian Pavilion, even these arrogant magicians have a good attitude."All the magicians adults"Austony said with a smile." I'm here to find a fifth-grader named lei. "" lei? “The magicians all laughed, and one of the middle-aged purple robes laughed:” lei, that’s the two great geniuses we have at Ernst College. He’s a double-edged writer. Follow the questions. Department of two magic teachers, they will know"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Don't say it. This is called lei. It's been almost three months. I'm in my He only met him twice on the course"An old man with a red beard was dissatisfied and said, "But lee he has gone to the wind class for almost every lesson."Another silver-haired white robe and the old man smiled and said:" I am a lei teacher of the wind magic, I'm still familiar with lei, you have any questions then ask me"Austony nodded:" lei he sent a stonework three months ago in our Prouks Hall, his stone work has been everyone's temperament, according to the price of this month, we hall to determine lei own in Our Hall of Experts Exhibition Hall opened up the qualification for an independent exhibition room, so I came here and sent a Silver Magic Crystal Card to him.""Independent exhibition space? "The magicians were shocked.As a noble magician, he is familiar with the art of stone carving. They know that it is very difficult to sculpt a very realistic stone sculpture, let alone make this stone sculpture have a unique charm.To open up an independent exhibition space in the Prouks Hall, it is a dream for many stone masters."You're definitely lei? This lei is always very hard working, and he is only 15 years old."Lee's wind magic teacher, silver hair white robe old man can hardly believeOsterni smiled and said: "There is no doubt about this. When we recorded the Prouks Hall, we recorded it with LEY's student ID card. According to the record, it was the young Yale who accompanied LEI to our hall."The magicians nodThen the magicians talked fiercely one by one, and one of Ernst’s two super talents turned out to be a master of stone carving, enabling the Prouks Hall to open up an independent exhibition hall for it.These magicians are naturally shocked“Can you tell me, Master Magi, where is lei now?” Ostooni askedThe silver-haired white robe old man smiled and said: "Lin Lei is living in dormitory 1987.""Door 1987? "Ostoni listened, even when goingThe silver-haired white-robed old man continued: "Please wait a moment, even though lei is living in dormitory 1987, but he left our college two or three weeks ago and tried out. Therefore, unfortunately, you ran white."" Trials? "Ao Tonyi at a glanceOstroni is well aware that senior magician students who reach the fifth and sixth grades are qualified to go out for trials, and Ernst College strongly encourages this kind of behavior.Ostoni sighs in his heartI didn't think that the rush to the Ernst College was such a result. “Then the masters of magicians, I’ll go first."Ostoni respectfully salutesThe magicians nod their heads and said yes, they no longer care about Ostouni.This group of magicians talked excitedly to each other"I didn't think that the lei kid was so powerful..." These magicians were all silent for lei, and they were able to enjoy an independent exhibition in the top hall of the stone carving 'Plucks Hall'.