Time will return to the day of June 5This morning, after bidding goodbye with the three good brothers, Lin Lei's solid leather parcels set foot on the path to the Mountain of Warcraft."Hey ~ ~ ~" Xiao Ying rat happily jumping on the shoulders of lei"The boss, we finally set off to the Mountain of Warcraft. Wow, I'm so excited." Xiao Ying rat's voice sounded in the heart of lei, lei just smiled a little, and this time wearing a white robe delin kowtor also walked beside leiDeling Ke Watert asked: "Lee, you must be careful alone, maybe you have a robbery."" Know, Grandpa DelinLei smiledWith regard to all aspects of the outside world alone, Grandpa Delrin has said many times.The lei at the moment is dressed in solid linen trousers and a sleeveless vestThe graved muscles, seen from the outside, were full of soldiers.According to Dreincott Walt, wearing a magician robe is a hindrance to the Warcraft Mountains.Lei speed is very fast, even if the Ernst College to the Warcraft area is more difficult on this road, you can lin strength of four soldiers, an hour also easily forty miles, and this time lei suddenly saw three people in front of"咦?" lei eyes suddenly fell on one of themBecause the man actually wore the Ernest Academy robe, the other two of them, one was physically strong and shouldered a giant knife, while the other was lean and had a short knife on his waist.The lean young man turned his head to look at leiLei also too lazy to care about the three people, speeding up from the side to prepare to go over"LEI, are you?" suddenly soundedLei doubted and looked back, saw the young man dressed in the Ernst institute robe and shouted: "lei, I am tesart? still remember me?" "desert, is youLei stopped in the footstepsThis Deshat, lei still knowDeSandt, like himself, is a student of the fifth grade of the wind system. Although the two are not considered to be deeply related, they are also students of the same class after all.The Saudi came up with two other fighters. Desert said with a smile and said eagerly: "LEI, I didn't expect you to be dressed like a magician. I almost couldn't recognize you. I saw the little mouse on your shoulder. I took care of it again to make sure that it was you"Cava, Matt, let me introduce. This is one of the two great geniuses of the Ernest College. It is only 15 years old but it is already a Level 5 magician."Desarter warmly introducedKava, that strong brawny like a bear, Matt is the lean soldier“Two great super talents at Ernst College. I listened to De Sutter earlier. I didn’t expect to see you today."Matt is very polite to say, kava is bully eyes, surprised, said:" You are a magician? How do I see you like a warrior? "LEI did not say more, asked:" You are also to the World of Warcraft mountain range? Desha took the lead and said: "Yes, Kavah and Matt, they went out with me last year to try it out. The cooperation is very good."This year we are ready to explore the edge of the mountains of Warcraft, lei, you go with us, go together, safeLei nodded"For the time being with them, this Deshait can be trusted with me in the same college, and it will not be too late until the Mountain of Warcraft is separated from them.After making a decision, lei will march with the Desha tribe towards the Mountain of Warcraft.Four people are extremely fast along the wayEven the most physically ill-conditioned Dshaft can use the assisted magic ‘speed’ and his party’s rapid advance on the desert road.Kavana said: "If you join us, lei, if you join us, then we can have two five-level magicians. When we four people together, maybe we can slaughter six World of Warcraft, six World of Warcraft magic crystal nucleus. But worth a thousand gold coins, kill a few more, a hundred years of living expenses will not be lost"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The average person costs dozens of coins a year and is definitely enoughThousands of gold coins, it is a huge sum of moneyLei in the heart of a move, mind recalled in the Ernst College Library to see the book about Warcraft, the book also introduces the Warcraft energy core - magic crystal core"This magic crystal nucleus, three levels and more than three levels of the Warcraft head will be condensed out, but the magic crystal nucleus below the six, the price is not high, I am afraid it can not keep up with my stone carving worthLei thoughtSix magic crystal core is generally only about 1000 gold coinsIn accordance with the judgment of Deling Kewater, lion's stone carving is absolutely equal to the stone carving of the Prouks Hall master's exhibition hall. The price is naturally thousands of gold coins.And six levels of Warcraft kill, that difficulty, degree of danger, can be much more than create a stone carving"To the World of Warcraft, exercise yourself is true, magic crystal core? But it is only a harvestLei unconscious in the heart, while looking at the other threeThe Saudi Arabian trio actually talked about the enthusiasm. Obviously, they are very much looking forward to the magic crystal nucleus."Three-, four-, and five-star magic crystal nucleus of Warcraft, the price is not high, six also only a thousand gold"Dishat shook his head and he didn't care," If we slaughtered a 7th-level Warcraft, then it really made a"When it comes to this, DeSutter's eyes are also shiningLike humans, the sixth-level magician is a leap to the seventh-level magician. This six-level Warcraft to seven-level Warcraft is also a leap in strength.Seven-level magic crystal nucleus of Warcraft, worth tens of thousands of gold coinsAs long as the hunter reaches the end, he can really be a little rich man in the countryside and never lose his life."Seven Warcrafts? With the strength of our four people, I am afraid it will be dead.Lei said at randomSeventh in the Warcraft ‘rapid dragon’ lei is seen, to the amazing defense of the raptor, is that today's lei is probably very difficult to break through, even the defense can not do, but also want to kill seven World of Warcraft? How can it be done? The three savvy horses that seemed to be the most astute and said: "We have four players who have run into six levels of warcraft. It's hard to say whether they're overpowered or not.""I also talk about it."Cava touched his head and saidWhen the four people were laughing all the way, in the woods over a hundred meters away from the side of the four people, a man with a green face and a green sap on his face held a long powerful composite bow. Staring at lei and his partyThe man's lips are constantly moving and it seems that he is chanting magic spellsAt the same time, the longbow has been pulled to the full moon shape. The arrow suddenly shoots at a high speed. The cone at the top of the arrow has a faint glow of blue light. The speed of the entire arrow has reached an extremely horrible point, tearing the air. Cut through the sky, blinking and kung-fu cut through a hundred metersLin Lei, who was talking to several people in Deshat, only felt that his body hair was suddenly raised and his heart was suddenly suspended."DANGER!" lei dodged quickly to the side, "hey!" The speed of the arrow as lightning directly from the rear through the Ernest Academy robes Derset, the arrow from the rear through the German Saudi Arabia's neck penetrated a hole and the arrow flew forward and tens of meters before it fell.Desart licked his throat, his eyes widened, his mouth murmured, and his blood continued to emerge from the throat of his neck."Ah, ah ~ ~ ~" Desart's eyes are some of the desire for life, and some are endless fear, but with the blood emerging from the throat hole, only a short while Deshat's eyes completely dim, the entire people are powerless Fall downLei, kava, and matt were all fast slamming into the dense grass and looking alertly to the rear