“The wind magic archer, based on the swiftness and precision of this sword, the wind, the magic archer, has at least reached the level of the fifth magician."Drincowwater's voice rang in the hearts of lei." With this person's bow and arrow power, within 50 meters, you must suffer serious injuries even if you dodge.Lei heart startled"I will surrender your life by handing over all my belongings."I only heard a cold sound, and then there are more than a dozen green clothing figures pulled out from the distant forest, these dozen people hold a bow and arrow, a knife hanging in the waist, these dozen people indifferently Looking at the three lei, and constantly approaching lei three closeThe person who spoke did not show upLei three as one, did not hand over their own property, but watched these ten people vigilantly"Shooting!" The indifference sounded, and the wind magic archers behind it were obviously very decisive. The lei three did not go to bed, they immediately shot and shot.“咻”, “咻”, “咻”, and “咻”... It was very abruptly that the dozens of people shot arrows at the same time. A dozen arrows shot at speed. LEI, Kava and Matt took refuge immediately. Kava is also using a giant sword in his hand to withstand the arrowsLei cast her wind to help the magic ‘speed’, the whole person evaded gracefully, lei can also pay attention to the other two at this time, mbt shoes, Matt at this time extremely careful constantly dodge, and sometimes also use the knife blockAnd Cava is reckless. He has a giant sword and the whole person is not sensitive enough.Relying on giant battle knives and a thin layer of grudge against the surfaceIt's true that the power of the bow arrows produced by the dozen archers is not muchFifth-grade warrior's kava is enough to withstand"Oh, die.Kava screamed and rushed toward the dozen archers with a giant sword.The wind-powered magic archer hidden in the trees in the distance caught sight of this scene. In his eyes, he could not help flashing a trace of killing. The strong bow in his hand was once again pulled into a full moon. The mouth also mourned the 'speedy' 'precise' two auxiliary magic. Arrow metal tip blue light glows upKava grumbled and rushed toward more than a dozen archers. He could just rush in half. Suddenly he felt that the blue light in front of him was bright. He hadn’t responded. An arrow was already in front of him. Kava scared and ran back. There was a cold sweat and an urgent hurry to block it with a giant swordHowever - "Oh!" The arrow penetrated Kavka's head and his brain splashed."Ah..." Cava was standing in the spot, his eyes were incredible. He obviously blocked this arrow with a giant sword. Why did the arrow shoot him again? With endless doubts, full of incredible confidence, Kavah's eye color completely dimmed, the entire people fell like a mountain crashing downLei in the distance a heart"The wind-assisted magic is 'accurate' and is 'precision'!" The lei that learns wind magic is very clear. This assisting magic 'preciseness' can make the wind magic archer, making the bow to make a small amount in the shooting process. change directionFor example, the arrow that was supposed to be blocked by kava knives will slightly change its direction and it will pierce the head of kava.“Wind magic, with a strong bow, really terribleLei heart secretly scared, but in a flash, lei i began to meditation magic spell"You two are still coming out.The cold voice from the distant forest came, and the dozens of archers squeaked arrogantly. The wind-lined archer needed not only powerful magic, but also enough power to use that strong bow.Wind Archer, very terrifying long-range attackerLei eyes in the killing Italy, as watching the dead as dozens of archers looked at the distance"Oh!" "Oh!" "Oh!" "Oh!" - It was suddenly, the earth shook. Ten dozen archers suddenly emerged one after another at the foot of the archer. A sharp flash of yellow-yellow gunpoint pierced the archer's thighs and abdomen, the bloody ground, the screamsThe ground is five levels of magic - the ground suddenly bursts! "Ah ~ ~" screams come one after anotherDozens of guns emerged from the ground at the same time. The sharp gun that was more than a meter long could pierce people in an instant. The intensive guns suddenly became like a sudden disaster. Archers fall into desperation"Heads, save, help"An archer who had lived from the crocodile and was living in the ground and screamed painfully.“Ah, ah~~~” An archer who was pierced in the thigh fell to the floor and shouted in pain.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The dozen archers, four people were killed and nearly ten were injured.These dozen archers almost lost combat effectiveness"The land is a magician!" The archer who has been hiding in the mountains bowed in shock. He had been robbed by the assassination means of roiling a lot out of the Mountain of Warcraft. He got out of the Mountain of Warcraft or entered the Mountain of Warcraft. A lot of wealthWhen he was robbed, he always killed the magician! After all, the magician can attack in a long-range and threateningHe did not expect that he had just killed a magician. There was even a magician."go"When lei tossed each other in chaos, he immediately displayed the assisted magic ‘speed’. The entire person rushed forward with the fastest speed and disappeared in the distance.Lei is very clear that he can not attack the hidden secrets of wind magic archerFar away from each other, magic is also a distance limit, and once they are close, facing the wind magic archer attack, I am afraid I can not resistSpeeding all the way, lei quickly rushed two or three miles road"Boss, why did you flee? What kind of magic archer is a threat to you, but as long as I'm out and kill him, it's very easy, why don't you let me go?The voice of Xiaoying's ‘babe’ resounded in Lin’s mind.The strength of Shadow Mouse's babe is certainly clearWhen he was only eight years old, Xiao Ying rat babe more than the speed of six soldiers, and now he is fifteen years old, seven years later, do not look at 'Babe' no change in body size, but single speed, estimated Comparable to a nine-level warriorAt the speed of Shadow Mouse, I'm afraid that the magic archer could not reach the target"This is my trial. It all depends on me.Lei repliedXiao Ying rat jumped on the shoulders of lei, a pair of claws constantly scratched lei, angrily grinning his teeth, yelling and yelling in his heart also narrated: linx, you are too much, I have to try, I Also to fight!" lei see Xiaoying Miao so can not help but laugh: "Well, wait until the World of Warcraft, encountered powerful Warcraft let you on, how?" "This is similar"The small shadowed rat stands upright, and the two forelimbs are embraced in front of his chest. The small nose is wrinkled and he blinks with satisfaction."At this time the original dark sky, suddenly "boom card" soon as, loud mines roar, lei looked up and saw the sky snake snakes, and sometimes thunder and lightning rang"It seems that after a while it will rain.Lei brow creaseLin Lei immediately accelerated the speed, the entire person quickly rushed toward the direction of the Warcraft Mountain Range. When Lin Lei was about ten miles away from the Mountain of Warcraft, raindrops began to drip, followed by a rainstorm pouring down and sweeping the entire world."Rumbled ~~~" The thunder continued to sound, and the heavy rain covered the world. The whole world was full of heavy rain. Every time I looked around, I felt a haze.However, there is not much rain on the fast moving lei, because at the top ten centimeters above the lei, there is a few meters of ‘wind shield’.The wind shield has a strong defensive ability to withstand raindrops. lei only needs a small amount of magical power to maintain it.The wind is invisible, and the wind shield also has a light layer of transparent cyanFrom a distance, I can't see this wind shield. LEI will continue to move forward with this wind shield hanging over his head. It will not be long before lei sees a boundless mountain range stretching from north to south. This will almost be a magnolia. The giant mountain range that divides the mainland into two is the entire Magnolia mainland's first mountain range - the Mountain of Warcraft.Looking at the endless endless mountains beyond the distance, lei breathed"Great mountain range"The mountain is too long. At a glance, the eastern part of the mountain range is endlessly undulating, while the entire north and south of the mountain range is still the mountain range."Watching this Endless World of Warcraft is like facing endless oceansBoundless! "This is the Mountain of Warcraft, the first mountain in the mainland, with countless World of Warcraft and even many of the Sanctuary's Mountains of Warcraft.“Drincowwater also appeared next to lei at this time. Delin Kewwater’s eyes were hazy.” “Ok, I’ve been here for a long time.”Lei eyes glow excited"Start!" lei high-spirited, in the heavy rain in the sky to rush to the mountains of Warcraft, and Xiaoying rat babe is also excited on the shoulders of lei screamingIn the boundless rain curtain, lei quickly integrated into the distant range of Warcraft Mountains