The mountain range of the Mountain of Warcraft is continuous, coupled with a variety of plants do not know how many years of growth, leading to trouble in the World of Warcraft mountain range, the most troublesome is often need to over the mountains, or even twists and turns around the road"Advance in the Mountains of Warcraft, do not get rid of the thorns on the way forward, preferring to detour more"Drincowwater explained many experiences to leiLei listens carefully while continuing to advance"Remember, the most taboo in the World of Warcraft is constantly making noises that will make you discover by many World of Warcraft.Even if something sounds, you have to leave quickly"Drincowate continued,"Remember, even if it hurts, the blood on his body is covered up as much as possible, and the bloody smell will attract World of Warcraft.World of Warcraft's nose is much more sensitive than oursLei looked up at the skyThe crowns of countless trees almost cover the entire sky. When you see this scene, lei can't help but think about some of the Ernst College Library’s common sense living in the deep mountains and old forests. In places where the sun is hard to see, Must learn to distinguish the northeast from the northwestLei walks like a monkey with dexterous dexterity over the chaos on the road, can just go two steps"Hey ~ ~" see not far from the scene, lei can not help sucking coolThe body of the three men and two women was ten meters in front of them. The bodies of the five people were still not rotted. However, the traces of the bodies of these five people were very obvious. The bodies of the five people were incomplete and there was a male thigh. Most of the time was eaten, the stomach was eaten by a big hole, and the broken small intestine also flowed to the ground.One woman's head was eaten half, one eye was still there, and the pale skull had some caterpillars crawling on it.Lei face pale, the whole person also breathed"They should have died two or three days ago."Dring Corvette appeared beside lei, carefully watching the five bodies, the face is still relatively calm," lei, you look closely, these five people's body chest heart clothes have an unremarkable Bloodstains, if I observed well, these five people should be killed by humans and killed by the same person.Lei surprised"Grandpa Delrin, you said that you were killed?" lei surprised to see DrincowwaterDelin Kewotte smiled indifferently: "LEI Lei, you are the first time to come to the mountains of Warcraft, if you spend a long time, you will know that in the Warcraft Mountains, in addition to dealing with World of Warcraft attacks, but also to guard against other human attacks."" Human attacks, why do they attack? Lei felt a bit angry at the bottom of my heartIn the Warcraft Mountains, Endless World of Warcraft has gained the upper hand, and the humans in the Mountains of Warcraft did not think that they are not united. Instead, they must kill each other."This is normal. What do humans do when they enter the mountains of Warcraft? Most of them are to get the magic crystal nucleus. You can get a magic crystal nucleus by killing a World of Warcraft, and if you kill a person, you may have a parcel of this person. Several, even more magic crystal cores"Drinkovt stroked Bai Xishui<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Lin Lei understandsgreedy! Because of greed, some people in the Mountains of Warcraft want to more easily get more magic crystal nucleus, killing other people in the mountains of Warcraft is indeed a quick way"LEI, you must be careful. According to my observations, the murderer who killed the five people is very amazing. You see that five of them are four warriors and one magician. These five people are all heart-punched. Wearing and dying, the means of its crisp, let people chillJust do not know how the strength of these five people, it is difficult to infer the real strength of the murderer“Drincowwater frowned and said, “But these five people dare to come to the Mountain of Warcraft, they will definitely not be weak.It can be judged that the strength of that murderer will not be weaker than you at leastLei looked at the first two steps and nodded his approvalKilling is too bad"Now you are still on the periphery of the Mountain of Warcraft."Drinkovt said with a smileLei nodded and continued to set off, with the advancing in the depths of the mountains of warcraft, Warcraft, human wreckage can often be seen on the way, you can also find a lot of rusty weapons, and lei also encountered a few A relatively low power of WarcraftIt was getting dark, and lei and Xiaoying's each had eaten a wild boar trotter and they were ready to rest. Lin Lei sat on the ground, and Xiaoying rat curled up beside Lin Lei."In the middle of the Warcraft Mountains, you can't make fire at night."Drinkingwater again entrusted the road"I know, Grandpa Delin"The majority of common sense in the survival of the Warcraft Mountains, lei still know, World of Warcraft is not an ordinary beast, they are not afraid of the ordinary flameSitting on the ground, the lei quietly closed his eyes and began to feel the flow of elements in the earth. He also felt the flow of the elements of the surrounding wind. The feeling was like returning to the arms of his parents.The affinity of the earth and wind elements is super, which also makes the ray feel more clear"The pulsation of the earth, the rhythm of the windLei's face has a quiet smile, the whole person began to sleepThis situation, lei is very confident, once the ground near the shock, or any rapid approach caused by wind, will make lei aware of and wake upThis is the skill of the ground and wind magicians.Gradually the night darkened, and the shadowy mouse "Babe" huddled beside Lin Lei also issued a very slight buzz. Evening winds had to be forgiven. However, the summer of Warcraft could not be felt until late at night. The daytime will only feel hot and humidLate at night, dark"唆唆~~~" The slight limbs and weeds soundedTwo strong wolfs with blue hairs were walking quietly in the mountains. The green eyes of the two wolves were vigilantly watching the surroundings. The powerful limbs were quietly silent. Walking on the roadThe pale tusks faintly reflected in the night