The original sitting on the ground and lei suddenly opened his eyes and looked directly to the south, but the south is just a messy thorn bush, this is a good place to rest leiIn the weeds or thorns from the inside, the general World of Warcraft is probably close to will not find him"Two World of Warcraft are close. It's about 40 meters from me now.” lei determined according to the volatility of the elements of the wind not far from there are two World of WarcraftLei quietly came to the edge of the thorn bush, through the thorny thorns to see the two strong wind wolf with twinkling eyes shining thirty meters quietly forward, to see the route is close to their own , and lei felt a slight sinking shoulders, shadow mouse' babe' has been on his shoulders“The boss, isn’t this a wolf? We’ve seen it several times at Ernst College.” Bebe did not worry, with the hearts of lei exchangeLei eyes staring at these two wind wolf: "Yes, is the wolfThe Wolves can be divided into three major groups: wolf wolf, wind wolf and snow wolf. The snow wolf population has the strongest overall strength, and the wolf wolf population has the weakest strength.This wind wolf population center, the wind wolf family, even if the most common wind wolf is four levels of Warcraft, the elite will have five, six of Warcraft, is said that the wind wolf's top strong reach the eight level"The most common is the four-level warcraft. This is not what the single-horn boar can match."My soldier's strength was only four, and the soldier's strength alone was not enough for these two wolf's.Lei finally got a hint of excitement, "but this is only a little challenging"Looking at the two wind wolf came quietly, lei's lips moved slightly to read a magical spell, eyes more and more cold"Bang!" "Bang!" "Bang!" "Bang!" ... A burst of deep roars sounded. In the dark night, a dozen stones with a surface of one meter high and full of ochre light were on the move. As the two wind wolf shouted, the two wind wolf suddenly raised his head and began to dodge immediately.The deep impact soundedIn the short period of time when the earthy boulders licked to the wolf, the wolf reacted to escape and quickly got a mess.One of the two wolf’s hind wolf’s hind legs was paralyzed, and the other one was dangerously completely evaded."It's a wind wolf and it's fastLei thought in mind, meditation magic spell, display the wind system assisted magic 'speed', while holding the sculpture used the 'flat knife', lei suddenly rushed out from the thorns, the speed toward the only hurt the back Wind wolf rushesBlessed ‘top speed’ 4th-level fighters are almost as fast as the unwounded wolfOf course, the injury was far less than that of Lin Lei.The wolf that had been injured by the hind leg horrifiedly wanted to escape, and tussled his teeth to show his teeth"Yeah!" "Yeah!" "Yeah!"... A series of wind blades appeared out of thin air and leaned towards Lin Lei."The wolf is all copper head iron tail bean curdLei the whole person is very smart, on the ground, two or three consecutive points will escape the wind blade close to the wounded wolf, lei threw it like a whirlwind, like a whip smashed in the Windwolf's waist"Pang!" The wolf flew from the ground and his mouth was even more painful.LEI feet a little more, followed by the wind wolf was kicked, the hands of the flat knife flashed a beautiful Hanmang across the belly of the wolfLei only felt that the flat knife in his hands seemed to pierce into the tough brown leather. It was very difficult to draw a wound. The blood sprayed the sky."The wolf's waist is not strong enough, but the fur is strong enough, no, or it is not sharp enough to cut ordinary stone. This flat knife is also okay. It can be used to scratch the fur of Class IV. It is difficultLei thought in my heart, but watched another wolf<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The other wolf did not move, but stared at lei, in those faintly green eyes However, there is a trace of murderousness and a deep buzzing sound"If the wind wolf is not injured, with his flexibility, I will only kill him by the ability of soldiers, I am afraid it is a dream.Lei is very clear, the wolf has been good at speed, if not own wind magic assist, and not only the wolfLEI once again read the magic spell, but when half read, lei suddenly changed face."Not good!" The wolf's low roars in all directions. The sound is heard from every direction. LEI looks awkwardly around. At this time, both pairs of eyes emitting faint green light appear in all directions. In the night, Both pairs of green eyes are indeed heart-chilling"Not a wolf, but ... ... a group!" Lei's heart string suddenly tightened, and even one on the side to make a 'yawning' shadow mouse 'bebe' this time the body hair is also vertical I looked alertly in all directions"Boss, it seems dangerous."" Grandpa Delrin, you said it too sensibleLei face hardIn the Warcraft Mountains, encounter Super Warcraft, or encounter the wind wolf is almost a dead end"Effective fart, I said that the number of Warcraft Wolves encountered, in that case, unless you can fly, or a dead endThis situation is slightly better now, up to twenty or thirty wind wolf"Derlin Corvette's mouth relaxed, his face is very solemn," but lei you have to know, I'm just a soul, not the slightest magic, can not help you, all on your ownLei heart pain"Twenty or thirty wind wolfs, this wind wolf can be at least four levels of Warcraft, the speed of the wolf is fast, and it will be a magic attack.I'm just a fifth-level wizard"LEI feels a lot of pressure. At this time, the sound of a group of storm wolves around him suddenly stopped."I saw two wind wolfs out of a group of wind wolf who surrounded them. These two wolfs were just two more than the two lei had just seen. The one wolf that had just survived was Respectful of the two large wind wolfs, and whispered in silence, not knowing what to sayOne size bigger than the average wolf, and the same green eyes that are also bigger than the number one made lei feel a shock to the heart"It is the elite of the wolf pack. At the very least, it is a fifth-level Warcraft. It is hoped that it will not be a six-level Warcraft!" Lin leaned in his heart and thought quickly how to deal with it.Even if it is five World of Warcraft, two five World of Warcraft with a group of four Warcraft siege lei one person, lei can not have much confidenceThe speed of the four-level wind wolf reached the limit of the lei, and the speed of the five-level wolf, even if lei used ‘speed’ assistance, I am afraid not as good as the other party.Two headed by the wolf, the pair of cold green eyes stare at the lei, eyes are just killing! "This time, I really want to work hard."After being surrounded by a group of wind wolf, Lin Lei even had his forehead and back to sweat, his heart suddenly mentioned the eyes of the blind, and at the same time, the more the magic spells in the mouth read up."Hey ~ ~" was clearly one of the two leaders of the wolf suddenly whispered low, and suddenly two or three strong wind wolf in all directions with a strong wind leaps towards the lei, a pair of pairs of white cold The fangs of the fangs are plunged toward Lin Lei, and the sky is full of powerful dark green wind blades.