As the sun sets, the red burning cloud is filled with nearly half a sky, and even the whole earth is red."Cleaning a dungeon is really simple enoughLei out of the hall and had to admit that his preparation was too full, originally intended to use one hour of work, only 15 minutes to completeOn Magnolia mainland, 12 months a year, 30 days a month, 24 hours a day, 60 minutes an hourThe general aristocracy has a clock and can know the precise time. The extremely wealthy or high status person even has a very delicate personal pocket watch.“The ancestral hall was cleaned and cleaned every month. Actually it was only a month. There was no dirty place on the ancestral hall. Just wipe it.There is also an hour before evening training. What should we do? Boring lei looked aroundThe ancient mansion in Baruch has a history of more than 5,000 years.The front yard is clean and tidy every day, but in the wider area of ​​the backyard, in addition to the ancestral halls, other houses and yards are covered with dust, and even there are cracks.Messy grass, green moss covered the corner, stone road"what"Looking at these old buildings that were languishing, lei's eyes began to brighten up. "There are so many places in the backyard that haven't been cleaned up for more than 100 years. Will there be some old, valuable things? ? "Think of this, lei could not help jumping through the puff"If I can find a valuable item and give it to my father, he will be very happy.Lei took a deep breath, immediately began to walk towards the defeated house next to the ancestral hall, step by step, walking carefully, in the hands of a sturdy wooden pole, so that the cobweb wave away, carefully observe there is nothing articleInto the old house, lei will smell a smell of **, in the corner there is a dense cobweb, you can also see the spider climbing on itMany spider webs cover the surface of some ornaments. Take a closer look. The decoration on the walls of the ancient houses is still very old.However, those decorations are already rotted, but they just barely see a model."If these decorations are not rot, they are new and they should be worth a lot of money.Lei reluctantly shook his head, then continue to observe other things, in the hands of the wood will be dealt with a layer of cobwebs, lei carefully observe any of the same itemsOn the ground, on the wooden frame, or to check the wall for hidden institutions"According to the books, the wall-making authorities are very normal.Lei knocked carefully against the wall, listening to the soundLei enjoyed the feeling of this ancient treasure hunt, but lei forgot that he could think of the treasure hunt in the old house. His father, even his grandfather, and the older elders of the baruch family would not have thought of it. The things in these old houses have long been searched for by the ancestors of the Baruch family.Lei is after all only eight years old, although childhood education made lei relatively mature, but after all, there is a big gap with adults, thinking is not enough"Nothing in this ancient house, the next -" LEI walked out of the first old house, then walked toward the second old houseThere are still many buildings in the back garden. After all, the front yard of the lei they live in is only one third of the entire site.The area behind is much biggerIf you want to complete the search, lei estimated that a full day of effort"Every piece of decorations must be rotted, and one worthless is notLei once again out of an old house<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>看看天空"Well, from the evening training, it is estimated that there are fifteen minutesLei turned around and looked at a very large old house in the distance, "it was the one, the largest ancient houseIt takes ten minutes to search but if you can't search it, you can go and train immediately.Lei made a decision and ran past this largest old house.This set of old houses covers an area that is much larger than the living room in the front yard, and they stepped into it. lei carefully observed: “It is estimated that hundreds of years ago, here is where our Baruch family meals."From the interior decoration layout of the old house, lei can also see that here is the living roomAnd it is a very spacious and atmospheric living room"Search the ground first"The old rules, lei heads wide open eyes, carefully search for every place, see what there is a wooden pole squat twice, carefully identify whatIf it is anything, give it up directlyBecause it is faster to train in the evening, the speed of the lei search has also accelerated many"Starting to search the walls, as well as various decorations, call, the last hopeLei snorted, looked around, "family ancestors, you leave me with the same two things, even if it is a gadgetLei carefully observed everywhere, even to watch behind the rotten decorations on the wallThere is a wooden frame on the wall of this ancient house, and there are drawers on the wooden frame. LEI immediately opens the drawers one by one, but the drawers are very clean and the inside is empty.If there is something, there is only - dust"Hey!" After checking the last drawer of the wooden frame, lei could not help but feel disappointed“Searching for such a long time, I didn’t even have the same valuable things. I’m tired of sweat and I’m still covered in ash.Lei look at his body, it is really dirtyThis makes it hard for Lin LeiLei glances at ancient houses"Hey, go back" lei heart angrily put the wood in his hand, fling on the wooden frame next to the dynasty, it seems that lei want to nearly an hour of indignation resentment in the threw off like this"Hey!" The wood sticks to the wooden frameThis wooden frame has a long history, and it has been overburdened by the corrosion of this one hundred years. This wooden pole has been stunned and it has not caused the wooden frame to scream.Hearing the noise, Lin Lei couldn't help but look back." lei in the search for the first few ancient houses, but also once made some decorations on the ground, has been very experiencedI saw lei quickly retreat sidewaysThe wooden frame that the two people were taller than LEI finally fell down. The sound of “boom” slammed into the ground and the wooden frame broke into seven or eight pieces. This made it possible to raise a layer of dust in the ancient house.In the raised dust, lei did not notice - as the wooden frame cracked, a black ring hidden in the wooden mezzanine did not know how long it fell down, and finally fell on the ground"Hey, hey,"LEI even spit two or three times, waving his sleeve to dust off"It's a bad luck. I'm getting all the ash on my body. It's estimated that I'll have to train for a while. Or I'll go wash it up and change my clothes.Lei waved his hand and walked outside the old house