At this time more than 20 wind wolf surrounded the lei, more than 100 dark green wind blade, almost covered with a small space around leiAvoid! Lei suddenly moved the whole person, suddenly slammed down at the foot, stature as the arrow from the string directly to the front of a tree to jump away, but the wind blade is too dense, there are still more than a dozen wind blade Lei's body"Peng!" "Peng!" "Peng!" "Peng!" ... ... Wind blade as if in a tough cloth on the same, LEI whole person is also windy in the direction of the air changes, LEI hands quickly seize a prosperous The branches of the tree climbed up towards the trees as soon as they climbed over. They eagerly climbed to a height of twenty or thirty meters. Only when they stopped and looked down"It's dangerous enoughLei breathed a sigh of relief, this time lei's body surface flows like a layer of rock-colored armor, this layer of armor surface also flows with a touch of light yellow layer of light, that rich element of the atmosphere also spread outMagic of the land - the earth guards the Holy Shrine! The earth guards the shrines. At least five magicians can be arranged. The earth guarding shrines arranged by the five magicians and six magicians are formed by the accumulation of rock formations and the guardian shrines of rock formations. , The defense is already strong and can defend against the same level of power several times.These wind blades are also the power of three and four levels."Hey ~~~" was angrily lowLei looked down and saw more than twenty wind wolf's feet below the bottom of the wind, two dozen wind wolf suddenly jumped up, that led two wind wolf actually jumped more than ten meters, directly jumped on the rough In the thick branches, the powerful wolf claws are caught on the branches and the station is extremely stable.World of Warcraft 'Wind Wolf' is very balanced and climbing trees is not difficult for them"I am not afraid that you will climb trees. What I am afraid of is that you do not climb trees.Lei felt the blood in the body began to boil, the more dangerous situation, the more between life and death, but make lei more exciting heartOn the ability to climb trees, the devil wolf is weaker than humans, and lei jumps quickly between trees and trees. This group of wolf is also roaring and chasing.In the outskirts of the Mountain of Warcraft, the wind wolf group is definitely the strongest existence, and it is generally the sixth-level fighter who encounters such a group of wolfs and only escapes.After all, the level of physical strength of the 6th-level fighters can't hold up any of these wind wolf's paws.LEI, more than 20 wind wolf began to chase up at a height of more than 20 meters. The two leading wolfs were faster than LAM. lei could only change its direction and avoid it. One of the wind wolf's mouth suddenly shot a few wind blades, LEI immediately changed direction dodge"Oh!" Several truncated branches were cut off by wind blades and fell to the ground."Oh!" The wolf of a wind wolf headed across LEI's back, and the earth guards the shrine and trembled a few times. The ochre light flashed a few times."Oh!" "Oh!" "Oh!" ... The leader of the wind wolf is too fast, but also terribly flexible, that claw clawed several times in a row on the lei body, head, neck, etc., thanks to the earth guardian The Holy Ghost is a collection of magical elements that can change form and can also be transferred to the head to form a helmet to protectHowever, under the successive attacks of the chief of the wolf’s leader, the earth’s guardian shrine was still shining with yellow light."The leader of this wolf is too fast, and the earth guards the sacred cymbals.Lei bite a tooth, directly to the top crawl, the higher the climb, the weight of people comparable to the wolf is much lighter, and the climbing skills are also stronger than the wolf, when lei climbed to 80 meters high When at the time, the following wolf can no longer climb, the wind wolf can only spit out a blunt shot to the lei, lei flexible dodge, it really can not hide, just use the earth to protect the chanting hard block"If you fall so high, don't you still die?" Lin Lei quickly chanted magic spells in his mouth, so that he can maintain peace of mind in such a dangerous situation. This is also the result of long-term quiet maintenance of stone sculptures."Pang!" A blade of wind smashed on the ground to guard the holy shrine. The guardian holy shrine on the edge of the collapse finally broke up. It turned into a yellowish light and dissipated between heaven and earth, and a succession of wind blades rushed over. Lei suddenly found"Ordinary wind wolf's wind blade is only equivalent to the three-level magician issued the wind blade, but also kills my fourth-class soldiersLei continued to meditate on the magical spells, allowing the blade to squat on the body, "hee hee ~ ~" wounds flesh turned out, a horrible wound appeared on the chest, blood flow outLei just brow slightly wrinkled, continue to meditation magic spell"Boom!" "Bang!" "Bang!" "Bang!" ... There are more than 100 pieces of stone with the size of a skull, and the surface is covered with yellowish light, which is more than a dozen stones that are intensively facing toward the back. In the past, in particular, there were thirty or so stones lying on the heads of two wolf men. Two leaders of the wolf were forced to fall. These stones were too much and too dense. "" A wolf groaned, a wind wolf fell down, and even the branches were cut off and fell.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>This is a big move. It is also very flexible. Plus, the fur defense is strong enough to fall into the claws and forcefully catch the branches. Then some wind wolf suffers minor injuries and there are no deaths of the wolf."The wound looks scary, but it's not deep, but it can't be so bloodyLei suddenly emerged from the flames on his right hand, and the right hand that came out of the flames was pressed in the wound position and only heard the sound of 嗤嗤 ,. lei could not help sucking a cold air, and the brow was wrinkled.A taste of barbecue from the chest filled with lei's chest, lei's chest wounds were baked together, but left ugly scarsLei when doing this action, also took the opportunity to immediately limp, jump in between the trees, run all the way, and then jumped directly to the ground, the height of eighty meters straight down the lei, but lei body The air flow around the table, the speed at which the lei dropped by the whole person was still unpleasant. In the process of landing, lei had silently played a magical spell.The group of wolf also chased after him and chased it tightly for a while.Two wind wolf leaders fastest landing, and then squinted and looked at the lei, their cold eyes all have a trace of doubt, lei why not run? World of Warcraft with high intelligence also worried about what the lei has at this time“吼~~~” One of the two wolf chiefs whispered, and immediately a fourth-level Warcraft wolf heard the order and jumped directly toward Lin Lei.Lei suddenly leaps, a group of wind wolf with one hand pointing to the distance, whispered: "gravity surgery!" Department of magic - gravity surgery! This is a very terrible magic of the ground. It is the use of the flow of land elements that control the earth. It adjusts the gravitational force within a certain area of ​​the land, causing the pressure on the attacker to increase dramatically.Gravity is at least five magicians to useThe more powerful the magic book, the more powerful it is to use the gravity technique.“嗡~~~” The air quivered, centered on the lei, and the surface of the sky within a hundred meters had a faint khaki. All the wind wolfs in this area were all under tremendous pressure. The wailing wolf Also because of the sharp increase in pressure can not help falling, the other group of wind wolf eyes also have a hint of panic, the two leading wolf is roaring with desperation toward the lei hit, but it is clear that these two headed the wolf It's not even half the speed"Your speed has dropped and I have no influence"The lei's body surface also has a yellowish glow, which seems to reflect the earth's rays on the surface."The elements of the geoscience system have special fluctuations. There are some differences between different land magicians. If you completely grasp the fluctuations of the elements of the ground, you can rely on the elements of the ground to counteract the effects of gravity.The enemy’s speed dropped sharply, and his speed was much faster than that of the other. LEI was able to dodge, and at the same time quickly chanted magic spells."Oh!" "Oh!" "Oh!" "Oh!" ... Dozens of guns suddenly came out under the feet of the wolf pack. The sharp gun suddenly turned out to be direct. Pierces the belly of the seven wolvesThere are also several Wolfs who have been severely injured by sharp punctures.The two wolfs headed by "Hey ~~" are anxiousIn the area of ​​gravity, they are not even as fast as half past. They can't intercept the physically flexible lei.If face to face, the five wind wolf can definitely kill lei, but they can not be close to lei! It is not difficult to deal with them with the repair of the five lion magicians"Hey ~~" whisperedThe two wind wolfs who led the race turned their heads and ran without hesitation, and the other dozen living wolfs immediately fled.In the night, these dozen wind wolf suddenly disappeared into the eyes of lei, this time, lei assaulted the whole person, as the wind swept through the three seriously injured wolf escaped too late to escape"Pang!" "Peng!" "Peng!" Three feet in a row, slamming on three seriously injured wind wolf's heads, bursting with a skull, the three wolfs immediately fell to the ground.Even the seven wolf who had been thrown to the ground by the sudden gunning, a total of ten wolf died, and because of the strenuous exercise, the ray of the polymerized chest wound that had been roasted was split and the blood oozing out.