"Call, finally leftLei this dark breathLei himself is very clear, he himself is also the strength of the fourth-level fighters, with the five-level wolf close combat that is to find deathOnly rely on magicBut if you don't have enough speed, how can you read the magic spell? Thanks to your fast speed, this results in such a result."If it is a sixth-level magician, I can't do it better than me.Six magicians come to the speed of six general magicians. They can't escape the wolf's pursuit. They are besieged by a group of wolfs. I'm afraid that even the magic will not be able to be used.Lei feel more and more sensible about his ability to cultivate his body at this time.Lei glanced at the ring of dragons on his left middle finger, which had been worn on the fingers since lei grew up."And fortunately there is a dragon ring, or how can I cast so many five levels of magic!" The general level 5 magician, playing up to two levels of five magic I am afraid there is no magic, and lei is different, he Just played three times five times in the Department of Magic 'Fractured Stone', a 'gravity technique', a 'Guardian of the Holy Land', and a 'Grounding'A total of six five-level magicThe main reason is - Ring of DragonsThe Ring of Dragons was inadvertently obtained by Derlin Kewalt. Derlin Kewater was shocked to discover when he cast a spell. The same magic, if used through the Dragon Ring, only needs six points. One's magic power and spiritual power can achieve the same effectThe Ring of Dragons clearly can better communicate with the elements and better manipulate the elementHas a low spiritual and magical burdenOne-sixth, what does it mean? For example, a sanctuary magician can only display a terrible ‘destruction storm’, and after possessing the “Dragon Ring”, he can display six ‘destroy storms’.With such horrible treasures, Derinkholt was excited to be recognized as the gift of the mother of the earth and named it as 'The Ring of the Earth'.Artifact 'The Ring of the Earth'This is named after De Lin Ke Watert. According to De Lin Ke Watert, although there are other extremely powerful treasures on the mainland of Magnolia, it can make the magician more easily use his magic, but it can reach the ring of the earth. Effective, almost noAfter lei got the ring of dragons, when training, he discovered that “because it is magic of the ground, it is wind magic, and even the fire magic of my half-caster, it only needs to use the dragon element to communicate heaven and earth. One-sixth of magical power and spiritual powerLei watched the ring of dragons, my heart was more happyDerlin Kewater also appeared beside Lin Lei at this time"Don't read it. I got this ring of dragons. I never dared to tell anyone. If you let others know, it's estimated that there will be a lot of sacred strong people fighting for this baby, but I didn't expect it. The ring is not only helpful to the magic of the earth, but also the wind and the fire.“Drincowate is amazedLei nodded: "I will not reveal this secret in the future"LEI is very clear about the preciousness of this ring of dragons. Once the news is leaked out, I am afraid that the entire Magnolia mainland sanctuary who has been overwhelming will give it to the dead."Boss, is it over?" At this time, the shadow rat "Bebe" soundedThe little mouse "Bebe" was not far from the grass this time. The little mouse "Bebe" didn't participate in the war but watched quietly next to it.Lei smiled"Call it, it hurtsLei looked at his chest position chest, tops tattered, chest wounds also penetrated the blood outside, this time carefully cleaned the lei wounds, while running the earth elements slowly flow through the wound, the wound is slowly polymerizationBebe stared at the lei at this time to deal with the wound, it seems to be nervous for lei too"Boss, I must take the next time this situation” Bebe suddenly said the voice"No, unless you discover that I'm alone in resisting death, you can only shoot.Otherwise...what did I come to try in the World of Warcraft? Lei is very tough, babe immediately did not say anythingBabe long wanted to kill, but lei always does not allow<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> At this time, in the grass about thirty meters away from the lei, a dark shadow lurked silently. that“In the battle just now, this young man from beginning to end has performed a total of six levels of ground magic. Although it is the power of five levels of ground magic, but can be cast six times, it should be a sixth-level magician.The strength of soldiers should be around four.According to wind magic aids in his action, it should also be magicIntegrity: Six double magicians, and four warriors"The dark shadows in the distance are calculated"The killing of him is 90%, you can shoot it."Shadow made a judgmentLei experienced a war this time, it is natural to relax, that shadow is still motionless, in the darkness, there is no sound the slightest shadowNot to mention lei, that is, the little mouse ‘bebe’ didn’t even noticeThe earthy yellow of the ground finally dissipatedGravity surgery time has passed! “This time!” The dark shadow that had been lurking still quietly floated out. The whole man flew away like psychedelic shadows toward lei.Lei suddenly felt a surprise, the whole person quickly leaped toward the side, while turning to look at the rear, only to see a black figure holding a sharp blade in his hand directly to the thorn, that sharp reflection of the cold let lei heart Suddenly, the pair of cold and innocent eyes filled with sinister intentions made it even more difficult for Lin Lei."Good speedLei retired, but the darkness was obviously faster, and the blackened blade was already in sight"Yeah!" lei counterhanded with a flat knife to resist, black blade in the hands of the sharp knife with lei in the hands of the knife attack, only to hear a continuous crisp sound, flat knife "peng" will be completely broken Cracked open, the broken blade also crossed LEI's face, leaving a bloodshot"Yeah!" "Yeah!" "Yeah!" "YOU!" ... LEI's body suddenly appeared in front of seventy-eight wind blades and went straight to the dark shadow.With the strength of today's lei, it can be completely silentThe seventy-eight wind blade squatted on that dark shadow body. The black light on the surface of the dark body flowed, and the wind blade broke."Dark property grudge!" lei suddenly judgedAlthough these seventy-eight wind blades did not block the shadow, but it also made the shadow spirit a little bit, lei immediately a turn, the whole person as the arrow from the string toward the side of the rapid leaps, that dark shadow is also very fast Leaps to lei at a faster paceIn the midst of the air, facing the lei, that flowing black ray of sharp edge on the speed of stabbing, the goal is impressively the heart of lei, this time lei flashed in the mind just entered the five corpses seen in the mountains of Warcraft, The five people also died when their heart was pierced."go to hell"Shadow's self-confidence, black light flowing sharply thrust into the lei's chest, in the middle of the air, lei simply can not rely on dodge, can only send out a simple defensive magic - earth shield! A volume is only normal soil shield One-third of small shields appear in the heart chest“Bang!” The dark shadow slammed into the shadows and the sharp edge of the hand pierced the soil shield at a faster rate. For the dark shadow, there was no obstacle to the low-level magic of the earth shield.When the area of ​​the earth shield reduced, the defense power per unit area is still very strong, but in the face of this sharp attack, can only slow down the speed but can not block, lei felt a sharp pain in the chest, short time, the blade has pierced this Soil Shield"Oh ~ ~" a terrifying wailing sound, I saw the shadow mouse "Bebe" suddenly appeared in the dark shadow of the wrist, the shadowed mouse that mouth can completely swallow the fist, sharp teeth suddenly snapped in On the darkened wrist, only a shrill scream was heard, and the black shadow's wrist was completely bitten off.Only a powerless, broken hand grabs the dagger and inserts it on the chest that covers a small layer of earth shields.