“Ah, ah~~~” The wrist was born to be eaten. This kind of pain caused the dark shadow to scream.The Shadow Mouse 'Bebe' was again in front of the shadows. The dark shadow looked at this little mouse that looked like a pet: "What, this, what kind of monster is this?" The shadow is definitely not I believe this is a shadow mouse. He has also seen Shadow Mouse. It's not so scary.Shadows tolerate the pain of a severed hand, a black grudge shield appears on the surface, and he wants to escapeThe dark shadow only felt that the scary monster in front of him suddenly became psychedelic, and then he felt a sharp pain. The shadowed rat was biting into the throat of the dark shadow, even with the dark grudge shield. Also bitten"Hey!" He only heard a heart-shocking bite, and the dark shadow's neck was bitten off by half. The whole head and body trunk were still connected by a layer of skin. The eyelids completely dimmed, unable to fall to the groundLEI also landed at this time, immediately pulled out a short blade, his chest blood is stained with red clothes, looked at the wound piercing the chest, lei heart burst of cold, if the other side of the short edge then deeper then a few points, their own heart Estimated to be punctured"Closer, almost no life.After robbing him for the rest of his life, lei couldn't help but look at the little mouse "Babe" who saved his life. The little mouse "Bebe" nervously said: "What happened to the boss?" "" Fortunately, life savedLei laughed at babe, if not babe, this time is really deadBabe heard this, his face did not just have the tension, and at this time was proud of it, relying on the hind limbs is upright, but also picked up a small ** on the lei, shaking two or three, proud soul exchange : "You are so weak in the boss, and you said that you should try it on your own. Look, it was almost killed by someone hidden in the underworld."Little mouse" ‘bebe’ this time how could have let the opportunity to fight lei? lei laughed"Bebe, thank you, you saved my lifeLei looked at the two terrible wounds on the chest, heart sigh, "this is the first day!" "Drincowout also appeared at this time and also exclaimed:" This killer is really terrible, and this time he lost the shadow rat. If it weren't for him, lei, you are miserable this time. The old man, only the soul, there is no way to save youLei also understands that the sacred mage of delin kowtor only has the soul.“Grandpa Delin, how fast is the speed of this killer?Lei some do not believeDeling Kewater explained: “This killer should be a six-ranked warrior, but he is practising bizarre dark nature of vindictiveness, and should be specially trained to be good at sneaking and converging.Think of him as a specially trained six-level warrior, and the general attack power is stronger than that of the general six-level warrior.The darkness of the grudge is quite different, he should be accelerated by a secret method.Lei nodded slightlyThe magic of darkness or vindictiveness is forbidden in the sacred alliance. It is practicable to practice in the four great empires and dark leagues.It's as if the dark confederies banned the practice of cultivating light magic and bright attributes"Boss, come"The Shadow Mouse 'Babe' shouted beside the killer's body.Lei puzzled look at the past: "bebe, what's wrong?" "this killer has a personal back wrapped it"Shadow mouse" ‘bebe’ excitement said, lei looked toward the killer’s body, the black back of the killer has been scratched, it is clear that this should be the credit for the shadow mouseUnder the black coat, the back of the body is tightly bound with a parcel"LEI, it is estimated that the previous five people were also killed by this killer. With his strength, he did not know how many people had killed him."Drincowwater said with a smile<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> LEI couldn't help moving in the heart. With this killer's strength, I am afraid that the average level 6 soldier will be killed by him.It is estimated that this killer's treasure will not be less"Hey ~ ~ ~" Xiao Ying rat bite the package, the body jumped to the shoulders of leiSeeing this scene, Lin Lei secretly secretly exclaimed: "Bebe's speed is too fast. The killer's speed is fast, but it's just a little faster than me. Bebe's speed is so fast I can't react, and it's no wonder that The killer was killed by Babe when he could not escape."" Hey ~ ~ ~" beibei mouth carrying a parcel, standing on the shoulders of lei also flinging the mouth of the parcel, "boss, open and see soon ah"Shadow mouse' babe' is anxiously reciprocating to the lei soulBabe is also curious about what's insideLei smiled and took over the parcel. The parcel was dark and leather. However, it was clear that the quality of this parcel was much better than that of lei.It is estimated that it is made of Warcraft's furUnlocking the wrapped lockLooked at the contents of the parcel, lei eyes bright, this parcel sandwiched between a set of clothes and some barbecue stuffing, and a mezzanine with a bag of gold coins, the largest parcel of the entire parcel in a large bag of things, Lei untied this big bag and saw it, could not help sucking a cold"How many people kill the killer in the end, how much of Warcraft?" lei is a bit shocked, this bag is actually a colorful, colorful variety of Warcraft nucleus, and occasionally there are a few magic nucleus doping in it"How many Warcraft nucleuses are there, at least a few dozen?Lei excited in the heartLei immediately began to count up, respectively, at the same time the level of Warcraft nuclearThe power of Warcraft nucleus is not difficult for a magicianJust a short while, this large bag of Warcraft nucleus, magic crystal lei completely figured out"A total of 102 Warcraft nucleus crystals, a total of seven magic crystal spar, five of Warcraft nucleus of Warcraft five crystal core, five of Warcraft 26 nucleus, four of Warcraft 71 nucleus, three of theThese seven magic crystal stones, six of which are middle-quality magic crystal stones, are top gradeLei felt his heart jumped ordinary, lei did not know, this killer also got three levels of Warcraft nuclear, but that killer simply too lazy to takeAs for the magic sparThe magic spar is generally set on the magic wand, is used to quickly restore the magic power, this is the magician killed by the killer, the magic wand inlaid on the magic wand directly to the down"The 102 nucleus of Warcraft is worth about 134,000 gold coins, and the seven magic sapphire is worth 1600 gold coins. Together, it is about 15,000 gold coins." lei calculated this figure is also a surprise, just a killer package, there are so manyWhat about your own family? In order to allow his younger brother, ‘Wharton, to study in O'Brien’s empire, the foundation of his family was almost hollowed out.Today's Baruch family is asking him to come up with 10,000 gold coins. It is estimated that it is very difficult."When I entered the first day of the Warcraft Mountains, I learned so muchHow much will be harvested in the next two months? Lei heart some look forward toHowever, lei also knows that it will not be possible to encounter such a big ‘fat sheep’ each time, and that the big ‘fat sheep’ is also strong, and lei has almost lost his life this time.Think of the scene just now, lei could not help but touch the wound on the chest and the face was cut after the flat knife cracked woundLei suddenly looked at the ten dead wolf"Ten four levels of Warcraft nucleus, plus there are hundreds of gold coins, can not be wastedLei hand holding the short edge of the killer just to go to ten wind wolf corpse in the skull of the magic crystal to give up, the use of lei found that this short edge of the handle is significantly sharper than his flat knife