Lin Lei processed wounds at a water source in the Mountain of Warcraft and absorbed ground elements to repair wounds. Mother Earth is the most charitable and selfless.Stepping on the earth, feeling the gradual improvement of the earth on the body, lei heart peace and harmonyLei has now changed the parcel, his own package, whether it is leather quality, or internal design are far less than that of the killer's parcel, the killer's parcel inside the layering and locking and other arrangements, as long as that a lock buckle tension In addition, the internal things will be tightly clamped on the back and will not affect the movement in the slightest.And the killer's black short blade is also more sharp and can be used smoothly."call!" lei form agile, quietly marching in the mountains, the general level of two small warcraft lei are too lazy to care, and generally are three, four World of WarcraftIf you run into a separate level five Warcraft, lei also dare to fight someAs the depths of the invasion into the mountains of Warcraft, lei experienced a bloody cruel battle again and again, experienced several assassinations hidden in the dark, in a battle again and again, lei wounds are also more and more, while lei The heart is also getting tougherThe battle between life and death made lei feel even tougher and the means became more and more irritatingIn an instant, lei has already spent a month in the Mountains of Warcraft.****** A month later, the top of the big tree next to a stream in the Mountains of WarcraftThere was a shallow scar on his left face, and LEI bowed like a cheetah lurking in a tree.At this moment, lei is hiding in the dense leaves and looked down carefully. There is a small brook at tens of meters away from the big tree where lei is located. There is a strong bloodthirsty warfare pig beside the lei. There is a bloody unicorn on the body, and the body's muscles are grazing. The blue veins are just like the old tree roots.Bloodthirsty warfare, five World of Warcraft, fire properties! “This bloodthirsty battle pig skin is thick and defense is very strong.Lei in the heart of a move, they made a decision, immediately lips moving silently, silently magic spells, gradually lei side of the wind elements began to gather together, and then a blue translucent javelin appeared before lei The javelin tip also has a surging wind system.The wind system of five magic - wind roar! "Oh!" a sharp and harsh voice sounded, and the vacuum javelin shot at the speed of a terrifying fire. lei suddenly jumped down towards the canopy of the tree, almost trailing behind the translucent javelin. Go onThe bloodthirsty warfare pig who was drinking water couldn't help but look up at the harsh sound, but this javelin was too fast and was only a few meters away from the bloodthirsty warfare pig.Due to the speed of the javelin, a circular air flow is formed on the gun end."Hey ~~~" bloodthirsty warfare pigs yelled angrily, and the bloody red horns on the nose suddenly went to the top of the javelin.“Vampire!” The vacuum javelin formed by the roar of the wind slammed on the forehead of the bloodthirsty warfare pig. The vacuum javelin broke down immediately and was attacked by the windy five-level magic. The bloodthirsty warfare pig was also unable to restrain the limbs for a long time. Down, the forehead is hit with a trace of blood"Hey!" The bloodthirsty warfare hasn't reacted yet. Immediately after the 'wind roar', the lei grabbed the sharp, short blade and strongly and forcefully stabbed in the central part of the forehead of the bloodthirsty warfare pig. The black short edge of the shank pierces directly into the inside of the head, and in the punctured enamel, Lin Li immediately retreats"Hey ~ ~" was madly snarled by the bloodthirsty warfare pig that pierced the key, the whole body's flames began to rise, and at the same time, he rushed wildly in front of him.However, after rushing for more than ten meters, they fell to the ground powerlessly, and the limbs twitched and trembled two or three times and they did not move. The body's flames also dissipated."In five levels of Warcraft, bloodthirsty warfare pigs and bloodthirsty iron cattle should belong to the lowest wisdom itLei walked to the front of the bloodthirsty warfare corpse, pulled out that short blade, by the way also took out the fire property of the five nucleus of WarcraftRecall that this month in the life of the Mountain of Warcraft, LEI also had to admit that although it is still a five-level double magician, still a fourth-level warrior, you can now own more combat than you just entered the mountains of Warcraft to be much strongerSeveral times of life and death, the body's scars represent the cruelty of the month.In particular, there was a very terrible wound in his own abdomen, and that time he was really at the gates of ghosts. Finally, Shadow Mouse saved him.This wound is not a World of Warcraft but a very cute girl.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "When I really believed her, I believed her friends were all killed, leaving only one injured person. she wasLei thought of something that happened two weeks ago still feel a bit scared, the girl looks really kind and pureWhen lei discovered her, the other three men and another maiden were dead, leaving only her with fear and fear.Lei involuntarily to comfort her, help her, take care of herThe girl seemed to have been hit a lot.Every time she had to hold her in the night, she was able to sleep quietly. Every day I saw the girl's sleep in a quiet and pleasing appearance. LEI also felt a joy in her heart.This day passed three days. On the third day, she also slept quietly in her arms.However, the girl suddenly pierced the belly of lei with no vigilance with a dagger.Immediately afterwards, the maddening mouse ‘Babbe’ was actually strangely grown on the number one. The mouth smashed the girl’s entire head to pieces and killed the girl on the spot.Then ‘beibei’ was restoredHowever, Lin Lei’s abdominal wounds continued to bleed. The Shadow Mouse “Bebe” used the dark magic to seal the wound."When I first heard Draelin's words, I still had too little experience.Lei remembered and secretly sighed, at the beginning erlinkewater warned him several times, and finally saw lei stubbornly to take care of that seemingly poor girl, delin koowater did not have any way, but still requested lei save Even if people do, don’t let that girl be close byHowever, this girl was extremely frightened at the time, she did not hold herself unable to sleep safely, and finally LEI still comforted her to hold her and sleep together.“I really don’t think that her performance will be so strong. I’m like that to her and she’s able to treat me so unfeelingly.Lei sighed in the heart, every time when the girl thought that the girl pierced her abdomen, the girl's hot eyes, it felt a chillWhat causes this girl to be so ruthless? Didn’t she touch her for three days? "Fortunately, Grandpa Delrin exhorted me again and again, I didn't tell her the real strength of Beibei.Lei had to admit that his own little life was delin grandpa saved with the shadow mouse"LEI, think of it? Think of the girl again?" Delin Ke Watert appeared beside leiDelin Kewot saw the expression of lei guess it out, the girl's beheaded blow to lei is great, not only the physical damage, but also the heart of the damageSince that day, lei will not easily believe peopleDerlin Kewalt saw that the girl had a problem. Would she dare to enter the mountains of Warcraft and would be afraid of the dead because of the dead? Unfortunately, lei is still conquered by the girl's ‘performance’, thinking how miserable this girl is."LEI Lei, what is the performance of this girl? When I was in the Pu'ang Empire, I saw how many spies in other countries, and those spies can camouflage for decades.The ability to do drama far exceeds your imagination"Drincowwater said with a chuckle." Remember, don't be relaxed and wary of a stranger.Lei nodded slightly"Hey, hey ~~~" The little mouse "bebe" called out next to leiLei looked up and lookedThe little mouse “Babe” jumped from the side at this time and jumped to the bloodthirsty pig carcass“Boss, when do you come to the core area of ​​the Mountain of Warcraft?” Babe said, with a bit of dissatisfaction with the soul. “In these places now, it’s the sixth most powerful Warcraft, and it’s not much of a challenge.I want to challenge the seven Warcraft, boss, I want to challenge seven Warcraft! ! ! Lei glanced at the small mouse: "Well, do not be too proud, and said that six warcraft is not challenging, the last leader of the Qingfeng carving, how did you get it? "" Do not blame me"Bebe's little claws touched his nose and groaned." You see, the boss, the leader of the Qingfeng carving is not down in the air, and the wind blade is not like crazy hair like crazy. I can't help it. He attacked! Lei smiledXiao Ying mouse's beibei's strength, after several battles LEI already have a certain understanding, single speed, Xiao Ying rat 'bebe' reached a terrible point, just because of volume restrictions, the attack can only rely on paws and mouthTo deal with six World of Warcraft is still certain, but to deal with seven World of Warcraft, I am afraid there is a difficultyAt this time, Lin Lei brows, alertly turned to look far away, I saw a vague figure appeared in the field of vision