"LEI, it was you, it was great"Only a sound of joy was heard. A lean young man quickly ran over and this young man knew exactly what lei was on the way to the mountains of Warcraft.The other two people in the same class, their own classmates, ‘Dsante’, and Dahan Han’s Kava’ were dead.At the time, facing the wind archers, when lei cast his ground magic to ‘attack guns’, the agile five-level warrior “Matt” took the opportunity to escape, but lei didn’t care about the other’s escape.After all, Matt has no friendship with himself.To tell the truth, among the three people, Lin Lei had a little trust in his classmate, ‘Dsaudi’. The impression that the Dahan Han’s Kava’s gave him was not bad. Only the ‘Mat’ was most impressed in his mind."It turns out to be Matt. I didn't expect that after a month, we can meet in the Mountain of Warcraft.Lei is still very calmMatt was very excited: "This is really good. This month, in the Warcraft Mountains, I almost all became a World of Warcraft snack several times. Fortunately, life is big, hey, bloodthirsty pigs? Lin Lei, you killed a bloodthirsty warfare pig? AmazingLei smiled"I'm hungry. I hear people talking about bloodthirsty pig meat and bloodthirsty iron cattle meat. They all have a lot of energy. They chewed up. I haven't eaten yet for lunch. Don't you mind sharing my bloodthirsty pork?Matt said with a jokeThe Bloodthirsty Warfare is so big that there are definitely hundreds of catties in the whole body. I am afraid that ten people will eat enough."Of course I don't mindLei turned up to take out a short edge will have to dismember the bloodthirsty warfare pig"LEI Lei, without you, this bloodthirsty warfare pig is your loot, how can you make you busy, I come, my barbecue technology is very powerful"Speaking of Matt, he walked toward the bloodthirsty warfare pig while pulling out a short knife on his waist."Matt snatched the knife and easily began to dismember the bloodthirsty warfare pig, but he also separated all the limbs, tongue, and tail of the bloodthirsty warfare pig and washed it in the next stream."Boss, his technique is very skillful, and it doesn't seem worse than you."Shadow mouse" babe jumped on the shoulders of lei, soul voice saidLei turned to look at the cute little mouse ‘babe’ on the shoulder, but there was some sigh in the heart. The outside person saw such a black small mouse, I’m afraid it would be thought that it is just a normal black shadow mouse, there is not much threatActually, lei still remembers the horror scene of the shadowy mouse ‘babe’ under fury, killing the shadowy killer and killing the hypocritical little girl."People can't look like this."lei heart sighAnd that Matt had set up the grill very quickly at this time. He also took some coarse salt from the parcels on his body: "LEI, the thigh meat of the bloodthirsty warfare is absolutely strong, and the warfare's The tongue is tender and fragrant, and the pig's tail tastes good."Mouth said, Matt had already skillfully cut the pig's tongue and pig's tail into several parts."Looking at Matt's use of flint to ignite the wood, even if the lei will be the magic of the fire, has not been interfering with the side, watching Matt fast and constantly roastedAfter a long time"Almost, try it.Matt was very passionate about handing a pig thigh to lei.Lei but backhanded the pig thigh to the next bebe, babe immediately take over, eat upThe pig's thighs have to catch up with Babe's three or four sizes, but Babe just managed to keep the pig's thighs clean in a short while.This scene also made Matt stunned"Indeed is a World of Warcraft, and even Black Shadow rats can eat so much.Matt sighed, and handed a broiled pig's tongue to lei. "LEI, try my handiwork."Lei smiled and refused: "No, I'm not used to eating it, that thigh meat can beLei grabbed a pork thigh and ate it unscrupulously. Next to Matt, he laughed and said, "I don't force you. If you don't eat it, I will eat it.Matt enjoys slowly eating pig tongues and pig tailsWhen lei abdomened the whole pig's thigh, the cooked pigs next to Matt had not eaten in their thighs."Are you all finished? Haha, okay, it's half full now, this pig's thighs are hungry and eatMatt took a piece of tarpaulin from his parcel and wrapped the pig's thigh into the parcel.Lei saw a MattIt seems that this Matt wants to start with him"Matt, it's enough to try me in the Warcraft Mountains. Let's separate it.Lei directly said<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Matt immediately frowned and said: "LEI, this is very dangerous in the mountains of Warcraft, we are both in It is also safer to work togetherTo be honest, I’ve been scared for a month and I’m not even practical at night."" Then you casuallyLei no longer nonsense, one alone speeding forward in the mountains and forests, matt face smile immediately rushed up from the rear, but the eyes from time to time passing the parcel of the skin wrapped parcels, eyes crossed a glimmer of strange light"This parcel is not the same as the one backed by Lin Lei a month ago. It also has a lot of drums."Mart smiled in his heart, but his face became more graciousMatt is not a lei. He tried many times in other places before he entered the World of Warcraft.Matt took a quick step and said with a grin in his mouth. "LEI, you are so nice. I feel more at ease with you. After all, two people are stronger than one person. You can sleep at night when you sleep. You don’t need to be careful about it all night.Lei is silent, his eyes are blinking around, careful attention to World of Warcraft Warcraft... in the direction of the northeast of the Warcraft Mountains slowly forward, lei can not continue to face east, and then go eastward it is estimated to enter the dangerous area of ​​the mountains of warcraftNow the area where lei is located is generally also five levels and six levels of Warcraft.Matt is also on the way, and the whole person is happy.After two daysIn the evening, it was dark and lei and matt continued to march forward and backward."LEI, do you think we can go back? To tell you the truth, we are in the mountains of Warcraft for so long."Matt is on the road, whispering to leiLei just shook his head, but did not say anythingMatt also had some resentment in his heart: "This lei is very vigilant every night and there is no chance"Matt is not sure if he can kill the lei. After all, being able to stay in the mountains of Warcraft for so long is proof of his strength.""lei?" lei as if aware of it is very abruptly turned to look at the distant thorns in the bush, that thorns in the middle is a vague shadow hidden in itAnd walking next to Matt Matt, saw lei turned his back to himself, his eyes could not help showing a trace of greed, but also has a trace of excitementThe short knife in Matt's hands was very skillful, and he did not hesitate to slam at the back of LEI. LEI suddenly turned around. He grasped Matt's right-hand wrist with a short knife and looked at Matt with a cold look. It was cold and cold and said, "What are you doing?" "You--" Matt was surprised that Matt couldn't believe that he was attacking from behind, and the other side seemed to stop as if he could detect it.Matt immediately laughed and looked at lei: "What am I going to do? Great magician genius, I tell you, I'm going to kill you"Matt's self-confidence, the two close to the case, his five soldiers can not kill a five magician? Matt's right arm suddenly forced, vindictively buzzing, suddenly startled it will shake hands lei"Death!" Matt stared at Lin, staring at the lei"Oh ~~~" a terrifying voice, "What?" Matt heard that voice, the heart did not give a shudder, and then Matt saw a very small black shadow instantly appeared in front of his eyes"This, what is this?" When Matt was able to see this black shadow, that is, after all day giving Lin Lei's playful little shadow mouse 'Beibei', Xiao Ying rat has opened its mouth full of densely staggered teeth. Matt's face bites"No--" Matt immediately retreats back, with his head also sideways"Yeah!" The Shadow Mouse was faster than Matt imagined, and it was Matt that could dodge. The shadowed rat's right forepaw swiped and cut the neck of Matt's neck as much as a sharp sickle. , blood spewed out"Hey, ah ~ ~ ~" Covering the throat, Matt's eyes are like the bull's eye, looking at the shadowy mouse in disbelief with horror, his heart is full of surprise: "Black Shadow Mouse, is it a black shadow mouse?" At the moment of death, when the consciousness dissipated, Matt had some doubts and panic in his heart. For this shot, he had been preparing for a long time, but he did not care about the black shadow rat.Black Shadow Mouse, the weakest level in Shadow MouseBut at the moment of death, Matt knew that this seemingly cute little mouse was the scariest monster"Bang!" Matt's hands, covering her throat, finally fell down without power. The entire man fell down with no power. His blood stained his clothes and stained the ground.