Lei stood in front of Matt's body, watching for a moment just sighed and couldn't help but touched the position of the abdomenThere was also a wound here, and a wound that almost cost him his life."You're worse than Nina.Lei shook his head and sighed, this Matt did not actually have much friendship with him, also had a brief understanding on the way to come, brief understanding, is not enough to make lei trust himNot to mention ... ... experienced Nina that time, lei will be so easy to back to others? "Hey ~ ~ ~" Shadow Mouse "Bebe" this time Matt will also be behind the parcel to the over, but also eager to listen to the soul of the lei, "boss, open the look and see how many magic crystal nucleus Ah, the killer who wants to kill you this month, there is not a magic crystal nucleus in the package that catches up with the first killer."Drinkovt appears beside lei"lei, you raise this little mouse, like to count the magic crystal core"Drinkovt said with a smile"It seems a bitLei reached for the parcel to solve, and joke with babe, "bebe, this time you kill this man called Matt, it does not seem to use your sharp teeth, but use the pawWhy don't you use your best teeth? "Beibei stood upright and yelled proudly at the yell, and at the same time murmured:" The boss, my babe's strength can be severe, and my claws are no worse than my teeth."And this Matt is sinister, biting him and smudging my mouth"At the same time, Babe also deliberately pretending to be spikyA little mouse actually stands upright and spit on his mouth, and his eyes are too human, and lei laughs when he sees this scene."Well, hey, babe, you see, there are a lot of magic crystal nucleuses in this Matt package, there are more than a dozen, it seems that this month he was not idle.However, among the more than three dozen magic crystal cores, the best is also the five-level Warcraft crystal core.Lei careful statisticsIn the past thirty days, he killed World of Warcraft, or counterattacked and killed some people who wanted to kill him. The total number of magic crystal nucleus they got was more than 300, and the total price of more than 300 magic crystal nucleus, according to Lin Lei. The estimate should be around 40,000 gold coins! "Forty thousand gold coins, if the father knows, then ..." thought to send 40,000 gold coins to his father, the father's reaction, lei felt a burst of joy"You can harvest so much and it's normal"Drinkingwater said next to him," Among your more than 300 magic crystal nucleus, except for the fact that nearly 50 of them were killed by your own World of Warcraft, others were obtained from the packages of some killers.Lei noddedThe first one wanted to kill his own killer and brought him a full fifteen thousand gold coins. The other killers added a little more than the first killer."The Mountain of Warcraft is very dangerous, so entering the Mountains of Warcraft is generally a good number of people joining hands together.The killer generally does not attack a group of people because the killer is best at killing enemies in an instant.So killers usually start with a single person."Drincowwater suddenly laughed, and the white beard was up." lei, you look at you, do not look at your long people tall and tall, but still exist on the face of childlike, as well as lips Villie shows one thing - "" You are still a teenager! "Drincowwater laughed and laughed." lei, in the north of Warcraft's big mountains of Warcraft, you say that the killer found a face with a childish juvenile alone trial, they will not let you? So, just a month, you met several killers."" Those who come together to call friends may not touch a single killer in a month.Of course, when we enter the World of Warcraft, those five people are exceptions.One is that they are not strong enough, and the other is that the killer is too strong, but the killer finally lost his life in the hands of Bebe."<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> lei also smiled and noddedI was only fifteen this year. Although my body has one meter eighteen, but as long as a little bit of vision, it can be seen that lei is only a teenager.“General five-level and six-level magicians can only get a few thousand gold coins in one month in the Mountain of Warcraft.And these thousand gold coins are still desperately exchanged, after all, it is too dangerous in the Warcraft Mountains."Drinkingwater sighed and saidLei nodded in agreement: "is very dangerous, I have been trials in the outer region until now, encountered Warcraft up to six World of Warcraft, but there are several times are injured, if not the ring of dragons, if not I was both wind The two-line magician is me or a fourth-level warrior. If I don't have a babe, I’m afraid I’m alone already"Looking at the little mouse "bebe", babe is playing with the nucleus of warcraft at this timeCalm the mood, lei will be a good collection of those Warcraft nucleus, and then with the shadow of the mouse again set off, continue the trial journey of the mountains of WarcraftAfter all, according to lei's original plan, but ready to spend two months in the mountains of warcraft... ... Every day, lei are killing with World of Warcraft, magic with the soldiers attack more sophisticated, the actual experience of the ground system, the wind of the magic is also more abundant, and the probability of lei injury is also less and less, Of course, as lei can not help but slightly approaching the core area of ​​the mountains of warcraft, the number of six warcraft is even more, and lei is even more vigilant every dayIn lei entered the forty-sixth day of the mountain of warcraft"Oh ~ ~ ~" calm lake suddenly rippled, I saw a shadow came out from the bottom of the lake, it is lei, lei wiped the body with a clothXiao Yingmo's ‘bebe’ watched Lin’e on the shore with a lot of envy. “吱吱” slams and leaps directly into the lake.Lei saw this scene just smiled and then continued to bathe"Haha, don't make trouble, babe, don't make troubleLei suddenly couldn't help laughing"Original boss, you are afraid of tickling"Small shadow mouse leaps excitedly from the lake, Wu Yi's eyes pass a glimmer of proud colorLei smiled and went on the shore, took a set of clean clothes from the parcel to change it up, put on a clean clothes after the bath really fresh and comfortable veryThen lei washed the original dirty clothes on the lakeside, and then it was cold on the branches next to it. LEI leapt to the tree trunk of another big tree and lay down halfway to watch the little mouse. Pui' frolics in the lake waterI saw 'Babe' jumping out of the water for a moment. He rushed to the bottom of the water for a while, and then rushed to the surface of the lake for a while. "Pang!" "Pang!" "Pang!" "Pang!" The ground suddenly appeared. A slight vibration sound, and listening to the rhythm of the vibration is like the rhythm of the pace, lei could not help but startled, directly to the source of the sound - the southern hundred meters away, I saw a tall and fuzzy shadow appeared in the south of the lake In the jungle, only for a while, lei clearly saw the goalIt is a two-story tall body, a large red-red scale armor like a shield, and a massive scale-covered limb, especially a tail that is full of more than half its length, like a whip. It is as flexible and fast as it is. It is the size of a lantern, and the strange red eyes like ruby ​​are staring at the lake. There is also a sulphur-like white air current that blows from the nostrils.Lei as if the whole person was stepped on the tail of the cat, the body suddenly nervous, excited up"Raptor, 7th-level Warcraft 'Raptor!'"