Lei from small to large, and really made him interested in 'warcraft' is the childhood time to see the raptor, that raptor showed its terrible strength, in wushanzhen, raptor is simply invincible Existence, a room was destroyed one after another, that kind of terrible power ... so that the hearts of Lin Lei shockedWhen he was eight years old, lei was only a child. Now he is fifteen-year-old and he is already a five-level double magician."Boss, boss, it's mine!!!" The voice of the mouse and ‘bebe’ excited in lei’s headLei looked toward the lake, I saw this time the shadow mouse' babe' hair as a steel needle upright, and even the body's muscles are "squeaky" bulging together, and that claws, head also began to change The big, originally only 20 centimeters long shadow mouse 'beibei', turned into roughly half a meter longThe half-meter-long volume is the maximum limit of the change in the phantom mouse ‘bebe’.Even so, the half-meter long shadow rat can only be considered small in front of the huge Raptor.The Raptor was like the eyes of a red lantern, and his cold eyes were locked on the little mouse 'Babe', sneezing angrily, and snoring in the mountains.The shadow mouse ‘babe’ is equally head-shaking, making a harsh wailing noise.Low noise and wailing soundStanding on the shore of the lake and watching the scene of the scene, lei suddenly felt that the Raptor and Shadow Mouse were like two close opponents facing each other."Hey ~~~" suddenly shoutedSuddenly the flames of the sky blew out from the mouth of the Raptor, and suddenly they were filled with tens of meters of space in front of them. The lake immediately issued a "click" sound, the lake water was continuously evaporated, and then the flame-covered 'Babe' was motionless. , let fireIn the flames, beibei body without loss“Bebe’s body is not big, but the physical defense is very strong. This is similar to the flame power of the fifty-six magic, and it can’t hurt Babe."Lin Lei quietly watching this sceneInto the Mountain of Warcraft for so long, Babe has not encountered the real rival can not be satisfied with killingThe beibei, which was burnt by the flames, suddenly moved! The wailing sound of the "Oh ~~" terror sounded, 'Babe' turned into a black afterimage and rushed directly at the Raptor. The swift and violent Red Dragons that had been blaming the flames were suddenly surprised by the red light of the two strange eyes. At the same time, the dragon, like a whip, crossed the skyThe rapidity of the Raptor's tail moves close to the action of the Shadow Mouse"Beh!" babe limping trajectory is very different, even around the fast dragon's fastest dragon tail, directly bite into the neck of the raptor, raptor immediately turned quickly open the bloody mouth to want to face' Babe's bite pastThen Bebe's speed was much faster, he bit a bite in his neck, and he only heard a squeak, and the thick scale of the Raptor's neck was bitten off, even by Bebeton. Into the stomachBabe, however, eats hard materials such as stones and bones.At this time, the dragon tail also smoked over, "Oh!" The tail of the dragon speed ** that crisp sound makes lei scalp tingling, and this time Babe had already opened it again"The skin of this Raptor's neck is thick and thick. Babe took a bite and it just gave it a little bit of a wound.Lei breathed and watched this battle of two different size of the World of Warcraft slash, "this tyrannosaurus's tail is too strange to change, even when the direction of the road can also be a sharp turn"The Dragon Tail of the Velociraptor is not only fast but also very different in direction."Hey ~ ~" Bebe complete to a black residual image, from the bottom of the water out of the water, once again escaped the tail, but he just escaped, that the original tail of the tail running direction suddenly changed, that Longtaili remote Pulled in the opposite direction, slouching on Bebe's bodyBlack afterglow is drawn into the depths of the distant forest"bebe!" lei heart a tightBut the Raptor is on the verge of looking at the depths of the woods, but the shadowed mouse "Bebe" suddenly dive from the high end of a big tree, and the Dragon Tail of the Raptor suddenly blew it away. A loss, this time can also change direction by flicking the tail of his own shadow mouseThe shadow of the shadow rat, dragon tail afterglow! Two afterimages chased each other. The shadowed mouse was sometimes flung away from the dragon's tail, but the shadowed mouse also bite a bite on the raptor and smashed from the lake to the jungle. The trees in the forest were successively given by the dragon's tail. Suddenly, it collapsed, and the killing of the Shadow Mouse and the Raptor did not stop.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>" Looks like babe seems to take advantageLei nervously looked at the scene, this time the raptor's large body has seventy-eight parts of the scales have been lived and bite a hole, the blood continued to flow, the whole raptor blood that seventy-eight wounded red Most of the Raptor's body, the screaming raging of the Raptor continued to ring.The Dragon Tail of the Velociraptor suddenly slammed. As long as it swung across, the trees would be cut off directly, and the big trees would collapse. The forests in the hundreds of meters where both men fought were destroyed."Beibei, however, was drawn by the tail of the dragon. Can it stand it?" Lin Lei also worried about his heart. Long Wei's attack was too strong. The stone was cracked on the stone, and the big tree broke on the big tree. That kind of attack power lei are looking at the coldLei believes that as long as he is smashed, it is estimated that his life will be gone“Call!” Babe was once again pumped, but in a flash, Bebe became a shadow and screamed with anger.At this time, the Raptor was bloodied with red blood, and the whole body was full of wounds. It was very miserable."Yeah!" Raptor soon roared and even turned away, and quickly ran deep into the mountains, but for a moment the huge body of the Raptor disappeared within the scope of lei, and 'bebe' hunted after some distance. I ran backLei jumped from the tree hut, and the shadow mouse ‘bebe’ also ran from a distance, and the size was reduced to the original"bebe, are you okay?" lei immediately asked the soul exchangeBebe jumped to the lei shoulders, standing upright on the hind legs, head proudly looked at the lei glaring Wuyou Liu's eyes: "boss, my babe is what Warcraft? Also afraid of its fast dragon?" proud of feelings all over Babe's cute little faceSuddenly Bessie licked his mouth and said: "But the raptor's tail is really scary."Learning this scene, lei laughed too. The raptor's tail was more than enough. It was very embarrassing. Bebe could withstand so many attacks without too much injury. LEI was already very happy.""This Raptor's scales and skins are really thick enough. I have grown to the limit. I still bite and not wear his flesh.Babe exclaimed. "But, as long as we persist, my babe can make him live and bleed to death, but the raptor is also very cramped, and the muscles of the whole body will not allow me to bite in the same one." Wound siteLei secretly smiledLevel 6 to Level 7, it is a watershed, no matter whether it is attack or otherThe wisdom of the Raptor may not be much worse than humans. How could it make the Shadow Mouse bite in the same wound again? The Raptor skin is thick, but in the same place it can't help but behave like a ‘beef”. This Raptor is also aware that if you continue fighting, I’m afraid that I’m afraid I’ll be able to escape quickly."Bebe, would you like to compare with Warcraft 8?"Babe small eyes suddenly smirked: "Boss, you do not play me, just seven World of Warcraft put me exhausted, I heard that the eighth-level Warcraft is ten times the power of seven Warcraft, eight World of Warcraft speed Maybe less than me, but the attack speed of the eighth-level Warcraft, I am afraid to exceed me"Moving speed and attack speed, that are two conceptsLike the Raptor, moving up, I am afraid that the speed is much slower, but its tail swings amazingly fastSome large-scale World of Warcraft do not watch it move slowly, but the moment of real attack is lightning fast! After all, it can be called Level 8 Warcraft, which is definitely not comparable to Warcraft 7"I still know modestyLei smiled and touched beibei's head. "Well, my clothes are drying soon. Let's go to the tree for a short break, then eat something and wait for a while to continue.""At the foot of lei's feet, the whole person leaps up to a height of seven or eight meters, and then easily makes a few consecutive points, and then he leans against the sapwood and rests on the tree twigs twenty or thirty meters high."