Stepping into the fiftieth day of the Warcraft Mountains"These killers think I'm bullied?" lei watched the death of a black woman body, the strength of this black woman is also about five soldiers, is lei one rely on magic aid, will this woman to kill diedDelin Kewotte laughed: "Just look at you a few times, you can tell that you are only a teenager, a man who does not know the sky high and walking alone in the mountains of Warcraft, who do not want to come and kill you cheap?" lei heart helplessI was only fifteen this year. Although I was catching up with an adult, I was still childish."This woman gave me a bit of death. She was a little more scared. It was a pity that my clothes were destroyed. Now I only have the last one left.Lei looked at the clothes she was tearing openOn this road, lei has got a few sets of clothes from some killers, but in the mountains of Warcraft is the most damaged clothing"The boss, the crystal nucleus in this killer's parcel, is also worth thousands of gold coins. Can a piece of clothing cost thousands of gold coins?" Bebe retortedLei heard this, laughedMore than a month into the mountains of Warcraft, the body's scars are more and more, but the same package of magic crystal core is also more and more"Forget it, the upper body is not dressed, the only set of clothes left to wear, in the mountains of Warcraft no one sees anywayLei just flung this tattered dress, squeezing directly into the upper body, holding on to the black short blade to move onThis handle black short blade, in these days also gave lei no small helpWalking for some distance, lei is naturally meditation magic spell, while a breeze with lei as the center dispersed in all directions, it is 'exploration of the wind', two or three hundred meters range of Warcraft or people, simply can not escape the lei DetectionLei generally will be cautiously used every time it moves a long distance to use the 'wind of detection', when lei walks for a while, once again to display 'wind of exploration' - 'hey, a group of people? that group of people hiding in the tree What do you do?" lei doubted in mindAt this time, the one hundred meters south of LEI was extremely stout. It was estimated that it took seven or eight people to embrace the old trees that were not known for many years. There were more than a dozen people hiding in it. Curiosity caused lei to creep into the past.A very slow and careful approach. When lei enters a tangle of bushes, he can only see more than a dozen people on the ancient tree more than 30 meters away.More than a dozen people, each is a set of black clothes, waist has a black short edge at the same time"Black short blade?" lei eyes condensed in one of the black short bladeWhether it is style or color, with the black short edge of the lei own hands exactly the same, at the same time that dozen people hiding in the old trees to lei is also gloomy, with the first lei encountered the first Killers are very similar"All black clothes, all black short blades, and -" LEI also found that a dozen people have a slight bulge on the backLei can not help but remember that the original killer was to stick the parcel tightly on the body, is inside the clothesAt that time, Babe teared the back of the killer and found the package."They are the same organizationThe fool can also see this time<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The lei's heartbeat speed has accelerated somewhat, but this time there are a dozen black men on this ancient tree. Still talking in a whisper"How come the 18th and the 7th haven't arrived yet?" one of the black men said dissatisfiedly."If you die, you may not know"A black man said indifferently"According to time, until dark, if they haven't arrived in the dark, whether they are dead or alive, they are considered to have failed."One of the black men said bluntly, and the other black people heard that the black man was silent.Lei hidden in the wild grass also guessed out, this is probably the black man who talks is the squad leader, lei secretly scared: "The killer that was going to kill me is to cultivate the dark attribute vindictive six soldiers, that Maybe this squad leader is stronger?"Lee immediately will retreat, but lei has just retreatedThe black man in the voice suddenly frowned and his eyes suddenly turned to the lei"Yeah!" At the same time a black streamer shot to the position of lei, lei was scared, his heart is to understand: "exposed!" this time the wind system assisted magic 'speed' immediately instant, lei immediately with the fastest The speed rushed in the depths of the forest of WarcraftIn lei's view, the more the depth of the World of Warcraft forest is even more dangerous, the other side may be because they run to the depths of the forest of Warcraft, and there are taboos do not killLei is also planning to go to the depths and run for a few miles to escape in the other directionThe black man saw the package on Lin Lei's back and the black short blade in his hand. His face changed."No. 2 to solve himThe commander of the black men commandedThe more the number is on the front, the stronger the strength is. From the evasion response of Lin Lei, the leader of the black master judges the strength of the lei."Yes, adults"One of the black men immediately swooped down from the big tree and chased him at an incredible pace.However, lei has always had a distance with them.The two begin to have 70 to 80 metersHowever, this black man is really fast. It seems to be faster than the first killer to kill lei."Good amazing speedLei flexibly shuttled in the mountains, sometimes climbing, sometimes jumpingBehind the black people are chasing coldly and chasing, the distance between the two people quickly shortened, 60 meters, 50 meters, 40 meters, 30 meters ... lei more escape, the killer behind is More recentTen meters, nine meters, eight meters, seven meters! Lei looks like he doesn't want to choose the road, but only rushed to the depths of the mountains of warcraft"Auxiliary magic in the wind system?" Black people can see that lei is assisting the magic of the display of the wind system, "showing the wind system auxiliary magic, the speed is still so slow, it appears that is a four-level warrior, up to four peaks"The hearts of black people have full confidence in the killing of lei, the two are close to each otherLei panicked on the surface, but it was very calm inside"Almost ran a few miles, and the dozen killers in the distance noticed so far."lei has been panic in the eyes of the lei has flashed a trace of chilly, but at the same time has been on the shoulders of lei seems to be afraid of the shadowy 'babe' suddenly moved - call! black shadow mouse in the pupil of the black people zoom in, almost Immediately in front of the black people, black people can also see the black teeth that sharp teeth