Only black people who were four or five meters away from Lin Lei had never left the Black Shadow Mouse in their eyes. But at this time, the originally indifferent heart suddenly panicked: "What is this speed?" The black man swung out black quickly. Short edgeObviously this black man is stronger than the first killer who is about to kill the lei. At least he faced the black shadow mouse and had no time to wield a short blade."call!" babe's sharp claws flew"Bang!" Bebe's paws collided violently with the black short blade, the black short blade sharply burst open, and Bebe's claws immediately pressed against the black man's head was a sharp grasp, direct grasp The black man's head was broken and the tragic death on the spot"Six and seven, the gap is too bigLei sighs in seeing this sceneHowever, Bebe, even the seven-level Warcraft ‘rapid dragon’ played in the escape of the scary shadow mouse, with Bebe’s sharp teeth and sharp claws, killing a six-level warrior is as simple as eating."Hey ~ ~" lei quickly ran over and tore the black man's back, grabbed the black parcel directly, ignoring the other heads and headed to the north to escape, lei at the foot of the wind, the people elegant and flexible, mountain forests Between the almost no visible traces of lei escapeAfter a while, a group of black people finally arrived here, watching the scars on the dead body of No. 2 and the black leader's brows were locked."Warcraft?" Black people's mind suddenly emerged a lot of Warcraft, "is the six blue shadow mouse? Or seven purple shadow mouse? Or seven golden stone rats?" This small claw marks, it is estimated Only rats of WarcraftIn the Warcraft Mountains, it is said that the most frightening is the encounter of the eight-level nine World of Warcraft, some people say that it is met with terrifying Warcraft Wolves, but in the hearts of people in the black, encounter the group of stone rats, or encountered Shadow rats, that’s the horrorStone rats, strong defense, sharp teeth, clawsShadow mouse, fast, sharp teeth and clawsThousands of shadow rats or phagozoans are rushing out. Not to mention their dozen killers. An army may be swallowed clean."We go back!" without hesitation, the leader of the black man issued an order******* high mountains, rugged rocks, lei has ran into a peak this time, ran a hundred miles in one breath, lei believe that the other is not even chasing after chasing their own"Boss, look at what's in the parcel?" Bebe urged the road this time.Lei also have some expectations in mind, the more powerful killer is generally wrapped in the more magic crystal core, the original killer left his magic crystal nucleus and magic spar nearly fifteen thousand gold coins, do not know this How much is the killer called No. 2 left to himself?Opened the parcel"More two sets of clean clothesLei glanced at the clothes in the parcel, and then took out a bag of bulging bags from the mezzanine, which was more than a month before the start of the killer in the mountains of warcraft, strength and strong Some, so - lei looked at the magic crystal nucleus in the bag and couldn't help sucking cool air"So much, and most of them are five magic crystal cores, there are a lot of six magic crystal core"often get the magic crystal nucleus, lei has been able to do only from the magic crystal nucleus color to determine the level of the magic crystal nucleus, and then lei immediately began to carefully calculate"Six magic crystal cores, five magic crystal nucleus 56 pieces, there are four magic crystal nucleus, and seven magic crystal sparThe value is roughly calculated, but also over 20,000 gold coinsPlus the previous 50,000 gold coinsThere are also 70,000 gold coinsLei counted their own gains, can not help sucking coolSeventy thousand gold coins! This wealth is placed in front of his father. It is estimated that his father will be shaken.Fifty-one days into the Mountains of Warcraft, two killers who belonged to the same organization gave them 35,000 gold coins, and there were more than a month to kill other killers, adding up to 30,000 gold coins.More than one month to kill WoW to earn five thousand gold coins<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Delingkowt also came out of the dragon ring at this time, and smiled and looked at the image of lei."I finally felt that why many people in the Warcraft Mountains like to assassinate people, they only worked hard for a month and only a few thousand gold coins, killing others can get everyone a month or two harvestLei put the two magic crystal core bags in their own parcels, and the original parcel was thrown into the weeds."The 70,000 gold coins, only 5,000 gold coins were won by me on my own. Others were all obtained from the killers.Lei shook his head and sighedDeling Kewater smiled with a white beard and said: "It looks like you are old, but it has helped you a lot. If it is not for you to mature, it is estimated that there will not be so many killers to take you down.""Ha haLei could not help laughing"Grandpa Delin, just listening to the killer squadron's staff, it seems that entering the World of Warcraft is their test?" lei some doubtsDrinkovt smiled indifferently: "LEI Li, Magnolia, any one of the continent's forces that can stand on the mainland for a long time has its own force, and the force is to train it. It will send its own troops to the Mountain of Warcraft training. Organizations often doLei nodded"LEI, you have a lot of forces on this continent that you don't know about. Actually... I don't know. Five thousand years ago, the power of the era of Pu'ang Empire may have long since fallen.“Drincowwater said with a smileLei did not ask any more, at this time lei felt a pressure, magnolia mainland is more complicated than he imagined ahFinished the parcel, lei put on a set of carapace to carry forward the package on the back, the entire man flexibly forward in the mountains and forests, and sometimes skip the rocks, sometimes climbing trees, all the way forward, but when lei over a mountain Time - this mountain is hundreds of miles long. There are many trees on the mountain. LEI is standing on the edge of the cliff at this time. If LEI needs to go to the opposite cliff, it needs to fly a distance of several hundred meters."What a wonderful canyonLei found that the cliffs on both sides of the canyon were closer to each other and the closer they were to each other, the lei ran along the cliff toward the edge. The more it ran to the side, the closer it was to the opposite cliff, and when it ran After five miles, the cliffs on these two sides are only one meter away."This is the case here, is it the other side?" lei one foot on the side of the cliff, the other foot in another cliffLooking toward the other end of the canyon, it seems that the two cliffs are connected together in the distance."Strange, strange"LEI has had days in the mountains of Warcraft, but it's so strange that two cliffs haven't really seen it."Lei looked down and saw this canyon full of misty white fog, vaguely unclear what is inside"Unfathomable"Lee is very curious in mind, but for the fog is full of canyon heart has a slight vigilanceWhile walking along the edge of the canyon cliffs and looking down, lei seemed to want to find out through the two eyes what was going on in the depths of the misty canyon. Apart from the two cliffs connected at both ends, lin lei has a strange difference. The placeThe lower the fog canyon, the farther away the cliffs on both sides areFor example, the two cliffs above are only a few hundred meters away, but the distance between the two cliffs below may be several kilometers, or even tens of miles."Ah? That's..." The entire ray seemed to be in a thunderbolt. The whole person carefully looked at the small grass that loomed in the fog above and below the cliff. The grass grew on the precipice. Green, but this grass itself has a faint blue halo circulation"Blue, blue heart grass, is blue heart grass!" Memories in the Ernst College Library's plant images and descriptions, lei's eyes are getting brighter and brighter, that grass that grows on the precipice is offsetting' Live Dragon Blood's rare and rare medicinal herbs - blue heart grass