"Dragon Blood Code" wants to practice, must lead to the blood of the dragon blood warriors in the body, but to lead the blood of the Dragon Blood Warrior in vivo only two methods, first, the blood of the Dragon Blood Warrior in the body reaches the most basic boundaries, the second is the pain Drink dragon blood to motivateAnd it is very dangerous to eat dragon bloodIt is terribly painful to drown the blood of the dragon's blood, let alone drank it.Then everything in the world falls one thing. Lanxincao is the best plant to match live dragon blood. However, Lanxincao is extremely precious, and lei has also inquired about the price.A blue heart grass worth tens of thousands of gold coins, or there is no market priceAnd Drinkovt said at the beginning: "The blood of a dragon is overbearing. It's not enough to have a bluegrass. If you drink more dragon blood, you need more bluegrass."A blue heart grass is so expensive, lei buy it? I am afraid that they earn more than 70,000 gold coins, can only buy a blue heart grass"Blue Heart Grass, Blue Heart Grass, Old Innocent Care for Me"lei heart burst of joyLei leap force, suddenly leapt straight jumped more than ten meters fell on the opposite cliff, and then immediately meditation magic spell, just a moment lei body was wrapped in wind elements, while the body is surrounded by airWind System Five Magic - FloatationLei can only make the body floating but can not fly, floating just can straight up and down, lei step forward, the people standing volley above the canyon, and then lei slowly began to decline, and gradually deep into the fog canyonBabe admiredly stood on the shoulders of lei along with lei deep in, beibei although strong but can not flyHe is not a World of Warcraft flying class, so it is only possible to fly to break into a sanctuary.The fog in the misty canyon is full of tumbling white fog. As it deepens, lei also finds that the distance between the two cliffs is getting farther and farther. At this moment, Lin Lei has already flown to the blue heart grass next to it."Blue heart grass, green leaves green, vaguely has a blue glow flow, blue heart grass to start cold, grass leaf tear meeting with aquamarine liquid, the entrance is refreshingLei still remember the most basic sentences in the interpretation of blue heart grass in Ernst college libraryLooking at the blue heart grass growing on the precipice, undulating blue heart grass in the breeze, lei took a deep breath, and carefully pulled out the blue heart grass."Sure, coldLei grabbed the blue grass and felt this blue heart grass just like the ice, immediately put this blue heart grass into the package behind, and then carefully looked in all directions, "I don't know if there is no blue heart grass!" "You can grow a blue heart grass, you can grow a second cast blue heart grassUnder the floating technique, lei the whole person carefully and slowly down towards the bottom, at the same time lei also tried to look down, the white mist rolling around, everything is vague, lei also vaguely see this cliff cliff with wandering man"Great!" Flying further down, LEI discovered how wide the area below the canyon was. The maximum distance between the two sides of the canyon was also several hundred meters. Now, LEI is sure that the cliffs on both sides are at least a few kilometers away. Far away because he has been flying near the cliffThe angle of the cliff alone and the distance you fly can be inferred"Hey ~ ~ ~" "Hey ~ ~ ~" a variety of low-pitched squeaks sounded occasionally in the following, and the direction of the sound is still different, and at least listen to the sound of Warcraft at least 100, lei could not help but a trembling: "World of Warcraft, below There are a lot of Warcraft!" lei is easy to judge from the sound aloneLei can not help close to the stone wall, but also grasping those Fujiman, carefully and slowly decline<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Boss, I feel dangerous” Bebe suddenly said to the soul exchange of leiLei also feel the heart mentioned the eyes of riffraff, the more down below the voice of Warcraft more and more clear, those humming low and powerful, it is certainly the voice of those large-scale warcraft, and generally no large-scale warcraft is not weakThe powerful World of Warcraft is not necessarily large, it can be huge in size, and it must be strong."Blue Heart Grass!" Suddenly lei saw a blue heart grass growing on a stone wall in the distance. The blue heart grass was full of green plants such as Fujiman. LEI was not a timid person. See the blue heart grass, lei climbed the vines with both hands, control their suspension in the pastHowever, lei did not notice anything at this time. Among the green rattan plants around the blue heart grass, there was a huge green viper with more than 20 meters in length and surrounded by two people. The giant green viper surfaced in it. It is also surrounded by Fujiman, plus it is green in itself. In the faint fog, lei never discovered such a giant python.With the decline, lei is getting closer to blue heart grass"Boss, be careful, is the World of Warcraft python!" Bebe suddenly soul voice eager"Viper?" lei heart a trembleMost of the snakes are very strong Warcraft, even the weakest Delta Viper is also six World of Warcraft, lei immediately carefully observe the front carefully, at the moment LEI from the green giant viper is also less than a hundred meters away from the distance, so carefully observed that suddenly found Such a giant python"call!" lei suck coolThere are two or three meters long enough, and that is like a giant body of a water tank, which makes Lin Lei shudder in his heart: "The green python, the seventh-grade Warcraft, the green python"Lei heart suddenly appeared on the message of the green giantLei also knows why this gorge has so much white fog at this time"Water misting is only a magical water system. The water system's seven-stage World of Warcraft's Green Grasshopper' can form endless white water mist around it. This canyon is so full of such thick white fog that it is definitely more than a green pattern. Giant cockroachLei suddenly inferredThe bottom of the canyon is tens of miles wide, and there are tens of miles deep. Such a large valley is completely flooded with white fog.It can be imagined how many green giants there areThe green giant dragonfly hidden in the green plants on the cliff suddenly moved, and the huge head towards LEI. The chilling eyes of the dagger were even staring at the lei's horror call. The sound from the green giant quail sounds, while the green giant python flies"Hey ~ ~" "Hey ~ ~" "Hey ~ ~ ~" ... ... the entire valley in one after another sounded a variety of World of Warcraft cry, while there is a heavy speed running sound, LEI swept away to see the bottom ten A few giant reptiles have arrived, and these dozens are still only a few parts. Warcraft covered by white fog has more."Go!" In the face of the green-grass attack, lei is only flying at an extremely high speed, controlling the wind elemental forces. When the levitation force is far more than the weight, the whole person will fly at a very fast speed upwards. When in flight, lei It has been seen that from another direction, there is also a green giant python who speeds along the cliff. The cold eyes of the forest are still staring at the lei, and the 'Hehe~~' screaming ceaselessly.“嘎嘎~~~” The sharp crowing sounded and I saw dozens of huge birds at the bottom of the canyon."Wing bird dragon, is wing bird dragon!" lei face brush is white