The black ring is rolling down to the thresholdWhen lei walked three or four steps, approaching the threshold position, the whole person stopped suddenly, because lei very clearly felt that his feet stepped on something like a relatively large stone“When I just checked, there was no stone near the threshold. It should be a piece of broken wooden block.Lei thought of that collapsed broken wood frame, my heart could not help but raise a grievance, slammed down with his feet stepped on the feet of the 'wood pieces'According to lei's conjecture, if it is to rotten wood blocks, one step should be able to step into crushed, but - "Oh, so hard? What is the foot?" lei feel things at his feet is not an ordinary hard, immediately lifted Feet look carefullyI saw something like a ring that was still like a ring, lying still on the ground, covered with a layer of dust, and it was inconspicuous."Ah, is the ring?" lei eyes, but the thief is very, pleased to put the black ring on the ground to pick up, and then use the already dirty sleeves against the black ring hard to wipe a few times, after that, leilei Obviously, this is similar to the true appearance of black ring items.The body is dark and the material looks like wood and it is like a stone.This black ring, the whole body is a wooden-like material, in the ring ring is also carved a very vaguely twisted thing - "Huh?" lei puzzled look at the ring ring sculptureAt first glance, lei thought that the 'twisted strip' wasLei smiled and said to himself: "This level of sculpting is really bad. It's estimated that the individual's sculpting level will be higher than him.Oh, it's a pity that there isn't even a precious ‘diamond’ on this black ring, let alone a more precious magic spar."The general ring is a diamond, or a magic sparUnfortunately, this black ring, the whole body is just a dark wood like a stone material, even the shadow of diamonds, magic spar can not seeObviously worthlessDo not know why, lei saw this black ring, I feel like this black ringIt is also estimated that this is the reason why he has spent so much energy trying to find a treasure in the ancient house."Well, this ring is a bit rougher than my fingers and I can't put it on my hands...find the root wire and pick it up,Lei eyes brightSuch as this year's eight-year-old lei, the hands are much smaller than adults, unable to wear this black ring"As for the black ring, what's the name? The ring? No, it's too hard to hear.Lei lei sinking for a moment, her eyes light up, "hey, that distorted thing can also be ‘long’The dragon climbs on the ring and is called... Panlong, Panlong ring! "Although lei thinks that the distorted things are more like embarrassment, he is still known as the Panlong Ring.""Panlong ring!" lei raised this dark and simple Panlong ring, laughing extra brightBecause of the family's economic difficulties, this is the first chest drop from lei to large lei, especially this chest or lin lee their own effort to find, lei can not help but more like it"Oh, no, it's time for training in the evening.Lei suddenly awakened, in a hurry, look at himself, full of dust and dirty, like a pimple, "poorLei couldn't think too much, immediately ran out of the old house, and then went directly to the bath room<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Oh!" lei rushed directly on the body, lei body skin appears healthy wheat color, body There has been a very beautiful muscle line, this is the result of lei exercise, under the rush of water, the body's dust is also quickly washed away, rinse the body with the fastest speed, and then quickly replaced A set of training clothing"The silk thread, the silk thread -" lei eagerly looks for the silk thread used to wear the "Dragon Ring". Suddenly lei sees himself in a linen cloth that has been broken. It doesn't light up his eyes and he draws a thin threadBurlap, although common, but durableThis linen is also very strongQuickly wear the Panlong ring, and then wear it directly on the chest"Be late, and be late for the first time.Lei rushed toward the house, while running, while this "panlong chest drop" directly in the clothes a plug, chest felt the cold dragon Panxuan, LEI feel happy togetherOne late, but in exchange for a Panlong ringLei feel very happyLei suddenly took out the gates of the Baruch family residence and then ran directly to the open space on the eastern side of Wushan Town. On the streets of Wushan Town, many civilians who had been working for a day had already come back and saw lei running fast. Guess the reason"Master Lin, don't worry, don't fall"" Hillman adults are very strict, young lei is afraid to be punished"... The friendly treatment of civilians by the Baruch family also made civilians very fond of lei.""Uncle Hillman, how will punish me?" When running at a high speed, lei is still thinking about it, this time, lei can't wait to talk to the uncle next to us.Just a moment, lei went to the open space on the eastern side of Wushan Town.At this time, the three teams were all focused. Hillman was talking and heard lei's footsteps. Hillman's sullen eyes could not help but shoot over.Linde ran to the side of the team and stood still. He could not help but wait for Hillman to speak."Today's training mission, double the penalty, return to the teamHillman said lightly"Yes!" lei raised his chest and called for lifeThe youngsters next to them couldn’t help but secretly whisper. They just doubled the penalty later. It seems that today, LEI is having time to go back for dinner.Just as lei ran toward his position in the team, suddenly - "boom!" The whole earth actually had faint vibrations, and the vibration was still very rhythmic, just as if a giant was walking in one step and walking to cause earth. Like shaking"East, east passLei suddenly identified the directionNot only lei, but even Hillman, Lori, Roger and others looked very seriously toward the east. The ground vibrations became clearer and clearer. All the teenagers felt that the rhythm of the vibration was definitely a huge object. Advance hereThat shakes the footsteps of the ground. Every time it shakes, it feels like it's lying on the heart of lei.What is the monster? Lei eyes wide open, staring at the east