More than a dozen birds whose size was a few times larger than the gryphon quickly caught up with it. Lin Lei immediately passed through the ring of dragons and tried to achieve the fastest speed of its own. At the same time, the mouth began to meditation from the 'Guardian of the Earth.'铠's magic spell"Call!" Only the strong winds, lei has already thrown the green giant scorpion away, but the speed of the winged bird dragon is very fast, and their distance is getting closer, when lei fly to the canyon cliffs At the time, more than a dozen winged bird dragons rushed directly to recover and continue to kill lei.Lei leaps and runs across the mountains, but with two legs faster, how can you compare the speed of the wing bird flying?"Oh ~~~" Wing bird squealedThe wings of the winged bird dragon spread over 20 meters. The dozen or so wings of the bird's wings all spread their wings and almost covered the sky over the lei. LEI only felt that the whole area was dark and the dozens of winged bird dragons immediately swooped down. At the same time, more than a dozen birds had blazing flames in the dragon's mouth, and the surrounding trees suddenly burned.Lei’s Guardian of the Earth’s Guardian Circulation protects lei throughout the body“嗤嗤~~” The flame burns on the surface of the earth, and the earth forms of the rock form protect the surface of the holy earth.Among the dragons, the Winged Dragons and the Dragons are among the lowest levels of the dragons, but even the weakest Dragons, they are also six.In particular, dragons and birds are all social groups.More than a dozen Six World of Warcraft attacks from the air, that is, seven soldiers have to escapeMore than a dozen winged bird dragon dive down - "Oh!" The winged bird's claw is a paw in the earth's guardian shrine, and the earth guards the shrine and trembles. The golden light on the surface flashes slightly. Get up"Can not hard resistance!" lei was scared by this claw's attack power, the entire person immediately and quickly desperately limping in the mountains and forests, dedicated to the road where the hard to goSwooping, jumping, climbing ... ... lei completely desperate at this time, and that more than a dozen wings of the bird is rushing to fight with lei in the head of the lei"Yeah!" babe squealed in angrily, and then the whole body of the shadow rat ‘babe’ swelled, turning from twenty centimeters to a half meter longBut half a meter long babe, and wings spread out over twenty meters wide wing bird is still small"Hey!" Bebe on the shoulders of the lei, turned into a black afterglow rushed to a dive wing bird bodyAfter hearing only the cracking of bones and the horrible cry of the winged bird dragon, the winged bird dragon fell down from the sky, and Babe jumped to the other winged bird dragon on the winged bird dragon. The two necks facing the Wingbird Dragon are two, and they will directly kill each other.Wings Bird Dragon is just six levels of Warcraft, and Beibei, even to be able to escape the seven-level Warcraft 'rapid dragon' attackAnd - six to seven, it is a very big watershed, a great difference in strengthBabe just can't fly, but once it's on the Wingbird Dragon, Wingbird Dragon is sure to die.Just for a moment, three of dozens of winged dragons have died.The other Wing bird dragons are all flying high in horror. There is no way for Beibei to watch the winged bird dragon. It can't fly.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The winged bird dragon hovered in the air for a while, finally screamed a few times, and flew back towards the misty canyon."The horrible canyonLei only breathed a sigh of relief at this timeLei took out the magic crystal nucleus of three winged bird dragons while thinking about the things in the misty canyon"Grandpa DelinLei immediately called the road, delin kowtor also flew out of the dragon ring, delin kovot is still dressed in a white moon robe always clean, smiled and looked at lei: "lei, what's the matter ? Lei's mood at this time is not calm“Grandpa Delin, I just entered a fog canyon. I didn’t think that there was a lot of Warcraft in the canyon. There were green giants and huge reptiles. At the time I didn’t see it, but it was not smaller than the Velociraptor. There are winged bird dragons... and what I see is only a small part of that misty canyon.I didn’t see the true colors of the entire fog canyon"Think about lei are shocked, there is even such a canyon of Warcraft"Oh?" Derlin Kewater was a bit surprised. "This misty canyon has so many Warcrafts? It's interesting."The general World of Warcraft is the same family will come together, you just said that Warcraft is not the same type, actually will gather in the misty canyon, interesting, really interestingIf I'm still alive, I'm afraid I will explore inside.Lei shook his head helplessly smiled: "that canyon, there are blue heart grassI just had a strain that I couldn't pick at all and only picked one"" Blue Heart Grass? “Derlin Corvette’s eyes light up.” Where there is a blue heart grass, it is definitely not an ordinary place. There must be some treasures in that misty canyon, or super-powerful Warcraft, such as the nine-level Warcraft, and even the Holy Land. World of WarcraftBut... "Derlin Corvette frowned and said:" Generally powerful Warcraft has a territorial awareness, if there is a powerful World of Warcraft in it, it should not allow Wings, Dragons, Greengrass and other Warcraft in which""However, the Winged Bird Dragon, the Green-lined Giant, and many of the reptiles you are talking about, why can you get along together? Strange things, strange things"Drincowwater also can't figure it out. The situation in the Misty Canyon seems contradictory."Lei laughed: “Grandpa Delrin, don’t think too much, wait until I reach Level 7 Wizard and explore ‘Aviation’"Up to seven magicians, the earth's guardian shrine also reaches the "Jade" level, and even the auxiliary magical power such as speed is greatly increased."At that time, lei had absolute confidence to face those winged bird dragons and possessed ‘flying skills’. Lin Lei naturally had confidence to go to the misty canyons."Seven magicians? You are only five magicians now."Drincowwater poured cold waterLei also understandIt may not be difficult to reach the sixth level magician, but from the sixth level magician to the seventh level magician, it is a very big kan"The road is coming out step by step.Lei smiled a bit, "I entered the mountains of Warcraft is also close to two months, and now it is time to go back, it will take several days to go back to the thousands of miles, you can also exercise yourself"Babe stood on the shoulder, and lei began to return