On the way back, the World of Warcraft it encounters is getting weaker and weaker. When lei enters the outer region, the World of Warcraft it encounters is almost always at Level 3 and Level 4 with no threat at all.But even so, lei did not dare to completely relax vigilanceDeling Kettle and lei walk side by side, but Delin Kewot has always been worriedToday's lei has a calm atmosphere, but when it comes to hands, it is absolutely no wayIn that pair of eyes, there is also a coldness that resists people thousands of miles away.Deling Kewater also remembers that before he stepped into the mountains of Warcraft, lei's eyes contained sincerity and it was easy to believe.In his heart for a long time, Delin Kewot finally heard his soul: "Lee"The lei that was astride the mountains and forests could not help but turn around and looked puzzled at De Lin Ke Watert:" Grandpa Delin, what's the matter? "Derinkovo ​​nodded his head and solemnly said:" lei, before entering the mountains of warcraft, i once reminded you, people across the belly, can not easily believe that others, let you remain vigilant to othersLei nodded and said: "Grandpa Delrin, you said it was right, people really can not easily believe that if I had trusted Dr. Delin grandson, I am afraid that the abdomen will not be in the knife.""Derlin Corvette shook his head and said:" Although it is not easy to believe other people, but you can't be overly vigilant.Think of you now, how can you get along with others in the future? Remember, you can't be too indifferent to others and you can't trust too muchTrust is gradually established in long-term communication, and it should not be easily controlled by the language of the other person.Lei is very smart, whether it is at home or ernst college have read a lot of books, was delindren grandfather to say this, my heart also understand a bitBut two months of cruel life, the kind of human brutal lei has been seen very clearly, to let him believe in people, really hard"Grandpa Delin, I understandLei noddedDeling Kewater sighed in his heart, but Delin Kewot was also thankful: "Fortunately, Lin Lei and Shadow Mouse 'Babe' are accompanied, as well as some of Ernst's best friends.He will at least not become too cold"Drincowwater can still remember that when the Puang Empire was still there thousands of years ago, he was a white man with the strongman of the Sanctuary of the Punang Empire. The white man was a powerful Juggernaut. , but also a person to the limit"Grandpa Delin, you said father he found so much of Warcraft crystal nuclei, what would he react to it?" lei suddenly looked at Drincowwater, smiled and inquired, this time some of the eyes of lei is looking forward to get his father to praise憧憬It's like an exam with good results, and it looks like the child the father praises"LEI, are you going to give these fathers all of these nucleus of Warcraft?" Drin Corwater asked with a smile.Lei nodded and said: "That is of course, these are worth 70,000 gold coins, and I just need to not hungry on the line, there are dozens of gold coins a year is enoughWhile his father manages the whole family, he also has to pay for the tuition fee for the young Wharton. Of course, these Warcraft nucleuses must be given to his father." lei does not want to sell their own Warcraft crystal nucleus, after all, in the sale, they can not have a little experience, I am afraid to be deceived do not know“Haha, I believe your father will be happy to jump up“Drincowwater laughedLei could not help smiling grin, immediately speed up along the way forwardThe third and fourth level of Warcraft lei are too lazy to kill, fast and flexible to walk through the middle of the mountains of Warcraft, when the lei jumped over a stream when heard in the distant forest there is a fierce Warcraft roar and human fierce shouting"Why? Dare to come to the Warcraft Mountains, at the very least, it is also a five-level warrior, and the surrounding areas are generally three-level and four-level.How could such fighting be so fierce? Lei some doubtsSurrounded by the Warcraft Mountains, those five-level and six-level World of Warcraft are all over the place. Even if the seventh level of Warcraft appears occasionally, this kind of tragic killing may occur. However, this kind of thing rarely occurs in the periphery, and the battle will be very intense. fast<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>Leap one leg and jump seven or eight meters. It's easy to jump between the trees and just come for a while To the battlefieldStanding on the tree, lei quietly lookI saw two teenagers and two teenage girls fighting fiercely with a bloodthirsty warfare pig. One of the white-armored teenagers was shouting and commanding the battle: “Sister, don’t run around and protect Alice.I'm going to lead this stupid pig, Niya, don't panic and shoot archery."These four people obviously have very little experience, they are in danger and even panic, and only the younger ones in the white armor look more stable.""These four people are really brave enough. The white armored youth should be the strength of the five soldiers, but the other three, up to four strengths.Lei shook his head in the heart, and the other three did not reach the World of Warcraft Mountains even five levels, is really bold enoughAnother red-haired teenager also shouted in panic: "Card blue boss, you do not mean that the periphery is only three, four World of Warcraft, this is five World of WarcraftThe youngster named “Karan” was among the four. His heart was full of helplessness. He was a five-tiered warrior with three good friends who only tried in the outermost area of ​​the Warcraft Mountains. There should be no danger. , but did not expect to encounter a fifth-level Warcraft“Oh!” The firearms from ten roots suddenly emerged from the bloodthirsty warfare pigs. There were even three stings on bloodthirsty warfare pigs, but they were broken by the thick skin of bloodthirsty warfare pigs."Hey ~ ~" bloodthirsty warfare pigs immediately looked at the only one of the four magicians, and quickly rushed past.The bloodthirsty warfare sprints up, and the momentum is too dazed. There is sometimes a flame that erupts in the nostrils.Suddenly another teenager was panicked"Hide, Alice, you're going to escape"Callin Blue shoutedThe girl named Alice had a long blond hair and a pair of dreamlike eyes. At this time, Alice was also scared to flee, but the bloodthirsty warfare was after all a five-level warcraft. Although wisdom is not high, but also More powerful than wild beastsThe bloodthirsty warfare chased Alice and rushed pastSeeing the bloodthirsty warfare rushing towards himself, Alice panicked and fled, but was caught by the foot of Fujiman. The whole person fell a backtrack, looked back and saw a pair of red-eyed bloodthirsty warfare pigs. Like a madman rushed over to Alice's delicate body, I am afraid that the bloodthirsty warfare was trampled and trampled to death.Alice stayed in horrorThe other two teenagers and one teenage girl were also scared and were overwhelmed. They simply couldn’t save their lives."Alice!" The boy named Kalan was only anxiously shouting.Although he is a five-level warrior, he is obviously too bad in his experience."Hey!" The seven or eight sharp ground-flowing guns that flowed around the dense yellow earth suddenly came out. The five-level Warcraft "blood-thirsty warfare pig" was thick but still stuck in two of them. Among the muscles, blood flows out of the belly of bloodthirsty warfare pigs.It's a pity... The gun just penetrated into the muscle and it didn't hurt the internal organs."Hey ~ ~" bloodthirsty warfare pigs uplifted"Bang!" A short black blade from above, lightning-like pierce directly into the eye of a bloodthirsty warfare pig, the eyeball burst, the black short edge runs through the entire head, and the bloodthirsty warfare does not tremble like a sieve. It's just not moving for a while.Clan, Niya, Alice and others were scared and the heart was jumping fastThey watched a strong young boy dressed in a blue warrior's guzzler very skillfully removed the bloodthirsty warfare pig nucleus of Warcraft, and then the teenager turned awayAnd Karan was the first of the four to change his mind and immediately shouted, "This friend, wait.”