"lei?" lei turned head, brow wrinkledKaran immediately came over and gratefully said, "My name is Karan. Thank you very much for your help. If not for you, I'm afraid Alice is dead."That girl named Alice ran over this time. She was obviously still guilty. Her breathing chest kept rolling up and down, but her eyes were curious about lei: "Thank you for saving my life. Alice, full name Alice & Duff, I'm also a magicianLei eyes stayed on Alice for a whileHave to say, Alice is a very temperament girl, that kind of temperament is love born, does not need sound, makeup, etc. to create"LEI, in the middle of Warcraft, people are in danger. It's like you don't usually save people. How do you do today?" The voice of Deling Kettle rattled in lei's head. "Ah, I know, you must be I like this girl named Alice.Lei brow crease“Grandpa Delrin, I didn’t want to save in the past, but in the interior of the Warcraft Mountains. At the very least, Warcraft encountered by others was a few of Warcraft 6 or Warcraft 7, and I was unable to save.It's not hard to kill a five-level warcraft. I'll save it.Lei immediately explained to delincowaterDerlin Kewater smiled and said no more"My name is Tony. I don't know what the wizard master is called." Another teenager also said in aloud.Lei looked at this group of people indifferently: "How long have you entered the mountains of Warcraft?" "The first day"Card Blue said helplessly," We did not expect that even if we entered the first day of the Warcraft Mountains, we encountered five World of Warcraft, and it was too bad.According to the book, the peripheral area should be three and four levels of Warcraft.It's not too dangerous for us four people to come here.""sillyLei shook her head and saidThe female archer named Niya immediately fired: "Hey, what did you kid like? Didn't you save Alice? Why would you marry us?""Karlan scoldedLei is directly said: "I really admire your guts, even dared to venture into the mountains of WarcraftAt the same time, I also have to say that your luck is very good, and you don’t even encounter a robber on the way to the Mountain of Warcraft.""The robbers? ” Ka Lan several people look at each other, they did not encounter the robbersThe Mountain of Warcraft is over 10,000 miles long and you can enter the World of Warcraft Mountains from anywhere. It is also normal to encounter robbers."I tell you, if you don't want to die, leave the World of Warcraft immediatelyLei directly said"Why? Isn't the Warcraft 5 in the outskirts of the Warcraft Mountains a lot of?" asked Tony's teenage doubter.Lei indifferent: "in the wolf mountain range, especially the outer part of the wolf mountain range, the most dangerous is not the world of warcraft, but humanYou four people, strength is not only weak, but also has no experienceI believe that any greedy person will not let you goIt is estimated that you are just entering the World of Warcraft Mountains on the first day and have not been discovered by others, otherwise you will have killed four of you soon."" The most dangerous thing is human? "The blue brow was wrinkled, but his face changed a lot.Ka Lan immediately said to lei respectfully: "Master of magic, we have just entered the World of Warcraft Mountains today, for the Warcraft Mountains only know about, this time is also privately decided to come hereI hope that an adult wizard can help us and leave the mountains of WarcraftLei could not help but wrinkleHe doesn’t like trouble, but if these five people go back on the road, they’re really dangerous if they encounter robbers.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Master Magi, please help me outAlice also pleadedLei looked Alice glanced at Alice's pleading eyes, thought of Alice being killed by the robbers scene, lei, a soft heart, nodded and said: "Well, I'm also going to take the opportunity to go out, Take a ride with youHowever, if I encounter a robber on the way back, I can only guarantee to help as much as possible. If you who have been killed, I have no choice."Ka Lan exulted and immediately nodded:" Master adult can help us, we are very gratefulLei nodded his head and went straight ahead, while back to the four, said directly: "Follow me"The card blue four people immediately followed by lei, under the protection of lei out of the mountains of warcraft, walking towards the city***** In the return of the road, the four people also know the name of lei blue, and that is the same magician's 'Alice' is more admiration of the lei, Alice is also this year At the age of fifteen, it was the first day at the Welling School of Magic.Even so, Alice has just reached the fourth level of magic this year.This result can only be considered moderate at Ernst College.The road stopped, lei and kalan, alice and others started eating, lei and alice were sitting together"Lee's eldest brother, you are so terrible. When you were fourteen, you reached a level 5 magician. I guess it will take 20 years."Alice looked at Leigh worship"I'm nothing. The first genius of our college, Dixie, was a fourth-level wizard at the age of nine and a fifth-grade wizard at the age of twelve.Lei said at random, lei did not say ... he was 13 or four magician, can be fourteen years old is a five magicianJust over a year ago, I caught Dixie for three years“When I was nine years old, I was a four-level magician? I’m fifteen years old and I’ve just become a Level Four magician.I was still the first talent in collegeWe're too far away from the Ernest College.Alice sighed"Lee's brother, I feel like you are in a sudden formation. The power is like a big one. It's even more severe than some of our fifth graders. Why is that?" Alice was also a magician in the area and naturally discovered lei's DifferentLei smiled indifferently, it was more than just a power. Actually, the speed at which guns emerged was also extremely fast."The magic of the land is originated from the earth element..." lei explained it to Alice. Actually, in the understanding of the land magicians, the teacher at the rye-bernster college was even more profound because He has a sanctuary level teacherAlice looked at lei and listened attentivelyOne person said that when one person listens, the distance between two people is getting closer and closerLei is also completely immersed in the story, when lei finished part of the rest only to find that the two faces and face was just a fist awayLei lei in the heart, but this is the first time he is so close to the girl, especially so close to look at Alice's pair of eyes, that small nose, and even lei can feel the other's breathing, smelling each other's body Fragrance"Lee's brother, how do you not talk?" Alice doubted and asked, but only a moment Alice responded, immediately opened up with lei, while the face 'brush' is red, red with a Apple-likeLei also tried to calm down, and then stood up to face several people, pretending to be casually said: "Well, everyone is full, and now continue to get on the road to fight early to reach the city”