The sacred confederate of the city of Finlay in the capital city of 'Finlay City' is surrounded by many luxury residences, including a dozen people gathered in front of one of the houses."We, the Debuss family, thank you for your help. If this isn't for you, I'm afraid that Karan is really going to lose."A silvery-haired groomed and smiling old man smiled and said to lei, beside this silver-haired old man was Kalan, Alice, Tony, and Niya were also next to each other. Behind a few people was the Debus family. A group of servantsThe silver-haired old man turned and nodded to a servant behind. The servant took out a yellow pouch from his arms.The silver-haired old man took the yellow pouch and handed it to lei with a smile and said: "This is a hundred gold coins, although not much, it also represents our Debus family's heart and hopes that Lin Lei can accept it."" No, I'm just doing my jobLei said politely, "then I'll go first"The silver-haired old man does not insist, and smiled and watched Lin Lei leave.""Tony, you three are coming home. Your parents are definitely worried too.The silver-haired old man smiled and said, Alice, Niya, and Tony, who were saying good-bye to Kalan, all went towards their homes one by one.After the card blue and the silver-haired old man stepped into the living room, the old silver-haired man face suddenly fell cold and said coldly: "Your Majesty!" Karan immediately 'kicked' his knees down on the ground, and he straight down and said: " Grandpa II, I was wrong. This time, I did not find out the dangers of the Warcraft Mountains. I suddenly entered the World of Warcraft Mountains with three good friends. Please punish my grandfather."" Hey, vain? "The silver-haired old man's cold eyes glanced at Karan:" Kalan, you are already grown up, and it is also the successor of our Debus family. How can you make this mentally handicap? How is the danger of the Mountain of Warcraft as you can imagine? If you don’t take risks with the family, don’t take risks. Oh, the punishment for you is still to be decided by your father. I just want to remind you that if you’re still not so brained, you’ll destroy the family even if the family will hand it over to you in the future."Card Blue looked down and dared not speakThe Debuss family also ranks in the top three in the kingdom of Finlay. The reason why the Debus family is strong is not because of its high position, but because of the Debus family, which is one of the three largest chambers of the Magnolia mainland. 'Dawson Chamber of Commerce' partners in Kingdom of FinlayThe Dawson Chamber of Commerce, a wealthy enemy, business throughout the Magnolia continentThe financial and military forces of any of the three major chambers of commerce on the mainland of Magnolia are very scary.In the kingdom of Finlay, there are also many families who want to cooperate with the Dawson Chamber of Commerce. Cooperation with the Dawson Chamber of Commerce is equivalent to a giant chariot.The Debuss family can pull relations with the Dawson Chamber of Commerce, which is also veryAfter all, the attitude toward the three major chambers of commerce is the two major alliances.****** Leaving the city of Finlay, lei embarked on a trip to Ernst College, babe is also on the lei shoulders and wait and see, drin kowtor and lei alongside"Grandpa Delrin, do you think that this world is a little scary?Lei soul exchange saidDeling Kewo nodded his head, but he didn't say anything but listened quietly."I didn't feel anything in the past to visit the city of Finlay. But this time I came back from the Mountain of Warcraft. I found a lot of cruelty in the Mountains of Warcraft. That kind of natural selection is naked and bloody. There is no disguise"" However, the nobles, magicians, and fierce warriors in the city of Finlay are all well-dressed and polite.The entire city of Finlay looks so prosperous, but the level of the city of Finlay is so dense and indifferent."Even in the law, the aristocrat's rights are far greater than civilians."Although the city of Finlay is prosperous, laughter continuesHowever, the underlying rules are more tedious than the Warcraft Mountains.In the Mountain of Warcraft, there is no distinction between high and low, only the strength of the points"<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> lei gradually came to know this worldIn this world, large nobles are at the top and civilians are exploitedNo matter how gentlemen are represented by the nobles and how hypocritical they are, no one can hide the entire world.Want to have status, only to become a great warrior, or a great magicianDo not work hard to be eliminated"Human society is more complex than the world of the Warcraft Mountains. They are putting on a gorgeous coat of cruel competition in the Mountains of Warcraft.But sometimes, this gorgeous coat is very usefulLei from the bottom of my heart has a hint of the hypocrisy of the nobleFrom the brutality of the Mountain of Warcraft to seeing the prosperity of the city of Finlay, this strong contrast also changed the mood of Lin Lei."Are you afraid of competition?" Derlin Kewater suddenly saidLei grinned: "Fear? No, I like itIf there is no competition in the world and all days are mediocre, what do you mean, I like to compete and like exciting competition?Dancing on the tip of the knife, only this day"Babe," next to "Hey ~~," also screamed twice.... into the Ernst AcademyAfter entering the World of Warcraft Mountains and recognizing the sinister nature of human nature, Lin Lei cherished the feelings of the brothers in the college. He walked to the front door of the dormitory and heard the voice coming from inside - "Yale boss, lei has not yet returned, he entered There will be no danger to the Warcraft Mountains?” “The fourth, shut your foul mouth, and the youngest will surely come back safely. Go, let's go and eat—” Yale looked up and saw the figure in front of the courtyard. The whole person was jealous. Stayed, the next two George and Renault also froze for a while, then Yale, George, Renault three are rushed over excited"Haha, third child, you finally came backYale first rushed over and gave lei a bear hug.Renault also shouted loudly, "Wow, lei, boss Yale and George are talking about you every day. I worry about you. I must believe that you will come back safely."" The fourth"George blinked." You were still worried that the third would be dangerous.""I? Renault looked like a doubt. "Did I say that?" Lei watched these three good brothers, heart suddenly warmYale immediately waved proudly and said: "Well, you two don't talk nonsense, and the third is safe from the Mountain of Warcraft. This is a big happy event. Let's go and celebrate."" The second child, the fourthLei also said with a smile, "go, we have a good drink today, I treat""Renault blinked. "Are you invited? Yale laughed: "Yes, the third guest, please don't forget. A few days ago, the Prussian Hall sent an invitation letter. The three of the youngest three artists sold more than 4,000 coins." Well, it's time to slaughter him.""Prouks Hall Invitation Letter? Lei leiYale quickly said: “The third of your stone works sold at a high price, Prouks Hall has fully agreed with your level of sculpture, so I invite you to set up an independent exhibition room in the Proxus Hall 'Master Exhibition Hall', ah, I will show you the letter of invitationYale said, he ran towards the dormitoryRenault mysteriously said to lei: "Lei Lei, you don't know. Since the people from the Plucks Hall have come to the college, you have been invited to set up an independent exhibition in the Prussian Pavilion. Things have spread all over the college. , but you’re famous"" spread all over the college? Lei was a little unhappy, he just knew it“Yes, I’m afraid the entire college, you’re the last one to know this"George also said with a smile"Lin Lei, this is the invitation letter from the Plucks Hall."Yale ran out of the dormitory with a gold-filled white envelope."