In the late evening, the four brothers in the 1987 quarters walked on the quiet path of Ernst College and chatted about the events of the past two months."So what?" Renault shocked a lei shirt, and saw lei's abdomen muscles as licking wounds, could not help holding his breathThe next George was silent for a time. Only Yale laughed and laughed: “Haha, you have too little experience, and I saw it even worse when I was young."" Yale boss, really fake? "Reno scared RoadYalu proudly smiled and said: "Of course it is true, and see a lot, like the murder of prisoners, as well as watch live combat with Warcraft killingWhen a real person smashed with World of Warcraft, there was a group of wealthy people watching it. The scene was bloody.Lei listened to what Yale said, in the heart can imagine that kind of scene"It's still a good college.George sighedLei also nodded in agreement, now in the evening, in the quiet path of the college can often see a pair of men and women walk together, or hold hands together, or sit together on World of Warcraft, leisurely in the college"Yes, Yale boss, aren't you going to accompany your girlfriend in the evening? Why didn't you go today?" Renault said suddenly.Yalu Man doesn’t care about saying, “Girlfriend? Today, my brother has come back from the Warcraft Mountains. I still have to accompany my girlfriend. Renault. Remember, if the brothers are brothers, then women are clothes.Just play itRenault immediately expressed a contemptuous expression"LEI!" Suddenly a pleasant surprise came from afarLei and other four people could not help but look around and saw a tall elegant beauty with a flowing golden hair ran over and ran to lei and pleasantly said: "lei, you come back from the mountains of warcraft, it is Great, you're going for two months this time. I'm worried about death. Where are you hurt?" "Delia, I'm fine.Lei replied with a smileDelia was also acquainted with Lin Lei's arrival at Ernst College. The relationship between the two was very good. When she was with Delia, she felt that she could relax completely, with no moral burden.It's as if it's with your three good brothers."Delia, the uncle's carriage is still outside. Don't waste time."A cold soundLei looked up and saw the teenager wearing a school robe is standing in the distance, it is delia's brother, Ernst College one of the two genius of 'dixie', Dixie's college robe is very tidy There is no taintThe whole person's eyes are also very clear"Oh" Delia was disappointed with a few disappointments, then she looked to lei. " lei, my father asked me and my brother to go back, the carriage is still waiting outside, I will go first"Okay, Delia, come back and let us chatLei said with a smile"Well, goodbyeDelia apparently was disappointed that she didn't have time to chat with lei for a while. Dixie was also walking in the distance. Just looking at delia, delia walked towards dixie.And Dixie looked at LEI: "LEI, I heard you entered the trial of the World of Warcraft, congratulations on your successful trial.Lei leiDid Dixie speak to himself? Dixie's indifference is very famous at Ernst Academy.The average person feels pressure with Dixie, especially when the pair of clear eyes stares at someone, the psychological pressure can make the other person feel collapsed."Oh, thank youLei repliedDixie drew slightly, then took his sister Delia towards the door of the college... In the morning of the second day, in the Prouks Hall of the 'Capital City of Finland'"Ah, lei, please sit down"Austony said warmly," Yale, you several also sit and rest."Austony looked at lei carefully, exclaimed:" lei, I have to say, you are a genius, super genius! A teenager who is only fifteen years old can become a talented student of the entire first magic school in mainland China.Not only that, but your level of skill in stone sculpture has reached an extremely high level."<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>"What you did was a miracle"" Not to be a magical genius, it is in the masterpiece of stone carving. Now, in this era, we can be invited by the Ernst Academy to set up an independent exhibition room in the Prouks Hall. The average age is forty. Above, your age is the smallest of themIn history, only two peerless geniuses can compare with you.But you are different from them... You are not just a stone genius, but a magic genius.Oh, genius."Ostoney's remarks, lei praised are somewhat embarrassed"Austony, you don't waste time. Finish things quickly. Our four brothers will have to go out and play.Yale urged to sayOstroni's appearance was a dazed appearance. He quickly took out a silver magic crystal card from the next folder. He smiled and handed it to LEI: "LEI Lei, this silver magic crystal card is a four-country gold line dedicated to our Prouks. Hall custom-made, silver magic crystal card on behalf of you is the master of stone carving, after the stone carving all the gold coins sold, we will be directly into your magic crystal card"Now this silver magic crystal card is an ownerless card.You can use it later"Austony handed the magic crystal card to lei, and whispered," lei, don't you know if you brought a stone carving work this time? "LEI nodded slightly: "With, a total of three"The smile on Ostoni's face suddenly became even more brilliant."...... At night, among the beautiful rooms in the clear water paradise, only lei and George both laughed and talked with the two women. Renault and Yale had already entered their room with their beautiful women."The oldest boss and the fourth are reallyLei drank a glass of wine and talked to the lively George who was talking to the girl next to him. "My second child, my head was a little dizzy, I went out and blew my hair."""Ok"George answered, and continued chatting with the girl next to him."Lei is downstairs to leave clear water paradise, walk out of the noisy clear water paradise, and then was blown by the cool breeze of the night, lei felt a clear mindCompared with Clearwater Paradise, there is clearly more peace outside, and LEI walks freely on the road to the city of Finlay.Night wind blowing, cool and pleasantThere are also some noble houses along the streets of Qianmo Road. However, compared with the Greenery Road, some of the houses on the dry road are obviously on a lower level. On the balcony of a two-story building, Alice is in front of the balcony. Feel the coolness of the night breezeLooking at the bright moon in the sky, Alice could not help but think of Lin Lei who saved his life.In life and death, when she was desperate, it was lei that killed the bloodthirsty warfare directly from the sky and saved her life.At the moment of desperation, lei's shock to her from the sky is undoubtedly great, even leaving a hard-to-finish imprint on the soul."Lee's brother is silent, but when he talks about magic, he is also very handsome.Alice thought about it, her face could not help but smileSuddenly Alice found that there was a figure in the street just downstairs. The figure was very familiar. After carefully recognizing it, Alice’s face showed a pleasant surprise. She quickly waved and shouted: "Lee's brother, lei brother !” is enjoying the quiet night, lei strolling in the street to hear someone shouting and looking upIn the balcony of the small building in the distance, the shadow of the purple clothes is behind the bright moon. The figure of the purple dress is like the elf under the moonlight. The purple clothes slowly wander under the night breeze. The same is floating. Long hairDuring the day, lei seemed to smell Alice's hairThat taste is so charmingAliceLei could not help walking towards that small building