In the courtyard of the Baruch family residence, Hogg is reading a very thick book while reading in a chair."Master Hog, dinner is ready"A maid came and said respectfullySince the housekeeper Shiri went to O'Brien with a small Wharton, there wasn't a servant in the whole Baruch family. Hogg was at least the patriarch of the Dragon Blood Warrior family, and he couldn't do his own job.So Hogg also asked for a maid."Oh“Horge's book in his hand, looked at the maidservant next to him, and she also sighed in her heart.” Fortunately for those noblemen who knew that my son is now a genius magician at Ernst College, I was willing to lend me coins, or I could have lived. It's even harder"According to the current tax rate of Wushan Town, it is also barely able to cope with the kingdom's tax revenue and the salary of the guard team."Hogg felt wronged when he thought about it. When the family came to his generation, most of them sold out.Fortunately... he Hogg has two sons, two great sons."LEI is now a Level 5 magician, and graduation is fast. At that time, the family can give it to him. I can also do what I always wanted to do.Hoger got up and walked toward the living room. Suddenly - "Master Hogg, Master HoggHillman’s voice sounded all the wayHogg looked puzzled into the mansion gate, but Hillman stepped in, and there was a statured teenager beside Hillman.When he saw Hogan's smile on his face immediately in full bloom, he laughed and greeted him. "LEI, you're back, haha, it's really good. This is really a big surprise."Agatha, please prepare a rich dinnerHogg patted lei's shoulders affectionately. "Good boy, they all caught up with me. Right, you don't usually come back until the end of the year. What happened this time?" Lei mysterious smile: "father, wait for dinner I will tell you""So mysterious? Hogg deliberately frownedHillman next to smiled: "Master Hogg, lei he said to me, prepared a mysterious gift for youI asked him, he didn’t say anything yet"Uncle HillmanLei frowned and looked at Hillman"Well, I don't say, I don't sayHillman laughed.As the night falls, the earth is dark. Several candles in the Baruch family's living room are burning, illuminating the entire living room.After dinner, the servant Agatha cleaned up the table. After leaving only LEI and Hogg in the hall, LEI only put his package in front of his father."This is?" Hogg confused look to lei"Wait and openLei got up and closed the door to the living room, Hogg could not help laughing: "so mysterious? Also close the doorLei sat confidently: "father, you open this package"" I'm going to look at what's in it"Hogg's curiosity opened the parcel. I didn't expect that there was a big bag in the parcel. The big bag's mouth was tight, and a lot of magic crystal nucleus packed the bag.Hogger touched the big bag and wondered: "Big bag looks like a gold coin, isn't it a gravel?" Hogger couldn't understand it, saying, Hogg opened the bag aside.The bag opened - colorful, colorful magic crystal nucleus exudes gorgeous light, Hogg saw the eyes do not take the flowers, this full of a large bag of magic crystal nucleus, Hogg never saw a lifetime Over"This is a magic crystal nucleus?" Hogg squatted round eyes, shocked to see lei, and then swallowed hard, Hogg has also seen the magic crystal nucleus, but never seen so much magic Crystal coreSo many magic crystal core, too visually stunning effect<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> Lin Lei nodded and said, "Yes, this bag is almost a magic crystal nucleus, as long as a few dozen are Magic CrystalAccording to the magic crystal core value recorded in the book, these magic crystal core values ​​should be more than 70,000 gold coins."" More than 70,000 coins? Hogg felt a sudden twitch in the heartHogge has been plagued by money all these years. Now that Hogg has made five hundred gold coins, Hogg may have to go out to borrow money.The embarrassment can be imaginedMore than 70,000 coins! What concept? More than 70,000 gold coins can definitely support the entire Baruch family for over a hundred years"Of course, more than 70,000 gold coins are only based on the prices stated in the book. The prices stated in the book are still old, and today's prices should be slightly higher.Estimated to be able to sell 80,000 coinsLei replied honestlyHogg looked at a bunch of magic crystal nucleus in front of him and felt like he was dreaming. The whole person had a kind of fluctuating feeling."Call, call!" Hogger took a deep breath several times before he managed to calm down."lei, where are these magic crystal nucleus you?" Hogg reacted suddenly, staring at lei, "you went to the mountains of warcraft?" lei nodded his head: "yes, my father, these magic nucleus are Is obtained from the Mountain of Warcraft"You, you..." Hogg was annoyed. "The Mountain of Warcraft is the fiercest place in the entire continent. What a big thing it is to enter. How can you not go in without consulting me? Do you know how dangerous it is?" ? When the words were just exported, Hogg laughedLei have gone in, of course know how dangerousHogg looked down at his eyes and silenced his head. A pair of lei who 'carefully listened to the scolding' and looked like he could not help shaking his head and sighed. "LEI Lei, not the father wants to marry you, you must know that you are now the genius magic of Ernst College. Division, unlimited future achievementsThe burden of our Baruch family is to fall on your shouldersAfter all, your younger brother is still young and waits for him to become a real dragon blood warrior. I don’t know how long it will takeYou shoulder my hopes, the hope of our Baruch family, so you can't take your life as a playLei dared not say anything"Take off your shirt and let me see if you are injuredHogg suddenly saidTake off your coat? Lei hesitated, dressed in clothes other people can not see, lei himself but clearly the body that the scars are how horrible"Take it offHogg browsLei hesitated for a moment, finally took off the blouse reveals a sturdy upper body, in the sturdy upper body also covered with a scar, and even a few scars are fatal! Seeing the terrible scars on lei, Hogg felt his heart tremble.Hogg trembled slowly and leaned toward lei's chest, and there were several deadly wounds on the abdomen. Seeing these wounds hogg's heart sour, his own son suffered so much suffering in the end, how come alive from the edge of death Hogg could not even think"LEI, you..." Hogg sobbed"Father, I'm not okay.Lei immediately comfortedHogg looked at the pile of magic crystals next to the giant fortress, and then took a look at the horrible scars of LEI's staggered roots. Hogg's body twitched slightly.He hates! Hate yourself incompetent, useless! Taking a deep breath, Hogg said nothing and immediately said lowly: "LEI, you are tired after a day, and go to bed early."" Yes, FatherLei quietly left, only hogg sitting quietly in the candlelight burning living room ... ...