The next morning, on the dining table in the Baruch family's living room, lei was surprised to find that his father was radiant and full of spirit.Put down his knife and fork, Hogg smiled and looked at lei: "lei, this stay at home for a while, my father has not seen you for a long time, we father and son get together“Does my father stay at home for a while? lei is a little surprised, after all, my father never said this kind of thing for so many years.”Originally, LEI also planned to go to the city of Finlay and take a look at Alice.But this time, Alice was thrown behind her head."Okay, fatherLei gladly nodHogge nodded with joy, but what seemed to Hogg's eyes more...... LEI spent a dozen days in Wushan Town. Even at the start of the next semester of Ernst College, he did not hurry back.And Hogg did not urge lei to go to collegeAbove the Osan Mountain on the eastern side of Wushan Town, beside the brook water, Lin Lei sat cross-legged and quietly meditating on magical power.Elemental elements and wind elements penetrate into the body from all parts of the lei. Muscles, muscles, and meridians throughout the body naturally absorb elements to improve their physique. After these terrestrial and wind elements are absorbed in a small part, most of them are refined. The final flow into the chest in the pubic areaThe rivers and seas are full of meridians.Lei is such a sit for a full half-day, when lei opened his eyes, has sunset west hill"It's time to return to the college.Lei stood up and shouted for a long breath, "since I will be those magic crystal nucleus to his father, his father's attitude to me has become much better, kind of many"In the past ten days, it should have been 10 days for Lin Lei and Hogg to get along well with Hogg."What motivated fathers to make such a big change? Magic crystal core father is not because of moneyOr is it ... the scar on my body? After thinking about Lin Leisi, I could not completely determine why my father had become so good at once.It is a word that can completely explain how Hogg's attitude towards lei is today.Entering the Baruch family office, lei saw the father who was reading the book at a glance: “Father, the days are dark, and the book waits until tomorrow."" Oh, lei is backHogg laughed and closed the book. "You said it makes sense. I'll see it tomorrow.""" lei, you are so thirsty for practicing so long outside itHogg picked up the kettle on the coffee table next to pour a glass of boiled water. "Come on, moisten my throat. The temperature of the water is just right, not hot or cold."""Thank you fatherLei heart warmThese ten days have been Hoge's treatment of lei.In the past, Hogg was always seriousSeldom reveal such a warm sideDrinking tea, lei began to say: "Father, I have been at home for some time, I am ready to go to college tomorrow""tomorrow? "Hogg made a slight look and then nodded."At the end of this year, you may have to come back earlier""Yep” Lin Lei Ying YingHogg whispered and said: "LEI, your father does not have much ability, the family depends on you later, you give me this magic crystal core, but also enough for your brother in the O'Brien Empire costsAt this point, I was very satisfied, but I still forgot the shame of our family in my heart.I hope you don’t forget that the heritage of our family is still outsideLei felt his father's desire for his own, took a deep breath and nodded slightly“I don’t have any other cravings now. I just want to see the sword ‘slaughter’ before I die.Hogg's voice is very lowLei feel wrong atmosphere, immediately said: "father, you do not be so negative, you are only forty years old now, after a long day it growsI am confident that in less than ten years, we will surely bring back the sword ‘sculptor’ and bring it back into the family’s court.”<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>“十年，好，好Hogg gently nodded... At noon the next day, Lin Lei left Wushan Town, and on the night of the Baruch family living room, there were two people, Hogg and Hillman.The living room door is closed, and the generation of magic crystal nucleus is placed on the living room table.Hillman was shocked by such a bag of magic crystal nucleus, and Hogge said: "Sillman, I will sell these magic crystal nucleus in the most recent time, and these gold coins want you to take care of them."Hilman suddenly wakes up and says:" Hoge, no, how can you give me such a fortune?Can you not control yourself? "" Hillman, don't call me Hogger, call me Hogger on the lineHogg smiled very kindlySuddenly Hogg stood up and faced to the east: "You said I'm in charge? Haha... Hillman, you know the Baruch family and I'm afraid I know about HoggHillman surprised, he didn't know why Hogg mentioned this“It’s been almost eleven years deep inside, and I’ve felt my heart be bitten by ants in the past eleven years. I’ve been forbearing and endured day after day, year after year... All eyes are eleven yearsHogg twitched all over himHillman's blue changed, suddenly stood up, horrified and said: "Master Hogg, what are you going to do?" "Yes, I must check this year. I must take revenge for Lena.Hillman was awkward and sullen"Horge adultsHillman quickly said, "Did we not check it? The forces of the enemy are very large. It is already horrible to find only that part.When you check it, you may lose your life.Hogg whispered: "Dead? Am I still afraid of death? Hillman, you don't know my pain for the past eleven years, that kind of tortureI've had enoughThe magic crystal nucleus that LEI gave me now should be worth about 80,000 gold coins.Full enough for Wharton's feesWith this gold coin, I have no burden"" For so many years, I have been forbearing, what is it for? Not yet two sons, now growing up in lei, Wharton is also in the O'Brien empireI have nothing to worry aboutHogg clutched Hillman's shoulders with both hands, staring at Hillman's eyes: "Hillman, although you call me Hogger, we have been brothers for so many years."On this copy, I hope you can fulfill me""Hogg, you..." Hillman was anxiousHillman knows very well that if Hogger really checks that year, he is likely to lose his life."My idea is fixed, Hillman, you have to know, I'm not as good as I am now.Hogg's eyes were a little reddish, and Hillman saw Hogg's heart filled with helplessness.He can understand Hogg's ideaWhy has Hogg always been so harsh and indifferent for so many years? Others did not know, Hillman knew very well that Hogg was a very cheerful person before lei and Wharton’s mother, Lina, died.Then since Lina died, Hogg’s temperament has changed.Although Hogg said that Lina was hard to produce and died, Hillman, housekeeper Xiri and others still knew the facts."Hillman, you don't have to persuade me. I only ask you. Can you help me?" Hogg stared at Hillman.Hillman stared at Hogg for a moment, finally sighing weakly: "Okay, I'll help you" Hogg's face could not help but reveal a smile, it is a smile of relief