The monster that caused the ground vibration appeared.When they saw the monsters, lei and a group of children were totally deterred. Hillman, Lori and Roger reacted very quickly and stood directly in front of a group of children.Vigilantly watching this giant“Seventh-level Warcraft 'Raptor!'” Hillman’s face changed, and Luoru and Roger were weaker next to each other."Well, great, this, this is the legendary World of Warcraft?" lei was completely shockedFrom small to large, the largest animal that lei has ever seen is estimated to be a horse that passed by the town. The tall horse is one meter high.But compared with the giants in front of them, the warhorse is the baby in front of the giants.The difference is not a little bitIt is a two-storey building with a huge body.World of Warcraft, Raptor! The Raptor's body has a massive, fiery hard scale. Each fiery red scale shines with a cold metallic luster.The long legs covered by the four dragons of the Velociraptor are staggering and stout. It is estimated that they need to be surrounded by two to hold it barely.The whole body is a red and red raptor. Only the dragon claws are cold and deep black.The red dragon's tail, covered by almost half of its length, is covered with red scales. Like a whip, it sweeps across the ground. Every time it is easily swept away, deep plowing will occur on the ground."Yeah--" The Raptor whispered low, and two white smokes were emitted from the nostrils, emitting a sulphurous smell. The two huge lantern-sized eyes, such as diamonds, were even more red and strange.The huge head of the Raptor turned toward the lei of this group of teenagers, and the cold rays in his throat scared all teenagers from moving."Hey, hey,“Raptor's mouth chewed twice, exposing a whole row of teeth that looked like saws inside and outside. Each tooth was white, and people felt a cold heart. No one doubted its sharpness.”Lei feels his heart seems to stop beatingAt this moment, the outside world's voice seems to be inaudible“Too scary, can someone block this mammoth?” lei was completely scaredJust to see this huge Warcraft, lei felt no resistanceLei believes that the tail of the raptor like a whip, as long as sweepingIt is estimated that those strong stone-built houses in Wushan Town will be converted into gravel.“Is this Wushan Town?” Suddenly a cold voice came from above the Raptors.All the stunned teenagers looked at the Raptors on their backs and saw that on the generous Raptor's back, a mysterious man in a purple robe was sitting cross-legged.This Raptor is too big and its back is too thick for people to lie down and roll over.“Master of Magician, this is Wushan Town, I don’t know what I can do for you!Hillman's voice soundedWhen hearing Hillman's voice, all people seemed to have found the backbone and suddenly recovered from the shocking fear just now. But all people, including Lori and Roger, still dared not speak out. Behind Hillman, horrified watching this huge raptor and the mysterious purple robe"Ushan Town, it seems that the road has not gone wrong"The mysterious man in the purple robe whisperedThen the mysterious man in the purple robe stopped speaking. The gigantic red dragon of the fast rappelling glance swept a group of people such as Lin Lei, then sprayed out two smokes in the nostrils, and they took another step forward.Seeing the Raptor walking towards the town, Hillman's face changed."Everybody stays hereHillman finished directly following the Raptor with the past"Uncle Lorry, what is that? Is it World of Warcraft?" lei first asked<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>Laughing also swallowed, and there was also a hint of panic in her eyes but still nodded. "Yes, it's Warcraft.However, it is a very powerful World of Warcraft, seven Warcraft "raptor!" ""Raptor? Lei heart deeply remembered this nameThe massive body of the Raptor, the hard scales, the sharp claws, the powerful dragon tailThis is all extremely horribleLei believes that ... a raptor, estimated to be able to destroy his entire wushan town"The Raptor's full body scale armor defense is extremely alarming and its attack power is big and horrible.Also good at aggressive fire magic! "Luo Rui was terrified in mind, his mouth to the lei, said," face of tyrants such a horrible Warcraft, is generally a thousand people brigade, but also to be slaughtered cleanUnless it is a combination of six or seven fighters and magicians, they can really deal with Velociraptor through scales.Linde shockedThousands of people have to be slaughtered clean? "But the scariest thing is not the raptor but it's... that mysterious man in purpleLuo Rui took two deep breaths and tried to calm down the tension in his heart.Next, Roger nodded and said, "Yes, to take over the Raptor, we must let the Raptor be willing to be his servant. It shows that this purple robe mysterious person has a lot more strength than the Raptor. Look at his clothes, it should be a magician"" At least seven magicians, and perhaps even eight magicians! Roger's fists could not help but clenched. "I didn't think there was such a big man coming to us."Lei also feel the shock of the two uncles in the hearts of Lori, RogerSeventh-level Warcraft 'Raptor', and a mysterious magician with a power level of seven on Warcraft's 'rapid dragon'This really makes people feel trembled"Magician, even worse than the raptor?" lei still some unbelievableThe swift Raptor's huge skeleton, the hard scales, the sharp dragon claws, the strong tail tail... and the mysterious magician is so small."吼~~" suddenly heard a roar from the central town of Wushan"not goodLuo Rui and Roger could not help but be shockedA large group of young people such as Lin Lei also worried about it. The rapture of the Velociraptor was caused by Uncle Hillman. No one knows"You all stay hereAlthough Luo Rui and Roger were scared in their hearts, they still rushed toward the center of the town.Lei teeth: "Uncle Hillman!" lei heart is also worried about Uncle Hillman, but also worried about other people in the town, also followed the pastAt the moment, Luo Rui and Roger, both with a trembling heart, were completely on the Raptor's body. They did not even notice the lei that followed.Just a moment, Rory, Roger went to the town centerHillman is watching from afar"How did you come?" Hillman slashedAs soon as I saw lei and roger ran from behind, xi liman could not help but frown: "lei, here is too dangerous, go back quicklyAt this time, Luo Rui and Luo Jie noticed that lei had come with it."LEI, how are you?" Lori and Roger do not know what to say"Uncle Hillman, I don't go backLei refused to go backHillman reluctantly shook his head. He knew that lei's temper was extremely tough, and the matter he identified was also difficult to change: "Well, you are with me, don't go farBeside me, I still have confidence in keeping you safe"Thanks Uncle Hillman, I must not run aroundLei overjoyedAt this time Hillman and a group of people, about 100 meters from the Raptors, quietly looked at the place where the conflict occurred.I saw a large group of Raptors in front of a group of young people, four men and three women.