With Alice, lei feels a burst of joy from the depths of her heart.Whether it is lei or alice, they can't feel tired without sleeping overnight.There was a hint of whiteness on the horizon, and there was already a hint of light in heaven and earth."It's dawn, Alice, I'm going first.Lei stood up"YepAlice answeredAlice also stood up, some reluctantly looked at the lei, lei smiled or with a bracing hand, surrounded by air flow, as if fallen into the streets like fallen leavesWhen lei returned to Clearwater Paradise, after the good brothers got up, they were ‘tried’ by Yale and others.Back to Ernst College, lei is still as serious as the past practice, but at the time of rest lei often think of Alice, lei feels like he was hit by the loverYulan calendar 9997, November 29 eveningAlice had long waited in front of her own house. When she waited for a while, she saw the figure of Lin Lei at the end of the street. She immediately ran over."Lee BrotherAlice exclaimed with some excitement. She did not meet for a month. When she met, Alice was also unnerving.Lei is also very excited about the heart, after all, did not meet for a month, but at the moment LEI heart is a little excited: "Although did not say time with Alice to meet again, but she was waiting for me here today"Last time you chat with Alice, lei knows the monthly No. 1 and No. 2 of Willingen School of Magic.Alice is now skipping classes to meet with her, meaning that Lin Lei also understands"LEI, refueling, this time I have to be brave"Drinkingwater's voice is also ringing in the mind of leiLei heart also secretly made up his mind, he does not want to endure another month"Alice, how are you out today, not on the balcony?" lei and Alice walked side by side in the street, Alice laughed: "We can not hide in the balcony, right?" lei think of two people hiding The scene inside the balcony could not help but laugh"Yes, you don't go back to bed at night, your father doesn't care?" lei asked"He?" Alice grinned. "My father was a drunkard, still a gambler. I'm afraid he wouldn't even come back. When he didn't know it the next day, would he still manage me?" "Larry's brother, I was young When you grew up in the city of Finlay, the city of Finlay can be very big. You must have visited many places. Go, I'll take you there.Alice said with a smileLEI and Alice walked side by side on the street. It was already winter. In December and January in Magnolia, it was the coldest day, and the evening breeze was cold. There were not many pedestrians on the street.However, LEI and Alice walked away and ignored other people."Hey, it's snowing?" Alice looked up and noticed the night sky, and saw a piece of snow falling slowly. "I like snow the most. This snow is the first snow this winter."""I also like snowLei looked up to the night sky, the snow fell on his face and meltedWandering on a snowy night with a beloved girl is still very romantic. The two walk like this on the streets of the City of Finlay."Lee's brother, do you have a girlfriend yet?" Alice suddenly asked, and then pretending to be easy to say, "Brother, you are so powerful, it must have been"" No, absolutely noLei immediately saidAfter Alice listens, she sinks and does not speak"Alice, do you have a boyfriend yet?" lei took it for a long moment and finally asked for an exit.Alice face suddenly red, even the neck skin is red, but can not see clearly in the dark night: "I have any boyfriend, who want me to be a girlfriend?" <div Class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>"OhLei took a deep breath, suddenly said, "or else, you as my girlfriend, right?" "" - " - "Alice looked up to lei in amazement, it seems that all of a sudden silly, and lei has just talked to him, even so suddenly said this directly, it touches Alice somewhat off guardIt's normal to have young men and women in the sacred alliance together. Alice's teenage girls also have boyfriends. She also thought of her boyfriend.But she did not expect that lei would ask such direct"You want me to be your girlfriend?" Alice asked. At this time, LEI felt that his heart beat faster than ever before. Even if he was faced with life and death in the Mountains of Warcraft, he was not so nervous: "Yes, you are willing to ?" Alice blushed, the big eyes staring at lei: "ray lei brother, in fact, this person may not be as good as you think"" I believe my eyes, Alice, I ask you, do you agree? "lei are almost mad, he wants to hear Alice's answer now, can't help but lei sounds a little shiveringAlice sinks for a moment, then gently bows her head and nods"call"LEI's heart excited for a moment, could not help clinging to Alice, Alice is also shyly buried his face in the chestThis time, lei saw the next flower shopJust a moment - "Alice, give"Alice looked up and found a bright rose before her eyes."Alice blushed to accept the rose, lei looked at Alice, the bright rose with Alice's red face, can not tell the movingThis scene is also engraved in the memory of leiLei led Alice's hand and the two walked on the streetSnow flies, the pair of boys and girls wanders in the streets of the city of Finlay in the night. The rose in Alice’s hands is so bright.There are seven people in the clear water paradise, Yale, Renault, George and four beautiful women."The third child doesn't know what's going on. The last time he didn't come overnight, this time it hasn't come yet.Yale shook his head and said helplessly"Oh, that person seems to be the oldest.“Renault leaned on the edge of the window and suddenly shouted in shock.” He also held a hand with a woman, relying on her, the third child even carrying our hook on the beautiful woman.""brush"Yale and George both went to the window and watched carefully.This time is immersed in the sensation of love in the first feeling of the lei, and even did not even notice the next is clear water paradise! Lin Lei and Alice walked through Clearwater Paradise in this way, and continued walking towards Xiangxi Avenue."Oh, what's so old about this time?Yale eyes light upGeorge and Renault both got excited. Renault even suggested: "Haha, when the youngest is coming in the morning, we have to ask him about it."...the next morning, feeling good, lei came to the elegant room of the clear water paradise. According to the rules, Renault and Yale should go to bed with beauty in the right room, but - pushing open the door of the room, lei surprised to see inside : "Yale boss, how are you all three here? "" You ask us, how are you all here? Renault laughed, and George and Yale both smiled and smiled."Say!" Renault blinked. "Last night, who was the beauty with you?""Yale and George are also eyeing each other"Hey, you -" lei completely stunned