Forced by his own brother, lei also very honestly explained the matter with Alice, this is to make Renault and Yale two playboys exclaimedAfter confirming the relationship between men and women with Alice, the two are separated from each other in the two colleges. They can also meet each month at the end of the month and the end of the month.A month later, one month later, on the 28th of December, because tomorrow I will once again meet with Alice in the city of Finlay, so lei is in a good mood."Hey, lei"" Oh, Davy.Lei walked on the path of the Ernst Magic School and greeted enthusiastically with some of his classmates and friends."Boss, you engaged with that Alice, so excited?" Bei Lei nose on the shoulders of lei, disdain, said, "See you stupid, this month, all day laughing"In the past, although lei was not cold, it was not too enthusiastic.Lei's mood can be very good this month, people often laugh"You little kid, you know?" lei looked at Beibei good-humoured, and then lei still high-spirited into the library, slightly selected two books on wind magic, lei entered the reading room began to readIn the reading room, it was very quiet and the wide reading room was scattered with twenty or thirty people.Lei chose a close-edge position and began to read quietly. In the library of the Ernst Academy, about history, Warcraft, mainland geography, and various magical groups, the lei almost touched a little, and then lei spent the most energy. Still wind magicAfter all, lei majored in land and wind magic, while the magic of the earth was taught by the sacred mage of Delin Kewater, but the wind system was different.While reading, LEI is also aware of his heart and can't help but admire him.In the middle of the reading, two hours passed quickly. Lin Lei closed the book: “Grandpa Delrin, it is already difficult to completely understand the magic of the wind, let alone create some wind magic. The"To cast a spell, most of them are magic spells, step by step.Knowing why it is not known, and comprehending some magical principles, even when it is possible to streamline ‘magic spells’ or to control mental power, it is possible to maximize the use of magical power."That is of course. Do you think that magic is so easy to create?" Drinkovt's voice rang in the brain of lei“Even if it was created, it would be nice to let me know that there are more than seven levels of magic. Unfortunately, the Institute is too awkward, and the seventh, eighth, nineth, and even taboo magic is not public at all.Lei is very dissatisfied with this point, but lei is also very clear, behind the Ernst Magic School is the bright church, the bright religion is not to send powerful magic to people in other countriesLei is also a little grateful, thanks to his grandfather's guidance, at least not worry about the Department of magicLooking through another airline magic book, LEI continued to read it... "Integral it is not just the wind system. In fact, some advanced magic in other departments is also the same. Most of them are basic magic extensions.For example, the wind blade of our wind system, the higher “wind-edge chain”, and the higher “Wind-wing chariot dance” until the nine-level wind magic “vacuum restraint” belong to a branch line.Of course, the wind blade develops according to another branch, and eventually it can be transformed into the strongest taboo magic of the “dimensional blade”...”<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script>< /div> Read the detailed description of the book on the wind blade, lei is very excitedThe description of this book belongs to the supreme point of standing in the magical world and then describes it in a unified way.This book is very good for people who have a very solid foundation and can make them form a complete system of magic in their minds."Floating is actually a simple magic, but it is not easy to use, because this kind of magic attaches most importance to the affinity of the elements of the wind system. The higher the affinity, the more elegantly you can manipulate wind magic and wind elements. It can make the tumbling operation speed very fastWhile 'flying' is a step higher than 'floating', the floater is just up and down, and the flight can fly in all directions.Seemingly in all directions, it is essentially just four directions in front of, behind, and behind it.For example, if you fly to the lower left, you only need to control yourself to fly both downwards and leftwards.In fact, from this principle, plus magic magic spell floating, it is easier to launch the flying spell of magic ... ..." read this article, lei in the brain could not help flashYes, the flying technique is more than the floating technique. In fact, it has four flying directions: ‘right, left, right and left’. In essence, it is through the magic of the wind system to control the wind elements and control the body to fly in four directions: ‘right and left’."Yeah, it's just a matter of four winds before and after, and if so, it's not hard to launch a magic spell called 'flying'.Lei brains suddenly imagined several magic spells come outOf course, whether these kinds of magic spells are correct still need to be tested to determineIn the past, LEI only thought that flying was necessary in all directions. It would be difficult to set magic spells.But now, it seems that flying has more than four directions for ‘floatation’. It only needs more than four air currents, which is not too difficult for lei.Lei excited to continue reading"Of course, advanced magic that can be easily inferred is extremely rare.For example, if the 'flying technique' is higher, it is 'the wind's flying wing', and the 'wing's flying wing' is going to have the invisible wind forming two wings. This is very difficult.Magic spells also differ from flying spells by thousands of milesIt can't be inferredLei also nodded slightlyThe more you read down, the more lei believes that the author of this book is definitely a master who studies magic. Because most of the explanation of this book is from the principle of magic, it tells how to study magic spells and tells how to control the elements. Arrangement and so onWhat did you say about how to increase the power of magic?If you are a normal person, you will not see the book if you see some magical elements arranged so complicated.Can lei understand, if you understand the principle, will naturally know how to control magic, to use the same magic, power is greater"Lei” Just as lei immersed in the book, a crisp voice next to it soundedLei looked up and looked to the side, saw a tall, beautiful girl standing next to the lei is a good friend delia, but delia's face is not really good-looking"delia, what's the matter?" lei asked with a smileDelia is licking her lips, silent for a moment before she said: "LEI, I heard, you have a girlfriend?" Delia's big eyes are staring at LEI