Lei slightly surprised, this time lei hesitated, thought a lot in my heart, but still nodded: "yes, her name is AliceDelia's eyes were red: "CongratulationsDelia quickly turned and couldn’t help but shed tears, and Delia quickly ran out of the roomLei himself did not notice delia tears"call"Speak directly to Delia, these words, even if Lin Lei feel bored, but also some easyAfter this incident, lei did not feel comfortable reading it. He remembered the name of this magic book and put it back again.Walking on the way back to the dormitory, lei feels a bit depressed"Boss, I know, you like this delia, right?" Babe said gratefully. "I think delia is good, better than Alice.""To shut upLei d"Oh, I was talking about it.” Bebe proud ofLei took a deep breath, then slowly exhaled, his face showing a smile: "regardless of it, since with delia clear, there is not much burden on my heartWell, we'll meet Alice tomorrow and prepare a gift."Think of Alice, lei's heart will be a lot easier... On the evening of December 29th, Lin Lei separated from Yale and went to join Alice on dry road alone. This time, LEI spent a long time with Alice.Because on January 1 of each year, known as the 'Magnolia Festival', the Magnolia Festival is the largest festival in the entire Magnolia mainland.And on this day of the Holy See, the grandest mass will be held.As the Holy City of the Holy See, the city of Finlay, the headquarters of the Holy See is located in the West City. The Massa of the city of Finlay is the largest mass of the entire Magnolia continent. The Pope of the Holy See will personally preside over this. Formidable festivals, people who wait and see will be very, veryJanuary 1Finlay West City, the bright Vatican headquarters - Bright Temple, is a mega-tall building with a height of nearly 100 meters. It can be seen clearly in other places in the city of Finlay.In front of the Temple of Light is a large square with a few kilometers in length and width. The ground of the square is paved with flat white rocks. At the moment, this square is a sea of ​​people. LEI and Alice are among them.The knights of the Knights of the Holy See orderly controlled the order of the square, and the people gathered here were also very compliant."Lee's brother, wait until eight o'clock, when the group of bright people of the Holy See will come out, there is the pope himselfAlice whispered to leiLei nodded and looked at those knights who maintained order: "Alice, look at the number of maintenance orders, at least there are thousands of knights, it seems that the strength of these knights should not be weak"That is of course. Today is the Magnolia Festival. The order of the order is the trumpets of the Temple of Light. Each knight is at least a fifth-class knight.""Alice had lived in the city of Finlay since childhood and knew much more than lei.Lei surprised in mindFive knights? The lowest are five knights. The knights composed of such powerful knights can be imagined as strong. They have a five-level magician, and they are not in front of others.Alice pointed to some gorgeous people in the distance: "You see, there are so many nobles coming today. After a while, the royal family of our six sacred alliances will come."The time passes quickly and it will be eight o'clock.Suddenly the tall, 100-meter-high temple shone brightly, white rays radiated downwards, and the giant angel statue in the center of the square also faintly flowed. At the same time, the whole square was reminiscent of the wonderful divine music from the world of gods. ... <div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> At this time, a group of people emerged from the side hall next to the Holy See. The knights who wear white armor and have red armpits on their helmetsEach of these shrine knights had knights unique to their masters, and the knights, who were in this row and had a hundred people, marched in neat steps together. The oppression made the whole square suddenly silent."I didn't expect that the strength of the Holy See is so strong. I'm afraid that the least hundred knights are the lowest level soldiers.“Derlin Corvette appeared beside lei, carefully consolidating the group of people. “Surely there are strong sanctuaries today, forget it, or enter the Panlong Ring.”"Drinking Corvette disappeared"Sacred strong?" lei could not help watching the group of peopleAfter more than a hundred knights wearing white armor, there are more than a dozen white robes. After the sacred ritual, the old silver-gown robes adorned by several red cardinals"The pope!" This bald-headed silver robe old man is obviously the central figure of this group of people. LEI could not but concentrate on this person. The bright Pope's body is long and its height is estimated to be nearly two meters.The Pope’s left hand still has a token that is as high as the Pope.Behind the bright Pope and the Red Archbishop, there are four black robes and hundreds of soldiers wearing purple robes. This large group of people walks in the middle of the road orderly. There are hundreds of thousands of people in the square. No one dares.喧哗"Grandpa Delin, you say strong sanctuary, who is the sanctuary strong?" lei asked in the heart"I saw it at a glance. The bright pope and one of the four black robes behind him are all strong sanctuaries.They are also confident that they do not converge on their own breath.For more than 5,000 years, the original Holy See, which had shrunk in the Pu'ang Empire, had even developed to such a point."Derlin Corvette stunned"No convergence?" lei glanced at the group of people. To be honest, the red cardinal, the bright pope, and the four old black robes behind him, lei only felt their majesty, but they did not feel the strongest. breathBut Delrinkwater said: ... The two sacred strong, and did not converge? "LEI, you are still early, a five magician in Magnolia mainland is nothing, only to reach seven, only qualified to be called the strongThe seven-level strong person is only a small person in front of the giants of the Glory of the Holy See."On the mainland, the Holy See, the Dark Holy See, the Four Great Empires, and many mysteriesThe master of the entire Magnolia continent is far beyond your imagination.You are weak and you haven't reached that level yet, and by then you will understand"Drincowwater said with a chuckle," Your greatest strength is young, and the strength of those strong people is only after years of hardships.You will become strong afterwardsLei nodded slightlyIn the Ernst Academy was called genius, lei really thought he was a little amazing, and then lei awakened, in the entire continent, lei is nothing at allWhen the pope passed by, the people in the square began to whisper."Lee's brother, you see, the six major people came, the front is the royal family of our Kingdom of Finland, that blond Han is our King's Majesty, but also our strongest Finlay warriors, nine strongAlice whispered in her ear