It was dark, lei still slowly drinking, Alice's figure has never appeared, the people in the tavern is also less and less, next to the babe is actually very excited, ordinary lei can not allow it to drink much, this time It's a pleasure to drink"Sir, we have to close here.The waiter at the pub walked beside Lin Lei respectfully said"Closed?" LEI Yiyi"Oh, how much money” lei stood up, but felt some dizzy headHe had already drunk altogether six bottles of emerald green wine. Fortunately, the physique of Lin Lei was so good that he could have fallen if the average person had already fallen.Next to the most exaggerated babe drink, drinking a full twelve bottlesAfter paying the fee, lei walked out of the pub. It was already late at night. Several people could not be seen on the road."This is Alice's first missed appointmentLei long breathLooking back at a two-story building in the dark, Lin Lei turned around and headed directly to the 'Clear Water Paradise' on Xiangxi Avenue.Clear water paradise"The third oldest one was estimated to be with his girlfriend again."Yale, Renault and George are talking and drinking"Hey, Yale boss, did you say lei is still a virgin or not?" said Renault with a smile.Yale wrinkled his nose and said with confidence: "This is also a useless way to see lei, like 100% virginHey, old four, go, let's go to rest"Yes, as soon as Yale was walking towards the outside with a pretty woman, Renault also walked outside like a man.""Oh!"The door suddenly openedYale and Renault looked up in amazement. Yale surprised and said, "What's your return from the youngest?" "Nothing, come, Yale boss, fourth child, second child, you came to accompany me to drinkLei sounds a bit lowYale, Renault, and George looked at each other and Yale laughed first: "Okay, it's hard for the youngest to be so refreshing."Yale, Renault, and George all sat down and started drinking with lei."The next day, lei went to Alice's house, but Alice still did not come back.****** Among the Ernst Magic Schools"Alice, is she really angry?" lei walked on the college street and she was not in a good moodLei at random glanced at a shop inside the college, saw the paper on the magical props posted in front of the shop, lei suddenly focus on a crystal ball, but in the brain recalled Alice had followed What I said: "Larry, we are separated in two places. Every time I see other men and women in the college together, I think of you. However, we have a hard time seeing one side only.Hey, if we can all be together at all times, how much betterLei heart in a moveDirectly entered the store, said to the salesperson: "How much is your memory crystal ball?" <div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script>< /div> "800 gold coins"The salespersons have bright eyes and the memory crystal ball is a luxury consumer product." Our memory crystal ball effect is very good. This memory crystal ball, we still specially invited the college water level eight magic masters to makeLei is very clear about the principle of memory crystal ballThe magic of water, ‘floating,’ is attached to this crystal ball by alchemy.When you enter a little magic power, you can start a memory crystal ball and record a length of the scene automatically.When the recording is completed until the saturation is completed, the memory crystal ball will be activated again. The memory crystal ball will play this video repeatedly.After a counter-offer, lei spent 1,200 coins to buy two memory crystal balls“A crystal ball records some of my sights at the college. Another crystal ball I let Alice record myself. I can't see Alice afterwards. I can also look at the memory crystal ball.Lei looked at the hands of two memory crystal ball, his face showing a smile... Stone carving in the dormitory, practicing in the mountains, listening to lectures in the classroom... LEI was recorded in sections until it was completely saturated and could not be recorded again.However, when Lin Leixing stormed with two crystal balls and went to the city of Finlay in mid-October, he discovered that... Alice is still not back.October 29The four brothers once again set off together for the city of Finlay. In the city of Finlay, lei separated from his good brother.Yale, Renault, George three people are watching LEI left, his expression is a bit solemn“The old three-phase structure has been for seven years. The youngest is a genius character in terms of magic or stone carving skills. However, it is clear that the youngest attaches great importance to his feelings with that Alice.If you lose romance this time, I’m afraid that the blow to the youngest will be greatYale said with a frownRenault also nodded and said, "I also feel that the person named Alice has not appeared for two or three times. I'm afraid it will cause problems."" In fact, romance is not a bad thing"Yale laughed." It's a man. How did he grow without falling out of love? I always feel that the oldest loves the Alice, and if I, shit, the woman goes too far, she will get rid of it."George laughed:" Yale boss, to tell the truth I still appreciate the youngest, your point of view, it is too ..." said George shook his head"I adore the boss of Yale."Renault's eyebrows lifted"Don't talk nonsense, go, we go to Clearwater Paradise"Yale, Renault, and Georges went straight to Clearwater Paradise, but when the three went halfway, Renault quietly pulled Layer and George:" Yale boss, George, wait a minute, look over there ,who is it? “Yale and George both turned to look in the direction of Reynolds. From this point of view, the faces of Yale and George suddenly changed.