"What happened to the captain?" Lori whispered to Hillman.Hillman's mouth has a hint of laughter: "The mysterious magician had a conflict with the mercenary squadron.As long as we look at this, don't intervene.Hillman himself is also a six-level warrior and he actually doesn't dare to intervene.The Raptor alone is not what he can resistNot to mention that mysterious magicianThe seven mercenary squads are not weak.Five are fighters and two magiciansThe red brawl of the mercenary squad headed by the mercenary squad has a full-bodied iron cow.The two sharp black corners of the iron cattle are shiny metal.The pair of red eyes, but also shows that this iron cattle's identity of the five wolf's World of Warcraft "thirsty iron cattle"One burdock, two white mists in the nostrils of a bloodthirsty oxA total of seven men, four men and three women in the mercenary squadAmong them, the magician is a woman, and one woman is an archer.In addition to the bloodthirsty Tie Niu, the entire mercenary squad has a giant lion flying in mid-air.Griffins, Level 4 Warcraft! With a lion-like head, the huge wings are powerful and powerful.A mercenary squad has two World of Warcraft and two magiciansObviously, this mercenary team is not an ordinary team."Young people, you still give it to De Pello."On the back of the Raptor, the cold voice of the mysterious magician sitting cross-legged again“Master of Magicians, we don’t want to be your enemy, but this De Pello’s Shadow Diamond is what we’ve costed a lot of effort. This De Pello’s diamond is worth 100,000 gold coins, but you’re the magician. If you want to exchange seven hundred gold coins, this is impossible.The head of the red-haired strong-headed man with explosive hair said seriouslyThe LY in the distance beside Hillman heard this completely understoodIt turned out that this mysterious magician wanted to use the seven hundred gold coins to forcibly purchase the 'Depello Diamond' worth 100,000 gold coins."De Pello Shadow Diamond so valuable?" lei secretly secretly shocked, "so valuable, it is estimated that this De Pei Luo Ying diamond has any important place, otherwise it will not attract that mysterious magician, regardless of identity Forced to buy"Seven hundred gold coins, to buy the De Pei-lung diamond worth 100,000 gold coins, it's no wonder that the mercenary team members could not agree"Humph"Mysterious magician Lengheng soon"There are only seven hundred gold coins on my body. Now I still spend gold coins to buy with you. If you don't know how to advance and retreat, then you will not only lose one gold coin, but also lose your little life."The voice of the mysterious magician is getting colder“吼~~~” The Velociraptor, which is much taller than the town’s general buildings, whispers and squeaks and makes the houses beside the town’s streets vibrate."Captain, this De Pello Shadow Diamond, but we got it hard, how can we easily give this guy a tidy head?A woman in a black robe said coldlyAs a senior mercenary, these seven people have experienced a lot of battles and will not easily compromise.The captain's red-haired sturdy and low-bodied man said: "The respected master of magicians, I, the Kelly family of the Kingdom of Finlay," the captain wanted to oppress with the background.Unfortunately, powerful magicians are generally eccentric and do not care about noble people."You guys are looking for death"Mysterious magician whispered"Be careful"The seven men in the mercenary squad are alert for lightning. Four male fighters are at the front. The female archer is pulling out a powerful long bow from the back. Two other female magicians are preparing for magic.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Hey--" A huge Raptor's mouth opens up with a huge flame. Rush directly to the mercenary squadThe huge flame passed, and the stone pavement in the town’s central street was burned by the fierce heat, swelling, swarming, and even cracking. Many slate cracked a crack, the entire stone road surface It is even more charred"Be careful"The red-haired brawny headed by him said in a low voice that the entire body watch suddenly rose with a red vindictive shield, and the other three warriors also raised the vindictive shield.The two-handed giant sword in the hands of the red-haired brawny rushed to the wall of a stone house next to the street of the town, only to hear a deafening sound, the wall of the whole stone house completely collapsed, and hundreds of big stones rolled Falling to the ground, countless dust splashesAt the same time, the swift and violent flames of the raptors also covered four soldiers. The grudge guards of the four fighters were also screaming."Drink!" The red-haired brawny waved to his right foot, slamming to a stone half a metre in diameter and kickingThe other three male fighters did the same thing. They also kicked to the big stone. Every big stone seemed to go out with a trebuchet. Four big stones pierced the air with a sharp whistling sound. The mysterious magician who is directly on the tall raptor"Oh!" "Oh!" "Yeah!" Hey, he was kicked to the mysterious magician in succession, and the stone building of the stone house that had collapsed was kicked off for almost a while.Lei in the distance to see relaxed and happy, tight grip of both fists"This is awesome. I dare to kick so big stones with my feet.Lei watched the four humanoid trebuchets continuously kicking out a block of stone, and his heart became more and more welcoming to the fighter's line. "However, this fast raptor is even more terrible!" Lei looked at the tall raptor and saw the dragon's tail swing like a whip."Hey!" "Hey!" "Yeah!" "Yeah!" Hey, a large stone was smashed directly by the dragon's tail, and these big stones did not hurt the magician on the back of the raptor."Oh--" The dragon's tail did not take care of it. The swing was too great. A stone house next to it was swept by the fast dragon's tail. The hard rock wall seemed to be muddy and resistant. Cracked, a stone house collapsed and countless stones rolled down and filled with dust."Hey ~~~" was in that diffuse dust, and there was also the roar of a raptor and the giant flame that spewed out of it.From the very beginning, two female wizards hummed the ancient magic spell gently. The pronunciation of the magic spell is completely different from that of the Magnolia mainland lingua franca.The time the two female magicians sang was not long and they finally sang! "The guardian armor of ice!" The two female magicians sang low, and saw two women's magicians flying out of two Pak Mong around the body. There were four Pak Mung, four Pak Mang four. Man's body surface covered with a crystal clear transparent armorHeaded by the red-haired strong man, there is a guardian armor of ice, and a two-layer guardian of vindictive guards."Offensive!" The red-haired strong man made an orderThe four fighters kicked a huge stone at the same time. Four huge rocks slammed toward the magician on the back of the Raptor. Four fighters then shot at the foot and suddenly they jumped more than ten meters. Arrow, slamming towards the Raptors