This is the dragon blood of the 9th level of Warcraft, it is a wasteLei see in the heart of the dragon blood on the stone ground can not escape, according to the "Dragon Blood Cryptography" records, the sanctuary Dragon Dragon's live dragon blood can absolutely trigger the blood of the Dragon Blood Warrior in the body, while the nine dragons live The dragon blood probability is lowerAnd this spine-backed armored dragon is, after all, a nine-level pinnacle, only one step away from the dragons of the Sanctuary.And spine-backed armored dragon is still a very scary category in the dragon race.As long as it is a dragon of the same rank, the spine is the strongest."This spine is an armored dragon, and it is a nine-level peak. There are nine of the strongest dragons.Its dragon blood should not be much worse than Sanctuary blood.Unfortunately, I can't get itLei is now afraid to step into that cave, or two warfare horror warcraft, it is estimated that he waver him into a sauce."The boss, is this spine-back armored dragon dead? It's like it's like a big stupid bear."Bebe and lei soul voice saidLei did not say anything, but stare at the cave, watching the battle of the two World of Warcraft"Haha ~~~" Sanyo black bear mouth excited excited laughter, while the furry black bear's paw turned into a fist, that foot full of one-meter-high fists with ten thousand power, Going down to the back of the spineHe was sick and asked him to live! "Boom!" The furry fists slammed into the deep pits in the ground. Even the entire cave shook and the gravel fell."Well?" The sanctuary of the sacred purple bear shines alone.In the beginning, the whole body of the spine-backed armored dragon photographed inside the stone ground was like a beggar, and it flew into the earth like lightning.As the spine and ankylosaurus move in the ground, the rocky ground is continuously curled up.The sanctuary of the sanctuary bear was defeated, but only the tip of the spiked armored dragon was found.Let the spiked armored dragon go directly to the ground“HahaSadiusAre you ready to hide in the ground and never come out? "Sanctuary Purple Bear looks on the ground and laughs.Sanctuary Black Bear is very clear. On the earth, even if he reaches the sanctuary, he is not as good as the spine.With the streamlined body and sharp claws of the spiny-backed armored dragon, the earth-drilling ability is much stronger than him.If Spinosaurus is really hiding in the ground, he really cannot do anything.However, Sanctuary Purple Bear believes that Spinosaurus is not scared to hideDo not dare to fight outBecause, Sadius is a spine"All of you say that you spine an armored dragon family with extreme arrogance. You cannot allow yourself to be humiliated by the slightest insult. Even if you are sure to die, you are still fighting for the death of your head and opponents.But now, it seems wrong.Your stadius is very timid"Sanctuary purple bears said loudlyHe can only use language to stimulate each otherLin Lei hiding in the channel wall, this time quietly watching the development of time“The dragons are generally very proud and very proudThe dragon’s very special ‘backside armored dragon’ is the most conceited of the dragons."Drincowwater's voice rang in lei's head"Grandpa Delin, why didn't you come out?" Lin Lei had just asked this and laughed.I'm really dizzy myselfThe breath of Grandpa Delrin is now easier to find by the strong SanctuaryThe sanctuary black bear is also considered a strong sanctuary after all."Can't come out. Now your kid is just a small ant in their eyes. They have found youBut it’s too lazy to bother youBut once I came out and they discovered my breath, they were bad.“Drinkovt is still hidden in the Dragon Ring.Lei nodded slightly, and his eyes were staring at the caveThe sacred purple bear is still ridiculed. As for the spine, it is as if it disappeared. There is no movement in the slightest."He laughed?" lei watched in the battle to find the sanctuary on the sanctuary purple bear a touch of a smile, when lei did not want to understand when - very abruptly, that is surrounded by dense dragon scales dragon Like the drill cone, the tail spins through the surface of the ground, piercing the air and making a dreadful "Oh ~~~" sound, directly piercing the belly of the pilgrim bears.It's too fast, it's just too late to react“嗬~~” The Sanskrit Black Bear is like an unknown prophet. When the dragon tail pierces the surface, the huge body retreats swiftly. At the same time, the pair of furry bear paws directly grabs the fast-rotating dragon. tail"Haha~~~" Sanyo purple bear laughed wildly, grabbed the dragon's tail with both hands, suddenly pulled the entire spine-backed armored dragon out of the ground, and then flapped the spine and armored dragon. Towards the rocky ground"Pang!" is like a whip lashing on the ground, and the sanctuary purple bear swaggers on the ground with its spine and armor."Pang!" "Pang!" "Peng!" "Pang!" "Pang!"... The Sanyo Purple Strike Bear wields a fiercely armored body and slams the ground continuously.The whole person danced into a phantom. The spine-backed armored dragon was almost in a breathing time, at least with the rocky ground smashing hundreds of times.Intensive shocks make lei scalp tingling"This is not dead?" lei looked nervous"Haha, Sadijius, make you mad, let me make you blind one eye, haha..." The sanctuary purple bear grinned wildly, and the two arms nearly two meters thick were constantly waving the spines. The back of the armored body is constantly on the groundThe ground is constantly shattered and a deep groove with a depth of more than 10 meters and a depth of two or three meters appears one after another.The stones above the cave were also dropped by the earthquake, and then those gravels had little effect on the Sanskrit Black Bear.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div> "Don't collapse the channel"LEI's head of gravel are falling down, which makes lei can not help but secretly this pattern of black bears, lei had to meditate on the side of the ‘the earth guard armor’ jade armor in the body, life safety is guaranteed ah“吼~~” “吼~~~” sounds an angry roar from the spine of an armored dragon.The Thorodic Armored Dragon's Terror Defense ForceStones do not harm it at all, but this kind of swift waving and then squatsIt's different! It's like a stone, not much damageHowever, once the speed of this stone reaches a terrifying level, it is even possible to shoot through steel plates.Speed ​​is also an attack! Bears and Warcraft are born with great power, and it is even more terrifying to reach the Sanctuary's purple bear power.It is also possible to achieve an alarming rate by wielding a dogged spinosaurus with the amazing ‘arm power’ of the sanctuary black bear.At this speed, the spine and armored dragons collided with the stone surface.This kind of impact will be very scaryThe spine of an armored dragon is twisted like a snakeDissipate impact to the body"Dragon blood, all bloodstainsLei looked at the ground, the spine of an armored dragon was crumbled on the ground, and the ground was also covered with bloodFor spine-backed armored dragons, the body's injuries are secondary, and the most terrible is - dizziness! This kind of speedThe back of an armored armored dragon is beginning to faint. If so,Even if the spiny armored dragon body resists, the brain cannot resist"Sadius, you idiot, you thought you hid in the ground and attacked me. I couldn't respond? Haha.Did you forgetThe sacred strong can separate the power of the soul. All the movements in the earth are under my observation. You want to attack.Haha...” The Sanctuary Black Bear is proudly at this moment.For three hundred years, he had been thinking about revenge. Every time he saw his captured eye in the reflection of the water, he had endless anger in his heart.He persisted in this hatred and anger for three hundred years and finally reached the sanctuary."Oh!" a strange voice sounded, and the body of the spiny-backed armored dragon flew straight out and hit a wall several hundred meters away from the ground. A huge pit was installed before it fell to the ground.The sacred purple bear is holding her long tail“You, did you break the tail?” The sanguine black bear was very surprised, and then reacted and smirked. “Haha, you satays, even down to the point of death, happy and happy."We can force the spine to attack this place, and the sanctuary bears are very happy."Lei is also a bit surprised at the spine back armored dragon is hot to his own, broken tail, the tail is important for the dragon is self-evident, willing to end the tail also need the courage of the man's broken wrist, strongThe spine and the armored dragon ** was bare, and there was only a round wound with a diameter of nearly one meter. It was originally connected to a dragon's tail.Now this huge wound is constantly bleeding out of bloodBut the spine-backed armored dragons have dark gold eyes and are still a cold, staring at the sanctuary."Enough, but you must die today."Sanctuary Purple Bears threw a hand to the side, and his face was full of self-confidence.Broken tail, too much blood lossThis makes the strength of spine-back armored dragon greatly reduced. In this case, the sanctuary of his sanctuary will not kill each other. It would be a joke."Bang!" a low groan, spines and armored dragons all over the limbs, turned into a residual shadow directly hit the Sanctuary Purple BearThe two giant furry bears of the sanctuary black bear emerged in black again, and then two black bears slapped past to spine-backed armored dragons.With the sacred purple-grained black bear's palm, it is absolutely possible to fly the spine-backed armored dragon.However, in the face of two black bears, the spine-backed armored dragon opened his mouth and bite into one of the sacred purple bears.The sacred purple bear's arm is hard but it can't bite“Ah!” With a groan of pain, the Sanguinian Black Bears could not think of Sadiez doing this, because Sadius had done so by placing his head in front of the sanctuary Purple Bear, “Come for Death!” The field purple bear roared, and the other bear was inserted into the eyes of Sadius.Once the one-meter-long giant finger pierces into the spine of an armored turtle and breaks his head, the spine and armored dragon will die.At this moment - "Hey!" "Hey!" "Hey!" ... The whole spiny armored dragon's body fluttered like a sieve, and all the spikes on the spine were flying. A hundred pyramids pierced the sanctuary black bear's body like lightning.The Sanguinian black bear was shot through the body and even had a pointed piercing on his face."Ah, Sadijius, you..." The sanctuary of the sanctuary was full of incredible eyes.The most powerful spine is the 'back spine' and 'iron armor'. Armor represents an amazing defensive power, and 'back spine' is a series of spikes in the body. Many people do not know that spike. What is the useIf defense? With that dense scale, it's enoughattack? How this spine attack people, even if the attack is also a passive attackNothing in Warcraft knows that this spine-back armored dragon has a trick to defeat the enemy. It will completely spin off the thorny spine on the spine.At that speed, each piercing penetration is stronger than the clawsHe didn't even know that this spine had a trick.When the two are close to each other, under the speed of thorns, it is too late to hide.“嗷~~” The sanguine black bear that the body was pierced by felt that his vitality was gradually cut off, and he could not be convinced that he only looked up and ranted.