Lei Lei painful body stunned, the whole back of the spine shook up everywhere, a root spike grows slowly from the lei's spine, penetrate the surface muscles, and slowly grow outThis kind of pain made it impossible for Lin Lei to whisper in a whisper, and his body constantly permeated sweat. While permeating sweat, black scales appeared throughout the body, and each scale was shaped Similar to spiny-backed armored dragon, the only difference is the smaller sizeLei teeth and teeth, throat issued a deep voice to vent some violent pain, at the same time, lei with absolute will continue to operate the "Dragon Blood Secret Code" secret lawThe dragon crystal under the erosion of the Dragon Blood Warrior's veins, the volume has also been continuously reduced, and blood dragon blood warriors are constantly engulfing the amazing dark energy contained in the dragon crystal, the body's transformation speed actually improved again - "嗤 ~ ~ "a blood covered tail covered with black scales slowly emerged from the end of the spine of lei, this tail is like a steel whip"Why, why is this?" lei felt the change of the whole body, especially the spikes on the back and forehead, as well as the black scales, which completely shocked LEI.According to the records in the "Dragon Blood Code," the Dragon Blood Warrior has a triple pattern - the third weight, full dragon form. Under this form, the Dragon Blood Warrior covers the blue dragon scales and even the forehead will appear. One dragon hornThis form is also the most powerful state of the Dragon Blood Warrior. However, the current form of lei is completely different from that described in The Long Blood Code.Lei full body coverage is black scales, not blue scalesLei's back spikes should be no, lei had to think of spine back armored dragonSecond weightIn the semi-dragonized form, the third most important state is the strongest in combat. This state is part of the body's 'longhua' and its strength is slightly weaker.First, normal human form. Under normal circumstances, the Dragon Blood Warriors are in this form.In this case, it is also the weakest type in the triple form.According to the "Dragon Blood Dense Code," when the first time he practiced "Dragon blood grudges,"The body will enter the ‘third pattern’ uncontrollably. This first mutation will be very painful, but only once will it be painful to change again in the future.Lei's body - a dark blue, similar to the black liquid throughout the body throughout, every muscle, meridians are constantly absorbing this energy, lei physical fitness is rising at a terrifying speedThis rapid increase also made LEI painful."Abominable dragons"LEI stunned," is sure to be you, otherwise the family ancestors in the book, will certainly tell the results of the dragon's blood and the need to pay attention"LEI's heart is more and more like gasThere is a clear contradiction in the "Dragon Blood Code" of his own family. The book says that no one in the family has succeeded in using live dragon blood. Why did the book pass to future generations vowed that this method must be successful? This is a clear contradictionFour or five thousand years ago, what did the family look like?Today's lei does not know! "It must have been the persecution of the dragons. Eventually, for the ancestors, they would have omitted the method of changing the dragon's blood.Lei now does not know what to doHis ‘Longhua’ form is obviously not the same as the “Longhua Form” that the orthodox books follow."My willpower is too strong, so I can quickly faint." lei prayed for myself to faint, but once fainted, then they are comfortable"ah ~ ~" lei body suddenly suddenly trembled, hands pointing fingersThere are ten toes on both feet that are painful, and the fingertips of each finger are sharpened, just like the smaller version of the Dragonclaw.This kind of hard growth grows claw pain, which really makes Lin Lei painfully similar to losing his intuition.Feeling dizzy feeling rushed to the head of lei, lei eyes closed, the entire person's consciousness instantly completely asleep"Bang!" lei directly fell to the ground"fainted"Drincowwater stood beside LEI, watching the lei now look likeNot sighing"It's really strangeI did not expect that his ancestor ‘Baluk’ from lei could have such a dragon’s ability to"Drinkingwater wrinkled his brow and said to himself," It's strange to say it, too.There are three other ultimate warriors besides the Dragon Blood Warrior.When I was alive, there were no such four ultimate fighters. Not long after my death, these four ultimate fighters emerged at the same time."After thousands of years of wisdom and insight with Deling Kettle, it is hard to imagine why this kind of thing will happen."“I can kill the Hydra Emperor. I am afraid that the ancestral ‘Baluk’’s ancestral power of lei is stronger than me.“Drincowwater is very clear about the strength of 'The Hydra of the Serpent,' and the Hydra family is a terribly terrible group that can become Hydra. It’s the strongest sanctuary ever seen.That is, he did not have the confidence to kill Hydra."That little mouse is not ordinary“Drincowwater turned to look at the beibei, which is still quietly recovering into the stone walls.” Spinosaurus is the strongest dragon of the 9th generation, and this is called the Sadie’s spine. It was a nine-level summit. He had a dying blow, which means that the 9th-generation World of Warcraft has to break its belly, and this small-eyed rat actually holds up."Derrinkovt had to be surprisedHe even began to doubt... "Is it a shadow rat, not a shadow rat, but a stone rat?"The two major groups of the Warcraft rat are the pebble rats and the shadow rats. The number of stone rats is very large. The lowest level of the stone rats is only one level of Warcraft, and the highest level of the stone rats is seven and eight levels. World of WarcraftThe Shadow Mouse has a minimum of three levels, with a maximum of seven and eight levels.<div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle');</script></div>The advantage of the shadow mouse is 'speed, sharp minions'The advantage of the stone-eating rat is the 'mind-minded'“The stone rats are small and the defense is also in the same class.An eight-grade defensive rat, I am afraid that I can catch up with the nine spine armored dragon defense! "Drincowwater is very clearThis is a terrible thingThe stone-eating rat is very small, but the fur defense power is terrible.Looking at all of Warcraft, whether it is the Dragon, the Bear, the Hydra or other racesThe very small size of the stone-eating rat, in the case of equal levels of Warcraft, the defensive stone rat defense is the strongest of all Warcraft! "Babe's strength, there should be eight levelsIf it is an eight-grade stone-eating rat, it can resist this move and not dieI also believe that it is not a stone-eating ratEight-grade stone-eating rat should be golden ground fur"Derlin Corvette is full of doubts"Black fur, terrible speed and defense are so strong? It's weirdSuddenly Drincowight's eyes glimpseA terrible name emerges in his head! "Isn't this little shadow mouse withIs it related to 'the one' in the dark forest in the northeast of Magnolia? "Drincowwater was a bit shocked. When Derinkwater was alive, there were only two big players in the entire Magnolia continent that really made him feel free to fight back.That year, Drinkovt, ranked fifth in the Magnolia mainland.In addition to the first and second, the other three are not much differenceThe first master of Magnolia mainland and the second master of Magnolia mainland are undoubtedly strong.And these two people, who is the first in the mainland of Magnolia?Who is the secondNo one saidOne of these two people is the Magnolia Empire's ‘Dinghai Pinzheng’ and he is there. Even if the Magnolia Empire is bad, it will not die.The other one is the darkness of the landThe Magnolia Empire in Yulan... C1 year unified the whole + Magnolia mainland has repeatedly split to such a pointForm the pattern of two major leagues and four empiresAnd when the Magnolia Empire was united, the man who was the strongest man in the world became famous."The Dark ForestIs the first strong person of the Warcraft group, I heard that he is extremely fond of the mouse of WarcraftIs this strange little mouse he built? “Drincowwater’s thoughtsHowever, the mainland's super masters that Drincowort knows are more than 5,000 years old.More than 5,000 years ago, there were indeed two superpowers on the mainland that were absolutely absolute, one was the strong mankind, and the other was the strongest of the Warcraft group.Other sanctuary can only look up at thembutFive thousand years later today? "Maybe what happened to the rat of Warcraft?Also a possibility"Drinkingwater so comforted himselfDeling Kettle took a look at lei and babeSlightly nod: "A dragon blood warrior offspring, and a variation of small shadow ratWhat will the future be like when they are together? "Derlin Corvette is looking forward to some of them. Maybe he will be with lei. His days will not be too lonely."A quiet part of the entire underground passageThe body of the lei is still slowly changing on the ground without consciousness. The dragon blood grudge energy in the body slowly gathers in the position of three inches below the navel, forming a structure similar to the dragon crystal.And Bebe's injury is slowly recovering... three days laterLei opened his eyes and suddenly climbed upAt this moment, lei naked naked **, the clothes on the body had long been destroyed in the first ‘Longhua’, and the lei that returned to normal human form was just like normal people."Finally changed back"Although there are records in the "Dragon Blood Concise Code," it can be turned into a human form, but seeing what really happened to his own body, Lin Lei was only slightly at ease.After all, his ‘Longhua’ is different from the 'Longhua’ described in the books left by his ancestors."Boss, you wake up"The sound of that familiarity sounded in lei's headLei surprised to turn around, beibei leaped leap in the arms of lei, holding babe in his arms, lei just feel calm in mind, had beibei armored dragon was dying and caught a serious injury, lei is indeed ScaredThe shadow mouse that grew afraid of growing up with him died."Babe, are you okay?Lei looked at beibei's body carefully, can see lei also noticed that babe's abdomen has a humble woundHowever, lei is very clear, the reason why this wound is inconspicuous than the hair blockedBebe laughed and said: "Nothing, I beibei afraid of that bug?" "Boss, uh, how is there no scar on your body? Also on your face, there is no scar” Bebe suddenly surprised RoadLei only noticed his body at this time"Sure enough, as recorded in the "Dragon Blood Concise Code," the first time the "Longhua" will completely transform the entire body, continue to transform itself, even the appearance of the skin will be transformedLei's whole body is now no trace of injury, in absolute perfectionLei felt the power of the body's cunning, excited at the bottom of my heart"Good and powerful body strength"LEI feels that today's power is at least a dozen times more than in the past."After priming the blood of the 'Dragon Blood Warrior', the physical quality of the whole person will be greatly improved. Even if it is a human form, it will be stronger than the blood of Dragon Blood Warriors.Right fist, the body's dragon blood vindictive naturally mobilized, lei suddenly turned toward the side of the cliff wall to the past"Boom!" Like steel, the stone wall was directly smashed into a stone pit, and cracked along the stone pit in all directions."Sixth level, lei, your human form should have reached the strength of the six-level warrior!" Delinkowater also flew out of the ring of dragons and said to lei smiling.