After the black round table tortoise cracked three stripe marks, the light of the entire mysterious magical array flashed, and the roar seemed to be stimulated, and even more high-pitched and fast--"Boom!" "Boom!" "Boom!" "Bang!"... If the thunderstorms continued to blare loudly, only to hear the sound of "Peng", the entire black circular platform immediately shattered, and the mysterious magical array based on it was naturally destroyed.I saw a clearly visible space ripple that spreads in all directions, centered on the burst.****** When a group of dragons in the Misty Valley were still wondering about the humanoid monsters just now, they suddenly felt that the big earthquake shuddered. All the dragons felt a burst of heart and immediately opened their wings to fly. When we got up, it was just that - "Pang!" The area around it suddenly exploded, and the hill that blocked the underground passage was directly shattered."Hey ~~~" hummed low from the groundWhere the original black circular terrace was, the space was like a white paper, and a large gap appeared.I saw a handsome young person wearing a dark gold robe and bowing to the waist to protect the three kittens in his arms and quickly rush out of this big gap.At this moment this young man is a bit embarrassed and has blood on his face.“Hurrah!” The gap disappeared, but the space in this area was unstable, and there were various chaotic powers dispersed from time to time."I finally escaped.The young people looked at the unstable space behind them, and their faces were full of ecstasy."Ha ha ... how many years have passed, I finally escaped from that place."The young man's eyebrow area also has a vertical knife mark.Suddenly this scar went open, exposing the eyes of a golden pupilThis golden eye shoots heaven and earth"Here, it turned out to be the mainland of Magnolia."This demon-like young man smiled with a pleasant surprise."""Father, I'm hungryThe young man said in the arms of a kitten"I'm hungry tooThe other two kittens also saidTalking cat? Is it Sanctuary of Warcraft? "Okay, haha, there are more than a hundred dragons, you have a good meal."Demon different youth laughed"Oh!" the three kittens cheered excitedly and saw the three kittens diverted into three lightnings and picked up from the ground.Flying directly over the skyIn the process of flying out, the volume keeps getting larger and larger... The young monster is also smiling and moving to the misty valley in mid-air.****** In the Misty Valley, over a hundred dragons are constantly hovering. They simply do not know why the ground will explode.“What is it?” I saw three huge strange shadows appearing in the mid-air of the Misty Valley. Each huge monster is a full 30 meters high and nearly 100 meters long.Just like a lion is magnified by dozens of timesBut these monsters are not lions because the three monsters have huge wings and they have six eyes.Six-head, double wingsThe volume is as large as legendary monstersHowever, the Behemoth has no such terrible monsters."Hey ~ ~" three monsters grow up in the bloodThe bloody mouth of each monster suddenly becomes a whirlpool. The amazing sucking power directly acts on each dragon.Over a hundred dragons are horrified to flee, but this sucking power is too strong. The most weird thing is that this sucking power is only acting on these dragons, but the boulder on the ground is not Affected"Hey ~ ~" over a hundred dragons are screaming in horror and anger, but in the face of that terrifying energy, they are sucked in the past.I saw a huge dragon falling into the bloody mouth of a monster with six eyesThe most terrifying of the dragons is that... The monster's stomach is like a bottomless hole. Although the size of the dragon is slightly smaller than this monster, it should be enough to have a full monster belly.But a dragon was sucked into the stomachThe monster is still suckingOne head, another ... three monsters The power of the bloody mouth is too scary, and the strength of the eight dragons does not have the slightest resistance.A dragon is so sucked into the stomach of three giant monsters.In just a moment, over a hundred dragons have been swallowed by these three monsters."It's good to be happy"One of the monsters laughed." For so many years, it was not a good meal."I thought I was going to die in that ghost place and I would never get out of it."Unfortunately, the old four with the old fiveAnother monster sighed silentlyThe three monsters are silentThink of these days in the ghost place for thousands of yearsThey are chillingno futurehopelessMay lose their lives if not their fatherTheir three little guys may have been killed long agoEven with his father, the weaker youngsters and the old five are dead."Father came"Three monsters saw flirtatious young people standing next to the air, the volume immediately reduced, and eventually became the size of an ordinary lion.Only their hair is colored, so beautiful and movingThe two wings are also much more beautiful than the dragon's wingsOnly the six eyes are a little scary."father"These three monsters are flying happily beside Yaoyi youth. At this time, the young man has no sense of blood. The dark gold robe on the body is not a trace of dust. He also has a smile on his face.""I'm comfortable to eat"The demon youth smiled and said, "Oh, there are two eight-level warcraft here."The monster youth looked to the west of the Misty Valley. At the same time, a four-colored force quickly shot toward the West. Only a moment later saw two massive Velociraptors bound by four-colored energy.The two Raptors also seem to know that the end of the world is coming. They can't help whispering in silence.They are raptors, although they are in the area of ​​Warcraft 8 with the Fire Dragons and Green Dragons.However, because of racial differences, plus they are ground reptiles, the pair of Raptors are separated from the Fire Dragon family and the Green Dragon family. <div class="readmidad"><script>read_adout('read_middle') ;</script></div>The three monsters were eating a dragon with excitement. They did not notice the two fast dragons in the distance.—“A hundred dragons have been eaten so much."Two Raptors tremble in their heartsThe strength of the other party is too strong, and the three-headed monster that has become the size of an ordinary animal can actually speak."You want to escape?" Yao Yi Young smiles looking at the two RaptorsAlthough the two raptors are large in size, the demon youth are only younger than they are, but the two Raptors are trembling and are whispering in a whisper, saying the words of the dragon:We dare not, we dare notThe young monsters seemed to understand the dragon language and smiled and nodded. "Very good. I just came to this plane and I feel very good. I will not kill you."You...subject to meThe swiftness of the two Raptors also disappeared. Two octagonal raptors fell heavily from the air and squatted on the ground. They took a look at each other and immediately knelt on the ground in the most respectful manner.The head is buried low to express surrenderDragons are very proud, but in the face of the masters of the world, they are still surrendering.Faced with this demon youth, the two raptors know that I am afraid that the other person’s finger is enough to kill himself."Magnolia mainland"The demon youth looked around and smiled." What a wonderful place, I believe this time I will not be as bad as it was 5,000 years ago."****** The Warcraft MountainsThe recovery of normal human form of lei, just wearing trousers and a shirtIt is only now entering February and the temperature is still extremely lowHowever, Lin Lei is carefully looking at the handle of the purple soft swordLei at the moment did not know, he pulled out this purple sword in the end just cause so much trouble! Ignorant fearlessAnd although there is also speculation in Drinkovow,However, in the opinion of Deling Kewater, it is just a matter of great trouble that has caused a great disaster and has not had much to do with lei.What masters of the Magnolia mainland will withstand? It’s an idiot to see that the treasure is not taken"Grandpa Delrin, what do you think of these two words?" lei said to DelincottwaterThis purple soft sword has two square characters on the hilt and a lot of strokes"This"Derrinkovt saw that these two words couldn't light up." This type of writing is a common language in hell.I did not reach the sanctuary soonI learned this textThese two wordsIt should be 'purple' and 'blood'"" Purple blood? Lei murmured, "Is it the name of this soft sword?"Is called purple blood? Lei carefully looked at the 'zixue' soft sword in his hand. The 'zixue blood' soft sword was so thin that it was because it was too thin.Although the material is very special, the weight can still be very small, almost only five pounds.Five pound soft swords for lei, no burdenThe dragon's blood rushes into the body. This ‘Xixue’ soft sword immediately becomes straight.With a wave of his hand, “Yeah!” As thin as a dragonfly, 'Zixue' easily crossed a big tree that needs two or three people, and this big tree did not even move.However, lei is very clear that this tree has been completely cut into two halves by ‘zixue’.Just ‘zixue’ is too fast and too sharpCauses this tree not to moveLei suddenly landed on the ground, the whole person leap, and then kicked volley on the thick trunk, suddenly the big tree began to tilt open, cut off a number of branches, the tree crashed completely fell on the groundLei looked at the section crossed by ‘zixue’: “smooth and smooth"There is no trace of this section."This sword is amazing"Babe, who is holding a pheasant, is also staring at the cross-section.Lei smiled and then looked at the zixue soft sword in his hand. In his heart, he said: “With this light, sharp weapon, I’m not afraid even if I’m facing thousands of people.Lei immediately swung his soft sword in his handThe whole person is cleverly drifting in the woods and the 'Zixue' in his hands is easily waving.Sharp! fast! Thin as a flap, making this purple blood almost free from air resistance, the speed reached a staggering paceThe light weight also makes LEI's strength translate into ‘speed’ to a greater degree."LEI Lei, although the handle of the purple blood soft sword can be regarded as sharp, but the degree of sharpness is not too amazing"Drinkingwater's vision is much higher than that of the lei highland. At a glance, the true merits of this "Zixue" are seen.Lei can not help but look at DillingwaterDeling Kewater smiled and said: "This purple soft sword is not a disadvantage to the common trees. However, facing a master, such as a seven-level master instilling a shield, I am afraid it will not be so easy to open.Lei lei"The real precious part of this purple soft sword is two points. One is soft and hard, and fighting an enemy can be surprising.The second point is... Tough! In general, weapons may collapse due to too much vindictiveness and power.However, this treasure is an artifact and it is not."Delincowater explainedLei nodded slightlyToo hard and sharp, the texture may be brittle, and the capacity is not enoughThe sharpness of the ‘Xixue’ soft sword is not too exaggerating.What really matters is that it can be soft and hard, at the same time it has amazing speed, and its own toughness."Speed? Soft sword?" lei heart suddenly a move, no longer will the dragon blood grudge poured into the purple blood soft sword, but the wind magic into theAt the same time, lei swarmed with 'zixue blood' soft swords. After instilled by the wind magic force, the original speed was very scary on the purple blood soft sword speed even further, while the 'zixue blood' soft sword's trajectory was erratic. Marvelously terribly scary, and the soft sword itself is sometimes straight, sometimes bent, elusiveLei heart instantly understand"For me, this is probably the best way to use the "Zixue" soft sword!"