Chapter 77 - TournamentThe elders looked at each other. They were finding Nie Li to be a little too daring with that indifferent look of his towards the Patriarch. However, Nie Hai and Nie En still did not realise anything. Furthermore, the Patriarch announced that from today onwards, Nie Li’s standings within the Heavenly Marks Family will be on par with him.The elders weren’t able to comprehend Nie Hai’s orders. However, since the Patriarch has ordered it, they can only follow.“I received news that the Sacred Family invited a portion of the powerful families to participate in the younger generation’s tournament. They also gave us an invitation, should we join it?” Nie Hai asked towards Nie Li. This younger generation tournament was hosted by one of the Major families once every few years. The amount of people that they invited would be at least a third of all the powerful families in Glory City.If it’s just an ordinary tournament then they’ll be fine. However, Nie Hai is worried that the Sacred Family has some ulterior motives towards them.“Of course we’ll participate, why not? Send a letter towards the Alchemist Association to have them come view it and it’ll be fine!” Nie Li calmly said. Since the Sacred Family has given Heavenly Marks Family an invitation, why not participate?Hearing Nie Li’s words, the elders looked at Nie Li with a little surprise. How could the Alchemist Association be called whenever he wants? However, Nie Hai and Nie En felt that this is necessary.“Then I’ll have to trouble you to write a letter for Director Yang,” Nie Hai said, lightly smiling. He’s been waiting for this word from Nie Li. If the Alchemist Association were to send someone to oversee it, the Sacred Family won’t be rash.“There’s three slots for this tournament. Nie Li, do you want to participate?” Nie En looked at Nie Li and asked. He already knew that Nie Li’s strength has reached Silver rank and has integrated with a demon spirit.“Definitely, I’m participating!” Nie Li calmly said, nodding his head. He just integrated with the Fanged Panda. It’s a good chance use this tournament as a testing for the Fanged Panda’s strength. In addition he has his agreement with Shen Fei, how could Nie Li not participate?When Nie Hai and Nie En were talking to Nie Li, they were using a respectful tone. The elders were unable to get used to this. However, after thinking about all of the elixirs that Nie Li contributed to the family, they quickly understood. They all also understood one other thing.From today onwards, Nie Li’s standing within the clan will no longer be the same.Aside from Nie Li,Nie Xiaofeng and another Heavenly Marks Family called Nie Yu were participating. They both had cultivated to 2-star Silver rank.A twenty year old 2-star Silver rank Demon Spiritualist is considered very good. They were considered geniuses with the family. However the strength of their demon spirits was only so-so. Nie Li wasn’t petty, he got Nie Hai to give them Extraordinary level growth rate Silver rank demon spirits.“This tournament will need half a month before it ready. Nie Li, you can start preparing. I’ve gotten news that those participating from the Sacred Family are all at least 5-star Silver rank!” Nie Hai said. They still have to be prepared for the underhand methods of the Sacred Family during the tournament.“Oh,” Nie Li lightly replied, looking very relaxed.Underhand methods of the Sacred Family? Nie Li isn’t worried a bit. What kind of underhand methods could escape from his eyes?After that, Nie Hai, Nie En and bunch discussed the future of Heavenly Marks Family with Nie Li, including spending large amounts of money to recruit experts to increase the strength of Heavenly Marks Family.“Don’t worry about the money. I can provide a hundred million for the family to execute these things. However, you have to be extremely careful when recruiting people. Don’t invite people of the Sacred Family or the Dark Guild carelessly.” Nie Li thought awhile and said.A contribution of a hundred million coins? Nie Ming, Nie Hai and several elders had their eyes widen to the point that their eyeballs seemed to to fall out of their eye sockets. Nie Li said a hundred million so easily!A hundred million coins would able the family to do lots of stuff, even recruiting a hundred Gold rank experts wouldn’t be a problem!Nie Hai and Nie En were rather calm this time. They clearly know that Nie Li’s wealth is a frightening amount. A hundred million coins is probably a fur within the nine oxs. With a hundred million demon spirit coins, the influential power of the Heavenly Marks Family can be increased by large amount.The elders finally understood why Nie Hai placed Nie Li at the same standing as him. All their unhappiness towards Nie Li was also dispersed. The Heavenly Marks Family is their root. As long as it benefits the family, they will support it. And to those who make contributions to the family, they should have the respect of everyone.Even if the person has a low position within the clan. If they could give the family a hundred million demon spirit coins, they will bring them up.After several hours of discussion, Nie Hai and bunch began to operate their plan, sending people to the Demon Spiritualist Association and Fighter Association to recruit experts.The Demon Spiritualist Association and the Fighter Association are different from the Alchemist Association as they do not have much power. They are only responsible to register all of the commoner’s Demon Spiritualists and Fighters. Generally, commoner Demon Spiritualists and Fighters would choose to be recruited by powerful families. That way, they would be able to get more cultivating resources and stable income for their families. As for those powerful families, by recruiting commoner Demon Spiritualists and Fighters, they can increase their strength.Every family will maintain a certain guard strength for the family. As for the Heavenly Marks Family, due to the fact of lacking funds, they have already disbanded their guard force. Now, they can finally recruit them again.In addition to contributing a hundred million demon spirit coins, Nie Li also took out several powerful cultivation techniques and contributed them to the family. Every member within the family can practise them, and raise the strength of the family.At this moment, Sacred FamilyThe Main Affairs Elder of the Sacred Family, Shen Ming, is currently handling all sorts of matters within the family. At this moment, three young men walked in. The one leading is Shen Fei. Behind Shen Fei, there were two men with roughly the looks of twenty plus years.“Main Affairs Elder!” Shen Fei slightly cupped his hands.“Main Affairs Elder!” The two men behind Shen Fei bent their bodies towards the Main Affairs Elder, Shen Ming. These two men were both members of the Sacred Family’s branch. Their status is far below Shen Fei’s. Although their cultivation is higher than Shen Fei, they were more humble than him.“Mhm!” Shen Ming slightly nodded. He sighed within his heart. Although Shen Fei’s talent isn’t considered bad, having already reached 3-star Silver rank Demon Spiritualist, if he were to be compared to the two branch members, Shen Ning and Shen Xiao, the difference is too big. The young twenty year old Shen Ning has already reached 5-star Silver rank Demon Spiritualist. As for the twenty three year old Shen Xiao, he is already a Gold rank Demon Spiritualist.The talent of the family’s young master couldn’t even be compared to the younger generation of the branch members. This hasn’t happened before in the past few generations.“Young Master Shen Fei, are you sure that you want to join the tournament?” Shen Ming politely asked.“Are you sure that Nie Li from the Heavenly Marks Family will join this tournament?” Shen Fei looked at Shen Ming, his eyebrow slightly twitched and asked. Because of the matter with Xiao Ning'er, his heart was filled with hatred for Nie Li. When he heard that the Heavenly Marks Family will also be joining this round’s tournament, although his strength is still far from enough, he still requested to join the tournament.“I have received the replies from the Heavenly Marks Family. It has already been confirmed that the Heavenly Marks Family will participate in the tournament! That Nie Li should also be joining!” Shen Ming slightly nodded.“That being the case, I must participate in the tournament. I have to step on that kid with my feet and mercilessly humiliate him!” Shen Fei said, his eyes turning cold. Thinking about Xiao Ning'er, Shen Fei’s heart was filled with resentment for Nie Li.