Chapter 4 - Million Demon Spirit Coin?Nie Li glanced towards Xiao Ning'er. She had a slim figure, was wearing a short, yellow skirt, and a pair of high heeled boots. Her black was hair draped over her shoulders. She had bright, clear eyes, curved eyebrows, and long eyelashes that slightly trembled. Her flawless white skin revealed touches of pink, and delicate lips were like rose petals.Aside from having a charming feel to her, she had an indescribable, wild beauty and a cold expression on her face that added a different kind of taste.Nie Li’s eyes went heavy when he remembered that Xiao Ning'er was the first child of the Winged Dragon Family. She was part of one of the seven Noble families. Her soul force talent was only beneath Ye Ziyun. Before Glory City was destroyed, she had already become a Silver rank Demon Spiritualist. Together with Ye Ziyun, they became the younger generation’s twin gemini.The only thing is, in order to curry favor with one of the three Major families, the Winged Dragon Family forced Xiao Ning'er to marry into the Sacred Family. She would’ve had to marry Shen Yue’s elder brother. But she was unwilling, hence, she left her family and went into the St. Ancestral Mountain’s Black Devil Forest and never came back. She’s an unyielding woman.Nie Li felt sorry for Xiao Ning'er. If given the chance, he will definitely help Xiao Ning'er in this life. But if asked if he had any affection for Xiao Ning'er, there would be none. In Nie Li’s heart, there’s only Ye Ziyun.“In the Fighter and Demon Spiritualist tests in two months time, I hope that there will be a few 1-star Bronze rank Demon Spiritualists. Both myself and the Holy Orchid Institute will feel proud of you!” Shen Xiu laughed.Bronze, Silver, Gold, Black Gold, Legend, these five ranks are further broken down into 1 to 5 star levels, and thus obtaining a 1-star Bronze rank is considered the starting point.Once a Fighter’s strength or Demon Spiritualist’s soul force reaches 100, they can be considered a 1-star Bronze rank. Entering the entry level is extremely difficult. Lots of people are unable to step into the entry level to become a real Fighter or Demon Spiritualist.Hearing Shen Xiu’s words, the students in the class started whispering to one another. In order to become a 1-star Bronze rank Fighter you must to be able to lift up a hundred pound rock, and break a tree as thick as an arm with a punch in order to reach 1-star Bronze rank. For these kids, it’s simply too difficult. Unless one has been consuming elixirs since birth, it will be hard to achieve. As for becoming a Demon Spiritualist, one is required to refine a large amount of soul force within their body. This is a lot harder to accomplish compared to becoming a Fighter.Soul realms are divided into seven colours: red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, azure and indigo. A normal human would have a red soul realm. For them to become a Demon Spiritualist it is nearly impossible. They would normally choose to become a Fighter instead. As for people with orange and yellow soul realms, they’re more suitable to train in soul force. The people with green or cyan soul realms are considered extraordinary talents.The students in the class all looked at Ye Ziyun, Shen Yue and Xiao Ning'er. They envied them because they are the only ones that could become a 1-star Bronze rank in less than half a year.After becoming a 1-star Bronze rank, they can then enter into the official Fighter class or official Demon Spiritualist class. At that time, they won’t be in the same class as them.Feeling the gaze of other students, Shen Yue proudly puffed his chest out. As a member of the Sacred Family, he’s had all kinds of elixirs ever since he was young. He has already long surpassed his peers. It would be an easy thing to get his soul force to hit 100 in two months. He shall await the test in two months time.Shen Yue looked at the elegant Ye Ziyun beside him. Only he’s worth of her, Nie Li’s considered nothing! He actually dared to bet with his aunt that he will become a 1-star Bronze rank in two months. So egotistical and ignorant! Nie Li thought that it’s easy to become a 1-star Bronze rank? A red soul realm trash dared to make such an egotistical statement? Ha!Ye Ziyun and Xiao Ning'er looked each other in the eyes. They both had superior origins, which was certainly not bad. Ye Ziyun always wanted to be friends with Xiao Ning'er, but Xiao Ning'er had always seen her as a rival. She set her as the target and continued to work hard to reach her.Shen Xiu looked towards Nie Li with contempt in her eyes and spoke in a disdainful tone, “As for those who claim they can reach 1-star Bronze rank within two months, I want to see to what extent they can actually reach!”One’s soul realm and physical condition determines a person’s cultivation speed. For Nie Li’s situation, according to normal levels, he would need at least three to five years to reach entry level. Even if he becomes 1-star Bronze rank,  becoming a Demon Spiritualist while having a red soul realm is simply dreaming.Nie Li did not put Shen Xiu’s words to heart.“Two months? There’s still time to spare,” said Nie Li as the side of his mouth upturned, showing a faint confident smile.‘Watch how I’ll become 1-star Bronze rank within two months!’Privately, Nie Li, Lu Piao and Du Ze were conversing.“Nie Li, do you like Ye Ziyun?” Lu Piao asked looking at Nie Li.“Yes!” Nie Li said truthfully.Lu Piao stared into Nie Li’s eyes, after a while he sighed, “Ye Ziyun’s a beauty indeed. And seeing that you’re my brother, I shall not fight with you. But as a brother, I have to warn you, Ye Ziyun’s identity is too noble. She isn’t someone we can match.”Although his family belongs to one of the twelve aristocratic families, Ye Ziyun’s identity compared to him is simply astronomical.“You two, can you be more realistic? Ye Ziyun’s a super genius with a cyan soul realm! Soon she’ll become a 1-star Bronze rank Demon Spiritualist. I estimate that in two months time she’ll be able to enter the official Demon Spiritualist class. After entering the official Demon Spiritualist class, her cultivation will definitely soar. Whether she remembers you or not is still a problem. What I hate the most is your kind of noble offspring is constantly thinking of how to chase after girls, when you don’t even know how to work hard and train!” Du Ze snorted, relentlessly.“What do you mean by noble offspring constantly thinking of chasing after girls? You’re slandering! I’ve always been hard-working okay? At most, I’ve only used half a day to think of girls!” Lu Piao shrugged his shoulders.“Good heavens! What kind of people did I get involved with?” said Du Ze, rolling his eyes.Du Ze’s talent isn’t bad. He has a yellow soul realm and works very hard with his training. Plus, he would have a mysterious encounter later on, which would allow him to reach the stage of 1-star Gold rank Demon Spiritualist. He would lead his family and become one of the aristocratic families. These are amazing achievements.Du Ze’s a very loyal person, but slightly old fashioned and takes things seriously. In contrast with Du Ze, Lu Piao’s a dandyish young master. Although he only has a red soul realm, he had high Fighter talents. If he puts in the effort and works hard, his cultivation would definitely soar. However, he’s simply too lazy. In Nie Li’s previous life, he only reached Silver rank, had a huge difference compared to Du Ze.But life is intriguing. Although they are two completely different kinds of people, they still became brothers in their previous life.Listening to Lu Piao and Du Ze’s arguments, Nie Li in his previous life used to feel that it was unhealthy. But right now, Nie Li’s heart was touched. He has these kinds of brothers, how fantastic!“Nie Li, I recommend you to give up. Focus on your training instead,” Du Ze said, persuading Nie Li seriously. If Nie Li really fell for her, it’ll be an extremely sad thing.In his past life, Nie Li couldn’t get away from loving her. After he found out about Shen Yue and Ye Ziyun’s engagement, he became heart broken. But in this life, if he’s still as useless as a scrap of wood, he might as well commit suicide.“Don’t worry, I’m well aware of the things that I want to do and they will definitely be accomplished!” Nie Li spoke with confidence.Listening to Nie Li’s words, Du Ze and Lu Piao staggered for a moment. They’re unable to imagine where Nie Li got such confidence. After they saw Nie Li’s expression, they had a feeling that he could certainly accomplish it. They couldn’t help but be influenced by Nie Li’s mood.De Zu thought for a moment and spoke up, “Fine. No matter what you do, we will always support you!”Being punished and standing together, caused them to produce a strong brotherly relationship.“Du Ze, Lu Piao, I will let the both of you become the strongest Demon Spiritualists!” Nie Li said heavily. In his previous life, Du Ze and Lu Piao shared life and death with him. They had fought and saved his life many times and now that he’s back, he’ll naturally help Du Ze and Lu Piao fulfill their dreams.“Forget it. I only have a red soul realm. With the support of my family’s elixirs, becoming a Fighter wouldn’t be an issue. Becoming a demon spiritualist would be too hard!” said Lu Piao, starting to back out.“What’s the use of becoming a Fighter? The higher you climb, the harder it is to train and a Fighter can’t be a match for a Demon Spiritualist. In the battlefield, a Legend rank Fighter isn’t even worth a Black Gold rank Demon Spiritualist. You must know that Demon Spiritualists are powerful combat forces!” argued Du Ze. He was filled with hope to become a Demon Spiritualist. If he wants to do something, he will give it his best. That’s his principle.“No need to become a Legend rank fighter. If I can become a Gold rank Fighter, I’d be satisfied,” Lu Piao said frankly, completely unmoved.Du Ze’s speechless. Nothing can be said to an aimless person.“You have a red soul realm, so what? I also a red soul realm,” Nie Li said, looking towards Lu Piao.Lu Piao and Du Ze were puzzled. Nie Li has a red soul realm, yet he actually had the confidence to say that he’ll reach 1-star Bronze rank in two months. Could he have some special methods?“Nie Li, what methods do you have to refine soul force in order to raise your Demon Spiritualist level?” Du Ze asked. He’s very curious. From what he knows there’s no shortcut in training one’s soul force.“Just listen to me. As long as you don’t back down, you can become a powerful Demon Spiritualist.”“Back down? Never!” Du Ze firmly said. He will become stronger to change his family’s fate; in this matter, he’ll never back out.If it’s possible to become a Demon Spiritualist, Lu Piao is naturally very happy. If he can become a Demon Spiritualist, he won’t be beaten by his dad for being lazy. Lu Piao belongs to the kind of people where if there’s an opportunity to slack off, he wouldn’t let it go.“Will it be very troublesome?” Lu Piao mumbled.Du Ze threw him a look. This fella is hopeless. He wants to become a Demon Spiritualist without any difficulties. To become a Demon Spiritualist, how can it not be troublesome? If he can become a Demon Spiritualist, he’d do anything. No matter how hard it is!“It’s not troublesome,” replied Nie Li as he shook his head. His complexion was normal when he continued, “We just need a lot of money.”“If it can be solved as long as you have money, this is too easy,” stated Lu Piao as he loosened his breath, “How much do you need? I have a lot. I saved up two thousand demon spirit coins. If I can become a Demon Spiritualist, I can afford to spend it all.”If two thousand demon spirit coins can get you a Demon Spiritualist title, it’s simply too awesome.Nie Li looked at Lu Piao. Lu Piao had a lot of nerve to think that two thousand demon spirit coins can be considered a lot.Helplessly, Nie Li said, “What can two thousand demon spirit coins do? Of course, it’s not enough. You’ll need at least millions of demon spirit coins, or even tens of millions!”Tens of millions of demon spirit coins? Du Ze and Lu Piao took a deep breath. One million demon spirit coins. That’s the same as an Aristocratic family’s annual income! Where can they get so much money?