Chapter 47 - Year examinationWhen news of the Soul Nurturing Pill and the Soul Concentrating Pill's formula was announced, the whole Alchemist Association was in an uproar.Gu Yan has already verified that those five formula are correct. The Soul Nurturing Pill and the Soul Concentrating Pill's effects are indeed, much better than the Soul Assembling Pill!These two elixir formulas have been long lost since the Sacred Empire Era. But now, they have finally re-emerged!At the same time, they were curious. Of all the herbs, only seven are used in those two elixirs, as for the rest, what are they used for? Could it be that President Gu Yan has some other formulas that he did not announce?The whole Alchemist Association began operating. Almost all of the alchemists from Intermediate Alchemy Apprentice and above were busy refining these two elixirs.The commotion within the Alchemist Association was soon spread throughout Glory City.When the news of the long lost Soul Nurturing Pills and the Soul Concentrating Pills, whose effects are over ten times and hundred times that of the Soul Assembling Pills, came out, Glory City was shaken.Because the effects of the Soul Assembling Pill is too weak and too pricey, many people were unwilling to purchase them. However, the Soul Nurturing Pill and the Soul Concentrating Pill is not the same. The cost of raw materials were far cheaper to obtain than the Soul Assembling Pill’s, but the effects are so much better. The Alchemist Association has already announced the price of these two pills. Due to the large amount that can be produced of these two pills, the fixed price for the Soul Nurturing Pill is twice the amount of the Soul Assembling Pill. As for the Soul Concentrating Pill, its fixed price is twenty times the price of the Soul Assembling Pill. However, the effects are ten fold and a hundred fold. This action by the Alchemist Association immediately caused a huge uproar within Glory City.Everyone is looking forward to the sale of these two elixirs.Gu Yan's thought on this matter is, even though the price of these two pills can still be raised, if the price is too high, it wouldn't be suitable for large scale promotion. By promoting them at a low price, this could allow the Alchemist Association to earn much more money, and at the same time, it can also enhance the strength of Glory City in deterring the attacks of demon beasts. At the same time, it can also enhance the Alchemist Association's strength.The moment Soul Nurturing Pills and Soul Concentrating Pills were released, the originally declining Alchemist Association immediately rose up to the heart of all the ripples. Everyone is fighting for those two elixirs. The price of them was even crazily speculated in the Black Market!Before long, the City Lord Mansion released a secret order to get the Alchemist Association to pay close attention towards the production of these two elixirs. The effects of these two pills in Glory City is too big, even the City Lord placed great importance to them.Every member of the Alchemist Association worked overtime to refine the Soul Nurturing Pill and the Soul Concentrating Pill. Although their workload is a little bit more than usual, their rewards were several or even ten times more. Among them, there is already no one who would refine a garbage pill like the Soul Assembling Pill. They fully focused on refining the Soul Nurturing Pill and the Soul Concentrating Pill.Some of the Soul Nurturing Pills and the Soul Concentrating Pills were leaked out of the Alchemist Association. Some Demon Spiritualist managed to get them and tried them out. The results of the pills were extremely good. Many Demon Spiritualists who did not manage to increase their cultivation for a long time, suddenly surged upon taking the two pills. This caused Glory City to be even more excited and filled with anticipation. Many ranked families were prepared to make large scale purchases of the elixirs, and use them to gloom the younger generations. These two pills might be able to create hundreds or even thousands of Demon Spiritualist in the future!It's said that some people from the Dark Guild were acquiring the Soul Nurturing Pills and the Soul Concentrating Pills in large scale, which made the City Lord to issue an emergency order. Those who sold the elixirs to the Dark Guild will be severely punished!The two elixirs already made the gazes of Glory City to be focused on the Alchemist Association. At this moment, President Gu Yan suddenly released an announcement. They are also refining three other elixirs. One of them is the Soul Tempering Pill, whose effects are ten times that of the Soul Concentrating Pills. Its effects could still affect a Black Gold or even a Legend rank Demon Spiritualist. Another one is the Scarlet Body Enhancing Pill, which can greatly strengthen the body, allowing one's physique to improve greatly. Last but not least, the Nine Transformation Pill, which can save lives even when they substain fatal injuries.In that moment, Glory City almost exploded at the news. It's said that the night of the news release, Legend rank Ye Mo and the City Lord paid a visit to the Alchemist Association late at night to meet Gu Yan, and spent a large amount to purchase huge amounts of pills.Even Legend rank Demon Spiritualist, Lord Ye Mo and the City Lord are so concerned about the three elixirs, which caused everyone else to be filled with expectation for the three pills.Soon, Soul Nurturing Pill and Soul Concentrating Pill began to start selling at the Alchemist Association's shop. The scene was lively beyond imagination. Aside from all those big families, there is still many small families around. All were rushing to buy the pills. In a day, the Alchemist Association made a profit of more than six hundred million demon spirit coins. Just this one day, Nie Li was able to get two hundred million demon spirit coins. Yang Xin personally travelled to the Holy Orchid Institute to pass the money to Nie Li.The huge figure caused the elders in the Alchemist Association to be deeply shocked. This also caused Gu Yan's position within the Alchemist Association to be more stable. Previously, elder Hu Shuo colluded with two other elders to rid Gu Yan of his President position. But now, elder Hu Shuo had quieted down, even the two elders who were pulled over by Hu Shuo went to Gu Yan's side.The wealth of the Alchemist Association went up to an astonishing degree. They released a piece of news throughout Glory City. They are massively recruiting disciples to join the Alchemist Association. All fees were taken care of, and once they reach Intermediate Alchemy Apprentice, they can refine pills to earn money. The Alchemist Association's attraction was too huge, and caused many of those who did not manage to enter the Holy Orchid Institute to join the Alchemist Association.A month or so soon passed.Everything was calm. Although, occasionally, there would be people from the Dark Guild around, they did not cause any problems. With Lord Ye Mo and the City Lord guarding, if it's not the attacks by the Legend rank demon beasts, the Glory City would be able to remain as steady as a mountain.Nie Li, Du Ze, Lu Piao, and the trio were all within the Holy Orchid Institute, focusing on practicing. Practicing the most powerful cultivating technique. Inside their interspatial rings, there were unlimited amounts of Soul Tempering Pills and Scarlet Body Enhancing Pills. Every night, they would soak themselves in a Purple Haze Grass bath, causing Nie Li and bunch's cultivation to soar leaps and bounds.However, outside the institute there's someone who’s always trying to harm Nie Li. But, Nie Li and bunch all remained within the Holy Orchid Institute, leaving those people with no way to go after them.The year examination test was nearing.This test will affect the futures and fates of every student in the Holy Orchid Institute. Because the results of this test will get some of the students into a whole new class. The distance between the students will gradually increase.After this exam, every student in the Holy Orchid Institute will be able to return home. But even so, they will still be faced with their parent's questions about the results of this test.Every student within the Holy Orchid Institute are all busy preparing to get an outstanding result from the test.In the Fighter Apprentice Class the main focus was on the bet between Nie Li and Teacher Shen Xiu.Nie Li and bunch haven't show their faces in the class for a long time now. No one knows how they will reach 1-star Bronze Fighter in two months. Everyone thought that it's impossible."Boss Shen Yue, Nie Li and bunch have been hiding within the library every day. They don't even dare to show their faces now! They probably can't even reach 1-star Bronze rank. Just watch as they get resigned from school!" One of Shen Yue's underlings laughed. "Since Boss Shen Yue has taken a few Soul Concentrating Pills, boss should be nearing the 2-star Bronze rank!"'Is Nie Li really not going to show himself? He really can't reach 1-star Bronze rank?' Shen Yue doesn't know how to answer. 'Nie Li is someone who easily defeated 3-star Bronze rank Chu Yuan. Is it simply because Nie Li's control over his soul force is much higher than others? This doesn't make any sense!'However, Shen Yue firmly believes that Nie Li has not reached 1-star Bronze rank yet.Since Nie Li's appearance, Ye Ziyun did not even pay any attention to him, causing his hatred for Nie Li to go deep into his bones. However, he has always been wanting to trouble Nie Li, but there wasn't been a chance to do so. Therefore, he is waiting for this year’s examination. If Nie Li resigns from school, he will not let Nie Li off easily, he will let Nie Li suffer!Nie Li's exposure of the <> has already caused the wrath of the Sacred Family. The Sacred Family has already been suppressing the Heavenly Marks Family at their fullest. Even if Nie Li doesn't resign from school, he will still become a lost dog of his family. Shen Yue can already imagine Nie Li's pitiful outcome!'Who asked you to offend me, and also offend my brother?!' Shen Yue secretly thought. Is Nie Li born to go against his family? Snatching his woman and even snatching his brother's woman. One must know that his brother is the future successor of the Sacred Family!The entire field and forest of the Holy Orchid Institute was covered with people training, preparing themselves for the coming exam. Many students with backgrounds took quite a few of Soul Nurturing Pills and Soul Concentrating Pills. The effects of them is still quite obvious. Some prominent family even managed to get one or two Soul Tempering Pills and Scarlet Body Enhancing Pills.The effects of these pills was still rather obvious. This batch's students had strength stronger than the previous batch, which made the school's higher ups to be in delight too.Wondering if this batch's genius class have anything in the 5-star Silver rank. Maybe a few would be able to enter into 5-star Silver rank. If one was to be able to reach 5-star Silver rank before sixteen, his future would definitely be one of the pillars within Glory City. He would become an important controller of Glory City. Generally, by reaching 5-star Silver rank, one’s future achievements wouldn't be low.In the previous batch, nearly half of the students would graduate and leave. The new batch will come in and fill the spots. Everyone is wondering how many people will be qualified to enter into the Genius Class. This made everyone excited with expectation.Everywhere in the Holy Orchid Institute was festively decorated, preparing for this big moment.