Chapter 166 - An accident“I’m well aware of this, I have already made the arrangements.” Ye Zong said, nodding his head. How could he not understand the importance of this matter.“Then it’s all good.” said Nie Li, nodding his head.“Right, there’s still another matter!” Ye Zong recalled and said, “When I was facing the Snow Wind Great Ape, a mysterious expert released a forbidden technique to save me. I’m guessing, that expert would probably be your master.”“My master?” Nie Li was stunned for a moment. He almost forgot about this matter. He nodded his head and said, “That should’ve been my master. Why?”Nie Li wasn’t prepared to seize the credit for this matter, so his non-existent master lucked out.“Thank your master for me. Furthermore, I’ve obtained a demon spirit from the corpse of the Snow Wind Great Ape. This Snow Wind Great Ape had its wisdom unlocked, it’s extremely precious as a demon spirit. Help me pass it back to your master.” Ye Zong said, taking out the Snow Wind Great Ape demon spirit.Nie Li smiled and said, “My master already told me that this Snow Wind Great Ape demon spirit is of no use to him. He has been pondering over what to send father-in-law as a gift, so consider this Snow Wind Great Ape a dowry!”“Dowry?” Ye Zong was dumbfounded. Nie Li and Ye Ziyun have yet to even have their engagement ceremony and he’s already giving a dowry? His face went dark, “Nie Li, this wouldn’t be something that you came up with, right?”Nie Li’s face suddenly turned serious and solemnly said, “A day as a master, father for life. My respect for my master is something only the heavens and earth can express. Without the permission of him, how could I dare to give away something so precious?”Ye Zong was stunned by Nie Li’s expression. Could it be that this is really the dowry of that expert? Should he accept this or not? If he doesn’t accept it, it’ll mean that he’s not giving that supreme expert any face. If he accepts it, it’d be the same as marrying his daughter off!However, was everything that Ye Zong have accepted any less? The Ten Thousand Demonic Beast Array, the Blood Crystals and now, adding a Snow Wind Great Ape demon spirit into the pot. This is simply an arrow that has no way of returning. It’s easy to accept all of this, but hard to send them back. Ye Zong was simply tearing silently in his heart. If he were to continue to oppose this marriage, he won’t even know who to show his face to anymore.Once he integrates with the Snow Wind Great Ape, Ye Zong might be able to step into the Legend rank realm. He has to admit, this kind of temptation is too great. When Ye Zong reaches Legend rank, it won’t be as dangerous when he’s facing the demon beast hordes.Accept it or not. Ye Zong struggled with the decision for a long time. Gritting his teeth, he accepted it. After accepting so much already, adding one more doesn’t really matter that much.“Cough cough. Nie Li, I’ve accepted this Snow Wind Great Ape. As for Yun’er, as long as she is willing, I’ll have no other comment. But if she is not willing……” Ye Zong dryly coughed.“It’s all good as long as you don’t disagree to it.” Nie Li laughed and said, “As for Ziyun’s side, I will definitely not make her feel any sadness.”Ye Zong’s face heat up, but he could do nothing about it.“I’ll return first,” said Nie Li, bidding farewell.Seeing Nie Li’s leaving figure, Ye Zong smiled and cross-leggedly sat down and began integrating with the Snow Wind Great Ape. Although Ye Zong’s Black Scaled Earth Dragon is a demon spirit that carries a trace of dragon-tribe’s blood, it still pales in comparison with the Snow Wind Great Ape. There are extremely few demon spirits that had its wisdom unlocked, even if it’s a Legend rank demon spirit. As long as they have their wisdom unlocked, they can be considered a step closing to Legend rank. In the end, Ye Zong removed his Black Scaled Earth Dragon without any hesitation and chose to integrate with the Snow Wind Great Ape.Sacred FamilyAll kinds of valuables were thrown onto the ground. After returning home, Shen Hong was simply going crazy and was destroying anything within reach.Even after so many years, his cultivation continues to be beneath Ye Zong’s. Although both of them have reached Black Gold rank, he is still not Ye Zong’s opponent. Shen Hong has always been very unresigned about this fact. This time, when Ye Zong obtained a precious Snow Wind Great Ape demon spirit, it made him even more enraged.Once Ye Zong integrates with the Snow Wind Great Ape, he might even be able to step into Legend rank!“Why don’t I have such a good life?!” Shen Hong was extremely furious, “Ye Zong, even though we have grown up together, your cultivation had always been stronger than mine, suppressing me in everything and even obtained the City Lord’s position. You even married the once most beautiful woman in Glory City. How am I worse than you? The only reason as to why my cultivation lost out to you is because you’re the direct descendent of the Snow Wind Family! On what basis should you keep all the benefits to yourself?!”Shen Hong’s was so angry, his face became twisted.“One fine day, I will take away everything you have. Just like when I poisoned your woman, I will take everything from you!” Shen Hong’s fists were cracking from his tight clench.After a long time, Shen Hong’s anger slowly settled down. The vicious in his eyes also slowly went away.Aside from Ye Zong, Shen Hong hates one other person the most and that is Nie Li! Since Nie Li’s appearance, his Sacred Family attracted the attention of the Snow Wind Family and was landed in this current position. It was slowly being pulled out of the core power of Glory City.Originally, in just one or two more years, the Sacred Family’s arrangements would’ve been completed. By the time the Snow Wind Family took action, they wouldn’t be able to defend against them. But now, they’re being monitored and are unable to do anything about it.“Ye Zong, you think that my Sacred Family is unable to do anything? You’re underestimating my Sacred Family far too much. Before long, I will let you taste the bitter fruit!” Shen Hong coldly snorted, a ray of ferociousness flashed across his eyes.A guard hastily ran in, kneeled in front of Shen Hong and said, “Lord Patriarch, we have just received news that the City Lord, Lord Ye Zong, is gathering all the families’ experts in ten days time to discuss the various methods to deal with the demon beast horde!”“Discuss methods to deal with the demon beast horde?” Shen Hong fell deep into his thoughts. The demon beast horde just ended and him wanting to gather the experts from all the families is something that makes sense, but the Sacred Family is now in a dire state. Shen Hong fears that Ye Zong will have some plans made. In this kind of situation, if he doesn’t participate in the gathering, he would become a topic among the other experts.‘It seems like this trip has to be made.’ Shen Hong thought inwardly to himself. However, some preparations still needs to be made.Inside Ye Ziyun’s room.Ye Ziyun is helping Xiao Ning’er tend to her wounds. She picked up a towel and carefully wiped her body.The two of them were quiet and did not speak for some time. They were good friends when they were children, but gradually distanced each other as they grew older. They weren’t brought back together till they met Nie Li. Because they have grown up, some things have changed, but some things have not.“Ning’er, we haven’t been speaking for quite some time.” Ye Ziyun said sadly.“Yeah.” Xiao Ning’er softly replied.Ye Ziyun’s thoughts returned to their early childhood. At that time, they were innocent, leaving their laughter everywhere in the City Lord’s Mansion. However, Ning’er eventually left, only leaving Ziyun to the cold and tall walls of Glory City and the endless loneliness.She still remembered that there was once a time when she threw tantrums. Xiao Ning’er cried as she left and said, “Ye Ziyun, I hate you. You’re the daughter of City Lord and I am nothing. You always live high up, never caring about my feelings.”Thereafter, Xiao Ning’er never came back to the City Lord’s Mansion. Ye Ziyun was also very regretful, hating herself. She was the one that chased her best friend away. When she entered the institute, Ye Ziyun did not go to the Genius class, but to the Fighter Apprentice class, where Xiao Ning’er was.At that time, when she met Xiao Ning’er, Xiao Ning’er had a cold expression on her face. She tried to get close to Xiao Ning’er, but was coldly shaken off.“We are not of the same world.”This was Xiao Ning’er’s reply to her.At that time, Ye Ziyun wanted to let out a big cry. She wished that she wasn’t the daughter of the City Lord, she didn’t feel even a little happy being the daughter of the City Lord.It wasn’t until later, that Ye Ziyun was able to see Xiao Ning’er’s smile once again. It happened whenever she was facing Nie Li, that gentle and peaceful smile. It’s also at that point of time, Ye Ziyun became somewhat curious about Nie Li. How, exactly, did Nie Li lure the attention of Xiao Ning’er?Later on, even under Nie Li’s pestering, Ye Ziyun never hated Nie Li. Instead, she was getting little good impression about him. However, she wasn’t like Xiao Ning’er, who was able to selfless love someone.“Don’t worry, I won’t snatch him from you. I won’t be someone who’s indecent all day long like that fella, Nie Li!” Ye Ziyun smiled, looking at Xiao Ning’er. However, when she said those words, she couldn’t help feeling bitter in her heart. Nie Li, Ning’er likes you so much, so why are you still pestering me?“Ye Ziyun, I……” hearing Ye Ziyun’s words, Xiao Ning’er wanted to say something.Ye Ziyun lightly smiled as she shook her head and said, “Let's not discuss this, right now.” as she continued to help Xiao Ning’er wipe the blood off her body.Because of her injuries, there were traces of blood all over Xiao Ning’er’s body. After wiping it all off, that smooth and delicate, jade-like skin had, once again, become crystal clear. At this moment, only her chest was slightly covered. Her curvy figure was clearly being showed.Ye Ziyun was also only covered by a thin layer of cloth. Her delicate skin could vaguely be seen underneath. She sat on the corner of the bed with grace and elegance, having a different kind of beauty from Xiao Ning’er.If there was someone else here, they’d definitely be shocked by their beauty and sigh at the magic of good luck.Just when Ye Ziyun was helping Xiao Ning’er wipe the rest of her body, the door outside squeaked and opened. A figure jumped into the room, and that figure was Nie Li.“Ziyun, Ning’er, how are you guys……” Nie Li’s gaze fell onto Ye Ziyun and Xiao Ning’er’s bodies and was stunned.When Nie Li suddenly barged in, both Xiao Ning’er and Ye Ziyun were stunned. They never expected Nie Li to barge in here. With how fast he got there, they didn’t even have the time to get properly dressed!Nie Li rushed here from Ye Zong’s place and was anxious about Ziyun and Ning’er’s conditions. How could he think too much about it before coming in without warning? Who would have known that both of them were not properly dressed?