Chapter 101 - Devouring Demon SpiritsNie Li and Xiao Ning'er both stood up. Under the guidance of Ancestral Founder Ye Yan, they went into the deeper part of the Heavenly Sacred Border.As they walked further into the Heavenly Sacred Border, all sorts of illusions began to appear within their heads, as though thousands of demon beasts were attacking from all sides.However, this type of low level illusion had no effect on Nie Li. Because Nie Li’s mind was already very firm.Xiao Ning'er’s face was slightly ashened from fighting back the illusions. Sweat was drenching her clothes. The geniuses that came into the Heavenly Sacred Border previously, did not dare to walk so deeply into the Heavenly Sacred Border. The deeper they went into the Heavenly Sacred Border, the more dangerous it was.Nie Li felt an intense murderous aura coming from far away.It’s the aura of the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword!This terrible aura alone was a great pressure to others!The core of the Heavenly Sacred Border is the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword! The Heavenly Sacred Border is being supported by the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword!Seeing as the murderous aura was overpowering and was about to sweep over Xiao Ning'er, Nie Li suddenly let out a furious snort. He bombarded Xiao Ning'er’s soul realm as fast as thunder. Her expression shivered as her mind cleared up.“You alright?” Nie Li looked at Xiao Ning'er, lightly smiled and said.“Mhm, thanks, Nie Li,” Xiao Ning'er gratefully looked at Nie Li. If it wasn’t for Nie Li’s help, she would have already been swept up by that terrifying murderous aura.Due to her sweat, Xiao Ning'er’s thin clothes were closely stuck to her skin, exposing that sexy figure of hers even more. The perks in front of her chest stood even more proudly.Ning'er is becoming more and more mesmerizing, causing Nie Li to be dumbfounded as he looked at her. He embarrassedly touched his nose and retracted his gaze.Feeling Nie Li’s heated gaze, Xiao Ning'er’s face flushed red. She lowered her head, although she felt shy, she had a faint joy in her heart.“Ancestral Founder Ye Yan, if I managed to subdue the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, you’ll follow me, were you serious?” Nie Li immediately changed the subject, faced Ye Yan and said.“Of course.” Ye Yan said, “I’ll keep my words! If you can really subdue the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, I won’t be able to remain in the Heavenly Sacred Border anymore. My soul is attached to the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, which is why my soul did not disperse yet. However, brat, I have to advise you on one thing. To pull out the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword isn’t an easy thing to do!”“If this matter was easy, then there wouldn’t be any point to it!” Nie Li wasn’t worried, indifferently smiled and said.Ye Yan was puzzled. Why is Nie Li so confident?If Nie Li pulled out the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, it wouldn’t be a bad thing to leave the Heavenly Sacred Border and have a look at the outside world!As time passed, they gradually got closer to the core of the Heavenly Sacred Border. On an ancient altar far away, a divine sword appeared within Nie Li’s sight. This sword was immersed in lightning. The sound of wind and lightning was coming from it.Such a terrifying murderous aura!The Divine sword has a soul. Even though they were a hundred meters away, they can still feel that bone penetrating chill.“What’s the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword?” Xiao Ning'er exclaimed. Even though the distance was so great, she can still feel that strong soul pressure. Taking a step forward would be difficult.While she felt that soul pressure, Xiao Ning'er felt her soul force being rapidly strengthened. The [Lightning Dragon] cultivating technique was quickly revolving within her body. Her soul realm seems to have a dragon soaring within.After a moment, Xiao Ning'er’s soul realm exploded. Her soul force was rushing through her limbs and veins.Boom!Breakthrough!5-star Silver rank!The [Lightning Dragon] technique was a fiercely progressing cultivation technique, the cultivation speed is even more powerful than Nie Li’s [Heavenly God] cultivation technique. Under the power of the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword along with Xiao Ning'er being able to Soul Form, her cultivation speed was even more frightening.Only one step from Gold rank!Although her cultivation has yet to reach Gold rank, Xiao Ning'er’s cultivation technique was too strong. An ordinary 1 or even2-star Gold rank expert might not be her opponent.Seeing Xiao Ning'er’s cultivation soar and improve, Nie Li couldn’t help lightly smiling. The current Xiao Ning'er, already has enough strength to get rid of her past fate.“Integrate with this demon spirit.” Nie Li passed a demon spirit crystal over to Xiao Ning'er.“What is this?” Xiao Ning'er curiously looked at the demon spirit crystal from Nie Li.“Wind Lightning Attribute, Heavenly Lightning Sparrow. A demon spirit with a God level growth rate!” Nie Li said, tucking it in Xiao Ning'er’s hands.“Nie Li, I……” Xiao Ning'er raised her head, a hint of tears flashed across her eyes. Nie Li treated her so well. She has no idea how to pay him back.Nie Li patted Xiao Ning'er’s shoulders, lightly smiled and said, “Quickly integrate with it. With your strength now, if you have the Heavenly Lightning Sparrow, even I might not be your opponent!”In order to follow Nie Li’s steps, in order to stand side by side Nie Li one day!Xiao Ning'er began integrating with the Heavenly Lightning Sparrow.“Brat, you actually obtained a Heavenly Lightning Sparrow, but what does God level growth rate mean?” Ancestral Founder Ye Yan asked, frowning his brows.“Why should I tell you?” Nie Li threw his hands out and said.“You…...Forget it if you don’t want to tell me!” Ancestral Founder Ye Yan let out two snorts.Taking a glance at Xiao Ning'er, Nie Li raised his head and walked towards the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword.Seeing Nie Li walk closer to the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, Ye Yan also quieted down. His gaze was on Nie Li’s back figure.Can Nie Li pull out the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword?According to common sense, Nie Li is still a Silver rank Demon Spiritualist, not even a Gold rank. How can he pull out the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword? One must have at least the strength of a Legend rank Demon Spiritualist in order to control the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword!However, Ye Yan wasn’t sure if Nie Li couldn’t do it.Nie Li is too monstrous. Whether it’s his cultivating technique, various skills or his vast knowledge, they all surpassed the imagination of others. Ye Yan almost thought that Nie Li was an old monster that lived for a few hundred years.Fifty meters away from the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, a terrifying pressure blew over.Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword has killed a countless amount of demon beasts. After soaking in the blood of those demon beasts, it became even more powerful. At the same time, it also devoured countless demon spirits, causing it to form an extremely powerful sword soul. It was filled with a terrifying murderous aura.The terrifying murderous aura was tidal wave that swept over everything with the intent to swallow everything up.It’s really worthy of being an ancient sword!If it was an ordinary demon spiritualist, even if they had reached Black Gold rank Demon Spiritualist, they would go insane from the terrifying murderous aura.At the moment when the murderous aura rushed towards Nie Li, he let out a soft snort, hastily called out the Shadow Devil Demon Spirit and rapidly merged with it. Thereafter, he activated the void combat ability.His body gradually disappeared.That reality-like murderous aura passed through Nie Li’s body and did not cause any harm to him.Seeing this scene, Ye Yan’s eyes slightly narrowed. He can knows that there are two demon spirits within Nie Li’s soul realm. However, he doesn’t know what those two demon spirits were until this moment. The moment he saw Nie Li activating the demon spirit combat ability, he sucked in a mouth of cold air.“He has the Shadow Devil Demon Spirit!” Thinking about the big name of the Shadow Devil Demon Spirit, he felt his scalp tingling.In an era so long ago, the Shadow Devil was an extremely powerful demon spirit. Those who integrated with Shadow Devil Demon Spirit were all extremely powerful assassins. Even Legend rank Demon Spiritualists would have a hard time guarding against them. Countless Legend rank Demon Spiritualists died under the sharp blade of the Shadow Devil Demon Spirit.After that, the Shadow Devil Demon Spirits were close to extinction. The demon spiritualists who merged with the Shadow Devil Demon Spirit became less and less.He never thought that he would actually see someone that has integrated with the Shadow Devil Demon Spirit today!‘No wonder this brat is so confident about pulling out the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, he came prepared!’ Ye Yan secretly sighed.After going into void form, Nie Li slowly got closer to the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword. Step by step he ascend to the altar. When he got to within two meters from the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, Nie Li’s figure slowly emerged. At the inner part of the altar, that murderous aura from the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword could no longer be felt.Nie Li did not continue to get close to the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword but crossed his legs and sat down. Waves of soul force was emitting out from his body, bombarding towards the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword.Ohmm!An exploding sound came from the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword as it emitted a terrifying thunderous sound.Tens of millions of demon beast’s spirits turned into lightning flashes, bombarding towards Nie Li.“Come!” A demon spirit gradually rose from Nie Li’s body. It’s the Fanged Panda. This demon spirit was guarding Nie Li’s side, fighting those demon spirits.One of the demon spirits rushed into Nie Li’s soul realm.Nie Li’s soul realm became a whale that opened it’s mouth, directly swallowing that demon spirit inside.Like a terrifying golem, it crushed that demon spirit into fragments. The soul force from that demon spirit was completely absorbed by Nie Li, turning into his own.After a moment, another demon spirit rushed into Nie Li’s soul realm.The Fanged Panda were deadly guarding outside Nie Li’s soul realm. It only allowed one demon spirit to enter at a time.Nie Li devoured demon spirits nonstop. His cultivation constantly rose. 4-star Silver rank, 5-star Silver rank, gradually getting closer to the realm of Gold rank Demon Spiritualist.Countless demon spirits were crushed, their soul forces were formed into a rope by Nie Li that was moving towards the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword.Boom! Boom! Boom!His soul force was bombarding against the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword’s surrounding lightning light. They were constantly bombarding one another, bursting again and again.Seeing this scene, Ye Yan immediately understood. Nie Li is using this method to subdue the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword!