Chapter 2 - IgnorantNext to Ye Ziyun sat a tall and handsome boy who was, occasionally, catching a glimpse of Ye Ziyun. He noticed that Ye Ziyun was looking at Nie Li. He threw a furious look towards Nie Li. His height were slightly taller than Nie Li, and began emitting a faint yin aura.Naturally, Nie Li recognized this person. He’s Shen Yue. He belongs to the Sacred Family, which is one of the three Major families and has extraordinary talent. Shen Xiu, who’s currently talking on the stage, is his aunt.In Nie Li’s past life, Shen Yue had always been Ye Ziyun’s pursuer. Before Glory City was destroyed, Shen Yue and Ye Ziyun almost got married. In the eyes of their families, they had always been a perfect match. If Glory City wasn’t destroyed, both of them would have definitely gotten married. Before they underwent the marriage ceremony, Glory City was under the attack of the Snow Wind beasts. before the city was broken through by the beasts, the Sacred Family betrayed Glory City by abandoning their duties and fled.This may be the work of fate. Ye Ziyun did not become Shen Yue’s wife in his previous life. Instead, she had some kinship activities with Nie Li.Thinking back, Nie Li couldn’t help laughing in his heart. However, after he saw Ye Ziyun and Shen Yue’s glares, Niu Li couldn’t help feeling a headache forming. The current Ye Ziyun had a few good impressions of Shen Yue. The look that Ye Ziyun give to Nie Li was full of disdain. Ye Ziyun must have thought of him as a lazy, playful person.When he saw Ye Ziyun look in his direction, Nie Li felt a lag in his breath. When he saw that familiar face, he began to think of everything that happened in his previous life. Nie Li couldn’t help feeling sour in his nose. He revealed a smile as he looked deeply at Ye Ziyun.‘Many thanks to the Temporal Demon Spirit Book. It allowed us to meet once again.’ Nie Li silently thought with gratitude.‘Weirdo,’ Ye Ziyun thought. She felt that Nie Li’s gaze was somewhat strange. His bright eyes shined like stars, with a touch of sadness. Ye Ziyun’s heart was filled with questions. Does she know Nie Li? Why does he look at her with that kind of gaze?Ye Ziyun’s a beauty with white teeth and vermilion lips. She was like a lotus blooming silently, while having an unspeakable cute temperament. This was why there are so many boys fascinated with her.At this point, Shen Xiu’s gaze swept passed Nie Li’s body. The action of these thirteen-fourteen year old kids couldn’t escape her eyes. She is a Silver rank Demon Spiritualist. She already reached the state of having the mind and body being one powerful sixth sense. Her eyesight was extremely keen. She could even see a fleeing rat over a hundred meters away.Ye Ziyun has a noble identity. She has the status of being the daughter of Glory City’s City Lord, as well as being the granddaughter of the Legend rank Demon Spiritualist, Ye Mo. Not only that, she has a cyan soul realm formed within her dantian. A rare talent!Only a few people in the Holy Orchid Institute know of Ye Ziyun’s identity. If Shen Yue manages to have Ye Ziyun as his wife, it could strongly strengthen the Sacred Family’s position in Glory City. This is also why he’s in the Fighter Apprentice class. It’s also another reason why Shen Xiu is teaching this class.Shen Xiu reverted her transformation with both of her arms hugging her chest. her eyes swept across the students and said, “For the next two years, all of you are my students. Although the principal mentioned that Holy Orchid Institute’s students are equal, I have to let you know the ugly truth. In this world, equality doesn’t exist!” Shen Xiu spoke in a slightly shrill voice. Her words were like daggers that heavily stabbed into the hearts of the students.The students below the stage were quietly listening. No one spoke a word.“After you have all grown up and left this school, you will agree with my words. Equality is merely a lie that adults fill you with. You can’t be living in a fairy tale forever,” Shen Xiu said, lowering her head to look at the students. “Glory City is the only city that has been preserved throughout the Age of Darkness. We are the only surviving humans. Within Glory City there are two kinds of powerful existences.The Fighters and the Demon Spiritualists. A Demon Spiritualist’s existence is noble. Only one Fighter within thousands or tens of thousands could have a chance of being born a powerful Demon Spiritualist. Until now, in all of Glory City, only a few thousand Demon Spiritualists exist. We are the guardians of Glory City!”“Fighters and Demon Spiritualists are divided into Bronze, Silver, Gold, Black Gold and Legend ranks. The higher the rank, the more powerful one is. If a family produces a Gold rank Demon Spiritualist, they can become an aristocratic family. If a family produced a Black Gold rank Demon Spiritualist, they can become a Noble family. If a family produces three Black Gold rank Demon Spiritualists or a Legend rank Demon Spiritualist, that family can become a Major family. We have thirty-six people here. Some come from commoner families, some come from noble families. Although your starting point is the same, your identities are not. I hope each and every one of you has self-awareness and a degree of manners. Commoners will always remain commoners. It’s impossible for you to become an Aristocratic family, so do not dream of rising up to become a phoenix. Even within nobility, they have a strict difference of levels that can never be exceeded.”Under Shen Xiu’s gaze, the students that were simply dressed in the class showed discomfort on their faces. They were embarrassed and lowered their heads. Shen Xiu, and a few nobles, proudly pushed out their chests and showed arrogant pride. Only Nie Li, Ye Ziyun, Lu Piao and a few other nobles kept calm.Nie Li looked to the side. Du Ze was wearing slightly worn out clothing. He was clenching his fists tightly, and biting his lips. Du Ze came from a commoner family. His family’s circumstance is extremely tough. But Nie Li knows that Du Ze’s self-esteem is very strong.In Nie Li’s past life, Du Ze was very hard working, even though his family’s circumstance wasn’t good. His talent isn’t too bad, either. With enormous effort, he became a Gold rank Demon Spiritualist. He had achieved this without the support of large resources, and no exceptional talent. He depended on his own hard work to reach such a level. One can only imagine how much effort he had to put in.Before Glory City was destroyed, many noble families were thinking of how to escape. Only the commoners fought for Glory City down to their last breath.Du Ze is Nie Li’s friend, one of his most esteemed friends.Seeing Shen Xiu’s face full of contempt, Nie Li could not help feeling a surge of anger within his heart. In his past life, before Glory City was broken through, the Sacred Family was the first to flee. Therefore, Nie Li does not have any pleasant impressions for them. Whether it’s Shen Yue or Shen Xiu, there weren’t any redeeming qualities. In his past life Shen Xiu was very harsh, which lead to Nie Li disliking her.“Teacher Shen Xiu, I have a question,” Nie Li suddenly spoke.All the students were listening quietly and Nie Li suddenly interrupted her speech. This made Shen Xiu unhappy. Shen Xiu recognized Nie Li since he was the one who had covet over Ye Ziyun. The words she spoke previously was directed at Nie Li. Who would have thought Nie Li would actually speak up?She coldly snorted, “What is it?”“Teacher Shen Xiu says that Glory City is the only one that survived the Age of Darkness, that we are the only surviving humans. What proof do you have on this statement? May I ask if teacher ever went out of the St. Ancestral Mountains and visited the Endless Desert, the Toxic Forest, the Blood Moon Marsh, the Spirit Gulf, the Heavenly Luster Mountains, and the Northern Snow before?” Nie Li asked.As someone who was reborn, and retained his past experiences, Nie Li can completely look down on Shen Xiu.“What Heavenly Luster Mountain? What Northern Snow?” Shen Xiu frowned. She has heard of the Endless Desert, Toxic Forest and Blood Moon Marsh before, but those places were very far away from the St. Ancestral Mountains. She has only heard of them in legends.Shen Xiu snorted, “I’ve been in Glory City since birth, and have never been to those places.”Nie Li smiled faintly and said, “Since Teacher Shen Xiu never went to those places, how can you be so sure that we are the only human beings alive?”Shen Xiu was at a loss for words.The students in the class started to talk quietly. They have no idea what kind of places Nie Li spoke about. Ye Ziyun, who was sitting far away, began to show interest that flashed across her eyes. She curiously look at Nie Li. How did Nie Li know of those places?Shen Yue who was sitting beside Ye Ziyun slightly frowned his brows. He looked towards Nie Li, and realized he was quite handsome. Nie Li wasn’t below him in terms of looks. Unknowingly, he felt a sense of crisis within his heart.Seeing the students below discussing away, Shen Xiu’s face was extremely displeased and scoffed, “So what? How can you prove that we are not the last surviving human beings?”“Proof?”Nie Li faintly smiled. His experiences from his past life is the proof. Mankind’s wisdom is amazing. After experiencing the Age of Darkness, a lot of humans still survived. They built many monumental cities. But he couldn’t say that out loud. Instead he calmly said, “Let me tell Teacher Shen Xiu a story. There was once a frog in the depth of the well. Since his birth, he has always been in that well. Since the start he could only see a part of the sky, so he claimed that the sky is only as big as the hole of the well. But is the sky only the size of the hole? We could only say that the frog is ignorant.”Listening to what Nie Li just said, the students in the class couldn’t help laughing. They felt that what Nie Li said makes sense. And the idiom, “a frog viewing the sky from the bottom of the well”, is indirectly calling Teacher Shen Xiu a frog.“Viewing the sky from the bottom of the well, what an appropriate description,” a few girls said while giggling away. They all disliked Shen Xiu, and couldn’t help looking at Nie Li full of admiration, since Nie Li was the only one daring enough to openly insult a teacher in class.“You……” Shen Xiu started as she stared at Nie Li. She was furious to the point of almost vomiting blood. Nie Li actually compared her to an ignorant frog. She has never encountered such a rampant student.Ye Ziyun, who was sitting far away, couldn’t control her laughter as well. She realised that Nie Li is quite interesting and is rather eloquent with with his words. He had actually made Teacher Shen Xiu speechless.Ye Ziyun’s a natural beauty. Her smile was fascinating. Nie Li winked towards Ye Ziyun and smiled.Seeing Nie Li’s expression, Ye Ziyun immediately turned her head back, and thought in her heart, ‘Such audacity!’Nie Li’s impression in her heart was still a bad student.Watching Nie Li not only choke Teacher Shen Xiu, but also tease Ye Ziyun, Lu Piao couldn’t help raising a thumb at him, thinking this guy’s awesome.Nie Li looked at Shen Xiu, and continued “Teacher Shen Xiu, I still have another question.”Shen Xiu was about to die from the anger, but she couldn’t flare up here. She could only reply in bad mood, “What question do you still have?!”“Teacher Shen Xiu said, ‘a commoner will always remain a commoner, they can never become a noble.’ I have a little question. wasn’t the Legend rank Demon Spiritualist, Ye Mo, a commoner when he was still young?” Nie Li asked, blinking his eyes a few times, and looking at Shen Xiu. “Is Teacher Shen Xiu are not aware of this?”