Chapter 100 - Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword“What? Is there a problem?” Ye Yan solemnly asked.“Respects to Lord Founder, the cultivation technique that I practise is called the [Lightning Dragon] cultivating technique, it was given to me by a friend. Without the permission of that friend, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to tell Lord Founder about that cultivation technique.” Xiao Ning'er said after being silent for a moment.“I only want to take a look at the cultivation technique, I’m not stealing your cultivation technique……” Ye Yan’s face was red when he said that. For him to pull down his face and ask Xiao Ning'er for her cultivation technique is already very hard. He simply couldn’t withstand the curiosity he had towards the [Lightning Dragon] cultivating technique. However, not being able to take a look at it, made him feel as though his heart was being scratched by a cat.“But…...Forgive Ning'er for being unable to obey your order.” Xiao Ning'er stubbornly said. In her view, allowing others to look at the [Lightning Dragon] cultivating technique is equal to betraying Nie Li. Even if it’s the ancestral founder of Glory City, she couldn’t obey.“How about this, I’ll take something to make an exchange with you. You let me take a look at the [Lightning Dragon] cultivation technique, and I’ll impart ten extremely powerful cultivation techniques……” Ye Yan patiently said.While Ye Yan was talking with Xiao Ning'er, a voice sounded out.“ Ning'er, don’t believe this old liar. How can those broken cultivation techniques compare to your [Lightning Dragon] cultivation technique?” Nie Li said.“You! Stinking brat, you actually dare to call me an old liar!” Ye Yan was simply going to explode in anger. He felt a pain in his heart as though his weak spot was being poked.“What? You want to use those broken cultivation techniques to exchange for the [Lightning Dragon] technique, that’s simply shameless! You still call yourself the ancestral founder of Glory City? As someone who lived for hundreds of years, you would actually cheat a naive little girl? Shame on you!” Nie Li fearlessly scolded.“You, you, you……” Ye Yan was simply going crazy. Nie Li is merciless with his words.“Nie Li, what are you doing here? How can you talk in my head?” Xiao Ning'er puzzledly asked. At this moment, currently in the training position, Nie Li’s voice sounded from within her head.Xiao Ning'er’s words caused Ye Yan to be stunned. He had already died, and is only a soul form now. Therefore, he can use his soul to talk to Xiao Ning'er. However, how is Nie Li able to do it too?“This is Soul Separating. It’s an extremely easy skill.” Nie Li lightly smiled as he said.Soul Separating? Ye Yan never heard of this skill before in his previous life, but Nie Li actually said that this is an extremely simply skill? Ye Yan was simply going crazy. Just what is the origin of this kid?!“Old liar, what do you want?” Nie Li snorted.Hearing Nie Li addressing the Ancestral Founder Ye Yan, Xiao Ning'er became suspicious.Ye Yan’s soul was simply going to explode from the anger, he said, “I have already died, why would I care about your cultivation technique? Moreover, bluffing your cultivation techniques.”“Since you don’t care about them, why would you want to exchange Ning'er’s [Lightning Dragon] cultivation technique? Hmph hmph, if you don’t want people to find out, then don’t do it!” Nie Li did not save any face for Ye Yan at all.“You……”Ye Yan was furious, “This is simply making me furious. I only wanted to take a look to see if there was anything that was missing in the [Lightning Dragon] cultivation technique!”Missing? With your level, there would be ghosts if you can see anything missing in the [Lightning Dragon] cultivation technique!“It’s not impossible for us to let you see the [Lightning Dragon] cultivation technique……” Nie Li chuckled as he said.Ye Yan’s brows twitched. He obviously felt that Nie Li was planning something, but he couldn’t suppress his strong curiosity. Ye Yan was very obsessed with martial studies. He loved to study all kinds of cultivation techniques and has seen many powerful cultivation techniques. When he realised that the cultivation technique that Nie Li and Xiao Ning'er had cultivated was something he had never seen before, he’d become even more curious and wanting to take a glance at them.Originally, he planned on accepting Nie Li as his disciple so he could take a look at how magical Nie Li’s cultivation technique was. In the end, Nie Li was too monstrous, and was mercilessly criticising him. Since he wasn’t able to take a look at Nie Li’s cultivation technique, he wanted to take a look at Xiao Ning'er’s, but he ended up being mercilessly exposed by Nie Li.He thought that there was already no hope of doing that, but the words from Nie Li sparked his hope back.“What do you want? Speak!” Ye Yan understood. Nie Li is too cunning. If he’s not straightforward, he might be pulled in by Nie Li.“You’re really worthy to be one of the founders of Glory City, indeed straightforward. Then I will bluntly say it. I want the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword!” Nie Li said, lightly smiling.“Impossible!” Ye Yan’s voice ashened.Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword? What is that? Xiao Ning'er was at loss, she never heard of that before.Since the Ancestral founder appeared, Nie Li had already started planning against the Founder Ye Yan. His objective was that Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword. The Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword is an extremely powerful weapon. Due to it devouring countless demon spirits in battle, it became incredibly powerful.“Then forget it……” Nie Li shrugged.“Brat, how do you know of the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword that was sealed within the Heavenly Sacred Border?” Ye Yan’s brow twitched, his eyes deeply looked at Nie Li.“I naturally know about it. The Heavenly Marks Family has been passed down for so long, I even know of many things that Ancestral Founder Ye Yan isn’t aware of!” Nie Li said, shrugging his shoulders.“You…...Stinking brat. It’s not an easy thing for you to obtain the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword. Even if I allowed it, with you strength you couldn’t control that divine sword! If you’re careless for a moment, you’ll be struck by the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword!” Ye Yan said.“That might not be the case. As long as Lord Founder can bring me to the Thunder God’s Meteorite sword, I’ll be able to subdue it!” Nie Li proudly said.“This is not possible. Back then, of the five Legend rank Demon Spiritualists, only one managed to subdue that divine sword!” Ye Yan shook his head.“Since Lord Founder thinks so, why don’t we have a bet?” Nie Li said as his brows twitched.Ye Yan’s gaze deeply looked at Nie Li. If it was anyone else, Ye Yan can confidently say that no one can subdue that divine sword. But Nie Li gave him a very weird feeling. As though everything was a trivial matter in the eyes of Nie Li.Is Nie Li really able to subdue the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword?Ye Yan couldn’t help having a faint doubt. If Nie Li is really able to control the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, it is definitely a good sign for Glory City! Back then, the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword shined at the hands of Sheng Mu, who slaughtered millions of demon beasts. It’s a terrifying bloodthirsty sword. Although Shen Mu died because of the drawback of the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, the power of the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword is doubtless.“What bet?”“If I can subdue the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, then Ancestral Founder Ye Yan will follow me from now on. If I’m unable to subdue it, then I will let you see the chant of the [Lightning Dragon] cultivation technique, how about it?” Nie Li said, lightly smiling. This bet only benefits him there was no harm at all. Even if he lost, the [Lightning Dragon] technique is only a cultivation technique. Also, Ye Yan couldn’t take it to practise.“You actually want me to follow you around? You impudent bastard!” Ye Yan was furious.“Since that’s the case, Ancestral Founder Ye Yan can also choose not to get it.” Nie Li shrugged.Xiao Ning'er looked at Nie Li and then Ye Yan. She suddenly curled her lips and let out a laugh. She clearly saw it, the reason why Nie Li spoke so much to Ancestral Founder Ye Yan, is to make him furious. From the start, Ancestral Founder Ye Yan was being toyed with by Nie Li!‘Nie Li is so bad!’ Xiao Ning'er suddenly thought of something and her face went red.If say, she was also toyed with by Nie Li from the start, Xiao Ning'er was willing to let him.“Brat, you want to fool me? I’m not that easy. We can have the bet, but the betting stake needs to be changed!” Ye Yan proudly said. Although he knows that Nie Li is luring him on purpose, he wants to bet to see if Nie Li is able to subdue the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword.“Change it to what?” Nie Li’s brows slightly jumped.“Give me the chant for the [Lightning Dragon] technique and I will bring you to the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword. If you’re unable to subdue the Thunder God’s Meteorite Sword, you’ll have to let me take a look at your cultivating technique!” Ye Yan said. The curiosity that he had for Nie Li’s cultivation technique far surpassed Xiao Ning'er’s [Lightning Dragon] technique.Nie Li looked at Xiao Ning'er, “Are you willing to pass your [Lightning Dragon] technique to Ancestral Founder Ye Yan?”Xiao Ning'er nodded and said, “You’re the one that gave me the [Lightning Dragon] technique, I have no qualms about it.”Nie Li nodded his head.“Ancestral Founder Ye Yan, we have a deal!” Nie Li lightly smiled and said. It’s just two cultivation techniques. Even if he let Ancestral Founder Ye Yan have a look, there was no problem. Without his help, Ancestral Founder Ye Yan can only remain a soul form.Nie Li chanted the [Lightning Dragon] technique one time. Ye Yan cupped his ears and listened. His brows locked, and relaxed, looking intoxicated. When Nie Li finished chanting the [Lightning Dragon] technique, he let out a chilled air.“What an exquisite cultivation technique. If I practised such a powerful cultivation technique from the start, I would have gone higher than Legend rank long ago, and reach an unimaginable realm!” Ancestral Founder Ye Yan said in amazement. The power of this [Lightning Dragon] cultivation technique far surpassed his imagination. He originally thought that, as a Legend rank Demon Spiritualist, he could more or less find a shortcoming in the [Lightning Dragon] technique. However, he never thought that the level of this [Lightning Dragon] technique far surpassed his current level!Simply the work of god!Could it be that there is an existence stronger than Legend rank?“Okay, Ancestral Founder Ye Yan, now can you bring us.” Nie Li looked at the shocked Ye Yan and said, smiling.“Of course!” Ancestral Founder Ye Yan came back from his daydream and said, nodding his head. When his eyes fell onto Nie Li, his gaze was complicated.