"Fight it!" Shen Ming angered and cried out, summoning snow bear demon spiritHey, but his body has just changed. He only listens to the sound of a bang. Lu Piao hits his fist in the stomach of Shen Ming. Shen Hu suddenly licks his stomach and throws out his intestines.Although Shen Ming has a high status in the sacred family, he is only an elder who is responsible for managing affairs. He is not good at fighting at all. His own cultivation is just too silver, and he is hit by a landslide.Soon, everyone on Shen Ming’s side was lying on the groundThe spirits fluttered up and landed on the shoulders of Nie Li. The reason why Nie Li and others could win such ease was the key to the spirits.The halberds have subdued the three gold elites, otherwise the fighting may continue for a long time.“Nie Li, what are we going to do with this group of people?” Lu Pang’s foot stepped on Shen Ming’s head and looked up at Nie’s departure."If you let go of me, if you dare to kill me, our sacred family will never be able to spare you!" Shen Ming kept struggling. As a deacon of the sacred family, did he ever suffer such humiliation? However, since the genius war, his position in the sacred family has long been as good as before."Your vicious old man has long heard the sacred family's notoriety. If you want to threaten us, we will not be afraid of it. We will dare to squat and bury you in the ground!" Lu said, two times. He had long been looking at the sacred people who were unhappy, and today he put the people of the sacred family under his feet. He is still very happy.Hearing Lupiao, Shen Ming immediately snored and stopped talking."This old guy is still quite afraid of death!" Lu said with a smileDuze looked to the side of Nie Li. He was worried: “What should we do with Nie Li? We have to get it a little quicker, if the sacred people’s reinforcements arrive...” “take Shen Ming and the guy away, and others "Now let's go!" Nie pointed away at the distant Yunhua Deacon“Why put these people out?” Wa asked with an open air frown. He was very depressed. He managed to stun these people and it was a pity to let them go."I have a plan for it!" Nie laughed mysteriously. "The three gold classes were wounded by the casket. There are no years or even ten or twenty years. It is impossible to restore the cultivation! Silver level, no threat to usThere is nothing to let them go! "" Grab two heads, it should be pretty good! Where should we go? The city's main government? “What did Duze look to Nie Li, who should have given Shen Ming and Yun Hua deacons to whom? “Even if we hand them both over to the city owners, it would be useless. Maybe the sacred family will bring people backWe took them to the Association of Alchemists! “Nie Li thought for a moment and put people to Yang Xinxian’s prison and slowly interrogated him.”Shen Ming and Yun Hua Deacon are two, one is the sacred family owner Shen Hong's confidant, and the other is the dark head of the Association, the two people must have hidden a lot of secrets, maybe they can be exposed to the residents of the city of glory Open the sacred family's original face! Four people, together with Shen Ming and Yun Hua’s deacons who were tied tightly, plunged into the association of the Alchemists.After he arrived at the Alchemist Association, Nie Li and others delegate Shen Ming and Yun Hua Deacon to Yang Xin and slowly interrogate him."Your group of wastes, so many people, even a few children couldn't hold it!" Shen Hong sat in a high chair and gave a bang. The armrests of the seat were crushed by him. His anger"Family life, we did not expect that these children had silver-grade repairs, and the highest one had even reached the gold level. Even Lieutenant Lianhua also lost his hand. In addition, They also have a strange bird. Even the three gold-class strongmen are not the opponents of that strange bird!" Several people are heading toward Shen Hong.Shen Hung-yin is sober, this is indeed even he did not expect, who can think of four gold-level and twenty-three silver-level, but even four teenage children can not grasp? If so many people were sent, they actually missed it. It shows that the other side is still very good! The most irritating to Shen Hong is that Nie Li and others actually took Shen Ming and Yun Hua away.Grasping these two people is like suddenly seizing the pit of Shen Hong! Shen Ming did so many years at home in the Holy World. He knew a lot of things that he should not know. Yunhua, on the other hand, knew that the sacred family had secretly communicated with the Dark Society. Shen Hong Ning liked Nie Li and others to lay hands on the two. It was nothing to kill, but some of the silver, gold, and Shen Ming were nothing, but Nie Li and others took the two away! It seems that the little guy should know somethingShen Hong's eyelids are full of venomous drugs. Like Nie Li's eyes, he must be dispelled! “You are forcing me to kill you. You really think that if you hide in the city house, can I not care about you? Then you are too small to look at the strength of my sacred family!” Shen Hong revealed in his eyes. A trace of the cold light, do not get rid of Nie, hard to understand his heart hate"Please find out where Shen Ming and Yun Hua were detained. Also, check out all the people who have met with Nie Li. Their background history and the family of Tian Trace do not think that they have been affiliated with the Association of Alchemists. Asylum, you can ignore the existence of my sacred family, and give news to the Dark Society. But everyone who has traces of the family left their territory, and they will all be killed!” Shen Hong’s deep eyes revealed cold killing.Those who are crouching underneath are immediately tumbling.Suddenly he thought of something, Shen Hong singed: "You go to ask Shen Xu and Shen Yuan, two elders!" Shen Xu and Shen Yuan, both of whom reached the black gold and one star of the military, this time to hunt Nie Li, Shen Hong can be said to have made up his mindBefore several gold military defeated in the hands of Nie Li, Shen Hong did not dare to underestimate Nie again.At this time, the Association of Alchemists“Ye Zi’s younger brother, you are saying that the deacon of Yunhua is responsible for the contact between the Dark Guild and the sacred family?” Yang Xin’s beautiful alum was filled with incredible magic."YesNie left and nodded"If that is the case, then I must put his mouth open and see what the Holy Family is going to do!" Yang Xin Qiaolian is full of frost, and the City of Light is the only surviving place they know. The city of glory shattered, then everyone will have no way to goIf anyone dares to betray the glorious city and threaten the safety of the city of glory, even if it is to fight the entire Association of Alchemists, it must be killed! Yang Xin's eyes fell on the sword of the god of heaven, which was behind Nie, and smiled and said: “Little brother, how do you carry such a broken sword, and you actually stand on the shoulder with such a strange bird if you Want to, Yang sister can spend money to buy you a good sword! As for this strange bird, or throw it away, I get you a gold-level demon pet!" Spend money to buy a good sword? How much can you buy a sword of God? The power of this Scorpion God's Thunder Sword, if cast by a legendary demon psychic, is no less than a horrible curse! As for the strange bird from Nie, if Yang Xin knew that this bird was sealed, it was one of the first ancestors to create a splendid city, and he wouldn’t know if he would say it! “Undead children, angry old man!” Ye Yan cursed, but Ye Yan said that only people with strong enough soul can understand, otherwise they would be heard by ordinary people, just like babbling."Ye Li, your baboon seems to be talking. What is it talking about?" Yang Xin looked at Nie Li's coffin with great interest. She wanted to reach out and touch a halberd soul. Ye Yan's ancestor could not resist at last. Flapping wings and flapping outYang Xin froze for a moment. I did not expect that this metal-forged strange bird was actually quite spiritual.Certain things of Nie Li really are incredible"Yang Sister, Dinger, they are still waiting outside for me. I'm going first. If there are any results for Shen Ming and Yunhua, then send someone to notify me!" Nie Li said to Yang Xin."Ok"Yang Xin nodded positively and nodded. It was a matter of the safety of the city of glory. Of course, she did not dare to care about it. She wanted to play tricks on Nie Li. When Nie looked away from hurrying to go back, she also converged on her mind and said, "You are outside." Was attacked, maybe it was tracked, I let a few black gold class elders send you back! ""Ok"Nie left nodded. There are several black gold-class elders escort by the Association of Alchemists. Even if it is the owner of a sacred family, I'm afraid he can't treat him like that."After all, once the black gold masters have contested, the scene can definitely alarm the entire glorious city! "Younger brother, goodbye!" Yang Xin leaned over and smiled at Nie Li. The satin dress, which outlined her enchanting figure, looked up at the deep gully and a piece of white flowers. Vaguely visible blush, a mature woman's scentThis woman is getting more and more hooked, but she didn’t wear underwear.Even if Nie Li is very convinced, seeing this scene is also a hot head, the picture of such temptation, the first time I saw lifeYang Xinyi didn't care about Nie Li's eyes. He kissed Nie Li’s forehead and said, “My sister will see you again in a few days!” Nie Lixiao grinned and smiled. This goblin was certainly intentional. Just like a 13-year-old child, what does she want to do? "I'm gone!" Nie Li hurriedly turned away. If he stayed here again, it would be difficult to breathe.Looking at Nie's somewhat embarrassing pace, Yang Xin could not help but giggled and giggled, and the self-cultivated clothes simply couldn't cover the seductive spring.Outside the association of the Alchemists, Nie Li was relieved and looked at Xiao Lianer and other human beings: "Dinger, let's go, return to the main city!""Xiao Ding'er nodded cleverly."Nie Li can feel that if there are two breaths behind him, these two should be the black gold master of the Association of Alchemists, and Yang Xin is sent to protect himself. There is a black gold master guard who can at least safely reach the city owner. House! Read3();read4();