This group of black people is led by two people. Nie Li feels that one of them is silver and the other is gold. As for those behind, there are also three gold-class strongmen. The rest are also silver. Class"It seems that I looked down upon you. I didn't realize that your soul perception was so sensitive that you could actually detect where we were!" One of the black people sighed coldly.Nie said with a faint smile: "Because it was me who looked at me a little, and Shen Ming elders didn't know that you were bringing me so many people to stop me. What did you mean by that?" The silver-headed person in the lead was Shen Ming elders. ! Shen Ming elders shoulders slightly shiver, he obviously did not think, Nie actually saw his identity so quickly, he shrouded his face under the black cloth, suddenly became paralyzed: "Absolutely not let go of this kid! If you let He escaped and suffered endless trouble!” Nie Li could easily distinguish the breath of the people in front of him. Standing next to Shen Ming’s other black leader, who was tall and tall, was Yunhua’s deacon who had been wounded and fled that day.The people of the Holy Family and the Dark Society actually came! "Dinger, Duze, Lu Piao, you are careful!” Nie away from the operation of soul force, ready to shoot"Kid, since you know our identity, you're bound and you have a chance to live. Otherwise, all of you have to die!" Shen Ming elders looked cold and cold and cried.Nie suddenly took a step forward and shook coldly at Shen Ming and others. “Elder Shen Ming, you are stubborn, and you have actually brought so many people to kill me. You know, according to the laws of the City of Light, This is a capital crime. If you tie your hand and tie it, and go with me to see the Lord of the City, I can spare you your life. Otherwise, don't blame me for being ungracious."After hearing Nie Li's words, those black people all looked sluggish, staring silly at Nie Li.Then, they burst into laughter."Ha ha ha, too funny!" "This little guy's head is flooded with water!" "It's just a pig!" The deacon Yunhua is even more arrogant, pointing to Nie from Zhang crazy: "Little guy, I'm down Look, how can you be gracious to us?” Looking at the black people who smiled and turned up, Nie patted his soul on his shoulders with his right hand: “Little Feifei, this time depends on you.” The performance was!” Although unwilling, but the coffin was completely manipulated by Nie Li, and squeaked twice, flew up and flew up at the speed of lightning, and rushed toward the group of black men."A group of unworthy descendants actually let me be an ancestor, and do this kind of work!" Ye Yan, the ancestor of Ye Yan, wow, and said, "I don't know if you are in this group of black men or if you are still in the country," he said. The paw caught on the face of one of the gold black peopleThe black man screamed sternly and sternly. The seal inside the cassock was a legendary strong man. Although the repair was not fully restored, it was already a golden class. This was accompanied by the ancestor of Ye Yan’s previous generation. A very amazing battle experience, erratic body, the attack is not sharp! "Catch this strange bird!" An unconventional melee, a group of black people want to block the coffins, but they are completely unable to catch the flies.And the erratic body! Simply can't catch! Seeing this scene, no matter if it was Shen Ming elders or Yunhua Deacons, his face was dark. He did not expect that Nie actually mastered such a strange bird. This strange bird was made of metal, and other people’s attacks fell. It is almost unscathed in its body, and its attack is extremely sharp, always attacking the eye, neck and other vital parts"Don't worry about that strange bird, first grab those little things and say it!" Shen Ming pointed Nie away from where he was, and he gave a cold grunt.The deacon of Yunhua plundered and his hand was like an eagle's claw. He rushed toward Nie Ju. While he was flying forward, his body continued to transform into a giant red-black tiger.“The hungry tiger pounces on eating!” The claws of the deacon Yunhua led to bursts of explosive sounds in the air and fell against Nie"Come on just fine!" Nie looked cool and his body quickly turned into a tiger tooth panda. Although his body was a lot worse, but the momentum was not weak, he roared loudly and swept his giant palm toward the deacon of Yunhua.Feeling the strength of that roaring, Xiao Ninger, Lu Piao, and Du Ze are all shocked."Nie is careful!" The pudgy panda's chubby body collided with the Yanhua black deer of the Yunhua Deacon. A powerful force swept away, causing the people around to retreat.Actually, blocked? People around stayUnder the terrible momentum of the Chiyan black tiger, Nie Li's tiger toothed panda was in no way inferior. He resisted the terrible attack of the Chiyan black tiger, like a reef in the tsunami.Nie Li only silver level, actually resisted the attack of the gold-level demon psychic division! The Yunhua Deacon obviously did not expect that Nie Li’s strength was so strong, but in that way he wanted to win me. It was impossible! The flaming black tiger roared loudly and opened his mouth to bite Nie away.“The fierce tiger swallows the wolf!” The red-flamed black tiger has a bloody mouth, and the sharp teeth are terrible! The bloody mouth is like swallowing Nie awaySeeing this scene, Shen Ming was shocked and hurriedly shouted: "Don't kill him, keep him useful!" Nie smiled a little, and the black tiger opened his mouth to bite him. He was just for nothing! I saw the tiger tooth panda suddenly opened his mouth, a black and white light ball formed in the mouth out of the air, toward the bloody mouth of the flaming black tiger sprayed outA black and white ball of light bombed into the big mouth of the flaming black tiger, and then collided with each other, and the bang exploded.A terrible force swept outEven if it is the level of demon spirit of the flamingo black tiger, it can't resist the burst of light and darkness burst in the mouth. The power of the explosion instantly shakes the head of the red-black tiger demon spirit and shatters it. Yunhua Deacon Wow A mad vomit of blood, the entire inverted fly out a few hundred meters, fell heavily on the ground, suddenly dyingIf the darkening of the light darkness bursts during the week of the Chiyan Black Tiger, then at most it will only cause some trauma to the Yanhua Deacon’s Chiyan Black Tiger. It is definitely not as good as it is now.However, Nie Li’s light darkness burst in the mouth of the flaming black tiger’s mouth! This damage is very scaryThe deacon's estimate of Yunhua was totally unexpected. The tiger-toothed panda, which has always been called rubbish, can actually spit out such a horrible light and darkness explosion in a short time. Otherwise, he would definitely not put his mouth against Nie Li's.But everything is too late! Seeing the deacon of Yunhua in the end, Shen Ming's eyes can not help but twitch, he did not expect that Yunhua Deacon a golden spirit of the division, actually will be defeated in the hands of Nie Li! At this time, more than a dozen black men surrounded us. Xiao Ning'er, Lu Piao, and Du Ze's three people all summoned the demon spirits and started to fight with these black men.Although the repairs still remain at the silver level, they have a demon spirit of God-grade growth, and their own practice of cultivating is also very powerful. They face the siege of these black people, although they are in a bitter struggle, but temporarily It is no dangerIs this group of small things really only teens? Looking at the huge body, the body is full of backstabs, the whole body glows with the dark luster of the sacred tiger, as well as the body full of scales, back wings of the flesh and blood leopard, and actually there is a body full of thunder and lightning. birdShen Ming can not help but headache, what is the origin of these little guys? Although the number is dominant, they did not make up for a little bit of cheap. Here, four gold-level strongmen, one who was directly detonated by the darkness and detonation on the ground, was blinded by the coffin and returned Two of them are desperately resisting the coffin, and the rest are silver-grade.In the face of silver-class powerhouses, Nie Li’s tiger teeth panda is simply unbeatable.The power of a giant stock was suppressed from above, and the group of silver spirits immediately felt that the body seemed to be several times as heavy, and it was very difficult even to move a step.Nie Li’s gravitational gas field is only blessed on these silver spirits, while Dinger, Lu Piao, and Du Ze’s are completely unaffected.The dark tiger of Duze suddenly burst into a sharp groan. The terrible sound swept away. After the group of slayers heard the sharp voice, the body trembled with fear.Duze's bloody leopard leopard jumped out of his body, and his agility was unbelievably fast. The claws kept waving, and he blew out one by one.As for Xiao Lian'er's wind scorpion tits, he is constantly summoning a lightning flash, each lightning can paralyze a silver spirit genius, and the head's hair is like a blast.Nie Li and others have completely regained the situation! Seeing this scene, Shen Ming’s scalp and tussle are numb. What kind of enchanting is this group of children? Shen Ming laid a lot of eyeliner near the city's main government, and traced the traces of Nie from the four people. They thought that with their four gold-level strongmen, plus twenty-three silver-class strongmen, they put Nie Li and others Isn't it easy to get back? However, I did not expect that the facts were exactly the opposite of what they expected. Nie Li’s strength was beyond their imagination. There was also a strange bird who could not even mention gold powerhouses. They did not easily grab Nie Li and others. Instead, they were grayheaded by Nie Li and others, and they would all be annihilated.If this were to return to the sacred family, how should we explain to the family? When you think of the dreadful eyes of the owner Shen Hong, Shen Ming’s heart has fallen into the freezing point.