Nie left before entering the heavenly wonderland! Was it at that time that Nie Li brought the ancestor of Ye Yan to bring out the dayYe Yan’s ancestor was the state of the soul. Only in the days of the heavens and the heavens, will it not be destroyed.However, Nie Li actually produced a coffin, and sealed the soul of Ye Yan's ancestor into the coffin. This is simply a big sin for the desecration of the ancestors! However, it is puzzling that Ye Yan's ancestors actually said that he was willing to be sealed into the coffin! What exactly is going on? Although Ye Yan’s ancestor was sealed into the halberd, he still has an irreplaceable position in the hearts of Ye Zong and Ye Xiu.“Younger Ye Zong, Seen from the First Ancestors"Ye Zong slightly covered“Younger Ye Xiu, seen the ancestorsThe next to Ye Xiu is also extremely polite.If it wasn’t for Ye Yan’s ancestors to teach younger generations, the City of Lights may have already declined. Ye Ye’s ancestors were both their ancestors and their masters. How dared they disrespect? “Emperor of the ancestors, if Nie had forced you to the elderly, we immediately killed the boy and rescued you from the coffin."Ye Zong glared at Nie Li coldly, and there was a terrible threatBut at this time, Nie Li's repairs have been greatly improved compared to the previous ones, and he has the Thunderbolt sword, which is not as easy as before, and is easily affected by Ye Zong’s coercion, but it only feels faint. Stress onlyYe Yan’s ancestor calmly said: “I have been voluntarily sealed into the spirits. If you respect me as your ancestor, you should treat Nie away in the future!” Ye Ye’s ancestor did not know Nie Li and Ye Zong. The relationship between others, Nie's vast knowledge, and the enigmatic and powerful soul, have thoroughly subdued Ye Yan's ancestors. In the eyes of the ancestor of Ye Yan, Nie Li was not a child but a mystery. The masterpiece of the masterpiece of the world, so at this moment, Ye Yan’s ancestors naturally wanted to help Nie Li speak.Like treating Ye Yan’s ancestor, treating Nie Li? After Ye Zong listened to it, the whole man suddenly felt as uncomfortable as eating a fly. He must know that this mixed boy is the one who used his daughter. He also looked forward to living with his nephew. He did not tear Nie away. Have already been polite enough to Nie, and let him leave Nie as a guest? However, Nie standing behind, but Ye Yan's ancestors, talking about their origins, they Fengxue family are the sons of Ye Yan ancestors, although the middle family ups and downs, but the blood line can not be changed, no matter what, Ye Yan ancestor They are their ancestors. If he does not obey the ancestor of Ye Yan, it is simply cheating and destroying his ancestors! Looking at Nie’s appearance, Ye Zongfei burst into steam, but he couldn’t vent it.Ye Zong originally came to ask the teacher Nie Lixing for sin. However, when Ye Yan's ancestor appeared, how did he ask Nie to ask for sin? “Emperor of the ancestors, I had something to leave for the time being!” Ye Zong glanced at Nie Li, coldly groaned, and his sleeve turned and left.Since there is no way to raise a teacher's suspicion, why continue to stay here? Waiting to be mocked by Nie Li? When Ye Zong turned around, Nie Li smiled and said, "My father-in-law is gone so quickly? Please walk slowly, be careful not to fall!" Ye Zong is going to step out of the threshold and suddenly hears Nie Li's time. Words, an empty foot, was almost stumbled by the thresholdAfter standing still, Ye Zong's chest fluctuates. He is almost going to be hysterical. He knew that Nie should have left this miscellaneous account on the wall.However, there is no regrettable medicine in the worldYe Zongchang took two breaths and angrily left.After looking at Nie Li, he looked at the back of Ye Zong. Ye Chou smiled with a smile. With Ye Zong’s cultivation, he decided that he would not be angry for the trivial matter. It was indeed Nie Li’s disgrace, but Ye Zong. There seems to be no way to take Nie awayYe Zong’s temperament, whether in the city or in the city of glory, is a one-man. No one has ever dared to hit him. Apart from Ye Mo’s adults, no one can survive.However, suddenly, Nie came out and pressed Ye Zong to death.Sure enough, this world is really a thingEven Ye Xiu can not help secretly laughing, but at the same time he still has a little thought, Nie Li although a bit precocious, but regardless of the nature or talent, the city of glory second to none, plus Ye Yee ancestors matchmaker, with Ziyun that girl is still very good matchBut to marry her daughter is a cruel thing for any father. Ye Zong will have such a reaction. Normally, Nie Li gave Ye Zong a bad impression from the very beginning.In fact, Nie Li was only ridiculing about Ye Zong. Even if he decided to let Ye Zixie become his wife, he decided to accompany Ye Zixuan to grow up with him.As far as the past world, Nie Li was far from seeing Ye Zong, he was frightened and his legs trembled. In this world, Nie Li’s heart was a little less respectful. Secondly, although Ye Zong’s previous life was made for the City of Light The immortal contribution until the end of the war, but Ye Zixie only, Ye Zong is not a good father, it is also an interesting thing to laugh at Ye Zong."Nie Ah..." Ye modified to speakI saw Nie Li's face and said, "I only have this condition. If I can't promise it, then forget it. Anyway, I have nothing to lose.If Ye Xiuren wants to continue to persuade me, then talk to Ye Yan’s ancestors.""Yan Yan's ancestors, about ten thousand magic demon spirit array ..." Ye Xie looked at the coffin, want to let Ye Yan's ancestors help persuade Nie LiJust listen to Ye Yanzuo's head and say, "I will not be setting up a million magic demon spiritual array. What is your use when you come to me?" Ye Xiu immediately froze on the spot and smiled. He quickly turned to chase after Ye Zong. Going up, no matter what, he also has to persuade Ye Zong, after all, the magical demon spirit array is too significant for the entire shining city.Ye Zong is extremely annoyed and his body's powerful spirit sweeps away. The trees planted on both sides of the road are forced to wilted by the atmosphere of this terrifying soul.Ye Xiu has never seen Ye Zong’s anger like this. He hurries to follow him."Ye Zong adults..." "Don't bother me!" Ye Zong snarled angrily. "I'm going to kill this boy today and put him in pieces. Don't stop me!" Ye Xiu couldn't help muttering. One sentence, if you really want to kill Nie Li, I am afraid that it will be killed long ago, and will wait until now? Someone invited the soul of Ye Yan’s ancestors out. What else can you do about him? Ye Zongzhuo with Ye Xiu yelled loudly: "Ye Xiu, do you think I dare not kill the boy? He thought he would move Ye Ye's ancestor out of the house. Will I be afraid of him?" Ye Xiu looked a positive face. Hurriedly said: "Ye Zong adults please restless. With Ye Zong's strength, it is easy to kill Nie Li, but you have a lot of adults and you don't have to compare with him.""Humph"Ye Zong whispered." This kid dares to worry about my daughter, simply want to eat swan meat, the door is not! If he dared to derail my daughter, I let him regret it was born in this world! "Ye Xiu Although he smiled heartily, but his face did not show up, his eyes turned, and said:" Ye Zong adults, or else we still forget, what this magic demon Ling array do not! "I heard Ye Xiu's words. Ye Zong's expression paused. If Wan Mian Ling Ling Zhen really has such a big role, he can definitely save the entire glorious city in an emergency. If not, isn't it a pity? Although Nie Lie Ye Zixuan's intent was wrong, and Ye Zong was very annoyed, but Nie Li’s words were highly reliable.Ye Xiu sighed: "Unfortunately, I only have a bad son. If I have a daughter, I can worry about Ye Zong's adult!" Ye Zong's face changed, and he coldly said: How do I, I will not bring her daughter's hands!" "In fact, Ye Zong adults do not have to worry, I have a solution""Oh? how do I say this? “Ye Xiu hurriedly said a few words in Ye Zong’s ear. Ye Zong’s frowning brow slowly stretched out and nodded slightly: “This idea is not bad, just do it.”“Ye Xiu saw it and suddenly smiled and walked briskly toward Nie Yi’s other yard.“The Lord of the City has promised him?” Nie Wei saw Ye Xiu came in, a faint smile.Ye Xiuyi, Nie Li had long expected that he would come back. Ye Zong would agree, and he coughed a few words: “Ye Zong, he really agreed."Nie left and nodded, facing Nie Yudao next to him:" Light rain, go, we move, go to your sister-in-law's yard""OhNie Yu nodded and she was already carrying a large bag of luggage.Nie Li is already ready? Ye Xiu looked sluggish. He always felt that there was a problem, but he couldn't say anything. He saw Nie Li and Nie Yuchao’s Ye Ziyan’s other homes and walked quickly.Ye Ziying's other homeAt this time, a long-haired Ye Zixuan is quietly sitting on a stone on the lake. The thin silk coat is even more pure and moving. In the clear eyes, there is a hint of melancholy and sadness.Looking at the lake, she sighs softly and his thoughts are chaoticShe thought of Nie Li, the guy who always made bad for her, was annoying and unconsciously reminded her of her.It's annoying, but when he is away, he seems to miss somethingThose who were with Nie Qi were still very happyAlso think of his father, his father will not be angry for that day? If Nie away continues to annoy her father, she fears that her father would really care about putting Nie away... She did not dare to imagine the screen behind her. She could only sigh with sadness. She had already decided that she would no longer be able to see Nie away. Perhaps in this life, she Destined to have no friends, friends around her will leave her one by oneWhen she was thinking, there was a sudden reflection on the lake. It was a funny face and she was squeezing her eyes."I didn't sleep well last night and I had an illusionYe Ziyun shook her head and mumbled.