Before the legendary demon priest named Shengmu, he cultivated thunderbolt exercises and surrendered the Thunderbolt Scorpius to his own body. Undoubtedly, this method is indeed very effective, but there are also great Side effects caused irreversible damage to the sea of ​​the soul of St. Muhammad. Therefore, when Saint Mary was thirty-nine, she died prematurely.It is reasonable to say that the 39-year-old is the age of the demon spirits who are at their peak, so the death of the Holy Shepherd is a sigh of regret.After that, no one was able to surrender the Scorpion God Sword. In order to prevent the Scorpio God Lei Jian from venturing, the legendary phantom masters constructed such a heavenly sacred environment and sealed the Scorpion God Sword. HereWhat is different from Shengmu is that Nie Li does not use the method of changing his own constitution to surrender the god of lightning, but instead transforms the power of the demon spirit on the sword of the god of the heavens into his own use and drives these demon spirits. The power to suppress Scorpio God Thunder sword! Nie Li is using a small, broad-based game. Although it is only silver-grade, it has achieved such a way that the legendary demon psychic cannot do anything."As early as this method can be used, you can suppress the god of Thunder sword, we can control this excalibur!" Ye Yan ancestors lamented, if you know how to control the God of Thunder sword, then a few The legendary demon spirit teacher will not be killed, and the City of Glory will certainly be more brilliant than it is now! The Scorpion God Blade burst out of the Ray of Light, but as time went by, these Rays slowly dimmed.Nie Lizhi slowly stood up, wrapped around the majestic soul power, stepping toward the god of lightningIn front of the soul power that is just like a thunderbolt, the Scorpio God, the sword of lightning, is like a bound snake, and it is constantly struggling. It gradually stops.Nie Li firmly grips the hilt and squeaks it. The Scorpio God Thunder Sword makes a deafening sound of buzzing.At this point, the sound of this buzzing sounds like an invisible ripple that spreads around.Constantly spread to the distance until it penetrated the entire city of gloryThis sound wave is like an invisible one. The average person can't hear it at all. Only the black gold level or above genius can feel this powerful sound wave, as if it can penetrate the soul.“What happened?” Shen Hong, the sacred owner of the family, became extremely ugly. When he was practicing, he was suddenly bombarded with this sound wave. The soul and sea oscillated and nearly spit out blood, and several hours’ cultivation results suddenly turned into Wu YouyouA terrible power! Shen Hong does not understand why the power of this sound wave comes fromSeveral of the top powerhouses are communicating and communicating“Where did this sound wave come from?” Ye Zong asked, frowning his brow"Back to the city owner, this sound wave has no trace. Even we cannot trace its position!" answered several black gold demon spirit masters.Inexplicably sensing an invisible sound wave, Ye Zong thought that some terrible legendary monster animal was haunted near the city of glory. He immediately convened a number of black gold level wizards to discuss countermeasures.Some other big family superpowers have encountered similar situations, but ordinary martial artists and demon spirits have not been affected.A terrible power! Holding Scorpio God Lei Jian tightly, Nie Centriole secretly said with emotion that this Scorpio God Lei Jian is worthy of the ancient gods, powerful unimaginable, more powerful than his past life Ziyun Sword is somewhat! Suddenly pulled out the Scorpio god Lei Jian, saw the thunder and lightning in the sky, and ten million lightenings gathered from all directions to the left and right hands, and then rapidly converged.The Thunderbolt sword, which was originally surrounded by electric light, quickly converged and turned into a quaint sword with a bit of mottled rust. No one could imagine it. The big sword is just stirring the thunder and lightning.At this moment, the Scorpion God Sword recognized the Lord and became the servant of Nie Li.The usual Scorpio God Leijian is completely indistinguishable from an ordinary iron sword. Only when Nie Li will infuse the soul power into the Scorpio God Thunder Sword, the Scorpio God Thunder Sword will burst out of astonishing power.Retaining the Thunderbolt sword of the god of nature, Nie left the ancestor of Ye Yan who looked into the void and smiled slightly. “How? Ye Ye’s ancestor, the Thunderbolt of the God of Heaven has been taken over by me!” After a brief shock, Ye Yan's ancestors sighed and said, "I didn't think that you actually could surrender to Tianyi God Leijian. I will naturally abide by the promise.However, Scorpio God Lei Jian has been surrendered by you, become a Lord of things, my soul can not be attached to the above, and in less than a few days, my soul will slowly drift, so my promise, Only valid within these days..." "Ye Yeh's ancestor, you wouldn't want to be shameless! "Nie Li looked at Ye Yan's ancestors"You... As the ancestor of the city of glory, how could I be shameless!""It's not easy to find a dependency for your soul"Nie turned his eyes and shrugged." Come with me! "To find a dependent thing for the soul, how can Nie from that easy to say! This world thing, in addition to the godless Thunderbolt God these uncontrolled spirits, the general thing can not be attached to the soul! However, see After Nie Zi’s self-confidence, Ye Yan’s ancestors hesitated and he followed up.Before the soul dissipated, he will of course abide by the agreement with Nie Li! There is no heavenly sacred environment for the Scorpio wind and thunder sword, and it is no longer the original heaven and earth environment.“Dinger, let's go!” Nie Li looked to the side of the condensate who had concentrated on cultivation."Uh-huh!" Ginger nodded.Nie Li and Xiao Ting-er took a day out of the heavens and met the people outside Lu Piao and Du Ze."You actually all passed the assessment of the heavens and the heavens!" Ye Sheng looked shockedly at Nie Li and Xiao Dinger. In their opinion, Nie Li and Xiao Ning's children had a good pass.“The deputy dean is an expert, and I passed the assessment of the heavens and the heavens. I also asked Vice-President Ye Sheng to keep it secret!” Nie Li smiled slightly.After hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Sheng slightly frowned and contemplated for a moment. Then he nodded and Nie Li’s approach was correct. Nie Li’s present talent is already quite amazing. It’s not a big influence to add a title. However, it will even make the Dark Society more ready for action.Xiao Ning Er is very excited about the assessment through the illusion of heaven. Today, she is already in the silver five-star class. With her talent, she will certainly be protected by the high-rises of the glorious city. She will never use her later. Was forced to marry Shen Fei! Soon after, Ye Sheng took Nie Li and Xiao Ting-er through the examination of the heavenly paradise and reported it to Ye Zong, who was the head of the city, and ordered him to place Xiao Geling into the city’s main palace.However, Nie Li did not immediately return to the main city, but purchased it in the city of glory. After purchasing a lot of materials, Nie Li began making bird coffins based on drawings.The special metal is handed to the blacksmith in the city of glory for forging, grinding out the sample, and then tightening the steel bar while engraving the complicated etched lines"This is Lingling?" Seeing what Nie Li made, Ye Yan's ancestor was shocked to say"Not bad"Nie Li smiled and nodded"You are doing such evil things"Ye Yan's ancestors immediately understood that Nie Li was prepared to seal his soul in this spirit."There are no evil things in this world, only evil people.Nie shook his headYe Yan’s ancestors were silent. Since he had already agreed with Nie Li, he naturally had to keep his promise. Although he was very unwilling, he was sealed in the spirit and was better than the soul dissipated.Just let Ye Yan ancestors are very depressed, the spirit is controlled by Nie Li! Although depressed, but also helpless, the things that have said naturally have to be doneThe metal used to make this coffin is produced by Nie Li after special proportioning. Naturally, the degree of firmness is not to mention. Even the legendary demon spirit master may not be able to crush it, plus Ye Ye’s ancestor is himself A legendary spirit master, the powerful nature of the soul is beyond doubtAlthough the attacking power of the halberd is not very good, even if it is just completed, its strength is not inferior to any gold spirit master. With the ancestor of Ye Yan slowly blending with the soul, his cultivation is It will slowly recover and eventually reach his predecessor strengthIt will be a legendary spirit! Before the dark ages of distant times, although there were many people who made halberds, the legendary halberds were still very rare.After sealing the soul of Ye Yan’s ancestors into the spirits, Ye Yan’s ancestral fan fluttered and flew up and hovered in the sky."Ye Yan ancestor, how do you feel?" Nie smiled slightly"Okay"Ye Yan's ancestor was a bit depressed. Before his death, he was a legendary demon psychic teacher. Now it has become a halberd, and it's inevitable that he feels a bit depressed.But compared to the boring long days of the day, he now is full of curiosity about the present world. Although he has become a coffin, he can fly high and take a look at the world today.There is something wrong with life, and the ancestor of Ye Yan is also a person who is comfortable with the situation and is not too depressed."I'll call you Xiao Feifei later!" Nie murmured to himself.Hearing Nie Li’s words, the original ancestor of Ye Yan, who was not very depressed, suddenly had an impulse to kill him. He was one of the ancestors of the glorious city and was actually called Xiao Feifei’s name. Is an insult to othersYe Yan’s ancestor was about to express his inner anger. He only listened to Xiao Ning'er’s dagger beside him. He seriously said, “Xiao Feifei’s name is very good!” Ye Yan’s ancestors just snarled. What's the name? ? After listening to Nie’s side, he said, “Since Dinger likes it, then it’s called Xiaofeifei!” The opportunity to excuse Ye Yan’s ancestor was not given at all. This newly-born cub was named Xiao Xiao by Nie Li. FlyAfter completing all of this, Nie Li and Xiao Ninger, Lu Piao, and Du Ze together will walk in the direction of the main city house.Passing through a quiet grove, from time to time there are cold winds blowing through it. There is an unpleasant atmosphere. Nie suddenly stopped."Nie Li, what's wrong?" Lu Piao and Du Ze asked on the side.Xiao Ning Er is also staring at her big eyes, watching Nie Li, and looking puzzled.Nie Li looked straight ahead and took a cold cry. "Since it's coming, come out. Why hide?" Nie left the voice, and dozens of people got out of the woods. Nie Li and others surroundedThese dozens of people all covered their faces, making people look unclear