Nie Li and Xiao Ninger both stood up, and under the leadership of Ye Yan’s ancestors, they went to the interior of the heavenly paradise.As they walked all the way inside, there were all sorts of illusions in their minds. It seemed that there were thousands of Wicked Animals flitting in all directions.However, this low-level illusion has no effect on Nie Li, because at this time Nie Li’s heart is very strong.Alongside Xiao Lian'er, in order to combat this illusion, her face was slightly pale and sweat was soaking her clothes.Even those former geniuses who did not dare to go to such a deep place after coming to the heavens and the heavens, the more holy and sacred the world is, the more dangerous it is.Nie Li felt that there seemed to be a strong murderous blow in the distance.That is the breath of Scorpio God Lei Jian! Just this terrible atmosphere has already given people great oppression! The main body of the heavenly celestial being is this sword of the god of heaven! Throughout the day, the sacred sacred place is constructed by the god of the sky, Lei Jian. Seeing the murderousness rushing forward, he was about to swept Xiao Li's body. Nie suddenly angered and yelped like a thunder. In the sea of ​​Xiao Lian'er's soul, Xiao Ning'er looked at him and his head was suddenly awake. a lot"Okay, right?" Nie looked at Xiao Liao's smile."Well, thank you, Nie Li!" Xiao Geling glanced gratefully at Nie Li. If it weren’t for Nie Li’s help, she would probably fall into that terrible murder.Xiao Ning's thin clothes were covered with sweat, but they were tightly attached to the delicate skin. The sexy and moving body, the Yufeng on the chest, stood proudly.Ginger is getting more and more charming, Nie Li stayed blankly, touched his nose and regained his gaze.Feeling Nie's fiery eyes, Xiao Ning'er is also Qiaolian flushed, bowing her head, though shy, but her heart is faintly happy“Ye Yan’s ancestor, if I were able to surrender the Scorpion God Lei Jian, you would have to give it to me. Is this true?” Nie Li hurriedly opened the subject and opposed Ye Yenzu’s ancestors."of course"Ye Yan ancestors proudly said," I said! If you can really surrender the Scorpion God, then I can't stay in this sacred territory because my soul is attached to the Scorpion God Blade and it is not dispelled.But kid, I advise you that it is not that simple to pull out the Scorpion God Sword! "" If this thing is very simple, it would be too no challenge to do it! "Nie Li doesn't think it's right, just smile."Ye Yan’s ancestor was very puzzled. Why did Nie Li have such a sense of confidence? If Nie Li pulls out the god of Thunder sword from heaven, it would be nice to leave the day and see the outside world! As time went on, I finally approached the center of the heavenly celestial circumstance, and on an ancient altar in the distance, an excalibur sword appeared in the eyes of Nie Li, bathing the whole body of Shen Jian in the Lei Guang. The sound of bursts of wind and thunder cameExcalibur has a spirit, even if it is a hundred meters away, it still can make people feel the chill“That is the god of lightning?” Shaw couldn't help but sigh, even if it was so far away, she could still feel the oppression of a very strong soul and it would be extremely difficult to step forward.Although he felt the oppression of the soul, but at the same time, Xiao Lian-er also felt that his own soul power quickly transformed into a thunder-winged dragon and quickly moved in the body. In the sea of ​​souls, there seemed to be a dragon flying.For a moment, the sea of ​​soul suddenly broke out, surging with limbs rushing to Xiao Lian'er.Hyun, Lingtai became exceptionally clearSilver five-star level! Wind-winged pterosaurs are brave and aggressive cultivating exercises. Their cultivation speed is much stronger than that of Nie Li's Heavenly Gods. Under the traction of Tianyi God Leijian, Xiao Lian-er has already reached the soul force. The level of change, repair is even more amazingFrom the gold level, there is only one difference! Although the repair did not reach the gold level, Shaw's practice is too strong. Even if it is a strong star with two stars, it is not necessarily Xiao Liao's opponent.Looking at Shaw's child's repairs, he can't help but smile. Nie can't help but smile. Today's Tinger has enough power to escape the fate of his previous life."Integrate this demon spirit“ Nie Li gave Ginger a demon spirit stone"What is this?" Dinger looked puzzled at Nie Li's demon stones.“Fenglei, Fenglei Tianque, has a god-level growth spirit!” Nie Li said, stuffed in the hands of Dinger"Nie Li, I..." Xiao Ting'er raised his head, and there seemed to be tears flashing in his eyes. Nie Li was so good to her. She did not know how to pay back.Nie Li took Xiao Liao's shoulders and smiled slightly. "Hurry up and merge. With your current strength and fusion of wind and thunder, I'm afraid I'm not your opponent anymore!" To follow Nie Li's footsteps, One day you can stand side by side with Nie! Xiao Ning Er started the fusion after he took the demon stone of the wind thunder bird"Boy, you actually can get the Thunder Thunder Spirit, but what is the meaning of God-level growth?" Ye Yan's ancestor frowned and asked."Why should I say?" Nie left the stall“You... don’t say it!” Ye Yan’s ancestors heard twiceAfter he took a look at Xiao Ning'er next to him, Nie looked up and walked towards the distant wind swordSeeing that Nie was close to the Scorpio wind and thunder sword step by step, Ye Yan’s ancestors also stopped talking and stared at Nie Li’s back.Can Nie pull out the Scorpio wind sword? According to common sense, Nie Li is still only a silver-class demon psychic teacher, and even the gold level is not, how could it be possible to pull out the Scorpio Wind Thunder sword? Want to ride Scorpio Thunder sword, at least it must be a legendary spirit demon teacher! However, Ye Yan’s ancestors did not dare to determine whether Nie could survive in the end.Because Nie is too enchanted by this guy, whether it is the practice of cultivation, or a variety of unique abilities, or profound knowledge, it is beyond the limit that ordinary people can judge.Ye Yan’s ancestor almost thought that Nie Li was an old monster who had lived for hundreds of years.A fierce repression of fierceness from the god of thunder and lightningThe Scorpio God Leijian killed numerous Wicked Beasts and became particularly powerful under the Wicked Blood's shower. At the same time, it swallowed countless demon spirits, making it a very powerful sword soul, full of terrible murderousness.The terrible murderousness is like a sea of ​​storms, and it seems to engulf everything.It is an ancient sword! If it is an ordinary demon psychic teacher, even if it is already a black-gold level of the demon psychic teacher, in the face of this terrible murderous, I am afraid it must be mentally disordered and dieAt the moment of murderousness and demotion to Nie Li, Nie shouted low and quickly summoned the demon-evil spirit, rapidly changing his body, and then opened up the tactics of imaginary warfare.The body slowly disappearsThe murderousness that resembles a real substance passes through Nie away, but it does not cause any harm to Nie.Seeing this scene, the pupil of Ye Yan’s ancestors contracted slightly. He could feel that there were two demon spirits in the sea of ​​Nie’s soul, but he did not know what the two demon spirits were. He looked at this moment. When Nie departed from the tactics of exorcism, he took a cool breath at this moment.“Is actually a shadowy demon spirit!” Ye Yan’s ancestor thought of a shadowy demon spirit and could not help but also scalp tinglingIn the era of far-reaching age, Shadow Warbler was a very powerful demon spirit. Those who combined the demon spirits were all extremely powerful assassins. Even legendary demon spirit masters were extremely hard to guard against.There are countless legendary spirits and spirits who die under the shadowsLater, the shadow demon monster was almost extinct.Unexpectedly, even today, I actually saw a person who has combined the demon spirits! "No wonder that this kid is so determined that he can pull out the god of Thunder sword, it really is prepared!" Ye Yan ancestors secretly sighedAfter Nie Biao’s display of imaginary power, he slowly approached the Tianyi god Lei Jian and set foot on the altar step by step. When he walked two meters away from Tianzhu Shen Lei Jian, Nie Li’s body gradually slowed down. It emerged. Within this altar, I could not feel the murderousness of Scorpion God's sword.Nie Li did not continue to approach the Tianyi god Lei Jian, but sat down on the ground, and a stock of souls came out through the body and shook it toward the god of Thunder.Thunderbolt sword suddenly burst into tearsThousands of evil spirits of the Wicked Beasts turn into a flash of thunder, and Nie departs from the bombardment of this side."It's just right!" Nie Li's body, a demon spirit slowly rises, it is Nie Li's tiger teeth panda demon spirit, this demon spirit inseparable guardian in the Nie away side, with those demon spirit battle in the TogetherOne of the demon spirits crashed into the sea of ​​Nie's soul.Nie’s sea of ​​soul is like a whale that opens its mouth, swallowing the demon spirit directly.Like a terrible stone demon, the demon spirit was directly smashed and crushed. The soul power contained in that demon spirit was absorbed by Nie Li and used for his own use.For a moment, another demon rushes into the sea of ​​Nie's soul.The tiger tooth panda demon spirit is kept outside the soul sea of ​​Nie Li, only putting one demon spirit into it at a time.Nie Li constantly swallowed the demon spirit, repairing it as constantly improving, four silver stars and five silver stars, and gradually reached the edge of the Golden Demon Spirit Master.Numerous demon spirits were crushed, and soul power was defused by Nie Li, like a huge rope, rolled toward the god of lightningSoul Power and Leiguang around the Thunderbolt of God of Thunder, constantly bombarded and burst open again and again.Seeing this scene, Ye Yan’s ancestor suddenly realized that Nie Li was using this method to surrender the Scorpion God!