After seeing an exquisite piece of cake that was destroyed by Nie Li, Du Ze, and Lu Piao, the family's children were so depressed that they did not have such treatment. Xiao condensate also eats a few pieces. When she eats, her posture is pleasing and pleasing.After chatting with Nie Li for a moment, Xiao Lier returned to his seat.Lu Pei took a look at Nie Li’s shoulder and squeezed her eyebrows. “When did you hook up to our Goddess?"Nie Li shrugged:" We are just ordinary friends! "" Cut, who believes! "No matter if it was Duze or Lu Piao, they all glanced at the eyes with contempt."If it is an ordinary friend, will the Goddess send you breakfast?" Regardless of how Nie Li explains, Du Ze and Lu Piao don't believe it. When many of the family's children watch Nie Li, they have a strong feeling. In the hostility, Nie Limo quietly took away one of the two goddesses in the class. How could they give Nie away a good face? "Maybe she has something to find me for help.Nie Li said calmlyNie Li from this kid, actually so tight-lipped, regardless of how Du Zehe and Lu Piao flaunted their attacks, they couldn’t get a word out of it. They could only take it for granted.They decided to dig a bit and see what relationship between Nie Li and Ninger GoddessThe bells of the class rang and Shen Xiu wriggled around the waist and walked in with spring sunshine. There was no cold and pride in his face. His face was laughing like a chrysanthemum."You three returned to your seat!" Shen Xie took a look at Nie from the trio. Today there are important people coming to attend classes. She is naturally afraid to make it."What I'm going to talk about today is thatWhether it is for the warrior or the demon master, the embossing is very importantThere are two types of etched patterns, namely, patterns and battle patterns! The pattern is engraved on the armor and the warfare. It can greatly enhance the power of the armor and the warfare, especially the demon psychic, and can use the armor of the engraved high-ranking armor to exert its strength far beyond itself.As for the battle pattern, it is used on the Ming dynasty scroll, and it is engraved on the scroll. When it is used, it can burst into a powerful fighting force.! " Surprisingly, Shenxi actually started to talk about some substantive content today."The etched pattern is very profound and profound, and it has spread from the late period of the snow and snow empire. After thousands of years of continuous improvement, but in the dark age, the mainland suffered a mad hunter killing. Our glorious city inherited only a small part of it. There are three categories of Mingwen, namely, the Snow Sculpture, the Fire Flame, and the WarriorThey are the snow, snow, fire, and no attributes.""We are talking about today"Shen Xiuyu said, saying that the speech is much softer than usualOutside the classroom, three old men sat together and listened“The children of the sacred family are still very knowledgeable. It is certainly enough to teach this group of students!” One of the old men said with a smile. He was named Ye Sheng and was the vice president of Shenglan College.“There are several students in this class who are still good, whether Ye Zixuan or Shen Yue and Xiao Xinger!” Another old man is pleased with himself. He is a professor at Shenglan College and is called Lu Ye.In addition to Ye Sheng, there is an old man in grey robe next to him. Even Lv Ye does not know his identity.The old man in the grey robe just sat there casually, and there was a strong atmosphere that was not angry with the superiors. When Lu Ye talked, he was cautious and he did not dare to have the slightest carelessness."What do you think?" Ye Sheng looked to the old man in gray robe"Ok"The old man in gray gowns should not say anythingLv Yeh directly guilty in his heart, do not know what the identity of this gray gown in the end, actually like Vice President Ye Sheng ignored, identity status will inevitably not simple, I am afraid is still the director of Shenglan College, Lv Wild can not stand upThe students in the classroom didn't know that people outside of the classroom were listening to lectures. It was rare today that Shen Xi told some of the more substantial things. They all listened attentively.Shen Xiu slightly raised his chest, his face showing some kind of proud color, said: "Today I want to talk about the sacred flame! In the study of the sacred flame, the sacred family is a worthy leader!" "Sheng Huo Ming Wen Gong The sixty-six basic motifs, such as the imprint..." Shen Xiu painted a totem made up of many figures on the blackboard. "This is a red flame Yanming pattern. This is the Yanyan Yanming pattern. Created by the first generation of the sacred family, it is the most powerful bronze embossed pattern! This mingled pattern consists of thirty-six basic patterns, and it is also the most complex etched pattern in bronze patterns.Next we talk about these thirty-six basic etched patternsShen Xie endlessly narratesOther classmates in the class listened with relish, except that Nie was a little careless. He was completely uninterested in these basic ming patterns, and there were more than 600 kinds of basic mingled patterns on the sage of the Holy Fire instead of 66 types.If it wasn’t for Ye Zixuan, for the treasures of Shenglan College, Nie Licai would not stay here to listen to Shen Xiu’s talk about these boring things.In his opinion, Shen Xiu's curriculum is simply a mistake, and he cannot listen at all.A red flame Yanming Ming dare to claim the most powerful bronze etched, it is simply unknown heightShen Xiu’s eyes swept across the crowd and fell on Nie Li’s body. Nie ran against her before she left her. She did not hold her in her eyes. She also made a bet with her.Seeing that Nie did not listen carefully attentively, sneer sneer, this finally found opportunities for her! Shen Xiujin endlessly explained thirty-six kinds of basic Mingwen. Nie had no interest at all. He simply slept on the table and slept.At this time, the Vice President Ye Sheng was a bit unpleasant. He glanced at the old man in the grey robe next to him. Today, there is a big man to listen to classes. Nie Li actually slumbers at this time. This is simply for them. Shame, do not know what the student's name, if he knows it, we must expel the student from the college, never hired! The old man in the grey-gown did not have any indication, and Vice President Ye Sheng secretly breathed a sigh of relief.Lv Ye was on the side and said: “The first class for apprentices in the military will inevitably be mixed. After returning, I must teach this student well! The parents spent so much money to send them to Shenglan College, not let them come to sleep!” Ye Sheng Nodded his head, Lu Ye is still very eye-catchingNie Li actually fell asleep. Shen Xiu became more worried. Did the student below sleep say that she was boring? “Nie Li!” Shen Xiu walked to Nie away and drank.Nie fell asleep and thought that he hadn’t slept well for a week. He was still quite sleepy and barely opened his eyes. “What happened?” Seeing that Nie Li was awakened by Shen Xiu, all the family’s younger brothers secretly The snickers are endless. What they want to see most is that Nie Li has been taught. Who let Nie Li grab the goddess in their eyes? "This is Nie's miserable!" Duze and Lu Piao looked at each other with a wry smile. Anyway, they were absolutely afraid to do such things as sleeping.Nie Li’s attitude made Shen Xiu even more irritated and resigned: “I actually slept in my class. Did you understand it?” “Yes!” Nie Li said frankly."You..." Shen Xiu was almost speechless by Nie Lie. From the very beginning, Nie Li had been sleeping. Nie actually said that he knew everything. Shen Xiu smirked a few words: "Since you know everything, you talk to me about the above-mentioned kermis!" Nie Li glanced at the Mingwen and said: "This is a low-level kermet of a fire system. It's barely a bronze level. It consists of 38 basic patterns. The power is very small, but it should be good to boil water!" The whole class suddenly laughed when he heard Nie Li."Haha, laughing at me, he didn't really listen at all. He actually said that the Chiyan Yanming Ming pattern was made up of 38 basic patterns. Just now, Shen Xiu said that it was made up of 36 patterns of Ming dynasty. !" "I smiled and my tears came out. He actually said that this pattern is used to boil water!" A family's children laughed.Ye Zizhen can not help but smile, Shen Yue is a little angry, because Nie actually said that the ancestral bronze patriarch of his sacred family is used to boil water, it is simply bearable! Among all the people, the most calm is Xiao Ning'er. Xiao Ning'er thinks that Nie Yuan is only Tibetan mastiff. None of these people know that Nie is truly talented.Outside the classroom, Lv Yeh also laughed and said: “This student is really funny. He actually said that Chiyan’s blaze is made up of 38 kinds of basic patterns, and that Chi Yan’s blaze is used to It's time to boil water!” When Lvye could not help laughing, he suddenly discovered that Ye Sheng’s dean and the old man in the grey robe didn’t laugh. His laughter suddenly came to an abrupt end, and he stumbled back into his stomach."What's ridiculous is that the Chiyan Yanmao is actually composed of 38 basic patterns!" Deputy Dean Ye Sheng said calmly, and after this level of in-depth study, they will find out that Chi Yan has been inflamed. There are two basic etched patterns that are not fundamentally etched at all, but are made up of four other basic patterns. It's just that he is a bit surprised. It was actually said by a student. Is it because he is just a monk? And for those of them who are strong in this realm, the Chi Ming Yan burst of garbage, can only be used to boil water, the actual role is very smallA gray light shines in the eyes of the old man's eyes, but he did not say anything.“Snapping up!” Shen Xiu grunted and gloomy. As a family member of the sacred family, she couldn’t tolerate anyone degrading the flames of the red flame.Nie Li does not care about the ridicule of all the trainees and continues to talk about it. "This line was first recorded in Volume 7 of the Thunderfire Code. The real name should be Leihuo Yanmao. It consists of 60 lines. , is a bit complicated, but later did not know which stupid hat, the thundery part of the cut, casually changed a few pen, into this nondescript Yan Chi Yan YanThere is no practical effect at all. It is only allocated to the sacred warriors of the Holy Fire who have experimented and studied."What is that thing? All the practitioners looked at each other."Nie actually said that the first family leader of the Holy Family was a silly hat? Shen Xi was furious. Shen Xiu simply didn’t know what the Thunderfire Code was, nor did he know what was recorded in Volume 7 of the Thunderfire Code.“Inexplicably, there is no such book in the world!” Shen Xiu thought for a moment, and immediately retorted, “What is the seventh volume of the Song of Fire? For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience