"Hide soul, soul, Dan, and even the legendary heart of the soul, as well as red Yan Yan, nine turn Dan, what kind of drug you want, we can help you get itNo matter what cultivation practice, as long as you want, we can all find it...” Ye Xiu said proudly, what is the city’s main government in this shining city? Hearing Ye’s words, the spirit is like looking Idiot looks at Ye XiuAs the ancestor of the city of glory, there are many treasures of power that the average person simply can't imagine. Even so, he was mocked by Nie Lizhi. The garbage maneuvers of the city's main government can be followed by Nie Li. The exercises are similar to each other? Ye Xiu actually said to provide power to the law of Nie? “Ye Xiu’s older generation, you’ve just come back from the outside. Didn’t the Lord of the City tell you that the recipes for the various types of potency medicines in the City of Lights are all provided by me? If you need something like Quench Dan, it’s just like me. Say, three or five thousand I still get it, even if it is for Ye Xiu’s older generation.Nie waved and wavedWhat are the formulas for the various kinds of immortality used in the City of Glory? This matter is only known to the few members of the Association of Alchemists, Ye Zhuzong and Ye Zhuzong. Ye Xiu really just came back and he hurriedly took this mysterious pamphlet to come here. He did not listen to Ye Zong. This thing is"This..."“Please ask Ye Xiu’s senior to go back and tell Ye Zong’s master to let me arrange the magic demon spirit array. But I have a request."Nie Li said with a smile"What requirements?" Ye Xiu eyes bright"My sister and I have to move to Ye Ziying's other homes. I want to live with Ye Zixuan. Otherwise, I don't have inspiration and I don't have a magical array of demons."Nie is slightly off the corner of the mouth, said"What?" Ye Xiuyan's eyes widened, he never expected that Nie actually would make such a request.He stared at Nie for a long time, and he looked at the daughter of the city owner from the very beginning. It was no wonder that when Ye Zong’s name heard Nie Li’s name, he looked down upon him.Nie was only a teenager. Is it premature for those who are early wisdom? Did you know about men and women so early? However, Nie from this request, it is too exaggerating a bit too much? Ye Xiu swallowed a mouthful of saliva. If you change it to other people, when you hear this, Ye Zongfei cannot kill him! Ye Xiu was silent for a long time. He said with a wry smile, “I’m afraid this is something I can’t do for the Lord. I’m going to have to call Ye Zong’s deceased person!” Ye Xiu’s inner heart has literally 10 million horses running around and howling through it. How to say to Ye Zong? Tell Ye Zong that she can use her daughter to exchange magic demons? He can almost imagine what kind of expression Ye Zong will hear afterwards.If you don’t agree, then the Ten Thousand Magic Spirits are really too important.If yes, does it mean that we have to send the purple woman to the door? How did he meet such a guy? With a feeling of crying and laughing, Ye Xiu left Nie Yi’s other home"What? Bastard, I want to tear him! He doesn't want to live this evening!" Ye Zong listened to Ye Xiu's words and suddenly jumped into a thunder, and the armrests of the seat were crushed by him.Ye Zong's arm veins are exposed. If he knows that Nie will be so inseparable, he would have to pinch his long-lost miscellaneous accounts in other children's courtyards. “The Lord of the City invites anger, this matter is related to the safety of hundreds of millions of people in the glorious city. Please also ask the Lord of the City to think again!” Ye Xiu long expected Ye Zonghui to be such a response, and he said quickly that"What kind of magic demon spirit array, is clearly the kid fabricated out! This kid does not know what to say with rhetoric, deceived my daughter, and now want to deceive me with something unrealistic, is simply wishful thinking!" Ye Zong anger skyYe Xiu shook her head and shook her head: "I don't think the little guy named Nie Lie should lie without lying.If he were to lie, he wouldn't say that he could arrange to complete the demon spirit array in two months. After all, the two months are very fast. If he does not come out, he will soon be dismantled.Will definitely say three years, five years or even longer"Ye Zong was irritated by anger, so he lost his sense of reason. Ye Xiu was still quite cool."Even if he can arrange the demons, but let me take my daughter and exchange them, absolutely not! Even if he knows how to set up the demons, and wants to talk to me about conditions, the door is not! We will go In his other homes, if he didn't care for the arrangement of the demons, he wouldn't blame me for being polite!” Ye Zong shot up and went outside the hall.After seeing Ye Zong’s move, Ye Xiu’s heart shook slightly and he followed the emergency step and said, “If you are an adult, please think again.This million magic demon spirit array is composed of tens of thousands of black gold-class demon spirits.If people in the arrangement feel their resentment, and if there are some hands and feet in them and suddenly the problems occur when the war approaches, then what should be good? "Ye Xiu, what do you mean by this? Can you let me Ye Zong treat her daughter? Ye Zong is like an irritated lionYe Xiu hurriedly said: “I certainly don’t mean this. I’ve heard that this Nie seems to be a soft spot for the deaf children.At the age of deaf children, it is a good niece of other families who can already be married.Although Nie Li does not have any power, but with his talents and his accomplishments, he deserves to be a deaf. Maybe after decades, he will be a glorious city and another legendary strongman.This young man may be a good match for nephew! "" Good match? joke! At a young age, all kinds of pitfalls are deceitful. Who knows what will happen when marrying him? And I also know that this boy is smitten everywhere, and Xiao Long, a family member of the Pterosaurs, is there anyway."Ye Zong glared at Ye Xiu, Shen Sheng said," If you mention this matter again, we'll blame me! "Ye Xiu opened his mouth and smiled. He could only shut up. It seemed that Ye Zong was quite obsessed with Nie Li."From the perspective of Ye Xiu himself, Nie Li’s character is not too bad. Even if the young people are immersed in the outside world, what can it be? Who is not that age? The nobles of the glorious city, except for a few, which is not Three wives and four wives? This is normal againEven Ye Zong himself and two wivesHowever, Ye Zixuan was the only daughter of Ye Zong and wanted to persuade Ye Zong.Ye Zong’s footsteps had just entered Nie Li’s other courtyard. He only heard a message from another courtyard: “Hey, father-in-law, what wind has blown you?"After hearing this sentence, Ye Zongyi, he was almost knocked down by the door, and all the people were trembling.Under normal circumstances, such as the black gold level of Ye Zong, even if it is a rock, kick can also be directly broken, let alone a small threshold! At this time, he was really out of breath by Nie, and he almost lost his reason.Hearing Nie Li’s words and seeing Ye Zong’s appearance, Ye Xiu wants to laugh and dare not laugh. As the city’s owner of the glorious city, in addition to Nie Li, who dares to speak in front of Ye Zong? Nie actually lived and died. It is a miracle. This world is really a thing and a thing! Ye Zong's powerful soul breath erupted. At the moment, his face was terrible. Every foot was on the ground, and a deep footprint appeared on the ground, like the demons from Hell.Even Ye Xiu felt the terrible pressure from Ye Zong. Ye Zong was the strongest talent in the fifth generation of Feng Xue’s family. Only after a few years, the repair had reached the limit of the black gold level. , so that Ye Xiu is also far behind“The City Lord adults...” Ye Xiu screamed in a hurry. He worried that Ye Zong couldn’t control his anger. He took Nie away and gave it away. It’s really a great loss to the City of Glory.Ye Zonggang just took two steps. Nie Li standing on a distant step felt a surge of pressure like a tsunami.As soon as Ye Zong’s pressure was about to be suppressed on Nie Li’s body, he suddenly heard a heavy sip and stood on the shoulders of Nie’s shoulders. He spoke out: “Ye Zongxiaozi, letting go, I’m Ye Yan’s ancestor. , Give me a stop!” At the time of hearing this, Ye Zong’s spirit was suddenly paused. His face showed a confused look. The sound seemed familiar.“Ye Zongxiaozi, don’t you forget that I’m not a success? Can you let me rule you for the crime of destroying your ancestral home?” Ye Ye’s ancestors in the cemetery slammed coldly. “When I was in the illusion of heaven, if not I taught you seven books for repairing the mind. Do you have today?” “Ye Yeh's ancestor?” Ye Zong’s gaze falls on Nie Li’s shoulder.At this time, Nie Li’s face was hung with a smile, making Ye Zong angry."Yeah, it's me"Ye Yan's ancestors saidYe Zong’s face was even more ironic and gloomy: “Nie Li, you are so timid and shrewd. You actually sealed the ancestor’s soul seal and made it into a halberd. It’s simply sin and forgiveness! If I don’t kill you today, I don't want to name a leaf!" "Let's put it, don't you name it, what's your name?" Ye Yan's ancestors roared. "I was voluntarily sealed into the coffin.""The father-in-law said, "I don't know what I did to make my father-in-law feel so angry. I was guilty here today.""Nie left a smile, but there is a bit of apology on the faceSeeing this scene, Ye Xiu slept for a few seconds. Ye Yan's ancestor? For Ye Yan’s ancestor, he was familiar again. This is a very big secret of the City of Lights.Only those of them who have passed the test of heaven's illusion know that there is an eternal and immortal soul in the celestial environment. That is the ancestor of Ye Yan.It can be said that many of their black-gold level demon psychic teachers have received the teachings of the ancestor of Ye Yan.But now, Ye Ye's ancestors actually came out of the heavens, and were sealed in the spirits? what on earth is it?