Ye Xiu's eyes fell on Nie Li's body and he looked carefully. The boy in front of him was the legendary boy wizard. In addition to being a little older, I can't see a peculiar placeBut at this moment, a bird made of all-metals flies over Nie’s shoulders.Although the bird is made of metal, the eyes are devastating and full of infinite wisdom. They look at Ye Xiu with an overlooked look."Yes, it is a spirit!" Ye Xiu gave a glimpse of his heart. After he had been with Ye for so many years, he was also very knowledgeable. Although he had heard of this thing, he had never seen it, let alone knowing how to make it. MethodOnly the person who made the coffin can become the owner of the coffinSince Nie Li has a coffin, that is, Nie Li is the creator of the coffin.The technique of making a coffin has long been lost. How did Nie left do it? And Nie departs from this spirit, unlike the eyes of those legends who generally have muddled their eyes. The smart eyes clearly tell others that it has extremely high wisdom.If it is an ordinary boy, he knows that the number 3 figure of Feng Xue’s family visit has long been scared. However, Nie Li looked at him with a look of skepticism.Ye Xiu began to be curious about this young boy“I heard that we have a talented young wizard in our city of glory, so I want to come and meet."Ye Xiu smiled slightly and was not angry because of Nie's attitude.“Ye Xiu’s older generation came to me, I’m afraid I’m not trying to meet you."Nie Li said carelessly.Is this boy really only 13 or four years old? Is it simply enchanting? Ye Xiu adjusted his attitude and no longer looked at Nie Li as a boy. He smiled and said, “I’m here to ask for something to do.Nie Li had originally thought that Ye Xiu was sent by the city's chief proponent Ye Zong. It is estimated that Ye Zong does not want to see himself. Therefore, Nie Li is wary of Ye Xiu. However, since Ye Xiu himself came to seek something, Nie It must be definitely helpfulAfter all, Ye Xiu is the third person in Feng Xue’s family. Ye Ziyan’s uncle“Ye Xiu’s predecessor did not care about it. I’m sure you know it all. You’re the uncle of Zi Zi. It’s also my uncle!” Nie patted his chest.Hearing Nie Li's words, Ye Xiu's mouth twitched slightly. He suddenly realized that Ye Zong had become annoyed. Nie had to leave this little kid to be a little bit bigger. He wanted to book Ye Zixuan as a wife. "Keke"Ye Xiugan coughed and took out a booklet." Nie Lih, when I and Yeh Moi traveled abroad, they got this thing. What do you think about this? After Ye Xiu took out the mysterious pamphlet, Nie felt a pure soul.“Let me see!” Nie Li slightly frowned, carefully taking over from Ye Xiu’s hand and turning it up.This booklet is full of mysterious texts, patterns, and embossed patterns.Nie was away from the skull on the shoulder and was also staring intently at this booklet."What is this? It looks like the text of the ancient sacred empire."Nie spits out from the shoulders of the spirit and spits out people's words, making Ye Xie scare a big jumpThis spirit can actually speak? Ye Xiu didn't think of it, this seal in the spirit, but the founding of the glorious city of the beginning of the five giants Ye Yan ancestor! "Losing you also said that you have a great knowledge. This is not the text of the sacred empire. Although it was evolved from the era of the Holy Empire, this is the period after the divine empire was destroyed.Nie Li replied"This, I guess it's eight-nine..." Ye Ye’s ancestors quibbled"What's the use of guessing what's the score eighty-nine? Can you know what this book is in the end?" Nie turned his eyes."It seems to be some kind of tactics to control the demon spirits. Like this etched pattern, it should be something that controls the demon spirit."Ye Yan ancestor proudly said that he still can analyze a lot of things from above"Guess that you have two or three points, but if you know a little bit of fur, you'll be complacent, and you might as well not know anything!" Nie Li was disgusted with the words of Ye Yan's ancestor.Ye Yan’s ancestor was helpless, and he was considered to be a memorandum by Qian Wen before his death, but Nie was left here but criticized for nothing and left his old face a bit unrecognisable.Hearing the dialogue between Nie Li and Ye Yan’s ancestor, Ye Xiuzhen is sweating. As a coffin, it is very good to be able to identify two or three points. Ye Xiu and Ye Mo are seeing this booklet. When it was completely blank, I did not know what it was used for.[Love goes to the novel network.] But even then, that spirit or Nie left the dog's blood, it is not to say that they are not even more than two coffins? Ye Xiu Lao hot face"Ye Xie seniors, I am not saying you!" Nie Li looked at his wish to drill into the field of leaf repair, saidHearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Xiu’s heart was hit by a dead one.“I don’t know where Ye Xiu’s predecessor got this book. This book is no small matter. Ye Xiu’s older generation had to take care of it.This booklet records the formation of an array of monsters called the Demon Spirit, which can control thousands of blackheads and above to form a super-matrix, even the legendary demon spirit master. In this circle, it will also be easily bombarded.After reading Nie away, he handed the booklet to Ye Xiu.After listening to Nie Li’s words, whether it was Ye Xiu or Ye Yan’s ancestors who were sealed in the spirits, his mind was one of them.Even the legendary demon psychic can easily kill? It’s too terribleThe ancestors of Ye Yan in the cemetery sink a little. According to some of the etched patterns and patterns he saw, Nie Li said that he should be inseparable. At this time, he was more admired for Nie Li, and even the ancient Ulan Empire. The text can be identified and it can be seen exactly what this booklet is for. Nie Li is really much stronger than him.It's ridiculous that he always thought he had a lot of knowledge. Now he thinks it's a shame.Ye Xiu took Nie away from the booklet in his hand. After a moment of silence, he asked, “What would happen if you were to arrange a magical demon squadron near the city's main palace?” “Then there are dozens of legendary demon spirits in the other side. Teacher, also do not want to rush into the main government!" Nie said without hesitation, joking, this magic demon spirit is not a big show, even with the most basic method of refining, but also to deal with the legendary spirit of the demon If Nie Li strengthens it further, the power is even more unimaginable.Hearing Nie Li, Ye Xiu stayed for a moment and was shocked and asked, "Really?"Nie left to nod"Can you arrange this million demon spirit array?" Ye Xiu asked, if you can arrange this million magic demon spiritual array near the landlords' palace, the huge building under the land of the city can accommodate all the people of the entire city of glory. , then this million demon spirit array, enough to save everyone in distress! “This is not a problem, but the time it takes to arrange this magic demon spirit is a bit long and exhausting.And the materials needed are also difficult to cobble together, requiring nearly 10,000 black gold level demon spirits.Nie shook his head and shook his head. "I have to practice too."It's fine to have 10,000 black gold spirits. How long will it take for this circle to be completed?" “Ye Xiu asked, is such a powerful circle of law, fearing that it will take 10 to 20 years to complete it? But even so, Ye Xiu is prepared to be mentally prepared.As long as you can arrange such a magic demon spirit array, how much it costs to spend is worth it, this is the life-long symbol of the glorious city ah! "It takes a full two months"Nie Li said in a moment"What...what? Two months?" Ye Xiu said in a stupid way. He thought he was wrong."What's the matter?" Nie looked up and looked puzzled.With such a powerful method, even if it takes ten years, Ye Xiu does not feel long. Nie Li thinks that the two months are long? In two months, you can make the city of glory more life-long symbol? When Ye Xiu thought of this, she became excited."I represent the main city, please help arrange this million demon spirit array, how?" Ye Xiu said with a slight hand, although the front stood only a 13-year-old child, but at this time, he is completely Look at the other as a child"I'm busyNie Shi shrugged“Yes no time?” Ye Xiu stayed for a moment, then hurriedly said, “This matrix method is related to the safety of the glorious city. As a member of the glorious city, how can we...” Ye Xiuhua said nothing. After the end, Nie Li interrupted: "I am a member of the City of Lights right, but there is no obligation to help the Lord City Government to do this thing, right? To help you arrange the magic demon spirit array is not impossible, but leaves You can't seem to represent the city's main government, if you want to repair the older generation, if you want me to help arrange the magic demon spirit array, at least let the Lord of the Ancients speak over it?” The arrangement of the demonic demons is not impossible, Nie Li’s cultivation speed is not Surprising, but it takes at least six months or more to reach the gold level or even the black gold level. There is a talisman in the glorious city within two months. It is not bad.Only this matter, Ye Zong must come to ask him to act in person, has just been vomiting blood by Ye Zong, and now also helplessly help Ye Zong layout million magic demon spiritual array, he is not so bully! After hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Xiu made a slight glimpse and immediately understood the meaning of Nie Li. He said, “If you are willing to help us arrange the magic demon spiritual array, you are the hero of the entire shining city. We can give it to you. You provide a lot of cultivation resources..." "And so on!" Nie waved his hand and asked, "I don't know if Ye Xiu's predecessors thought that the landlord's government could provide me with what cultivation resources?" For mobile phone users, please read w to read more. A good reading experience