After Nie Li came back safely, he continued to start repairs.The spirit that seals the soul of the ancestor was fluttering everywhere and stayed in the illusion of heaven for a long time. Ye Yan’s ancestor felt fresh no matter where he went."I didn't expect that the millennium is over. The city of glory hasn't fallen and survived so far. In those days, in retrospect, I still have the lingering fear!" Ye Yan's ancestors thought with emotion: "It is said that the city's owner here is also surnamed Ye. I don't know if it's my thunder family. Child"" Ye Yan ancestors you still don't think about it, Thunder family has long been exterminated, and today's city owners, is a family of wind and snow! "Nie left his eyes and said"Boy, you don't know it. The wind and snow family inherited from the Thunder family and was the branch of my thunder family. Even if your landowners met me, they would have to call me a ancestor! Your kid actually I'm so disrespectful..." Ye Yan made two sounds and said proudly."You? Do you think I will put the city owner in my eyes? If it weren't because he was my father-in-law, I would have forced him to get out of the city!" Nie Li dismissed the words of Ye Yan's ancestors. " The most powerful existence you have ever seen is nothing more than a legendary realm!" "Boy, the tone is not small, why wouldn't you have seen a strong player on the legendary?" "Of course it has been seen, the legend is just cultivation. At the beginning, do you know how the Wicked riots in the dark age happened?” Nie said with a faint smile."How do I know? Those monsters are probably stimulating!" Ye Yan's ancestors still said bluntly."It wasn't that the Wicked Animal had received some kind of stimuli. Instead, there was a Wicked Man who had been promoted to the supernatural powers and opened up the wisdom. The top 300 or so legendary strongholds of St. Only the Wicked beast decided to hunt it, but did not want to provoke the Wicked Beast. Finally, he took the evil and was killed. The Wicked Animal commanded the entire Wicked Land of the Holy Land to hunt the Terran. The great Terran empire fell apart in a matter of months. That year was the beginning of the Dark Age!" Nie said carefreely."This is the case!" Ye Yan suddenly realized that no wonder after the start of the Wicked Riot, several top empire's top strong, like the human world has evaporated in general, did not appear"In your opinion, perhaps the monster beyond the legend is already unrivalled. In another domain, it is only the most basic creature! At the peak of my strength, an idea can be achieved. It's killing!” Nie looked away from her eyes for a long time, and although she sat there silently, it was like a mountain.At the moment, suddenly, Ye Yan felt a strong soul atmosphereThis soul atmosphere has experienced endless vicissitudes of life. Although the strength is still very weak, there is an extremely terrible force. This power is only felt by the ancestor of Ye Yan who is a soul body. This power is terrible. ShudderWho is this kid in the end? Although Nie Li only had silver-grade cultivation, the soul of Ye Yan's ancestor was like being in a stormy sea.Even if it is the strongest player in the realm of legend, it is not enough to make Ye Yan’s ancestors feel so scared."Ye Yan, do you want to reshape the flesh and see the magical realm?" Nie retired and looked at the smiling genius of Ye Yan.Ye Yan's ancestor was slightly blasphemed by God, and the terrible soul breath just disappeared in a flash, as if it had never happened before. Nie Liming Ming Ming was only a teenager. Why did he give him such a horrible feeling? Seeing a calm smile from Nie, Ye Yan's ancestor suddenly felt that the inner desire and expectation sprouted up without restraint.What kind of place does Nie Li say about that boundary? “I'm going!” Ye Ye’s ancestors gazed at him. Unconsciously, when he was facing Nie Li, his tone became humble.Although I do not know why Nie Li is a child's body, but Ye Yan's ancestors can be determined, Nie Li's body, inhabited is definitely a super strong soul! Only he who is the body of soul can feel it at a certain moment! After sealing the soul of Ye Yan’s ancestors into the spirits, Ye Yan’s ancestor was already controlled by Nie Li, but from this moment on, he truly surrenders to Nie Li.Without saying anything more, Nie Li began to enter the state of latent repair, ready to attack the golden demon spirit master as soon as possible.After a certain period of cultivation in the other courtyards of Nie Li, Du Ze and Lu Geng both left the shrine and returned to their respective families.The Duze family lived in a dilapidated village with more than 300 people in the village, all of themDuze walked down the country road and walked along. He saw Du Zhe return, and the people of the Du Clan who were cultivating were greeting and their faces were full of smiles.“Dazeh is back?” “Yes, uncles!” Duze smiled and responded. Although the D’s clan were poor, their relationship was very harmonious.The elders looked at Duze and smiled and said: “The Dumonts are really blessed, and they have such children as Duze!” “Yeah, at a young age, they are already silver spirits. It’s incredible. We The entire Du family must rely on him!” “If my kid had half the gifts and qualities of Duzer, I would have even gravely laughed!” These elders were too exaggerated, and Daze’s cheeks were reddish. Walk toward your own homeNowadays, all of the family members of Du's clan are proud of Duze. Du Ze is irreplaceable.“Daze, this is a token of my Du family. I’m from the fire. Only the patriarchs of the ages are qualified to retain this piece of jade. Now I’ll pass it on to you. When you are grown up, you’re the patriarch of my D’s clan. "A man with a white hair, a stature, and a plain old man, leaned into his body and wrapped it in the hands of Duzer.This old man is the patriarch of Du's clan, Du Rong.“The patriarch, what is precious about me, Duze can't afford it!” said Dusse nervously, he could feel the pure soul power from the flames.“Our Du family did not endure for too long. As the owner of the Du family, I was the father of the Du family. Now only you can rejuvenate my Du family. You deserve it!” Du Rong solemnly said, Du Ze. The young and old become maturer than the juvenile juveniles, so Du Rong dared to give him away from the flames.Duze hesitated for a long time before he took over from the fire in the hands of Du Rong. His feelings could not be calm for a long time.The past has surfacedDuze's family is very poor. The entire family has only a few tens of acres of barren land. Occasionally, he hunts and hunts, barely maintains food and clothing. There are two older sisters in Duze, to enter the Holy Spirit College for Duze and to marry the disabled village next door. PeopleDuze’s heart was burdened with too much, and he dared to burst into tears only when it was dead at night. He felt sorry for his two sisters.After entering the Holy Spirit School, although the talent is not so outstanding, but Duze is the equivalent of other children to pay several times, several times the effort, he will use his efforts to change the fate of the family and the family! Originally, everything was so distant and embarrassing until it met Nie Li.Nie Li completely changed his destiny and made him a silver spirit master! It also caused his family to completely change the face of past poverty.Duze tightly clutched away from the fire Yulinpei, his eyes were wet with tears."Nie Li, I will be your life in Duze!" Duze said quietly in his heart, his eyes became extraordinarily firm.Because Nie Li and Du Ze really changed their destiny and changed their family fate. “Due Ze, Chen Jia and Yu Jia of Beizhen, and the Lin family of Jinzhen, all sent people over and wanted to give us a kiss!” Du Rong’s thick hands shook slightly, for many years, Very few girls are willing to marry their Du family, but today, these families are eager to make friends with the Du family. How glorious this thing is.Duze looked up and shook his head resolutely: “I don’t marry those women when they are adults. When we lost our homes, they shied away from us, but now, one by one, they all come and cry. I look down on those families!" Du Rong thought for a while, and indeed, Duze is now a silver spirit teacher. How can he see these small families? Du Rong smiled and said: "It seems that Ozawa has his own ideas."Lujia is a small noble family. Lu Jia's homeowner Lu Ning, Lu Piao's father, is a gold Samsung demon psychiatrist, unable to compare with those of the superpowers, but in a small area in the northern part of the glorious city, He is still quite prestigious, plus he is well-managed and his business is doing well.Lu Ning Long walked into the living roomAfter Lu Ning enters the living room, Lu Piao still has his legs curled up on the table and eats dark purple fruits in his mouth.Seeing this scene, Lu Ning's eyes blew a cigarette. If it was before, Lu Piao dared to contend in front of him. He absolutely had to crack Lu Pang’s ass. All along, Lu Gap was a family descendant. One of the most uncomfortable ones, very lazy, it is simply mud can not help the wallOne day, Lu’s body feels itchy.But it was so lazy Lu Piao, recently did not know how, and suddenly opened up, when the family test last time, actually reached the bronze five-star level, all other teenagers in the family compared to goThis is simply an unthinkable thingEven Lu Ning himself, at the age of Lu Piao, was only able to reach the level of bronze one star. The practice speed of Lu Piao was too terrible, and he actually reached the bronze five-star level.If Lu Piao is working diligently every day, then that's it. He did not even see how much time Lv Piao spent on cultivation. Moreover, Lu Piao's boy was completely idle and was scurrying around. He actually ran into the next house yesterday. When a family peeks at Xiao’s niece, she’s simply unable to take a bath.Lu Ning had thought that this matter was going to be a big one. Xiao Jia’s people wouldn’t take it easy. As a result, Xiao Jia’s sent a beggar in the morning. He would marry Xiao’s niece to Lu Giao.Lu Ning understands that Xiao Jia is fancy to the potential of Lu Piao. According to Lu Piao's current practice progress, she may become a powerful black gold level demon fighter during her lifetime. One of the laziest people, the pace of cultivation is so fast, actually peeked out of the bath to steal a married woman! Even Lu Ning also feels that this is simply too unreasonable!