In a matter of years, Lu Piao’s cultivation will surpass his old man. Although Lu Ning is a bit embarrassed, after all, Lu Piao is his own son and he is certainly proud."Lapiao ah ..." Lu Ning struggled for a moment, and finally Yue Yen, whispered, "You do nothing at home at all troubles, but you actually went to Xiao to sneak at Xiao's daughter, take a bath, if this thing is passed out My Lu Jia's face was lost by you!” Lu Pang’s face was slightly red, and he was extremely jealous. “Oh, I know I am wrong!” “I'm wrong!” Lu Ning asked to nod , "I know that I can make great improvements!" "The next time I peek, I will never let them discover again..." Lu Piao shook his fist and said solemnly.Hearing Lu Piao, Lu Ning twitched his mouth and sweated so much that he gave birth to such a ...... He just killed Lu Piao heart has it! Although depressed, but he did not dare to do it, now Lu Piao is their Lu Jia's heart and soul baby, who dares to move? "This thing, Xiao Jia sent people over!" said Lu Ning“Really? What do they say?” Lu floated and immediately got excited. “Don't you have a kiss with them?” Hearing Lu Pang’s words, Lu Ning froze, and then he understood: “ It turned out that your kid likes the Xiao family's niece...when you told me to ask Shaw's dear friend?Hey, it's too much for Shaw's face!” Before he changed his job a year ago, Lu Ning absolutely did not dare to say so. At the time, Lu Giao floated on this mixed-lunch kid, thinking about Xiao Xue, it was simply eating swan meat and wishful thinking. But now, the situation is different. Think of Lu Piao as a result of this, and Lu Ning is also happy.When I heard Lu Ning, Lu floated downAlthough he is not normally shaped, he still respects the rules, but he is a soft spot for Shaw's Xiao Xue.He and Xiaoxue had childhood and childhood together, but as the two sides gradually grew up, it seemed that there was a hint of subtle feelings. The two adults also consciously restricted their contact.After seeing Lu Wan’s appearance, Lu Ning was happy. He did not mention Xiao Qin’s pro; instead, Xiao Jia gave them a kiss to Lu Jia. This is really a long face! At this point, a servant rushed"The old lady of Xiao Jia came!" The servant said nothing, only heard a crisp female voice outside."Lu Piao, you give me out!" It was Xiao Xue who spoke. She wore a red-hot skirt and outlined the bumpy figure. A ponytail combed behind and looked pretty and pleasant. His hands were on his hips. SprinkleSeeing Xiao Xue, Lu Piao's head shrinks and suddenly tries to escape."Lu Piao, if you dare to run, don't come to see me again!" Xiao Xue pointed to see Lu Piao, suddenly drunkThe ground dangled his head and stood stillXiao Shou's slender fingers grasped Lu's ear, and said arrogantly: “Lap, I peeked yesterday and I took a bath?” “No!” Lu Piao's head was shaken like a rattle."No? Still dare to say no?" Xiao Xuexiu said"Have"Lu Pang's heart is not complaining." Tap, tap, snow, I'm wrong! "" Recently peeked several times? ""... once, oh, no, no, more than once..." "How many times? ""I can't remember"Landwalking with a face"Where are you sneaked? Let's talk!""Just watched...oh, no, all the light...""Isn't it good to see!" Xiao Xue twisted the floating ears, anger and added some strength"Well, look goodA few pictures emerged from Lu Piao's head and nodded immediately."You dare to say!" Xiaoxue rushed to the ground and stompedLu Piao quickly shook his head: "Do not look good!" "I actually dare to say I do not look good!" Xiao Xue once again roared Lu floating, his right hand was tightened moreThe pain in Lu Piao's heart, should he say he should look good or not? After seeing this scene, Lu Ning's head shrank. Xiao Xue simply spoke with Lu Giao and his mother. He crept into the backyard and squatted into the backyard.Lu drifted to seek help from the old man, but he saw that the old man had run away. The heart was depressed. Are you still me? This is too unconscionable! There are several black gold demon spirit masters in Yezong, who are gathering together to discuss what“The Lord of the City’s adults, Ye Moi’s generals came to the news. Due to the changes in the climate, the speed of the creepy beasts near our shining city is much faster than in previous years. We have to mobilize some people to go hunting down these evil beasts and keep them shining. The number of Wicked beasts near the city, otherwise these Wicked beasts will grow and will pose a great threat to our City of Glory."One of the black gold demon spirit masters said that he is the third-ranking figure in the city, called Ye Xiu, and Xiu Xie is second only to Ye Mohe and Ye Zong."Ye Zong was silent for a moment and nodded his head: “Well, we mobilized some of the enemies to go hunting. Fortunately, there is an Elixir of the Alchemist Association, which has strengthened our strength and added another nine turns. Dan, can greatly reduce the casualties of personnel“Ye Zong’s mind came up with a figure. At this point, he had to admit that Nie was a dispensable member, but he thought that Nie actually dared to scold his daughter. Ye Zong’s heart had torn Nie apart."But beware of the dark guilds!" Ye Zong added, once they sent the demon psychiatrist out of the city, it is difficult to guarantee the dark guild will not do some tricks“In addition, Ye Mo’s adults also asked me to bring back something and asked the owner to look!” Ye Xiu said, taking out a booklet from the storage ring. “Ye Moe adults are in an ancient place. If you find this thing in the cave, you don't know what kind of material it is made of and what kind of text it uses.“Ye Xiu said, looking through the album, I saw a beautiful pattern that caught my eye, filled with all sorts of strange and similar charms, and painted various demon patterns.”A mysterious force is blowingThis power is extremely pure. Even Ye Zong did not feel such pure power from anywhere.“Where did this booklet come from?” Ye Zong gave a slight glimpse of it. He took the booklet and examined it carefully. The text above was extremely complicated and he could not understand it."This is when Ye Moi-yin finds himself in the cave of a monster and finds himself in the body of a strong man. According to speculation, the strong man had reached the legendary peak before his death."Ye Xiu said that Ye often traveled around and went deep into some very dangerous areas to find out about the potential dangers surrounding the city of glory." The cave was too dangerous and Ye Moi dared not stay long. He got this booklet. After it came out"Ye Zong looked carefully at the book, but found everything in it. He couldn't read it completely."Although I know that this booklet is a treasure, I don’t know how to use it. I am naturally very depressed.“Ye Zong, I have heard that a young wizard appeared in the city of Glory recently. He could actually read some of the very old books, including the Holy Fire, and so on. Should we invite the young wizard? Take a look?” Ye Xiu suddenly thought of something, and said with some excitement.When Ye Xiu was heard, Ye Zong’s face suddenly became iron and blue: “Don't mention him!” Ye Xiu asked with some surprise: “Why?” Ye Zong was extremely annoyed and arranged for Nie to protect his genius. In the city's main government, but who thought that this is actually to lead the wolf into the room, Nie from the guy actually nabbing children, because of some scruples, he finally endure it, did not find Nie from afterwards, the result is now going to ask him? How can he pull his face down? Seeing Ye Zong's expression, Ye Xiu seems to understand something. The kid is afraid of what he has done to annoy Ye Zong. However, this matter is very important. Ye Xiu slightly bows himself: “The Lord of the City, this object is It is the danger of the Ye Moi adults braving nine deaths. It is definitely not a product. If we can solve the above mysteries, it will be very good for our entire glorious city. Please also ask the Lord of the Lord to lay down personal grudges for the time being!” Exasperated, but also helpless, after all, he is not the kind of people who do not understand, waved his hand and said: "You invite him, I will not come out of this matter!" "Yes, Lord of the Lord!" Ye Xiu point Nodded, he retiredAfter Ye Xiu came in and looked around, the conditions here were still good. Ye Zong did not harshly treat Nie Li.Looking down, I saw a handsome girl of six or seven years old sitting and practicing. There was a soul lingering around her.Seeing this scene, Ye Xiu's heart was slightly surprised. With his hot eyes, he saw this soul breath at a glance. It was definitely a bronze Samsung.This is just a six-year-old girl! Such geniuses, if they are known to outsiders, will absolutely shock the entire city of glory! Ye Xiu took a deep breath, but fortunately, such a genius stayed in the House of the Citylord. Otherwise, he was known by the Dark Society and he would desperately ignore it! As Ye Xiu prepares to continue to walk in, a slender boy comes out from the inside. This boy is Nie Li.Nie Li looked up at Ye Xiu. Although he felt the strong spirit of Ye Xiu's body, Nie was not nervous at all. He only looked at it, and he said, “The city government is second only to Ye Mo and Ye Zong’s adults. Number three, Ye XiuxianDon't know what happened to my seniors here? Hearing Nie Li's words, Ye Xiu stayed awkwardly. He did not expect Nie to recognize him at a glance. It is reasonable to say that he often travels with Ye Mo and rarely stays in glorious cities like Nie Li. Such a big child should not know him at all.Depressing the shock in his heart, Ye Xiu smiled a little: "Yes, it's me.”