“What? What's the problem?” Ye Yan asked● Ao Fengchao said: "When you look back at the ancestor of the great ancestors, the tactics I practiced were called Fenglei Yiulong. I was taught by a friend. Without the permission of the friend, I am afraid I cannot tell this ancestor. Adults!" Xiao Dinger was silent for a moment"I just look at this exercise method in the end how it is, and will not steal your Gongfu ... ..." Ye Yan flushed his face, let him pull down the face to ask Xiao Ninger's exercises, it is already very difficult One thing, he couldn't suppress his inner curiosity about the wind and thunderbolt, but he couldn't see it. His heart was like a few cats scratching."But...I cannot condense my lifeXiao Ninger stubbornly insisted that in her view, giving the wind and thunder to others, it was tantamount to betrayal of Nie, even if the other was the ancestor of the city of glory, she would not obey."Well, I'll exchange something with you. How can you show me the wind-winged pterosaur? I can teach you ten powerful exercises..." Ye Yan followed the good wayWhen Ye Yan communicates with Xiao Gelian, a voice suddenly rang.“Dinger, don’t believe this old liar, but how could it be compared with your wind-winged pterosaur?” Nie Lidao said."It's you, shizi, you dare to call me an old liar!" Ye Yan blew up, and there was a kind of shame that was poked at the sore spot."What's wrong, actually want to change the wind and thunderbolt with the bad skills. It's shameless. You call yourself the ancestor of the glorious city. As a person who has lived for hundreds of years, he actually deceived an innocent person. Girl, it's shameless!” Nie Li is even more reckless."You, you, you..." Ye Yan was almost mad, and Nie left with no mercy."Nie Li, how could you be here? How can you be in my head?" Xiao Ning asked with a puzzled voice. At the moment, she was in a state of intercession and cultivation. Nie Li's voice sounded like Her mind came outXiao Lian'er's remarks made Ye Yan also a slight glimpse. He died very early. He is currently in the form of a soul, so he can use the soul to communicate with Xiao, but how does Nie leave it? "This is a very simple ability for the soul to be isolated from the body."Nie laughs lightlyThe soul is isolated? Ye Yan had heard nothing before he was born, and Nie Li was actually a very simple technique. Ye Yan was almost crazy, and what was this child coming from! "Old fraud, what do you want?"When you heard that Nie Li called Ye Yan’s ancestor, Xiao Xinger also had a somewhat skeptical look.Ye Yan's soul was almost burst into flames and said: "The old man is dead, it will not care about your exercises, not to lie to your exercises."Since you don't care, why should you induce Lun to give up the wind and thunderbolt?" "Nie leaves no hint of Ye Yan's sentiment“You...” Ye Yan was furious. “I was just discouraged. I just wanted to see if this is what the wind-winged pterosaurs missed!” Missing? With your level, you can see that there is a ghost in the lack of wind and thunderbolt! "If we want to show you the wind and thunderbolt, it's not impossible..." Nie Li smiled slightly.Ye Yan eyebrows a pick, he obviously felt that Nie had a ghost, but still could not resist strong curiosity. Ye Yansheng was very obsessed with martial arts. He liked to study all kinds of exercises and saw a lot of power. When he discovered that Nie Li and Xiao Lian-er’s practices were two unprecedented exercises, they saw the joy of hunting and wanted to watch something.Originally he wanted to take Nie Li as a disciple to see how mystical power of Nie Li was in the end. As a result, Nie was too enchanted by this guy, and he smashed him badly.Originally thinking that since he couldn't look at the exercises of Nie Li, he went back and looked at Xiao Liao'er, and the result was also mercilessly dismantled by Nie Li.Ye Ye thought that there was no hope, but Nie Li’s words gave him a hint of hope"What do you want to do, let's go straight!" Ye Yan understands that Nie Li is too treacherous and not straightforward. He may be invaded by Nie Li.“Ye Yan’s ancestor was really one of the grandfathers of the City of Glory. It really was refreshing.Then I will be blunt, I want to destroy God sword! "Nie laughs lightly"Impossible!" Ye Yan loses the channelGod of Thunder sword? what is that? Xiao Ning'er showed a slight look of shame. She never heard of it.Nie Li has been counting Ye Yan’s ancestors since the appearance of Ye Yan’s ancestors. His purpose is precisely to smash the god Lei Jian on that day. The Scorpio god Lei Jian is a very powerful weapon, because it engulfed in battle. Numerous demon spirits become amazing"That's it..." Nie shrugged“Children, how do you know that the Scorpio god Lei Jian was enclosed in the heavenly celestial environment?” Ye Yan’s ancestors’ eyebrows were slightly picky, and they looked deep at Xie Li’s eyes."I naturally know that the family of Tian-trace has a long tradition, and even many things that Ye Yan did not know, I know!" Nie Li shrugged“You...smoochie, if you want to get the Scorpion God, the sword is not that simple. Even if I permit it, you can’t control the excalibur with your abilities. Sword backsliding!" Ye Yandao"That would not be the case. As long as the ancestor adults can take me to find the God of Thunder, I can surrender that excalibur!" Nie Li smiled proudly.“This is absolutely impossible. When we were five legendary geniuses, only the legendary spirit priest, Shengmu, could surrender that excalibur!” Ye Yan shook his head."Since the ancestors think so, how can we make a bet?" Nie took a look at the eyebrowsYe Yan looked deep at Nie Li. If it was replaced with others, Ye Yan could definitely make a decision. No one could surrender to the Excalibur, but Nie Li in front of him gave Ye Yan a strange feeling. , as if anything, everything seems to be a thing in Nie LiCan Nie Li be able to surrender the Scorpio God Lei Jian? Ye Yan could not help but have to produce a slight doubt, if Nie Li can surrender the God of Thunder and Scorpio, for the entire glorious city to come, is definitely a very significant event! At that time, the god of the earth, Lei Jian, shone in the hands of Sheng Mu and killed hundreds of millions of evil beasts. It was a terrible sword of bloodthirsty. Although Sheng Mu died because of the backsliding of the Scorpio god Lei Jian, The power of Scorpio God Lei Jian is beyond doubt"What kind of bet?" "If I can surrender Tianyi God Leijian, then Ye Yan will follow me after the first ancestor. If I can't surrender, then I will give the wind and thunderbolt skills to Ye Ye." The ancestors took a look, how?” Nie Li smiled slightly. The betting board had nothing to do with him. Even if it lost, the wind and throne was only a piece of power. Ye Yan was not able to take it. Practice"I actually let you follow you? Bastard, it's almost nothing!” Ye Yan’s fury“In this case, Ye Yan’s ancestors could also choose to give up the bet!” Nie shrugged.Xiao Ning's thoughts in his mind looked at Nie Li and looked at Ye Yan. Suddenly he smirked loudly. She could see clearly. Nie Lie and Ye Yan’s ancestors had so many words that they provoked Ye Yan. The ancestor, Ye Yan's ancestor was counted from the beginning! "Nie really is so bad!" Xiao Ninger seems to think of something, cheeks become a blushIf he is also calculated by Nie from the beginning, Xiao Lian-er is also willing to"Children, you miss me, it's not that easyWe can gamble, but your bet is going to change! "Ye Yeh's ancestors proudly said that although he knows that Nie Li is deliberately tempting him to be on the hook, he also wants to gamble on a look and see if Nie Li can surrender to the God of Thunder."What's the bet?” Nie took a slight look at the eyebrows"You have given me the taste of the wind-winged pterosaur, and I will take you to the place of the god of Thunder. If you can't surrender the Scorpion God, then you have to put your own practice. Let me see Look!” Ye Yan’s ancestor said that his curiosity about Nie’s practice is far greater than that of Xiao Lian’er.Nie Li looked at Shaw's child: "Would you like to give the ancestors of the Wings and Dragon Wings to Ye Yan's ancestor?" Xiao Ling'e immediately said: "This Wing of the Winged Dragon Wings is what you taught me. Ah, of course I have no opinion!” “Ye Yeh’s ancestor, we made a statement!” Nie Li smiled at the road, but it was only two exercises. Even if it had nothing to do with Ye Yan’s ancestors, he wouldn’t Help, Ye Yan's ancestor was always just a state of soulNie Li read the horns of the wind and thunderbolt and read it again. Ye Yan’s ancestors listened and listened. His brows were tight and his eyebrows were dizzy. He was immersed in it, until Nie Li finished reading the words of Feng Yilong. This was the slightest coolness"Sophistically good practice, if I practice from the beginning is such a powerful exercise, it may already have reached the legendary level, another unimaginable realm!" Ye Yan ancestors marveled authentic, this wind and thunder Powerful, far beyond his imagination, he originally thought that as a legendary demon psychic teacher, he could find some of the flaws in the wind-winged pterosaurs, but he did not expect the realm and level of the wind-winged pterosaurs. Far beyond his current level! It is simply a god! Is it based on that legend and there is a stronger existence? "Well, Ye Yan's ancestor, can you take us now?” Nie looked at Ye Yan who was still shocked and stunned and smiled.“Of course!” Ye Yan’s ancestors rushed over and came to the end. His eyes fell on Nie Li’s body and his look was complicated and difficult.