The whole city is in a terrible messHey, at this time, Nie left the original residence and suddenly appeared in several figures.It was just a couple of strong blacks who had merged the demon spirits."Did you find that kid?" "No, we can't find him!" "Damn! This kid doesn't know where to go. Will Ye Zong already arrange another residence for him?" Asks"I don't know, anyway, find him! Even if Ye Zong and others shot, it would take at least a few hours or even longer to get rid of the abyssal troll. After all, it consumed an empty rock to summon it out.This empty rock can never be wasted! Leading black fox sighed coldly. "We're going to look for it separately!" "Oh, one by one figure fluttering away in all directions, these seven individuals are all strong black gold, you can easily avoid the guards of the landlord's office, plus now the whole city is in a chaos, the main government. The strongmen in the group basically gathered south toward the south, and no one noticed them.Nie Li shuttled through the darkness and was only a few kilometers away from his original residence. He felt a few breaths far away, at least black gold.The dark guild's people really directed at him, actually made such a big movement, it really is willing to under the capital! Nie from the current strength, is not the opponent of the black gold level demon psychic, only to lead them to the next Taiyi to kill the array, in order to kill one or two black gold powerhouse, but, what to do next? Once he was discovered by those black gold spirits, he couldn't even run that far, and he would be killed.A few hundred meters away from Nie, a battle broke outA black gold level demon fighter and three black gold level warriors in the city’s main government found an intruder and immediately launched an attack in an attempt to kill it.The black genius genius did not show weakness, urging the corpse of the ice wind, the demon spirit, and handling the ice, rushing toward one of the black gold warriors.Hey, countless roads of ice are like the sky, arrows, and rain, and they go toward the black gold level warriors."Bold and dauntless, we dared to come to our city overlords! Now you don't want to go out!" The black gold level demon lord shouted coldly, suddenly the body soared, turned into a bloody crocodile beast, covered with terrible spikes. Thorn, that sharp fangs is scaryThe huge body moved forward, and the ice fell on the blood crocodile, suddenly blasted and turned into dust."Is actually a blood crocodile!" The black man who changed into an ice-wind corpse was shocked. The city-owner's house was indeed a Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and it was actually a blood crocodile demon spirit.The bloody crocodile's giant tail slammed toward the ice-wind corpse, and the whistling giant tail rubbed against the air, emitting a brilliance of electro-optic light, and the terrible soul breath swept out and suffocated.A terrible strength! The other party is at least a black gold Samsung level presenceThe harder the black gold level is, the harder it is to practice. The average person can practice to the level of one star and two stars. He is already very strong. He is very rare in the Samsung level. The more difficult he is, the more difficult it is to reach the black gold star. It is absolutely rare.The guy who combined the ice wind carcass, also the black gold one star levelFeeling that horrible power whistled, it wasn't at all that he could resist. He saw a sudden and strange change in the body of the ice-wrecked insect. It broke into two parts and fled toward both sides.The bloody crocodile's giant tail bombarded the central ground and heard only a loud noise. The ground was hard to get out of a giant hole a few meters away."Ice Skeleton? Just rely on this means, but also want to play with me?" The demon psychic teacher who only listened to the integrated blood crocodile angered and uttered a loud cry, and swiped the giant palm towards one of the ice-blooded corpses. Among them, the burning flamesBlood flames rolling with blazing heat waves, dauntingSeeing that the giant palm of the blood crocodile is about to fall on the body of the ice-wind corpse, but at this moment, a dark shadow flashes over it, and the sharp cold light cuts through the night sky."Become an honest man, be careful!" Next to a black gold warrior, he first felt a crisis, and he cried coldly, rushing toward the dark shadow."A martial arts star who dares to block me?" The dark shadow slammed coldly, a sharp cry, and crossed the neck of that black gold warrior."Damn!" The demon psychic who integrated the blood crocodile saw his comrades killed, angrily grieved, hurried back, and waved a hand toward that dark shadow.The two sides played against each other and burst into strength.The demon psychic who integrated the blood crocodile slammed back a few steps and the blood and blood rushed. The dark shadow on the opposite side was a few tumbling, and the bangs turned into a black light.A faint sound came from afar: "Gongliangshu, really deserved reputation, the next time there is a chance to fight again, this will not be accompanied!" Gongliang Shuping revived the surging blood, watching the disappearing shadow in the distance, eyes A flash of excitement flashed in the skull, just under the shadow of strength is not under their own! Was harassed by the man in black, and the former demon psychic, who had mixed the ice corpse, was gone."Black fox spirit, I do not know which number is the character!" Gongliang Shu body is the worship of the main city. His strength ranks in the top ten in the entire city, but it is never met. There is a fusion of the black fox spirit. MasterAfter looking at the comrades who fell in the pool of blood, Gongliang Shuliang was full of bloodshot eyes and she replied, "Wherever you go, I will never die with you!" The disappearance of the direction of the disappearance of individualsIf it weren’t for the city’s main government that sent a large number of black gold spirits to the mission outside the city of glory, the city’s main government was empty. Seeing this scene, Nie Chengzhong could not help but heavier, another black gold-class martial artist died in the hands of the Dark Guild. However, with his current strength, he could not trace those guys.This kind of thing happened too much and too much. In the past, the monsters attacked the city, but Nie Li witnessed the death of countless powerful players in the city of glory.Because of their own reasons, some changes have taken place in the trajectory of history. The dark guild’s people even launched an attack on the city’s main government at any cost.At this moment, Nie Li suddenly felt a breath of grief approaching himself, and his heart was slightly embarrassed. Someone found himself."Hey, little doll, I finally found you!" a dark shadow slams and appears on the side of the big tree. It's a black man with a cat lickHis movements are light, and the voices he speaks are indispensable, making it difficult to perceive his existence.After all, this is the city's main government, even if it is the black gold level demon psychic, also have to be careful CaixingJust as he was preparing to start Nie away, he saw that Nie suddenly yelled loudly: “Ye Zong, are you here? They ran over there!” and then slammed into a dark shadow. RunawayThe person in black with a cat's fleas had a slight distraction, Ye Zong? where is it? Although he is already a black and gold two-star demon psychic teacher, but met Ye Zong is definitely there is no return, to know that Ye Zong is the most pinnacle of the existence of the legendary, black gold five stars, only one step will be able to enter the legendary ranksHe looked around in wonder, but where is the shadow of Ye Zong? "Hateful, deceived!" He could not help cursing, he did not expect, he was so close to Nie Yi mysteriously, that Nie will not find out where he is, but did not think this kid's perception So sensitive and so bluffing, using Ye Zong to lie to himIt was just such a moment of blasphemy that Nie was already running far away."I want to run away from Grandpa's men, but the door is not!" He slammed and rushed in the direction of Nie's departure.In addition to the hidden talent, the speed of the demon spirit is also very amazing, although it is more than the black gold level demon spirit teacher, but the guy behind him want to catch him, not so easyNie Li all the way toward the direction of Taiyi killing mad, only to promote Taiyi to kill the array, he can kill the black gold level strong! During the swept flight, Nie Li looked at the south side of the main shrine. The abyssed troll who wielded the Great Fire Sword raged at him and gradually approached the mine."Dark Guild really willing to pay the cost, actually summoned the abyss trolls, I am afraid even if the use of God mines to kill the array, can only be trapped at the most, you want to kill the abyss trolls, but also use some extraordinary means Caixing !” Nie Li’s thoughts passed through the mind innumerable moments. Although there were some thoughts, it was still difficult to put things into action. After all, he was still chasing a black gold spiritThe summoning soul power required to summon the abyssal troll is quite scary enough to allow the six black gold spirits to exhaust their soul power. Unless they use some particularly powerful objects as a medium, it seems that the Dark Society has tried to arrest him. Really paid a huge priceHis own talent is not enough to make the Dark Society attach so much importance. After all, even if he is talented, he will not be able to pose any threat to the Dark Society in the past one or two years. The Dark Society can slowly plan and do not have to take such a big risk. Offensive CityUnless the Dark Society has already known, the Alchemists Association's formulas for refining the medicine are provided by themselves! After all, the paper can't hold the fire. Such a big thing, the dark guild can't possibly not investigate.Even from some clues, it can be speculatedAs a result, everything can be explained"Although I only have silver and five stars now, but since you want to play, then we can see who can play it!" Nie decisively conceived that although his strength was not at all an opponent of the Dark Guild, With the help of Nie Li's life-saving method, the Dark Guild wants to get rid of him. It is not such a simple matter! Read3();read4();