Although there is some hidden bitterness and mourning in her heart, she is not so easy to give up. Even if Nie is not the person she likes, she will always be quietly watching Nie's side until one day, Nie Zi notices her. Xiao Ning did not think of children, Nie Qi did not know what method to use, lived in Ye Ziyan's other yardIs Ye Zizhi's father, the city Lord adults will not stop Nie from it? Xiao Ninger also wondered whyXiao Nian Er felt a touch of hidden bitterness in his eyes. Nie Li touched his head. He naturally knew that Xiao Ning'er had a heart for him. He was the most difficult to endure beauty grace. After all, he and Ye Zixuan had a love for two generations. That kind of life and death, Xiao Lian’er is incomprehensible for the time being."Hey, did you come to me for something?" Nie laughed.“I just made some osmanthus cakes and I wanted to bring them to you."Xiao Tinger stood quietly, seemingly movingUsually in front of outsiders, Xiao Lian Er is always a cold-blooded person, and he refuses to be seen thousands of miles away. Only when facing Nie Li will he be able to show his tenderness.For any boy, seeing Xiao Lian’er looks like this, I’m afraid it’s hard to stay in touch.Nie Li noticed Xiao Lin's small basket.At this time, I saw Ye Zixie appearing on the side of the road, seeing Nie Lizhao himself seeing it, Ye Ziyan grinned and turned to go.The atmosphere suddenly frozeNie Li feels a terrible headache. The two girls get together and do not know what will happen. This situation he has not encountered before, I do not know how to deal with it."Let's go in and chatNie stepped forward and suddenly felt a burning pain in his buttocks."Nie Li, what happened to you?" Xiao Ning'er noticed the strangeness of Nie Li and immediately came to support Nie Li."I was just beaten up and my ass blossomed."I think of Ye Zong's rogue, Nie Chengli's endless, Ye Zong this hypocrite, unscrupulous villain! Play but shamelessly! Ye Ziyan also felt the strangeness of Nie Li, originally wanted to care about Nie Li, but see Xiao Ning'er had already held Nie away and immediately passed away his face and whispered, Nie was away from this big radish. She did not care for Nie Li. "Who beat you? " Xiao Geling heard the ass blossom, and Qiaolian was slightly red and asked"It's not Ye Zong's guy. In this city main house, no one but him dares to beat me!" Nie divorced and air-conditioned, Ye Zong this guy is really tough, ass is still hot now, this guy With the strength of the black gold spirit demon priest, and Nie’s current cultivation, it is still impossible to resolve"The City Lord adults he ... he hit you ass?" Xiao Ninger has been completely confused in the head, she would like to understand, why should the landlord beat Nie from? And even if you fight, you shouldn’t beat Nie’s ass! Xiao Lier cannot imagine such a pictureHearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zixuan suddenly looked at Nie Li’s nervously. “My father beat you again? Didn't you?” Ye Zixuan remembered the last time, and his father nearly killed Nie Li under fury. What time is it for? Is it because his father is an older man or is he not ready to let Nie away? "Nie Li, you still hurry to go, my father, he certainly will not let you!" Ye Zixi said anxiously, she was really worried, his father and he will do what NieNie shook his head and shook his head: "You are relieved. Your father really wants to kill me. You can't just hit my butt. He still asks me.This time he played but I'm just playing rogue, did not think your father he was so shameless, I miscalculated, too underestimated this old rogue! “After hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zixuan’s expression was weird. She completely did not know what happened between Nie Li’s and his father.“Nie Li, I do not allow you to say that my father is shameless!” Ye Zixi immediately defended Ye Zong. In her mind, Ye Zong has always been a person who abides by Xinnuo and says no one. He has to die for the safety of the City of Glory. Although some harsh, but the conduct is completely no problem"Okay I'm sorry“Nie quickly apologized. Ye Zong Ye Ziye’s father, Ye Zixuan, of course, did not allow Nie to leave Ye Zong as a daughter. However, although she said so, Nie Li greeted Ye Zong several times in his heart.“Nie Li, how do you hurt?” Xiao Lianer, who was next to her, though she didn’t know what had happened, she only knew that Nie was injured and she was attacked by Ye Zong.Ye Zong is a black gold level demon psychic teacher. How heavy is this injury? Did Nie Li have been ill-treated after coming to the main government office? At the thought of this, Xiao Lier’s eyes were already in tears."Dinger, I'm fine, it's a bit difficult to walk.Nie smiled a bit"Nie Li, is there any immortality, can he treat the injury?" Ye Zixuan asked softly, Nie Li was beaten by his father, and Ye Zixuan was still very awkward in his heart."Imperial medicine does not, there are some ointment to cure the injury, who will help me to wipe it?” Nie Li aimed at the target Ye Zixuan, Xiao XiaodaoAs soon as she thinks of Nie's position in the injured position, the two little girls will suddenly be red when they are jealous. Nie is hurt but ass! They are so big. Have they ever done such a thing? Do you really want to help Nie from wiping ointment? "My father's debt, I can only be wrongedNie said with a sigh"Nie Li, I can help you wipe itXiao Ning Er seems to have made a difficult decision. At the beginning of his own practice, she was able to get up so fast thanks to Nie Li. She was repaired so quickly that she was injured. She is of course injured. Inescapable"This is not so good"Nie is a little bit embarrassed. Although Ding Er is very close to himself, but not to that extent.""I still come, after all, Nie was injured and my father played.After Ye Zixie thought about it, he solemnly saidNie Li looked at Xiao Ning'er and looked at Ye Zixuan again. He thought that no one would promise it. Didn’t expect the two little girls to actually grab it, it’s really happy trouble."We'll still take a look at Nie's injury.Xiao Ning Er knows that Nie Li likes Ye Zixuan. She only wants to use her own methods to slowly change Nie's mind, instead of competing with Ye Zixi.Nie Li was leaned on the left and right by Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ninger, and entered the room in the attic.In fact, despite the fact that Ye Zong was violently beaten, although the buttocks hurt hotly, he did not suffer from internal injuries. It was clear that Ye Zong still stayed with his hands.As a cultivator, this painful endurance passed, and I did not expect two young girls to really help him wipe ointment.Nie Yu's big eyes flickered and looked at Ye Zixuan. She looked at Xiao Lian'er again."Light rain, you stay outside""OhNie Yu slammed out loudly, rushed out and closed the door.After a moment, weird voices came from inside the room."Ah ~ tap"This voice is sometimes high-pitched, sometimes with a hint of comfort. If there are outsiders who hear it, I don't know what kind of association it will produce."In the room, the two girls had red cheeks that resembled apples. After both slender fingers rubbed the ointment, they wiped gently on Nie's buttocks, allowing the cream to be evenly absorbed.If a person is here to help Nie to do this kind of thing, it will certainly be very embarrassing, because there is mutual existence, this feels a little betterThe two young girls looked at each other and couldn’t tell what kind of emotion was in the heart.Ye Ziyan's heart is very complicated. As time goes on, Nie Li’s time is longer here. She seems to gradually become accustomed to the existence of Nie Li. At least when Nie left, she will not feel so lonely. Although she knows that Nie Li likes herself, her feelings for Nie Li have not risen to the level she likes, but she has had much to do with Nie Li.At the same time, she also knows that Xiao Ning'er likes Nie Li. She doesn't want to be the one who loves to be loved.The three people have not spoken and the atmosphere is slightly blurred"I remember when you two were playmates as a child? Zi Tong kept the baby you gave her."Nie left the bed, pretending to be casual.""How do you know?" Ye Zixi asked in surprise, she really missed the time of her childhood, but later, Xiao Lier suddenly never visited the main city.She still remembers those words Xiao Lier told her: We are people of two worlds. You are like a princess who lives in a castle, and I am an ordinary girl. There will always be a gap between us. GapYe Zixuan has always cherished the baby bear that Xiao Ninger gave her. It was a precious memory of her childhood, because in the heart of Ye Zixuan, Xiao Ting'er was her only friend.Later, Ye Zixuan asked to go to the primary class of the military, but also because of Xiao Lier.Hearing the conversation between Nie Li and Ye Zixuan, Xiao Ning'er shoulders slightly shivered. She just lowered her head, slightly lost her eyes, and remained silent."Oh, yeah, it hurts."Nie left a grunt and said"Nie Li, I'm sorry"Xiao Ting'er has come back to God and quickly apologizes"Nothing, haha.Nie Li smiled. He seemed to understand it.Two beautiful girls wipe their ointments next to themselves, really happy to enjoyAfter a few moments, the ointment was applied. Nie left this to put on his trousers and remembered Ye Zong who was rogue, and he hated teeth. It was a pity that he was only the body of a teenage child, and the other person was the father of Ye Zixuan. , I can’t get him anymoreUnless he agrees not to obstruct himself and Ye Zixuan, otherwise, this arrow’s revenge must be reported.In the next few days, I did not know what the reason was. I was worried about Nie Li. From time to time, Xiao Ning gave Nie Yi a variety of meals, and together with Nie Li and Ye Zichao, they practiced in other hospitals.