Too deceitful, I am also a landlord! Ye Zong finally couldn't hold himself back. After a violent bang, his body plunged into several counts. He suddenly broke through the shackles of the snakes and bombed him with a punch. He knocked the bear out of tens of meters away.Nie Lili commanded other demon spirits to pounce on Ye Zong. Although Ye Zong cast a certain amount of secret power, it was still very difficult to kill so many demon spirits.Unless Ye Zong can break through to the realm of legend, he doesn’t want to breakYe Xiu walked to Nie Li's side and said, with some embarrassment, "If Nie Li left, it would be better if we didn't do this thing. If we continue to fight like this, the Lord of the City will not face it. It's better to take a step back.""I don't know how to do this. I just had a bet with him. If he broke Taib's squadron, then I can't see Ziyin later, unless he bows down!" "Nie left a grinHow are these two guys more stubborn than one? One is to face face to face sin, and the other is to let go of stalking, the two do not let go, and the two are met together, and later they can really suffer.When Ye Xiu was depressed and wanted to continue to persuade Nie to leave, he suddenly heard Nie departed from the faint voice and said, "You advise it is useless, and the son-in-law and the wife-in-law are always homesick."Hey, m..c ← om Hearing Nie Li, Ye Xiu, and he almost fell. What does this mean?Did Ye Zong promise to marry Ye Ziyan to you? Even if Ye Zong agreed, Zi Zi did not agree! This is simply that people do not want to face, the world is invincible.Ye Zong exerted all his strength. The black scale dragons were extremely violent and the ground around them was hit by a giant hole. However, even if they were, they still could not do those black gold spirits, let alone destroy the Taiyi.Ye Zong's own strength has already reached the ultimate level of the black gold level demon psychic division, only one step away from the legendary level, and Nie Li does not display a true killing, if he changes into a common enemy black gold spirit demon Even if there are five or six, I am afraid it will have been destroyed and it will be dissolved in a pool of mud by the venom.A full two hours later, Ye Zong gradually fought to the limitAt this time, Ye Zong truly understood the strength of Taiyi’s killings and understood that Nie left his hands in secret. If it were to be a life-and-death duel, he might have been killed.But if he let him lose, he would not be willing to do anything. Once he loses, he cannot intervene between Nie and his nephew.Even if he can make the nephew away from Nie, but can prevent Nie from playing hooligans? Even he himself continued to plant and fight with Nie here, not to mention the unfamiliar nephew! The inadvertent nephew was kidnapped by Nie away this day. As a result, Ye Zong thought that he was depressed. Ah, obviously knowing that Nie was mistrustful of his daughter, he couldn't deal with Nie Li! Ye Zong was flung out of a boxing bear, lying on the ground and gasping heavily. After Jin Jin’s black gold genius, Ye Zong was never defeated.His body gradually shrinks, and the characteristics of the body of the dinosaur gradually slowly healed, changing back to the ordinary person's appearance.He really lost"How is it, Lord of the City, you lost?"Nie looked at Ye Zong from behind with his hands on his hips.Why, even if it is the city of the glorious city! Want to play with me, it's too tender! Looking at Nie's proud expression, Ye Zongna called a gas. This boy was even better at the beginning. He let himself jump into the pit, and after winning, it was like a virtue. It was simply ominous! I saw this time, Ye Zong suddenly suddenly picked up, grabbed the Nie Li's leg, suddenly slammed, suddenly let Nie left hanging upside down"Bad boy, hit my daughter's idea, also pit me with a trap, I really can not rule you?" Ye Zong extremely annoyed, today is the day he had the most Wohuo! "Your mother, you are the landlord, you can't speak. It's too shameless!" Although Nie Li is a silver five-star, the opposite is a black-and-gold psychic teacher, even if the other person has just experienced a war, but The remaining strength is enough to suppress himNie Li can't fight spells with the other side. "Also dare to get married, I'm shameless, I really discovered, not shameless really can not cure you!" Ye Zong suddenly slapped in the Nie off the buttocks, a bang sound"Rely on, can not kill but can not kill you, why do you hit my butt?" "What? Just because I am Ye Zixie hey, your mother, see you dare not dare to hit the idea of ​​children, see how I pack up You!” Ye Zong burst into a foul mouth and slammed his hand and slammed it out, slamming on Nie’s ass."I go, do you know who you are playing? I am angry and the consequences are serious!" Nie Li tried to break away from Ye Zong's bondage, but Ye Zong's hand was like a hoop, and he was tied to Nie. On the shin"Is still very angry, and the consequences are serious? I'm angry with your mother, I'm angry! Do you still care about you?" Ye Zong is a palm fan on Nie Li's buttocks, which is called a crisp and loud"However, playing is ridiculous, old and not repairing!" "How old do not repair?" Ye Zong's ass facing Nie Li is a fierce, Nie Lie directly calledSeeing this scene, Ye Xie was dumbfounded. What this is all about, ah, Ye Zong is not the same as usual. Ye Zongxiu’s anger in the ordinary is not colored. Now, without the dignity and momentum of the landlords, Scattered posture is like a father's father.Looking at Nie Zi’s lively, clear voice, Ye Xiu also knew that Ye Zong had no heavy hands, so he could rest assured that"Boy, are you dissatisfied with the service?" Ye Zongmei picked the pick and blew it twice."You guys are rogue, I don't want to!" "If you don't obey, then you'll be jealous, and when you're serving, see if you dare to beat my daughter's idea!" "You're not a word, but you're still a lord, is a The old rogue!" "I'm the old rogue how?" Ye Zong's call was a comfortable one, and was just swept away by Nie from playing guilty, this kid is not ok! The sky is getting dark, and the day passed quicklyNie Lie limped back to Ye Zixuan's other courtyard. In his heart, he called it a depressed one. He clearly thought that Ye Zong had calculated himself to be dead, so that Xiong Xiong took a look at Ye Zong and reported the last time. After an arrow of enemies, he also won a bet. As a result, when Ye Zong met this old rogue, he was beaten."This city-owner is too pitted! I'll go!" Nie Li grunted and slammed his ass quickly, and the meal was crippled. "I'll get back sooner or later."hiss"Another part of the landlord's officeYe Xiu is strangely behind Ye Zong"The City Lord adults, this too B to kill the array ..." Ye modified to discuss the issue of Taiyi killing array"Ha ha ha ... ..." Ye Zong suddenly could not hold back, and laughed wildly, shaking around the walls are shivering, the thought of Nie Yi just limp when leaving the state, his heart is called a cool ah! "Yeah..." Ye Xiu looked at the sudden loss of Ye Zong, which seemed a bit unsuited. Ye Zong had always been very calm, but today I don't know what happened."Excuse me, Ye Xiu, you continue to say"Ye Zongzhuo laughed **, and quickly put on karate"This Taiyi kills the array..." Ye modified to continue talking, suddenly being interrupted by a burst of laughter."Ha ha ha ... laughable me, this kid actually played with me horizontally, see I do not scold him!" Ye Zong mad more than laugh, clutching his stomach, flushed cheeksYe Xiu looked so stunned at Ye Zong, who was totally stunned. He didn't know what to say, and he forgot to say the topic: “The Lord of the City is still waiting for you to finish laughing. Let's talk about it again."" Hahaha ... ... This is the city of the main government, my site, I even shamelessly, how can he get me? "Ye Zong's mad laughter echoed throughout the whole city.The guards who guarded and patrolled the city’s main government heard Ye Zong’s laughter and looked at each other.What happened to the landlord today? They have never seen a citylord like he is in a state of disrepair. Is it happy to be happy? Over the years, they have not even seen Ye Zong's smile at all. Ye Zong was extremely cold to everyone, and he exudes majestic momentum from under him, making every one of them very nervous when they see Ye Zong.Today’s complacent laughter is too weirdYe Xiushi had some understanding of why Ye Zong would do this. Over the past few years, for the sake of the safety of the glorious city, Ye Zong has sacrificed too much, and he has never been so arrogant. Even the closest daughters are Rarely seenYe Zong in his youth was not like this nowUntil he was repeatedly provoked by Nie, he released his own nature.Perhaps this state of affairs is actually good for Ye Zong. Ye Xiu secretly thinksYe Ziyan's other yardNie Li limped into another courtyard, and saw a tender and beautiful figure, Yan Yanlin, who was running away from Nie Yifei. It was Nie Li’s sister’s rain."Nie left his brother, where have you been? We couldn't find you for a long time!" Nie Yu blinked, and the two sister-in-law were extraordinarily cute.Nie Li touched Nie Yu’s way: “I went out and walked"" Nie LiA crisp voice rang from the sideNie Li looked back and saw Xiao Ning'er standing on the side of Qiao Shengsheng. At the moment, she wore a self-cultivation exercise suit. Her body was outlined with exquisiteness, and her body was covered with a capable and charming woman. Temperament"Dinger, how did you come?Nie laughed and smiledXiao Ninger took a grunt and said, "I went to the other house where you lived. I didn't find you. I was worried about what you had encountered. I came to Ye Zixuan. Later I learned that it was You moved here“Xiao Tinger’s heart is still a little wronged. I don’t know when Nie Li’s figure has been lingering in her heart. Every night, she always thinks of the place where Nie Li’s trials took place. The things that are shy, but there is so little nostalgiaHow much she wished her illness was not so fast, so that she could continue to allow Nie to treat her. However, when she thinks of all this, there is always a trace of turmoil in her heart. Because Nie left her favorite person, Ye Zixuan.u