Nie Li started to explain some matters of the demonic demon spirit array. After receiving Nie Li's instructions, Ye Xiu began to prepare various materials. The whole city’s principal residences began to get busy.In some places, courtyards have been torn down, bricks have been laid in some places, and some places have been given an etched pattern.In addition to a few people such as Ye Zong and Ye Xiu, others are completely unaware of what the main government office is doing.The sky is getting lateNie Li strolled through the gardens of other courtyards. Looking far away, I saw the mercury in the moonlight, a girl in a white silk dress, like a fairy in the moonlight.She stood silently, her body covered in white mist, and in the white mist, a humanoid spirit appeared vaguely.The demon wears a white yarn, noble and elegant, wearing a crown, like a queenThat is Ye Zixuan's blizzard queen demon spirit! As the Snow Queen who has swallowed countless demon spirits and attained God-level growth, her strength is terrible. All other houses are shrouded in a stagnant coldness.This coldness seems to be mild, but once Ye Zixie hits the enemy, these cold spells will turn into sly skates.Seeing this scene, Nie Li smiled a bit, and Ye Zixuan merged better and better with the demon and demon spirits of the Snow and Snow. From the cold air, Nie Li can feel it. Ye Zixuan has mastered at least two kinds of combat skills. In addition to her own cultivation, even if it is the golden spirit of Samsung, I am afraid it is not her opponent.Nie Li walks toward Ye Zixuan and feels the change of the soul power of Ye Zixuan.In the corner of another small building in another courtyard, a figure is standing still and the moonlight shines on his face. This man is Ye Zizhi’s father, Ye Zong.Ye Zong at this time, the ups and downs, it is difficult to calm for a long timeThe last time he felt that Ye Zixuan's repair was greatly improved, and he still did not know where to get a queen of snow and the demon spirit. However, he did not expect that Ye Zixuan's cultivation would make such rapid progress.Ye Zixuan had always disappointed him. He did not inherit their strong cultivation talents and enjoyed so much cultivation resources in the landlord's office. But even the threshold of the bronze star had not passed.Although much better than some of my peers, it is not enough to be the daughter of the city owner.But now, the progress of Ye Zixuan's cultivation is too amazing. From the soul power, he can feel it. Ye Zixuan's repair is at least a silver five-star level. Together with Ye Zixuan's Snow Queen, it seems to be more common than the regular Snow Queen. The demon spirit is also several times more powerful. If you really fight it, you are afraid that even a star of gold is not the enemy of Ye Zixuan! Ye Zong is very puzzled. Although he is usually very busy, his father and daughter often do not meet each other for a few months. However, he is still very concerned about Ye Zixuan. Ye Zixuan's progress will be sent to him by the care of Ye Ziying’s Xue Ye. In time, Ye Zixuan has not crossed the threshold of the bronze one star. How long has this time reached the silver five-star status? This is simply challenging his cognitive limit! This talent, even he is ashamed, he began practicing from the bronze star to silver five stars, but spent years! What made him even more frightened was that the Queen of Snow and Snow was very powerful and very cherished among the many demon spirits. The entire city of glory was only a few dozen, and Ye Zixuan's Snow Queen was extremely special. The probability of this particularly powerful demon spirit can be said to have nothingWhile Ye Zong was shocked, he was pleased with Ye Zixi.No one knows the situation of the glorious city more clearly than him. Every time there is a danger of breaking the city. Whenever he thinks about the situation of the city of glory, Ye Zong can't sleep at night, and he does his best for the glorious city just to make his own. Family, making people in the City of Glory saferAlthough Ye Zixuan is a woman of the landlord, there are many people who protect it, but his own strength is stronger and will be more secure.Ye Zixiu was so happy to ascend, and he was still very happy. He recalled Ye Zixuan's mother, his wrinkled eyes, and a few flashes of tears.After Nie Li's last thing, the awkwardness between the father and the daughter has not been solved. He has not spoken for a long time. He is ready to go over and take the initiative to talk to Ye Zixuan and want to know what his daughter is doing.Just as he was about to go out, another figure came into view. It was Nie Li walking along the way.Ye Zong’s face was gloomy and cold in his nose.The last time Nie Li barely stayed in Ye Zixi’s room with bare body, it was simply an unforgivable thing. If it weren’t for the person behind Nie’s departure, Ye Zong could not wait to slap Nie on the wall and the result was not there. In a few days, because of the fact that the magic demon spirit array is being deted by Nie LiIn order to make the City of Glory alive, Ye Zong had to withdraw and let Nie live in here. However, he would rest assured that he would naturally stay in another courtyard.He could not wait to play Nie Li far away, although irritated, but can only endure, after all, but also let Nie away from the arrangement of magic demon spirit array it! "I'm going to look at what your kid wants to do. If you dare to do anything about the purple cockroach, even if you don't want to have a magic demon spirit array, I will also clean up!" Ye Zong thought wickedly.Ye Zixuan did not seem to perceive Ye Zong's place at all. After all, Ye Zong was a black gold level demon psychic teacher. He was very hard to detect when he deliberately concealed his breath.Feeling someone approached, Ye Ziyan's eyelashes moved slightly and opened his eyes."It's you..." Ye Zixuan saw Nie Li, but he didn't know why. He felt a panic in his heart. A flash of blush appeared on his cheeks. The look of shame was even more impressive."good evening"Nie Liya laughed and squeezed Ye Ziyan's eyes.""How did you come..." Ye Zixuan bowed his head to avoid the eyes of Nie Li, and he stepped back unconsciously. Nie Li's closeness made her feel very nervous.After all, in the evening, the man and the widow stay in a separate courtyard.Ye Zixi doesn't even dare to stay in his loft. What if Nie Yi slips in? Instead, practicing in the yard allowed her to feel at ease.Nie Li stood at a distance of about three meters from Ye Zixuan. He keenly felt the breath in the corner of the other yard. His mouth could not help but smile. Ye Zong's hidden breath was able to win Ye Zichao, but he couldn't beat him! “After dinner, come out and take a walk, just see you practicing here, so come over."Nie Li said with a smileYe Zixuan looked up at Nie Li and lowered his head. He sighed with a little sadness and said: "Nie Li, I don't know what method you used to persuade Uncle Ye Xi to bring you here, but anyway, we'll still Don't meet again"" What's the matter... You don't want to see me? “Nie looked away from his sad face.” It was like this family of your family who was unwilling to be with our civilians’ most friends.""No..." Seeing Nie Li's expression, Ye Zixuan hurriedly waved her hand and explained that she was kind-hearted. She certainly did not want Nie to be sad. "Nie Li, although you're a little weird, a bit too... direct, but I know you are a very good person, whether it is to me or to your other friends, otherwise it will not help meAlthough you often disturb me, I don't think you hate it at all. On the contrary, I hope you bother me.Because in this huge city house, I often feel deep loneliness. I can only speak to me if I can talk to me.Once I had a good friend, that was Dinger, but then she never came here again.In addition to her, you are my second best friend"But you understand that my father will never allow me to be with you.""Ye Zi said wildlyNie Li's eyes glanced at a corner in the distance, and he sighed coldly: “I have to say that Ye Zong is not a competent father and he has kept you alone in this other courtyard and lived isolated lives. Not even a talking friendHe doesn't deserve to be a father at all! "After hearing Nie Li's words, Ye Zong standing in the shadows was surprisingly free from fury, but his eyes were deeply sad and painful."Nie Li, I do not allow you to say my father, he is also an obligeHe is the owner of the City of Radiance. Every decision he makes is related to the safety of the entire city of glory. He is busy every day and every day, so he will not attend to me.I must work hard to become a powerful demon teacher to help my father shareNo matter how hard I worked hard, my cultivation was very slow, and thanks to you...” Ye Zixi looked gratefully at Nie Li and Nie Li’s kindness to her. She would do everything to reward her.I feel that Ye Zixuan will soon have to say something that should not be said. Nie Shiwan waved his hand and said: "I don't say these things.Ye Zong is your father, of course you speak for himBefore he hurt me, I haven't looked for him yet! Look at your face, I do not care about him“Ye Zongzheng was so choked by Ye Zixuan’s words. When he heard Nie Li’s words, he suddenly dazed his breath. Who was going to find out afterwards? Your kid’s naked body got into my niece's room. After looking at me, Ye Zong considered the shamelessness of Nie Li. Nie Liao smiled and said, "The next time I want to live here, you don't have to worry about your father. He will tell me how he is. He I also asked him to help arrange the magic demon array.In order to arrange the demons, he has sold you to me."" million magic demon spiritual array, what is the magic demon spiritual array? "Ye Ziyun's bright eyes"The magic demon spirit array is made up of ten thousand black gold spirits and various jewels. Once the arrangement is completed, as long as you launch the magic demon array, there are more than a dozen legendary demon spirits. I didn’t want to come inNie Li said"It turned out like this"Ye Ziyun said, "No wonder my father will agree..." "You see what your father really looks like now, and for the sake of glory, he is willing to give up everything."Of course, Nie Li did not forget to stimulate Ye Zi, who was hiding in the dark, at this time.Hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zong suddenly appeared anxious. Of course, he wouldn’t sell his daughter because of a million magic demon spirit. He was about to come out and explain with Ye Zixuan, but he met Ye Zixuan’s face. Looking up at Nie Li, he solemnly said, “If Nie Lie is really able to arrange a million demon spirits, for the City of Glory it’s meritorious. Even my father, he... I don’t have any. ComplaintsDon’t say live in my other house, even if... let me be your girlfriend, I’ll agree"Ye Ziyan's cheeks are slightly red, but she looks firm.Nie Li looked at Ye Zixuan. In her heart, she was gentle, and indeed her father had to have a woman. In order to sacrifice herself for the glorious city, he immediately smiled and said, "This is what you said, but you can't regret it!"