Hearing Ye Zixi's muttering, Nie can't help but laugh"Purple, we met again."Nie Li waved her face to Ye Ziyan's face and smiled."Ye Zixuan looked up, and his eyes were still confused and fell on Nie Li's body. He slept for a moment and suddenly jumped like a grasshopper."How did you come?" Ye Ziyan's eyes flashed in a panic"How could I not come?" Nie said with a smile. "I decided to stay here with the light rain!" Nie looked around and looked at a small building next to Ye Zixuan's residence. "From now on, Let's live here"Ze Ziyun quickly pushed Nie Li's arm and tried to push Nie away. He said in a hurry:" Nie Li, don't you want to live? My father will kill you! You hurry to go. If you were caught by my father, you are dead! "Ye Ziyun's heart should still be concerned about himself, Nie Centrifuge can not help but touched a bit, but then he put on a hippie smile, strangely looked at Ye Zixuan asked:" Do not your father did not tell you? ""Say what? "Ye Zi asked when askedNie left his forehead, pretending to suddenly realize: "You didn't know it!" "What do you know?""Your father, he already agreed"" What did you agree with? "Ye Ziyi is more curious"He said that he is going to marry you, ah, and will be married tomorrow.Although Nie Li steals music from his heart, he still said seriously.“Yeah?” Ye Ziyan’s eyes widened, and the bright eyes were filled with incredible words. “How could this be?” “How could it not be? I was caught by your father that day and you came back and your father I took it to the interrogation, and I said that I had cooked raw rice with you, and although your father was annoyed, but the family was not ugly, let me marry you tomorrow!” Nie said innocently. “Your father Must force me, I have no way"" You ... how can you do this! "Ye Zixiu got anxiously cheeky and rubbed his feet." We obviously didn't have ... " At this time, Ye Zixuan, that looks like a charming and moving look, makes Nie Li's heart slightly swing, recalling all kinds of past lives, complex thoughts, this life, he Never let her go any furtherNie Li tried to calm down his feelings and spread out his hand and said, "I originally disagreed with this matter, but since father-in-law and adults are all like this, I think I'll still be able to handle it.""reluctantly? Will it? "Ze Zi looked at Nie Li." Nie Li, do you mean I can't deserve you? "Ye Ziyan got angry and stepped on Nie.Nie Leton exaggeratedly covered his ankle and shouted: "Of course it is worthy of it, how can it not be worth it?" "You ..." Ye Ziyan face flushed, she found himself once again jumped into the language trap of Nie Li. insideWatching Nie Li and Ye Ziyan slap in the face, Ye Xiu can not help but smile, he is looking at Ye Zixiu grew up, Ye Zixi identity noble, so there are not many friends, has always been hard to practice, not much talk with their peers He hasn't seen such a bright smile on Ye Zixi's face for a long time.Ye Xiu also thought that Nie Li and Ye Zixuan already had feelings of love between men and women, but Ye Zong did not allow two people to be together, which led to later contradictions. If this were the case, then it was necessary for him to persuade Ye Zong to put Ye Zixuan. After she married Nie, her daughter would always marry, no matter how reluctant her father was.Ye Xie didn't know that Ye Zixuan had a good impression of Nie Li and his friends. From the beginning to the end, Nie left his face to hide from Ye Zixuan, but Ye Zixuan was thin and he didn’t know how to reject it."Well, I won't tell you. I'm going to see the room. I'll have to stay for a while.If the room is too bad, I'm not happy to live! “Nie looked around, his eyes fell on the loft where Ye Zizhu lived, and suddenly his eyes were shining, walking towards Ye Zi’s attic.After seeing this scene, Ye Zixuan suddenly panicked. She had already been beaten by Nie Liqiang. Once she had still vividly remembered her, she had already decided that she would no longer see Nie Li from the future. I did not expect Nie to leave again. Come on, this time we will go to her boudoir againNie lived in a room? Ye Zixuan is very depressed to think about it. Usually Ye Ziyan is gentle and peaceful. When talking to people, they are usually very gentle. People are very polite.But at this time, she can no longer calm herself.She blushed, took a sharp sword across her pale neck and looked straight at Nie away: "Nie Li, I will never let you live in my room. If you go in, I "..." "I was so excited and I didn't say that I would like to live in your room. I wouldn't be able to visit. I was too stingy. I returned to my room.""Nie left the room with a smile, taking advantage of his own things, and went to the side of the attic."Looking at Nie Li’s back, Ye Ziyan stayed and his cheeks were hot, she knew she was once again deceived by Nie.Nie from this guy, it's really annoyingAlthough this is the case, Nie Li can still be seen later, and it is still quite good.Ye Zixuan's eyelids were covered with a fog, because her inner heart was too lonely. There was a person like Nie who bothered her. Although she was always annoyed by Nie, she sometimes saw it. When I miss Nie, I miss itIs this a kind of feeling? Even Ye Zixuan did not say clearlyThese days, there are sweet and sorrows, crying and laughing, so she really feel that she is a sense of existence.Nie Li whistled to the attic over there, pointing to the opposite attic road: "It's light rain, you live over there."Nie Yu looked at another attic in the distance, licked his mouth, obviously Nie had another room in his brother's attic, why should she live in the attic opposite? If you hear Nie away, next to Ye Xiu Hastily intervened in Nie Lie said: "It's still a small rain, still living in the atticUsually you can take care of her! “Ye Nie looked at Ye Xiu and blinked. The sharp eyes looked like what he saw.Ye Xiu was awkward and unnatural and turned his gaze.If Nie Li doesn’t understand it, Ye Zong agreed to live with Ye Zizhen in a different house. How could he be assured? Ye Zong was so readily agreed that he must have been prepared for protection. It is estimated that Ye Zong will stay in the opposite attic to monitor Nie Li this evening.Nie Li had already expected Ye Zonghui to do so, knowing that he would be watched, or proposed to live in Ye Ziying's other home because Nie Li knew that Ye Zixuan was really too lonely. His mother died early, only father and father Every day, I'm busy with official business. I don't see it once in a few months. Her heart is very lonely.Nie Licai did not want to take advantage of Ye Zixie's cheapness. Ye Zixuan was already an irreplaceable person in his heart. He just wanted to make Ye Zixi happy.As for the demons of the demons, they are reluctant to help them arrange them. Anyway, it will take much effort."We are now beginning to decorate the demon spirit array."Ye Xiu chased behind Nie Li.""What's the matter, I'm not here yet, I haven't rested yet."" Silver spirits, even if the seven days and seven nights do not sleep, will not feel tired ... ... "Ye Xiu said," Arrangement of magic demon Ling array is a major event"It's a big deal for you. It's not a big deal for me. Just wait for me to rest."You first go to collect materials, first collect all black gold spirits""Black gold level demon spirit, there is in the treasure house of the castle, ready to go"" The strongest weapon of the 10th shank ......" "This has also had..." Ye Xiu eagerly looked at Nie LiNie Li proposed all the materials for the arrangement of 10,000 demon spirits. Ye Xiu answered and said that Nie relied on Ye Xie. Such hard-to-find materials were found by them. The treasure house of the city’s main government was also preserved. It's rich, it's almost everythingWhat Nie did not know was that when the monsters swept across the mainland, a large number of powerful martial arts continued to be hunted and fled all the way. Many people fled to the glorious city and brought many unimaginable treasures. Most of these treasures are nowadays All gathered in the city"Well, in that case, then you start to arrange itNie Li was depressed and pulled out a map from her arms. "This is a general outline map of the city's principality."“Ye Xi was shocked to take advantage of Nie Li. Is this only a map of outlines? It is already very complete! The city’s main government is very guarded and the maps are prohibited from flowing out. How did Nie Li get such a complete map? It seems that Ye Xie’s heart was known. The idea, Nie Lie said: “This is why I let you Ye Yan’s first ancestor flew over the land of the landlord’s government, recorded it and then painted it."This is the case, Ye Xiu understands this.It is difficult for ordinary people to get in, but the guards of the Landlord's Office will guard against a bird. "Yes, Ye Yan's ancestors?" Ye Xiu this thought, when Nie came away, he did not bring in the spirits that attached Ye Yan's ancestor soul."I let him fly out of the city of glory and search for the location of the Dark Guild.“Nie Li said that the Dark Society was secretive and had lurked for centuries in the city of glory, growing little by little, and opened up another hidden underground kingdom in a valley outside the city.”The various families of the City of Glory wanted to encircle the Dark Society, but they did not find the home of the Dark Society. Even the legendary demon psychic Ye Mo and the Dark Society had no choice."Oh"Ye Xiu nodded his head, his heart secretly groaning, Nie from the end what method was used, actually Ye Yan ancestors can be so obedient? Think of them when they enter the days of fantasy, in the inside was Ye Yan ancestors learned to call it a Miserable, it's almost impossible to look up and behave.Today, Ye Yan’s ancestors actually completely obeyed Nie Li’s and also helped Nie to run errands. This is simply incredible!