Nie Li deliberately provoked Ye Zong. The last time in Ye Zixuan's other courtyard, Ye Zong called him a miserable person. Nie Li still remembers his memory. This time, he must also report this arrow's enmity.Since you are the daddy's father, I will teach you on behalf of Zi Zi! Ye Xiugang just wanted to be a peacemaker and he was stunned by Nie Li’s words.Ye Zong yelled: "I'd like to see how powerful your demon spirit array is."" Lord of the Landlords, I affirm this point, this is not the million magic demon spirit array, but a small killing line within the magic demon spirit array, really want to be a complete million magic demon spirit array, you ... "Nie away Slipped at Ye Zong, he shook his head shyly. "Not enough! "Ye Zong was beaten with a beard of shame, and he just put Nie away from his death.But after all, as a city-owner, this point is still necessary, and he really can not really get away from Nie, apart from seeking Nie Li, Nie Li still stands behind a class of strong"If I broke this killing line, what should I do?" Ye Zongshi as a black gold level demon psychic teacher, naturally has his own dignity, Yan Rong Nie away so provocative? "If you break this battle, I call you"Nie left a gruntYe Zong glanced at Nie Li and Nie wanted to call him, and he was not happy! Want to marry my daughter, the door is not! "If I break this battle, you will have to stay away from my daughter in the future!" "That couldn't break it..." Nie looked at Ye Zong in disdain and broke my Tai B killing line. You really thought you were The legendary strong ah? Even if the legendary strongman comes, it would take a little effort to break my Taiyi killings."I can't break me..." "If you can't break it, you won't be able to interfere with me and your daughter."Nie Li looked at Ye Zong like a smile"Yeah!" Ye Zong was too lazy to listen to Nie's nonsense, and step by step to go inside Taiyi to kill the array."If one kills the enemy, it will make it impossible for the opponent to step into the array."Nie left with a low cry, soul power through the body, his hands quickly took out a handprint, the entire Taiyi killing suddenly violently shaken up, followed by those pillars of light on the plazaYe Zong feels a tyrannical breath and his face changes slightly.But since he bet against Nie Li, he will certainly not back downAn angry roar, a majestic soul force swept from the bodyI saw that Ye Zong’s body grew rapidly and expanded several times. His hands constantly became thicker, his body covered with black scales, and a huge tail was growing behind him. The end of the tail was burning. Black flamesYe Zong's fusion of demon spirits is actually a black-scaled dragon. Black-scale dragons belong to the Yalong line of creatures and have a certain dragon lineage, second only to the real dragons.Among many evil beasts, dragon creatures belong to the topmost existence, and even the most junior dragons have at least black gold strength.Although Yalong is only a small part of the dragon's bloodline, it is also very powerful.“Blackscale dragons, excellent growth, is a good thingUnfortunately, what you encountered was too B to kill the array! "Nie Li Shen heard a cry, only to see those pillars continue to burst into a dazzling lightThe demon spirits around the pillars all become abnormally violent.All are black gold spirits. Although they were sealed in the Tai B killing group, their strength has weakened, but they are still extremely powerful.In the glorious city for hundreds of years, the collection of black gold spirits is still quite a lot, but the black gold spirits want to play its role, must have to be able to master itThe use of Taiyi to kill the array of foreign objects to control the demon spirit, this is the first time in the history of the city of gloryIn order to build the magic demon spirit array, the black gold demon spirits collected in the treasure house of the castle are almost all called.A black gold giant bear demon rushed down and hit with the black scales of Ye Zong.Soul forces continue to disperse, turning into terrible shock waves and constantly blasting on the surrounding groundYe Zong's heart, he completely did not expect that this Tai B killing the array, actually able to wave out the power of Peach Bear 80%, the Phantom Bear is one of the most powerful species of all demon spirits, but also the most difficult to control, So far no single demon psychic has succeeded in merging a black gold-class demon bearLight is a stupid bear and it is very difficultYe Zong yelled at the sky and blew his mouth out of the black fire and rushed towards the Xiong Xiong.The dark fire of the black scaled earth dragon, with its dark corrosive effect, can be severely damaged by spraying any black gold-grade demon spirit.Although the strength of the black-scale dragon is not as good as that of the Xiong Xiong in many evil beasts, after Ye Zong has merged the black-scale dragons, he can wield the power of the black-scale dragons by one hundred and fifty percent, while Tai B kills the enemy. But it can only boost the power of the Peach Bear 80%. Underneath this time, this Phantom Bear is naturally not the opponent of the Blackscale Earth Dragon.Seeing the dark fire of the Black-Land-Earth Dragon is about to spray on the Demon Bear. Suddenly, a water curtain falls and envelops the dark fire.In this water curtain, the fire of darkness was extinguished not long afterwards."What's the matter?" Ye Zong's heart sinks, but he sees a huge armyworm next to a blue light. He is slamming and slamming and squirts a stout black water column.This is an extremely terrible species. It grows in muddy swamps. It has more than 90% of the body's composition. It is black with highly toxic liquids, and its vitality is extremely tenacious.Even if it is dried into a dead body, after a few decades, as long as there is a drop of water on it, it can be resurrected.Ye Zong knew that there was such a demon spirit in the treasure house of the city-owning house, but he did not know exactly when this demon spirit was in the treasure house of the main city house. It was extremely difficult for this kind of hard-witted beast to kill. , a black gold-class black water armyworm, at least to be able to kill the legendary strong, this is likely to be left by an old ancestorLike black water armyworm, it is almost impossible for any black gold spirit to surrender. Even if surrendered, it cannot control the characteristics of the black water armyworm, but now it is controlled by Taiyi.Seeing the venom coming from the spray, Ye Zong suddenly feels numbness in the scalp.This small Tai B killing array can actually control so many demon spirits, and let these demon spirits cooperate with each other to kill enemies. This is a terrible thing, even if only the demon spirits can be used up to 80 percent. Strength, it is also very scaryWhen Ye Zong evaded the black water armyworm, Ye Zongxian was surrounded by more than a dozen black gold spirits.Look at these demon spirits againPygmy bear, black water armyworm, dead zero bird, inflammatory snake, poisonous frog, one is more difficult than oneEven Ye Zong couldn’t think of it. His treasure chest actually contained so many terrible black gold spirits.This is not a contest of strength and equivalence at all. It is a siege. These black gold spirits are just like each other and they work together seamlessly.Under the siege of many demon spirits, Xiong Xiong finally caught the opportunity to slap in the chest of the Blackscale Earth Dragon.The black scale earth dragon was turned to the ground, and Ye Zongdun felt a flustered breath, because the power of the mound bear was too strong. Even though the pup bear had only 80% strength, even if the black scale dragon defense was amazing, it was still turned to the ground.Ye Zong yells and slams into the past with giant palmsWhen I saw this, the beside the snake suddenly drilled and clung to Ye Zong’s arm, making Ye Zong totally unable to move.The bear next to it snarled wildly against the head of a black scaled earth dragon.The head repeatedly attacked several times, making Yezong dizzy, even if the black scales were thick and thick skin, but also can not afford such a violent storm! With the strength of Ye Zong’s black gold spirit, even if it is faced with three or five black-gold monsters at the same time, it will not lose, but there are dozens of black gold levels opposite, but they also know how to cooperate with each other. How to make people play? If Ye Zong does his best and explodes all his potential, it’s okay to go with these black gold spirits.However, as a city owner, is it worth it? Even if spelled out these black gold spirits, it would not be good for him! At the moment, Ye Zong’s mood is extremely complicated. He thinks that when he is in front of a junior, he is crushed by a few demons on the ground and has lost a bet. Ye Zong’s face is embarrassed and irritated, but on the other hand, In retrospect, Taib’s killings are so powerful that the demons are more powerful, which means that the City of Glory has a lot more cards.Nie Licai, regardless of the identity of Ye Zongcheng, had been beaten before even wearing clothes in Ye Zixuan's other homes. Now, how can this account be counted back! Nie kept pushing Taiyi to kill the array, and Xiong was even more furious. He was kicked and kicked in front of Ye Zong. Then he sat on Ye Zong’s face with a butt, and he tamped down a few times.Seeing this scene, Ye Xiu mouth twitching, eyebrows kept vibrating, Nie Li really dare, actually pushed the Xiong Xiong sitting on the face of Ye Zong, if it was seen by outsiders, Ye Zong this city dignity, I am afraid All must be swept awayWho will dare to sit on the face of the landlord with his ass? Ye Xiu was a bit cry and laughable. If this goes on, Ye Zong is afraid to work hard with Nie. Ye Zong didn't want to do his best. After all, killing the black gold level demon spirit in Taiyi’s killing array was not good for him. Instead, it was a huge loss, but he was unnerved and Nie Li was getting more and more aggressive. I was stunned by him and I let him sit on his faceThis is simply unbearable! Looking at the big buttocks of the praying bear on his face, Ye Zongfei must blow it up.