Hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zong’s face is blueNie Li said that if he was not there, he had no good words, and he even tricked him into infuriatingIt's simply devastating and crazy! If it weren’t for Nie to help arrange the demons’ demons, he’d already appeared and taught Nie to die.Just listening to Ye Zixuan's look was a bit awkward, and said to Nie Li: "Nie Li, don't you misunderstand my father.My father and other people are actually very good. He also wants to spend more time with me.But after all, he was the champion of the glorious city, shouldering the life and death of so many people in the glorious city, he was not afraid to slack off at the moment.Although he didn't spend much time with me, he was still my most respected and admired person.I only hate my strength is too weak now, can not help him worry 愁 愁 ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到 听到. A severe fatherHe also knows that he did not do enough, and his heart has a lot of debts to Ye Zixuan.When he heard Ye Zixuan’s remarks today, his inner heart could not be calm for a long time. It turned out that this was the true idea of ​​Yan Zi’s heart.“Nie Li, I originally thought that with my talent, I would never have reached the level of my father in this life, but it wasn’t until you taught me practice and gave me the Ice Queen’s demon spirits that gave me a real strength. Change, so that I can achieve my dream, I do not thinkAlthough my father could not agree to let me be with you, in order to repay you, I can promise you three requests, no matter what the requirements, as long as I can do it, I will never refuse"Ye Ziye seems to think of something, her cheeks are red, but she is proud of her chest and her eyes are very firm.Since she was father, she has been educating her. Her life is alive. She must be reported in good grace, and if she is to be a person of faith and promised things, she must do it.The Ye Zong in the distance wrinkled his brow. His heart moved and the repairs of the nephew had been raised so fast. Thanks to the guidance of Nie Li, his views on Nie Lie had changed a bit. It seems that Nie was facing the confrontation. Children are good"Really, no matter what the requirements, you will not refuse?" Nie suddenly revealed a bad smile and walked toward Ye Zixi.After seeing Nie’s face revealing a meaningful smile, he walked toward him. Ye Zixuan replied inexplicably and his cheeks were reddened. What did Nie Yi want to do? Some pictures appeared in her mind, but they seemed to have thought of something. It was very impressive. Since she said that she had promised Nie to meet three demands, she would have to keep the letter, otherwise she would be looked down upon.Nie Li walked step by step to Ye Zixuan's side and looked down at Ye Ziyan. At this time, Ye Ziyan was shy and charming. The blown bomb could break the skin, the slightly pursed red lips, the crystal clear Qiong nose, and the bright alum. The seductive, like a ripe grape, people can not help but want to take a biteShe wore a white silk dress and a white ribbon on her chest. She was exquisite and lovely. Her skirt fluttered in the wind. It was like a fairy in the night. A fragrance of girls rushed in.This is how touching a woman! The images of past lives slowly surfaced in my mind. Nie Li's heart was gentle. At this moment, he most wanted to embrace the jade people in his arms! Feeling the closeness of Nie and the unique atmosphere, Ye Zixuan became more and more confused and his heart plunged. Even the white jade neck was dyed with a hint of twilight.A faint jealousy that spreads between the twoWhat a beautiful night! At this time, in the dark, Ye Zong saw that Nie Li was constantly approaching Ye Zixuan. The look of frivolity made him finally change his attitude towards Nie Li to vanity. The roots on the arm were exposed, and if Nie Ligan touched it. A child's finger, he absolutely will not hesitate to put Nie away violently, so that even the mother does not know! Nie greedily breathed the breath of Ye Zixuan's body. There was a trace of deep feelings of desolateness and sadness in his eyes. Many times he was worried that everything in front of him was just a dream. Every night, he was often awakened by a nightmare. At the moment when Ye Zixie died, the tears of self-blame covered the pillows.[Love goes to the novel network.] Ye Zixi never knows, Nie Li is unforgettable about her feelings, and she has countless times of nine deaths, and she is lonely for hundreds of years. Only when he recalls Ye Zixuan can he feel warm.That feeling, deep in the bone marrowWhen he comes back to life, he feels happiness, but he also fears losing everything in front of him. So he constantly improves the strength of himself and those around him in order to have the power of self-protection at the time of the crisis.No matter what, he won't lose everything in front of himWith Ye Ziyan in close proximity, she really felt the existence of Ye Zixuan. Nie Li tried to embrace Ye Zixuan and wanted to tell him about all kinds of inner heart. However, after deep sigh in his heart, he converged these feelings together. If this moment, he If you embrace Ye Zixi, you will certainly scare her? Nie Li's mouth slightly tilted up, close to the ear of Ye Ziyan, and slowly said: “My first request is, I want you...” Nie Li’s voice is particularly long when he speaks your word.Hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zichen shuddered and his hands trembled slightly. She had already guessed that Nie Li would definitely make such a request.Although morally impermissible, Nie Li did have grace for her. She said that she would meet Nie's three requirements. Naturally, she will not refuse.If that person is Nie, her heart is not so hard to acceptAlthough she thinks this way, she still feels confused"Little animals, see I do not waste you!" Ye Zong's fists clapped and squeaked, almost bombing, the body of the black gold strong breath out through the body, at any time to erupt, the black gold level strong, Once you have a shot, I'm afraid this other home will be razed to the ground! Ye Zi’s white hand trembled slightly and placed it on the chest. The heart twitched and his cheeks were red and moving. Her heart was full of contradictions and struggles.Feeling Ye Zong’s violent atmosphere, Nie Li knew that enough, and if this were to continue, Ye Zong would have to run away."I want you...to speak with me“Nie Li stretched a bit and said with a smile.“Speak with you to speak?” Ye Ziyan paused in the air in her right hand and looked at Nie Li away.“Then what do you think I want to do?” Nie Li asked Ye Zixuan. He looked at the little face of Ye Zihuang and opened his mouth. She looked at Ye Zixi in shock. “Do you think I want you to be with me? Do you think I'm so inconsiderate?” Ye Ziyi could not wait to hear if he heard Nie Li’s words on the ground.She also thought that Nie Li was misguided by her. She wanted to join her... She was a family of wind and snow. She saw a lot of things between her family. When she was thirteen years old, she had reached the age of getting married. She was naturally not immune to those things. knowNie Li is a serious man. Is he not serious? Nie Li definitely deliberately misunderstood her! “Nie Li, I hate you!” Ye Zixuan came to understand that she was played by Nie Li, shyly slamming a foot on the back of Nie Li’s feet, and then fleeing like a dragon.Nie Li is really annoying, he is absolutely intentionalThinking of those messy ideas in my heart, Ye Zizhen’s heartbeat"Yeah!" Although it wasn't painful, Nie Li screamed at her feet and looked up at the back of Ye Zixun's escape. He shouted, "Hey, don't you say that you're satisfied with my request? Why don't you talk to me? Run it?” “Speak to yourself alone"Ye Zi made a double noise. When the voice came, the man had entered the attic."Looking at Xie Zi’s tender back, she disappeared into the doorway. Nie suddenly felt happy and whistled.Ye Zong at the corner of the corner at this time, he was on the verge of turbulence, but when he saw the current situation, he stayed for a long time. This slowly brought back the turbulent breath. If Nie Li doesn’t do anything for Ye Zixuan, Good thing, he will certainly shot, but now, it seems that even the reasons for the shot are gone, and until now he only understands that he has been played away by Nie! Looking at Nie Li, who proudly whistled in the distance, he felt a deep sense of powerlessness in his heart.Nie Li seems to be unable to measure it with common sense.How is Nie left alone? Even he can't guessTo know that this kid is just a teenage kid, how can it be so difficult? When I think about it back, although Nie Li’s work is somewhat publicized and somewhat out of character, it seems that the quality is not so bad.However, even so, he was still a little uneasy. Hey, this girl is usually blue, hearty, clever and extraordinary, but now he's been teased by Nie, and Nie left in the end. Then observe it for a whileYe Zong’s figure slowly disappears into the darknessNie Li felt that Ye Zong’s breath disappeared and his mouth smiled. He really just cheated on Ye Zong. This is what Zhang Yue’s wife, who has always had a face, is really boring.It is an interesting thing to practise intensively in this main city palace, and to occasionally play tricks and play tricks on Ye Zixuan.Since Ye Zong is gone, he should also start practicing.Nie was thinking in the middle of the centrifuge and found a stone plate and sat down. The breath of Nie Li seemed to blend with the darkness of the night. The tiger toothed panda and the shadowy demon spirit continued to breathe in the sea of ​​Nie's soul. God of ThunderThe Scorpio God Thunder Sword flashes on the electric light. The slightly soft electro-optic light actually contains the power of violent raging. Once Nie Zi urges the Scorpio God Thunder Sword to attack, the power will be extremely scary.If Ye Zong feels the soul atmosphere of Nie Li, it is estimated that he will surely be shocked because Nie’s soul power has completely exceeded the limit he can reach at present age.However, Nie Li’s soul spirit is converging. Even though it is a black gold spirit, Ye Zong is hard to perceive.Gradually, Nie Li entered the self-cultivation realm.For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience