Nie away looked at the thunderous Shen Xiu, a faint smile: “Shen Xiu’s tutor is really learned. If he doesn’t read the book, she says she does not exist.Did Shen Xiu see all the books in this world fail? "In the past, Shen Xiu was so unreasonable.“The Thunderfire Code? I remember it. I seem to have borrowed this book from the College Library!” said a civilian student in a sudden alarm. He borrowed three books, one of which was the ritual of Leihuo, but Leihuosheng There are many things in the code that are too esoteric. He can't read it completely. He just forgot to return the book.The voice of this civilian student made Shen Xiu’s face dark and gloomy.The civilian student opened the ritual of thunder and fire. This book of thunder and fire was a transcript, not an original one. It was written by the writing of the snow storm empire. The first volume was translated, but there was no translation at all. The text is very obscure and ordinary people can't read it.I did not expect to have this book. Even Vice President Ye Sheng and Lu Ye also looked at each other.Although they are vice presidents and professors of Shenglan College, there are hundreds of thousands of books in the Shenglan University Library, of which more than 90% are ancient collections left over from ancient times. Even they do not dare to speak out. The name of each bookThere are many books, and even they can't be translatedIn the past, Nie Li swept the mainland and knew seven languages. After the legendary realm, all kinds of books were kept in one eye and ten lines, never forgetting. In the past, Nie Li spent more than a hundred years in the static space-time of the Book of Space and Demon Spirits and read millions of stories. BooksThe snow and snow empire's text, read it without hindrance to Nie LiThe old man in the grey-gown beside Ye Shenghe and Lu Ye was also surprised to see the color of surprise. Even though he did not read through the book of thunder and fire, he did not read it throughout.“Ye Sheng, send people to the library to get a thunderbolt scripture!”"Yes!" Ye Sheng looked at Lu Ye next to him. Lu Ye dared not neglect and rushed away.The eyes of all the students in the class were focused on the ritual of thunder and fire in the hands of the civilian students. Both Ye Zixuan and Shen Yue were very surprised.As the children of the great families, they also read the books. However, they do not know that there is such a book as the Book of Thunderfire. Because this book is too popular, few people will learn.The three types of brilliance system in the city of glory are the most complete, with blizzards, sacred flames, and battle fronts. Almost all people practice cultivating these three kinds of brilliance. The vast majority of thunder and fire mingled patterns have been lost during the dark ages. Some of the rest of the books, such as the Thunderfire Code, were untranslated and were left unattended.Occasionally, students will be able to borrow and find out that they will not be able to understand it and they will be returned immediately."I have a look at the Seventh Book of ThunderfireThe civilian student quickly rummaged. This book of thunder and fire is hundreds of pages thick, with illustrations and texts.After the first volume, there was no translation, and the old dense text was a headache.Turning to the seventh volume, in the seventh volume, there are more than a hundred etched lines, and the civilian student compares one by one, looking for an embossed pattern similar to that of Chi Yanyan.Everyone waited a bit impatiently. What time would it take to find it? Shen Xiu’s face was cold: “I guess you discovered this book in a corner of the library. I didn’t know what was written inside. I said that Chi Yan came out of this book! I don’t know the so-called arrogance. Actually, the predecessors of my holy family have made you defiled! If you can't find where the embossment is, I will go to the sanctuary and tell you to filthy ancestors!” Nie Li looked at Shen Xiu like a smile.嗤 嗤 了一 了一 嗤 嗤 嗤 嗤 嗤 嗤 嗤 嗤 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一 了一The age of the owner is much longer?” “Yes!” Shen Xiu nodded, this is an iron fact, she can not deny"It's simple“Nie Li took a look at the civilian student and said, “Start the thunderbolt script from the seventh volume and turn it back thirty pages. The sixth picture on the thirtieth page is a comparison with the Chiyan Yanmao pattern."“When you see Nie’s self-confident expression, Shen Xiu's heart sank, if Nie Lizhen really finds out the origin of the Chi Yan Yanming, it will be a stain of the sacred family.Because the sacred family has always claimed that the sixteen Ming dynasties, such as the Chi Yanyan, were created by the sacred family as their owners. This has given the Holy Family a great reputation. If the outside world knows, these sacred lines of the Holy Family are from In plagiarism in ancient books, it will definitely damage the reputation of the sacred family.Seeing Shen Xiuliu reveal a trace of fear and fear, Nie Li smirked and the sacred family nicknamed the fishing reputation. They had been living under the sacred flame of the Ming dynasty. They used to beautify their past homeowners. What made their own lives? The city of glory is in danger. In fact, the Holy Family is a hypocrite family! Before the glorious city of past life was broken, all the families were fighting for the glorious city. The sacred family was responsible for guarding the west gate of the glorious city. However, after the outbreak of the war, the sacred families kept all the family strong in order to preserve the strength of their family. Into the mountains of the ancestors, leading to the West was compromised, the wind and snow to drive straight into the World of Warcraft, Nie Li also clearly remembers that year, the mournful horror of the residents of the glorious city of Warcraft.Nie Li and others had to evacuate and leave their hometowns to leave the city of glory! After returning from his rebirth, Nie Li did not have a good impression of the Holy Family.In this world, I want this family of hypocrites to be removed from the glorious city! If you want to let the sacred family be spurned by all the glorious cities, you must first uncover the true face of this hypocrites! “The sixth picture on the 30th page?” the civilian student murmured, and after getting the exact instructions, he quickly found the Leihuo’s name.“Yeah!” The crowd of students onlookers issued surprise sighs. Leihuo Mingwen consists of two parts in total, some of which are exactly the same as those of the Chiyan Yanmao.The Chiyan Yanming Ming pattern is actually much simpler than Lei Huo Ming Wen, and it is equal to half the cut.Nie actually did not say wrong! Shen Xiu tightly holds her fist and her fingers are whiteWhen Shen Yue was among the practitioners, when he looked at Nie Li, he also showed a look of hatred, because Nie Lie was destroying their sacred family! Nie Lixiang noticed the look of Shen Xiu and Shen Yue’s hostility. In his heart, Lengheng uttered a deep cry. The people of the Holy Family were really a virtue. They did not seek the reasons from themselves, but if they were not happy, they blamed the problem on others, if not How do you worry about exposing others if you fake yourself? "Even if the first family leader of my sacred family was drawn from this Leihuo Mingwen, then how?"Nie Qi laughed and said: "Shen Xiu Tutor, it seems that you are not particularly familiar with the spirits of the teacher's code.Should I explain it to you? The spirit of the spirits has been circulating for more than 3,000 years. Almost all demon spirits will abide by this code.In accordance with Article 161 of the Ensemble Spiritual Master Code, etched lines that have been intercepted or copied from the stencils of other demon psychic masters must be annotated and must not be declared to be external.This is the ethical principle of the demon psychic teacher! "You ... you ... ..." Shen Xiu was shivering. Nie Li was very disgusted with this statement and directly determined that the sacred family did not abide by the ethical principles of the psychic teacher. But she could not refute her."If we learn from it, we can learn from the Leihuo Mingwen about its merits and create its own pattern. That's all right, but the first family leader of the Holy Family has directly intercepted half of them, and claims to be self-created. That's too much... To talk about ancestors and sins. SinIs it the sacred family’s first homeowner’s hardship? “Nie left her eyes blinking and said innocentlyNie Liang's speech is sharp, pointing to the pain of the Holy Family, but also pretending to be innocent, so that Shen Xiu and Shen Yue are angry to killA group of participants whispered: "The first family leader of the original sacred family was such a person.""It is said that although the first homeowner of the Holy Family was only a gold demon psychic teacher, on the study of Mingwen, he was a master teacher and created several fire lines.The sacred family has always been the successor to the sacred flame. "I did not expect Chi Yan Yan Ming Ming to actually be copied from ancient books.""I looked at the records of Feng Xueming, and there are also many etched lines that have been copied or intercepted from ancient books. But those sculptors have noted the source and never claimed to be self-made."" This is the ethical code of the demon psychiatrist. Every noble demon psychic will do this! A group of trainees wondered whether the grand master of the Ming-style sculpture in their hearts was just an unknown name. After hearing their arguments, Shen Yue was even more dissatisfied. He had already disregarded Nie as an enemy. Tie Qing, suddenly stood up, Shen Sheng said: "Nie Li, my family of sacred heritage for more than three hundred years, is the glorious city of the three pinnacle families, but you are the sons of your ordinary family can be criticized! This flame Yanming Mingwen was written in the notes of the first owner and was not announced. Our younger generation organized the notes of the first owner and thought it was created by the first owner. It was also normal.“Nie Li looked at Shen Yue, and she was indeed the son of a sacred family. He spoke in front of a machine and carried a gun and a stick. At the same time, an excuse to clean up the responsibility! Shen Yue said, “The best family” When the four-character words were added, the tone was added, and it was pointed out that Nie Li was the brother of ordinary family. The meaning of the threat in the words was already very clear. If Nie Li was to pursue it again, as the sacred family of the peak family, he would certainly not make him feel better. ofFor Shen Yue and Nie Li, they were also spurned. Past lives like Shen Yue and Ye Zixuan were about to be engaged. However, the major disaster occurred. Shen Yue first ran away. Hearing Shen Yue's words, Nie Li was even more unhappy.“Shen Yue’s classmates are a little uproaring. Ah, fortunately, the city of glory has strict laws, otherwise I’m really worried that the sacred family will take me...” Nie left a dead pig who was not afraid of boiling water and blinked. “Believe in sacredness.” The family should have a grand family and should protect my safety. Otherwise, I would really have a problem. I am afraid it will become a stain that the sacred family cannot wipe out."~~ The new book is still immature and needs everyone's care. Please give us a lot of voter support!!!!