Although it was getting closer and closer to the cat, the speed of Nie did not slow down, but it was getting faster and faster."Look where you are still running!" The demon psychic that melted the cat squeaked and suddenly speeded up and slammed forward.The cat's sharp claws snapped off Nie"Hey! A silver five-star cricket ant, still want to run?" Seeing the cat's claws will fall on Nie Li's body, and Nie left with a cryNie Li’s body disappears quickly and vanishesThe cat’s claws passed through Nie’s body, but it was completely lost. Nie left as if it had disappeared out of thin air.The black gold-class demon psychic that blends the feline demon spirits stood still, looked confused and frowning, but did not find where Nie departed.“Where did this guy go?” He frowned, and with his keen sense of smell, he couldn't trace where Nie left! However, he has a feeling that Nie Li is definitely not far away from here! "The boy is quite capable. No wonder Long Yao has paid so much attention and sent us to come here!" After Nie departs, he moves slowly behind the rockery next to him.Although the use of tactics is easy to use, it makes the other person completely unable to feel where they are, but it also has the disadvantage that the movement is too slow and the duration is not long.However, delays can still beThe black gold spirit hunter searched around for a long time. After a moment, he did not know where he disappeared.Nie Li knows that the other party is definitely not far away and is still waiting around. As long as Nie Liyi appears, he will not hesitate to pounce onNie Li slowly moved to the back of the rockery. Suddenly he defied the tactics to show off and rushed toward the distance.“Oh, I don’t believe you don’t come out!” After seeing Nie Li’s appearance, the black gold spirit’s spirit teacher immediately chased him to Nie.To get rid of this guy, it is not a simple thing, it seems to have to use some means! Nie left the idea and moved him and summoned Scorpio God Lei Jian. An idea penetrated into the Scorpion God Sword, and lightning flashed through the sky. All gathered together in the Scorpion God Sword, a terror. Shenwei swept outAfter studying the Scorpion God sword, Nie Li can basically confirm that the Scorpio God Sword is not a thing in this world, or that the material for building the Scorpio God Lei Jian does not come from this world, although Nie Li is now only silver. Five stars, but still can make the Tianyi God Leijian play a powerful forceThe psychic master blended with the mongoose feels a terrible thunderbolt and he can't help but breathe.What is the sword that contains Nie's hands and contains the thunder? In the eyes of Nie Li, he suddenly shot out of God's light and shouted coldly. He saw a sudden drop of God's Thunder from the sky and fell down to the demon psychic.The demon psychic felt a thunder and lightning fall toward himself, and he was shocked. What did the weapon mean in the end, which could actually ignite the thunderbolt? Feeling of terrible thunder and lightning falling, he hurriedly jumped to the sideThe thunder and lightning landed on the ground, and they blazed a huge hole in the ground. The thunder and lightning scattered and scattered, forming a small piece of power grid.If the power of Scorpio God Thunder Sword completely broke out, even if it kills the legendary strong, it is a breeze. But now Nie Li only has silver five-star ranks, and can only push the tiny part of the Scorpion God Blade. Ability to deter the black gold level demon psychiatrist, want to kill the black gold level demon psychic or very difficultThe enchanting spirit that blended with the mongoose was almost exploding. He had originally used him as a black gold level demon psychiatrist and wanted to catch a silver-class demon psychic teacher. That was not a simple matter. The result was Nie Li. Various means emerged in an endless stream. First, some kind of stealth combat skills were suddenly displayed. Later, this strange sword was made out. He was unable to hold Nie away until now.A thunderstorm bombardedThe demon psychic continued to dodge, and his action was very agile with the meerkats. The lightning did not hit him, but his speed was greatly blocked. Several times he wanted to get close to Nie away. Dense power grid retreat"By these means, even if it can withstand a moment, then what can you do? You can't run!"Just relying on the God of Thunder, Scorpio is naturally unable to stop the black gold level of the demon psychic teacher, but the purpose of Nie Li just delayed some time, looking forward, the towering pillar in the distance, is already in sight , and Nie Li has been able to sense the soul mark to Taiyi to kill the array.Nie murmured in his mouth and quickly printed his hands.Although there are hundreds of meters away from Taiyi, Nie Li has already been able to urge Taiyi to kill the enemy.Seeing the towering pillars in the distance, stony pillars strewn with strange patterns of all kinds, the glorious spiritual master blending with the cat’s demon spirits had a slight glimpse. He had heard that these pillars were very powerful and could even withstand the leaves. Zong, he has always believed in the letter, after all, such things, if not personally seen, is definitely not believeBut since he was here, he also had to be careful to guard against it. What if those pillars really have so much power? "If you want to get close to the pillars, the door is not! Since you are so disobedient, then don't blame me for bluntly!" The demon psychic with the meerkats yowled and made a spike at the spine. As soon as the Nie left in the direction of the punctureThis spike has the toxicity of paralysis. Even if it just rubs a little bit, it will be enough to make Nie away completely lose combat effectiveness.This sharp thorn leaped toward Nie away. The terrible strength was enough to pierce people. He aimed Nie away from his hands. If he aimed at the heart, once he hit the target, he would be a black gold level wizard, not careful. If you do, there is only one dead end"If it weren't for the Dragon's Boss, it must be done. You must be dead!"At the moment when the demon psychic had just moved, Nie had already noticed"Cat licking thorn, huh“Nie smiled from the corner of the mouth. What these demon spirits were and what they were fighting for, Nie Li was all well-informed. He wanted to capture me with a cat's thorn, and he looked at me too small.”"Look where you are still running!" The demon psychic showed a proud smile on his mouth. With the strength of Nie Li, he couldn't hide his attack. He seemed to have seen the situation when Nie Lipo fell poisonously.Seeing the cat's sting is going to hit Nie away. I saw that Nie suddenly turned and turned the skeleton sword to his chest.With a banging sound, the cat's stabbing strikes the blade of the god of Thunder, and it is actually blocked by the god of Thunder.The demon nerd stayed awkwardly. The speed of his cat's sting pierced so quickly. Nie actually managed to accurately grasp the position of the cat's stab attack, and he actually blocked it with the blade of the Scorpion God's sword. Didn't Nie still have long eyes behind them? He really did not expect that a silver and a five-star spirit master had been stunned for so long under his own eyelids, but he couldn't help him at all. It was really annoying.What happened afterwards made him stunned.The cat's stabs attacked Scorpion's Thunder Blade without any damage to the Scorpion God Thunder Blade, but the turbulent strength was still strong.Nie Li jumped backwards with the impact force of the cat's sting, and the body rushed out tens of meters away.The attacks of cats and thorns even let Nie Li escape from success with success, but on the contrary, the distance between them instantly opened tens of meters."Ha ha ha, thank you for sending!" Only hear the sound of Nie from afar came, the spirit of the teacher is almost vomiting blood! This boy is too bluffing, just like mudWhen the demon psychic was ready to continue attacking, Nie Li had already fallen within the range of Tai’e killing the enemy. He saw his hands quickly stenciled and the entire Tai-B killing rumbling up. shiningIn that dazzling light, Nie Li suddenly shot a dazzling beam of light in his eyes. At this moment, he was like a god descending from heaven. His body slowly floated and his clothes sang in the wind.The enchanted spirit master that had mixed with the mongooses stood still and watched with surprise. The front lineup was, in the end, like the legend, even Ye Zong can suppress? At this moment, I heard only a roar in front of me and I saw a ferocious bear pounced down.The demon spiriter quickly lifted his claws to resistThe cat's claws and the giant bear of the sacred bear bombarded together, and saw the demon singer wow a rush of blood, and flew backwards.This stupid bear, but Ye Zong must be careful to deal with! The demon psychiatrist was shocked by the fact that the horrible power of this psychic bear was not what he could resist. It seems that some of the statements about this quirky matrix are true! "Hurry to withdraw!" The demon psychic naturally knows the powerful relationship among them. If Ye Zong can't resist this queer tactic, not to mention himself, after all, he's just a black-and-gold two-star demon psychic! With a bang, the pussy licks into a blur and tries to escape“Want to leave? Nothing!” Nie grumbled, his hands quickly printed, and a flame rolled out towards the shadow.This fire is Taiyi’s killing array of black snakesThe hot flames wrapped the cats and the cats struggled, but they still couldn't break free.The demon psychiatrist was in a hurry. He madly attacked the snake with his claws, leaving a scar on the snake, but the snake did not relax but it was getting tighter.When the psychic teacher was ready to cast his cheat, he suddenly felt a horrible smell. Looking up, he saw dozens of different kinds of demon spirits besides the slayer and the scepter. All are black gold levels!