The time flies quickly. Nie Li spent seven days in the other courtyard of Ye Zixuan. In addition to the seven-day period, he devoted himself to practicing rituals and arranging 10,000 magic demon spirits. Occasionally, he chatted with Ye Zichao. There was no special event.Nie Li’s repairing is also firmly established at the silver five-star level, and the silver five-star Jin-class to the gold level is a very difficult process. Ordinary people often need a just-right opportunity to complete the Jin-order, but Nie Li and Ye Zi’e and others come. It's only a matter of timeIt is a quiet environment in other hospitals.In order to guard against Nie Li, Ye Zong had to move the place where things were handled to this other courtyard. Although he was very busy every day, Ye Zong still exerted his soul power from time to time, sweeping across the entire yard to confirm whether Nie had left. What to doWhile handling a large number of official duties, he also needs to guard against Nie Li, so that Ye Zongfu can be dizzy but he does not dare to relax at all.Ye Xiu suddenly came in"City Lord adults, President Yan Yan seeks advice"Ye Xiu said in a slight way“Oh? The president of ancient inflammation is coming?Ye Zong said quickly that although the Association of Alchemists was also highly valued, it did not have the status of being aloof because it had mastered the refining of several kinds of immortality drugs. Chairman Gu Yan’s position in the city of glory has been linked to the leaves. There is almost no differenceAfter a moment, the ancient Yan president of a gray robe came in and looked up at Ye Zong."" President Yan Yan is not so polite, but here is just like at home."Ye Zonghaha smiled, his eyes swept away from the face of ancient inflammation, asked strangely." President Yan Yan seems a bit dignified, do not know this time over, why do things? Ancient Yan looked around and looked very cautious“Please be assured, President Gu Yan, here are my own people, even if it is the black gold class strong, but also can not get here"Ye Zong's heart is slightly shy, President Yan Yan is so cautious, what is the major event?Gu Yan looked at Ye Zong dignifiedly and silently for a moment: "Some words do not know what to say when speaking improperly, but if you do not say it, you are worried about serious consequences."" President Yan Yan but said no harmPresident Yan Yan nodded and said: "Before we have always suspected that the Association of Alchemists, between the Holy Family and the Dark Society, will not have some unspeakable secretsSome time ago, the deacon of the sacred family, Shen Ming, led a person to attack Nie Li and was captured. Under the circumstance of our Association of Alchemists, some of the sacred families were given out."" What happened? "Ye Zong frowns. "It's just one of Shen Ming's confessions. I am afraid that it is not enough to determine whether there is a collusion between the Holy Family and the Dark Society. There must be conclusive evidence! "When Shen Ming clarified these things, we also understood that there was no conclusive evidence that would not do it. Later, the sacred family suddenly purchased a large amount of immortality from us. In that batch of immortality, we placed a chasing spirit and then sent people." With the three-headed dog spirits to track, it was finally determined that the dyads flowed to the dark guild."Ancient Yan looked up and said with seriousnessIf so, then the sacred family is absolutely unable to elute suspects.“The influence of the sacred family in the City of Glory is deep-rooted. It is no use just to make sure that it is useless. Even if there is evidence of Shen Ming, it cannot shake the status of the sacred family."Ye Zong was silent for a moment. President Gu Yan will not desecrate the sacred family without reason." I will send someone to investigate this matter."Ye Zong looked to the side of Xiu Xiudao:" Ye Xiu, this matter is your responsibility""Yes! "Ye Xiu immediately noddedAncient inflammation is a bit worried: "We investigated the sacred family before, and it has aroused the vigilance of the sacred family. Master Xiu Xie must also be careful.""I know"Ye Xiu nodded his head. Just being a sacred family, there were no more than three black gold level deities. Not to mention there was a dark guild hidden in the darker place. Even he did not dare to care about it."After talking for a while, Gu Yan left and left."Ye Xiu, this matter will trouble you."Ye Zong sighed a little." Today's shining city, trustworthy, available people are not much.In recent years, the city walls of the city of glory have been built higher and higher, but the rising geniuses are becoming less and less, and the city walls alone cannot withstand the evil creatures."The adults of the city do not have to worry about this. There are no younger generations or younger generations. They will certainly become the mainstay of the glorious city.""Ye Xiu is relieved"I just don't know if I can wait until then"Ye Zong smiled and shook his head, but he was very clear. The glorious city was in a precarious situation. Now even the sacred families of the three great peak families have to forsake the glorious city. Who knows what the future will be like?" The Ye Xiu was a little stunned. He often ran away with Ye Mo. He naturally understood that more and more of the snow-and-witch beasts around the shining city became stronger and stronger. Who knows when the tide of Wicked Beasts is coming? "Hong Kong should also be back in a few days. Two years ago, he was already a golden star spirit master. I don't know how his repair is now."Ye Zong thought of something, smiled a littleYe Han is the adopted son of Ye Zong. He has an extraordinary talent. He has a blue sea of ​​soul and is highly respected by Ye Zong. At the age of 20, he has been living with his family, a senior elder. He is also considered to have experienced life and death.Ye Han has always been proud of Ye Zongxian and even wanted to train as the next owner of the city.Ye Xiu has been silent and has not spoken. Ye Zongzhi Ye Han has always been like a child. However, after all, he is not a person of the Ye clan. In his view, the position of the city should be passed on to the Yi family's clan, Yi Zong’s daughter. Ye Zixuan, before the deaf children were unable to keep up with the cultivation of talents, and now the deaf children have demonstrated outstanding talents, and the choice of the position of the landlord needs to be considered.Anyway, Ye Xie is not favored by outsiders like Ye Han."I have heard that part of the magic demon spirit array has been part of it, and it is already possible to show some of the power. Will the adults of the city have to look at the past?" Ye Xiu suddenly thought of something and asked Ye Zongdao.Before Nie Li told Ye Xiu, the demonic demon spirit array was divided into eight small arrays. The power of the eight small arrays was very good. After the integration of the eight small arrays, it was amazing.Now that Nie has laid out one of the small arrays, it can already show some of its power.Ye Zong's eyebrows picked up slightly. Before he demoted Nie from the demons of the demons, he was also skeptical. Doesn’t Mie Li’s array of monsters be so strong? The entire magic demon spirit array is costly. If it is not as strong as Nie Li, then the loss can be great.Ye Zongyuan thought that the power of the million magic demon spirit array would not be known until it was fully laid out. I did not expect to be able to test the power of the demon spirit array in the present, and he certainly couldn't be forever! "Let's go and see!" Ye Zong said in a snapCity Hall, Eastern RegionIt was originally a rolling building. In order to decorate the magic demon spirit array, the whole area was razed to a flat land and turned into a huge open space. In the center of this open space, there were more than a dozen huge pillars and columns. It is covered with various mystical embossings, and the ghost of a monster only wraps around it.Each of these evil beasts is a black gold level, and they are all covered with an embossed pattern. From time to time, they bloom out of the golden light.One of the eight magic demon spirit array kills one, Tai B kills the array! At this time, Nie Li and others stood in front of Taiyi’s killing force. There was a majestic force surging in it, and there was a momentum that rose into the sky.Although Nie Li wanted to hide the atmosphere of Tai B’s killings, the power of Tai B’s killings was too obvious and couldn’t be concealed. With each stone pillar standing so high, I’m afraid that it has long attracted the attention of the people.However, Taiyi’s array contained 72 kinds of killing tricks. In addition to Nie Lieng’s ability to move in a special way, other people could not even approach it. Unless the fact that the legendary elite came, they could not destroy Tai’e’s killings.“This is the magical demon array that you have arranged?” Ye Zong looked up, and though there was some shock in his heart, there was no expression on his face."This is not a million magic demon spirit array, but only part of the magic demon spirit array."In the face of Ye Zong, Nie Li did not show any weakness, but his hands were holding his chest and a faint smile. "But although only a small part of it, it is not a problem to have a few black gold scum."Nie Li is deliberately stimulating Ye Zong'sHearing Nie Li’s words, both Ye Xiu and Ye Zong’s mouth cheeks twitchedBlack gold slag? In this splendid city, in addition to Nie Li, who dares to call a black gold super strong? To know that the black gold level is second only to the legendary existence! Where isn't it? Ye Zong’s anger rises. Nie Li’s dare to despise the black gold level demon psychiatrist. This is simply provoking the dignity of the black-gold level demon psychic master. He coldly cries, “With this array, you can get rid of the black-gold level. You know the strength of the black gold level demon psychic master, in the end how strong?” Ye Xiu heart wry smile, Nie Li and Ye Zong do not know how, and two people each time together, just like a gun barrel FriedTo say that Ye Zong is in a high position, as a city owner, there is a kind of superior who does not anger and prestige. When an ordinary child sees him, both his legs are weak, and his partial Nie Li is completely afraid of him. He also provokes Ye Zong from time to time. It also makes Ye Xiu very helpless“The Lord of the City, Nie Li should not have deliberately said so. He just wanted to describe the power of this killing. As a black gold level demon psychic, how could he easily fall out...” Seeing Ye Zong’s fury, Ye Xiu hurriedly wanted to be a peacemaker."Of course I was deliberate“Nie Li looked back and looked directly at Ye Zongxi.” Do not think that the black gold level demon psychic is terrific, you have not seen the real strong person at all, but a group of frogs in the bottomhole, in my eyes, black gold level The demon slayer is the residue slag. Lord of the city, since you said that my Taiyi can not kill the black gold level demon psychic division, do you want to try? ”