In addition to Taiyi’s killings, Nie Li quickly set up a god mine to kill the enemy. Two killings were enough to cover one-fifth of the area of ​​the landlord’s palace.¢ ¢ 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂 聂“Nie Li, hand over the seals that control the two killings to the city owner."Ye Xiu said with a smile to Nie Li, after all, Ye Zongcai is the owner of the city."Hey, give it to him, that guy who doesn't say anything! Unless he asks me, don't even think about it!" Nie grunted, and he really got stronger with Ye Zong.Ye Xiu knows that it is not that easy for Nie Li and Ye Zong to settle. How can this matter be solved? Ye Xiu is also a bit distressedAlthough it is clear that Ye Zong could not pull down his face to seek Nie Li, since he got a reply from Nie, he can at least go back to the exchange.After Ye Xiu left, Nie Li continued to practice in the yardThe whole of the city’s principalities were caught in a deep silence, except for occasional patrolling guards’ footsteps and birds’ flapping noises.Nie away was running the god of heaven and swallowed soul power. In the night, he felt a smoky atmosphere and was caught up in the body of Nie Li.Nie Li’s progress in cultivation is simply amazingNie Li at this time is like being integrated into the deep night.At this point, in some corners of the city's main government, one figure suddenly appeared. Each of them was dressed in black clothes, completely hidden in the darkness."You did not probe it. What are the giant columns to do?" "It is not yet clear. It is only that there was a young boy who pushed the giant pillar and he gave it to Ye Zong."A young boy mobilized those giant pillars and actually defeated Ye Zong, the black gold level demon psychic master. How is this possible?" "" I see it with my own eyes! "" It's no wonder that Long Yao sent us to test the city"With the strength of our dark guild and the extraordinary means we have mastered, it is not difficult to destroy this glorious city. Why is the demon lord unwilling to start?"" It is not difficult to destroy the city of glory. You are too small to see the glorious city! After many generations of glorious cities, how could these families have no means? The three great families, the seven giant families, and some fallen families must really come to the genocide. The power that they broke out must not be underestimated! This time, seven of us have brought people to attack the city government. You must be extremely careful, and you must not careless! The leader of the black man grunted. "In addition to destroying what form of battle, we must catch the kid alive!" "" Big brother is good, it depends on the strength of our seven people, depending on the number of black gold level demon lord in the landlord's office, do not want to stop us"The seven black people constantly change their bodies. Black foxes, inflammatory tigers, pussy baboons, red-tailed red snakes, demon charm, snow bears, and ice-cold corpses. After their appearance of these monsters, they have disappeared. In the darkAt this time, in the open space to the south of the main shrine, this area is the weakest defense area in the shrine of the shrine. It is the Yanwu area of ​​the shrine. There are many martial artists practicing here during the daytime. But at night, it is empty and there is nothing Buildings don’t need to be defensiveAt this moment, sixteen people wearing black cloaks are surrounded together. The area more than ten meters in the middle circle is portraying the complex patternThese brilliances sparkle with a strange blue glow, which is still striking in the darkness.Sixteen people murmured complex spells, and the lines of the earth were lit up. More and moreAt this point, three patrolling guards came over. They passed the cloisters in the distance and found the blue light here."What are you and what are you doing here?" The three patrolling guards are too alert. In their opinion, the city's main government is absolutely safe. Who would dare to mess in the shrine? At this moment, three figures suddenly appeared behind them.The three guards were all silver only, and the assassins who killed them were at least in gold. They were caught off guard and they fell into a pool of blood without even sending out their voices.The sixteen people seemed to have nothing happening and still murmured there singing chantsThe ground is constantly cracking"Come out, Abyss Troll!" One of the leading voices shouted in a frenzied manner, and the blue light shone on his face, making his expression on his face look particularly awkward.The grey robes of the sixteen black men were windless and the people slowly floated out of thin air.The Yanwu Stadium is constantly cracking. Faintly, it seems that hot red lava is emerging from the ground. A huge head is constantly rising from the hot magma. The magma is rolling and many small magma splashes on the distant ground. After landing, she suddenly became a small firecracker. The little flames screamed and slammed in all directions. They were everywhere they went and they burned on the ground.A huge monster, tens of meters in height, rises from the magma. He is like a giant waking up from the lava. He has a giant wing on his back and holds a great sword of fire."Ha ha ha, raging, abyss trolls!" The black man in the lead laughed wildly.I saw this time, the abyss troll suddenly opened the eyes of the bronze bell, the flame of the sword in his hand suddenly rushed out toward the front, the leader of the black people instantly annihilated in the flames, and even screams Did not send outThe fifteen black people left to see this scene, immediately scared to astonishment, and hurried toward the outsideAfter this abyssal troll was summoned out, there was no enemy for me. As long as it was in front of it, it would not hesitate to kill it! As the flames burst into the sky, the south side of the shrine was completely trapped in a terrible mess.At this time, Nie Li, who was practicing in Ye Zixuan’s other courtyard, felt that after the movement in the south, he opened his eyes and looked south to the main part of the city. There was a lot of flames and shouts and he was clearly in the middle of a war.Nie Zhongyi in the middle of a sudden, someone attacked the main government office? But also made such a big move? “Nie Li, what happened?” Ye Ziyan looted out of the attic, and saw the scene of the distant fire shining in the sky. Nie Li slightly frowned. Before the Wicked Tigers attacked the city, there had been no incidents of attack on the Shing Aung Shwe. It seems that after his rebirth, he caused some butterfly effects and led to this incident.The south side of the city is the weakest defense area, but it is also the least important place. Attacking there is meaningless! The only explanation is that it is soaring! They want to attack the south of the main city to attract the attention of the guards.So the real goal is ... ... Nie from the eyes of God in a flash, the other's goal, no doubt is him! The talent that he demonstrated during this time was enough to draw the attention of the Dark Society. In addition to the Dark Society, the Holy Family was always trying to set him to death! "Oh! I didn't think that the Dark Society was really willing to pay for it. He would attack me if he wanted to attack the city's main government!" Nie thought in the middle of the centrifuge, and took a look next to Ye Zixi and Nie Yu, Shen Sheng said. Light rain into the secret room to hide!” “No!” Ye Zixuan said firmly that the city’s main government was attacked. How could she be completely indifferent? "You have only five silver stars. You can't be the gang's opponent!" "What about you?" Ye Zixi said anxiously."They are directed at me, but I have a life-saving method, I will lead them to Taiyi killing array and mine killing array, fighting to kill a few!" Nie smiled slightly, "This time you You should also know the power of Taiyi’s killing array and Shenlei’s killings. Even your dad has been beaten by me!” Ye Zixuan was silent for a moment."Nie left my brother, I want to be with you!" Nie Yu's young face, there is a kind of unquestionable and resolute"It's raining, you can't help me, but you can drag me down too! You first followed Zi Zi's sister, so Nie solved them from his brother and immediately came back to you!" Nie Li said to Ye Zixuan, "Zi Zi, The rain will be given to you!" Ye Zixuan looked at the light rain, then he nodded hard and took a drizzle in the direction of the secret room of the other house.As the daughter of the landlord, Ye Zixuan did a very good job in other courtyards. The secret room in the other house leads to Ye Zong’s residence. Ye Zixuan understands that he can’t help Nie Li and can only find his father to save troops.Nie Li looked at the back of Ye Zixuan and Nie Yu. He immediately merged the spirits of the demon spirit, quickly changed his body, and his body quickly disappeared into the darkness.The dark night is the world of shadow demon spirit! At this time, in the south of the city, there were a large number of guards quickly assembled. They swarmed with weapons and rushed toward the little evil spirits. They soon fell into a melee.Most of these guards were martial artists, and the demon psychic division accounted for only a few tens of them. However, the demon spirits quickly merged the demon spirit and became the main force of the fighting.Flames dance, weapons crossThe most terrible, of course, is the most powerful abyssal troll! The abyss troll completely separated the enemy and the enemy, waved the Great Fire Sword, and squatted down with a sword. A towering mirage collapsed. The guards inside the squatters screamed and fell down from the tower.Dense arrows rain from all directions toward the abyss troll shootingThe whole scene is chaotic to the extremeYe Xiu and three black gold spirits have arrived on the scene. They have merged their demon spirits and are ready to fight."Ye Xiu, how do we do it?" One of the black gold spirits looked to Ye Xiu asked, this abyssal troll has no less than the existence of legendary spirits, but for the abyssal trolls to slow down, I am afraid The whole city government must be razed to the ground! “Imported toward the west, killing the enemy with a mine-strike!” Ye Xiu was silent for a moment, Shen Sheng said, this is the only way, otherwise the abyss trolls will definitely destroy the entire city! Read3();read4();