Shen Fei couldn't help but convulsed his mouth. He really didn't dare to fight with Nie Li. At that time, he was already beaten up by the genius on the platform, not to mention the strength of Nie Li was stronger than before.Shen Fei looked up and looked to the distant platform, hoping to get the support of the old mang Shen Hong, but Shen Hong looked gloomy and simply ignored it.See Shen Fei's move, Nie Centaur smiled, Shen Fei this soft egg, until now have not understood over, Ye Zong has spoken with Shen Hong so open, if Shen Hong shot, it is to suppress small Which of Shen Hong still has face to continue to sell? Nie Liyi enters this hall. It may seem arrogant and insulting. In fact, it is step by step. The reason why you have to step on Shen Fei is also to look at the sacred family and feel bad.The more provocative it is, the deeper the sacred family hates it, and may behave differently, revealing flaws.The glorious city of the past glories fell so quickly that it began to disintegrate from within. The sacred family was like a time bomb in the glorious city. It must be cleared first! Now whether it's the Alchemists Association or the Snow Family, they have started to guard against the Holy Family. It is time to challenge the Holy Family.“Nie Li and Shen Fei are the guests of the main government of my city. Do you do this and set my city's main government to where?”"I control you and your guests are not expensive guests. I just let him roll, and he rolls until he rolls!" Nie away scowled at Ye Han. "If you must intervene, then decide to bear the consequences first!" From the look of Zhang Yan, actually making Ye Han a bit annoyed, but Ye Han has just come back soon after all, a little unpredictable Nie from the end is what kind of identity, why even Ye Zong also so taboo, he finally decided to endure To avoid the edgeYe Han shrugged and went to the side stationEven Ye Han has retreated? In Shen Fei's heart, he suddenly became scared.“Isn't it fast?” Nie Li saw Ye Han retreat and glanced at Shen Fei."You remembered to me, I will find you sooner or later!" Shen Fei gave a cold grunt and turned to walk outside the hall.Shen Fei really rolled? The sons of the family were stunned to participate in the feast of the city, but they were so driven away that this shamefulness was lost.... The rest of the family’s children all felt ashamed to feel sympathetic to Shen Fei.Is this too soft? Nie Li's eyes collected from the back of Shen Fei's back, and then swept over the body of Ye Han. This cold leaf, deep and advancing, is the most difficult one to deal with! Why did Ye Xiumei not want to mention Ye Han in the past? Part of the reason Nie Li already knew, but Nie also had to make sure that Ye Han had already been the golden samurai teacher. It is reasonable to say that past lives will definitely participate in the final one. In the war, but Nie Li did not receive any news about whether Ye Han was killed or not.This is a mystery man! No matter how deep you hide, one day I will open everything and take a closer look at your details.After seeing Shen Fei driven away by Nie, Shen Hongzhuo stood up. Facing many family owners, his face was almost completely destroyed. Shen Fei’s bastard, even if Nie Lifan had a meal, how would it be? It's just not as good as a man. Isn't it possible for Nie to dare to kill everyone under the watchful eye? As a result, others make you roll, and you roll away? It is simply a kind! “The Lord of the Landlords, since the City of Lords does not welcome our sacred family, then we’ll go!” Shen Hong snorted and walked outside.Ye Zong naturally knew that Shen Hong was faceless and continued to stay here. She politely said, “Since this is why Shen Xiong, the young man’s slapstick, why should I put my heart on it, but since Shen’s brother is bent on going, we are also Don't stay, let Ye Xiu send you!""Shen Hong throws a sleeve and turns to leaveShen Fei and Shen Hong went out of the Ballroom of the Prefecture of the City Hall in tandemIf the owners of all worlds think deeply, and Shen Hung leaves his temper, Ye Zong does not even mean to retain. Does this seem to have some bad feelings? Every family owner has some long eyes. After that, it is best to make peace with the sacred family.Nie Li’s all goals were met as scheduled. Once he saw Huyan Lan’s look of admiration, his inner secret was bad."This banquet does not seem to mean anything, ah, Ziye, Dinger, let's go!" Nie looked back to Ye Zixi and Xiao Ningerdao."Ok"Ye Ziyun nodded and she didn't like it very much.Xiao Ninger naturally left with no suspense and Nie Li"Hey, Nie Li, are you leaving like this?" Huyan Lan shouted at the back of Nie Li.When you hear the voice of Huyan Lanruo, Nie Li hurriedly ran away. The sister of you, the devil, was there.Hu Yan Lan tried to recover if she tried to chase her, but she was dressed up and couldn't get up.Nie Li made a big noise in the feast of the main city hall. As a result, he patted the buttocks and left. The children of all the families also felt that the mood was unnerving. Only some people with special brains could see some of them, especially Chen Linjian, etc. People are all thoughtfulEveryone was thinking of each other. Although there was an episode in the middle of the banquet, it continued to be held, especially Ye Zong. The leaders of various families had quietly said many things. Until late at night, the banquet ended.Sacred Family Meeting RoomWith a banging sound, I saw Shen Hong slamming Shen Fei heavily and left a very red seal on Shen Fei’s face, directly dropping the Shen Fei fan on the ground."Father..." Shen Fei looked at Shen Hong with dread. From childhood to childhood, Shen Hong never beat him like he does today."Waste, why don't you die? When others let you roll you roll away? The face of the Holy Family is lost by you!" Shen Hong cursed furiously."Father, you haven't made a sound. I thought you..." "What are you? Do you have a long white head? Under that circumstance, can I get a shot? It's a bastard!" Shen Hong was furious. "We are sacred." How did the family make you such a waste!” Shen Fei was scolded and depressed to death. For Nie Li’s instigation, he hated it even more.In the face of Shen Hong, Shen Fei did not dare to breathe. No matter what Shen Hongyun was, he could only be silently affected.Shen Hong glanced at Shen Fei, and his heart sighed with regret. His divine family flourished for a while, but he did not even have a successor. If he could not continue to consolidate his position as a sacred family in his lifetime, wait a hundred years later. The sacred family will slowly decline, and when it comes time, the sacred family may no longer be one of the three great peak families."Let's fill it out. You listened to me. This time I forbade you from going out. The wind and snow family will surely watch us next. So you give me a stop, do you know?" Shen Hong scowled at Shen Fei. Road"Yes"Shen Fei hurriedly nodded and saw a glimmer of coldness in his eyes, Xiao Ning Er and Nie Li. I waited for the Holy Family to take over the position of the landlord and see how I tortured you."Shen Hong frowned and was noticed by the wind and snow family. It was definitely not a good thing. Originally, he could quietly arrange everything properly. When the family of Feng Xue reacts, I am afraid it is already late, but now, All this was shaken by this boy from Nie, and he was irritated and wanted to vomit blood and had to postpone some plans.Did Nie Zi’s kid’s behavior today be deliberate? Shen Hong's heart moved. Before Nie Li won so much money from the sacred family, the finance of the sacred family was suddenly stretched. It was also calculated in advance. If this is the case, Nie away from the kid's mind will be too deep, people have to prevent! City House, Ye Ziying's other homeYe Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er had already fallen asleep in the rooms of other hospitals. Nie Li stood alone in the garden quietly, practicing spiritual power.Soul power blends with heaven and earth, and the sea of ​​soul is slowly nourishedAfter practicing for a moment, Nie Li felt that his soul power had been significantly improved. Compared with many other powerful exercises, the practice of heaven and gods is indeed slower, but with the rubbish of the shining city. The practice method is better than the practice degree of the god of heaven. I don’t know how many times fasterNie slowly breathed a breath and looked to the side of the grass: "I have come so long, then come out!" I saw the shadow of the grass, a figure slowly appeared, it is Ye Zong“You really could feel my breath!” Ye Zongxin was depressed, and he obviously was a black gold level demon psychiatrist. He could actually be perceived by a silver five-star demon psychic, and that’s just what it was before him. When peeking, Nie Li is well awareNie from this guy, it's really a headache"As far as you have a black gold level, you also want to hide in front of me?" Nie grumbledWhat is it called? Are you on a black gold level? Does Nie Li know what kind of presence is the black gold class strong? In the city of glory, Ye Zong is second only to legendary demon psychic Ye Mo. "Since it came, talk about it, what happened?" Nie shrugged“Ye Han’s child, although he has a deeper understanding, his nature is not bad. I hope that you will live in peace in the future. As for the position of the city, I have planned to pass on the position of the landlord to the nephew!” said Ye Zong. This is the best choice Ye Zong can think of. If he is given a pass to Ye Han, I am afraid that Nie must be naughty on this side. If he passes it to Nie Li, the elders of the family of wind and snow will definitely not promise it.Only the nephew can balance, but the future conflicts are inevitable."This is correct, I said that the city is an adult, Zi Zhen is really your daughter?" Nie looked away from Ye Zong, askedYe Zongxi looked at Nie Li furiously and said: "Of course it is biological!" "Is that Ye Han your illegitimate child?" Nie Li continued to ask"What are you talking about?" Ye Zong is extremely annoyed. Nie left the kid and said nothing! "Since Zi Zi is your own child, Ye Han is not your illegitimate child, so why don't you want to inherit the position of the landlord to Zi Zi?" Nie departed from the eyebrows and picked it up.Hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zong fell into a long silence. After a moment, he shook his head and sighed: “You don’t understand, parents’ hardships!” “Oh? What difficulties, I would like to know more!” Micro-motion, looking to Ye Zong said that after all, he had not much contact with Ye Zong in his previous life. He only got a few words from Ye Zi’s mouth, and he was naturally curious about some ideas of Ye Zong.Eh huh, the update of the snail's new book period is already very fast. It is nearly 400,000 words in one and a half months. Brothers and sisters, vote for the snails.