Everyone's eyes fell on this bracelet and they took a sniff."It turned out to be an ice bracelet!" "Good things!" The ice bracelet was created by the millennium cold jade, but the craftsmanship was lost during the dark years, and very few ice bracelets were handed down.The ice jade bracelet has a very large effect on cultivation, which can greatly avoid deviations during cultivation and can effectively moisten the soul sea.Seeing this ice jade bracelet, Nie left his eyes bright, and this ice jade bracelet is a magical use for Ye Zixuan, who is a queen of ice and snow."Ye Han brother, I can't accept such a giftYe Ziyun shook his headYe Han looked on the spot and he did not stick out with his ice bracelet hand.Everyone has a delicate relationship between Ye Han and Ye Zixuan.At this moment, Nie Li suddenly broke his voice, broke the ripples, and reached out and took the ice jade bracelet from Ye Han's hand. He laughed, “It’s so embarrassing to have such a precious gift.Then I accepted it on behalf of my family, Ziye, thank you! "Ye Han feels empty in his hand. The ice bracelet in his hand is gone. Nie's hand is too fast. It's just a grab! His eyebrows can't help pumping, Ye Han's brother? What is your place?" Came out, Ye Han big brother is also your name? Your family's purple? Who is your home? Nie away from this guy is too shameless! "This is ... ..." Ye Han looked next to the Nie Li“He is my friend!” Ye Zixuan also reluctantly wanted to stomp his feet, and Nie Li would be too shy, too familiar.She still hasn’t said that she wants to receive ice bracelets. As a result, Nie Lixian’s help was given to her. Really.Nie Licai does not care about these things. If there is such a large amount of money, why does it not take up so much? Although Nie Li does not quite understand the details of Ye Han’s tactics, but since the other party sent him, why not accept it? As for human feelings, friends will only talk about human feelings. If you are a stranger, what will you do? From the subtle attitude change between Ye Han and Ye Zixuan, Nie Li can guess the relationship between the two sides. It seems that Ye Han has been giving his best to Ye Zixie, but Ye Zixuan has refusedThis will not, this kid is playing the idea of ​​Ye Zixuan? If so, Ye Han will certainly die bad! After living for so many years, Nie Li is also a fine man. This leaf is extremely gifted and talented, looks so handsome, and is graceful and courteous. It feels like a perfect person, but it is perfect, but there are some problems.In Nie Li’s eyes, as a family member, like Chen Linjian, it’s true character.In mind, Nie thought of a possibility. He learned that Ye Zong’s intention to allow Ye Han to assume the position of the landlord and Ye Han’s performance was so perfect that he was probably paving the way for himself.Ye Han is not the real family of Feng Xue. After all, he really wants to succeed the city. He has to go through the consent of all the elders in the family.The wind and snow family's elders will certainly not agree that an outsider succeeds the city. However, if Ye Han’s wife Ye Zixi is married, then it’s not the same.I don’t know if I’m guessing right, but I’m afraid I guess at least **After hearing Ye Zixuan’s words, Ye Han’s heart sank, his eyes slightly chilled and swept by the side of Nie Li’sNie Li felt keenly that the hostility and soul-sensing ability in the eyes of Ye Han had always been the strongest place in Nie, and Ye Han’s actions could not escape his eyes. Hey, hidden no matter how good, there would always be flaws. When you want to play, I will play with you“Nie Li, today I am completely convinced to you!” Next to the Chen Linjian Nie left vertical thumbs upNie was not really covered by this kid. He was surrounded by two beautiful girls. One of them was grabbed by Shen Fei’s hand, and the other was simply grabbing people under Ye Han’s hands. Knowing that there are two women from Nie, Hu Yan Lan keeps going up.Really the benefits have been exhausted by NieThe next to Shen Fei is simply the forehead blue veins exposed, Xiao Ninger stood behind Nie Li, so that he looked at how to look dazzling"Nie Li, is this where you come from?" Shen Fei grunted. "I haven't been to this kind of occasion before, but you're dressed like a country boy."The children of the next few families have come out with low laughter.Ye Zong looked away from Nie's distant place and pondered for a moment. The sacred family was a cancer of the glorious city. If it continues, once the tidal wave comes or the Dark Society attacks, it may be too late to find a solution. Let the family of Feng Xue completely resolve to eliminate the sacred familyIt seems that I have to play this wicked person and stir up the contradictions between the sacred family and the Feng Xue family. Nie can't help but thinkWhen I was born again, the repairs were not yet enough to crush everything, but some things were already waiting and I had to do it."I say how this smells like this. It was Shen Dazao's presence here. What happened? The last time I was taught was not bad enough? Want to have fun?" Nie looked away from his eyebrows, his eyes suddenly became sharp and his right hand suddenly pulled out陨 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷! From the point of view, it is simply a matter of saying that if you turn your face and turn your face, the terror that was released in that moment of terror will make all the family members of your family shudder."You..." Shen Fei saw Nie's aloof gaze, was scared, and joking, and now he dared to play against Nie? The last time you have lost enough, he does not want to come againNot to mention Shen Fei. The other family's children were also shocked. They never expected that Nie actually dared to be so arrogant in the city hall.Ye Ziyan also stumbledXiao Lier was impressed to watch Nie Li and Nie Li and Shen Fei for the holiday. They were all raised up because of her.What they do not know is that Nie Li is intentionalA small Shen Fei is still worthy of Nie from doing this. Nie Li's goal is the entire sacred family! "Shen Fei, I put the words here, and if you dare to tangled up with Dinger, believe it or not, I used the sword of Scorpio, Lei Jian, to smash you this man!" Nie was staring coldly. Shen Fei, he naturally knows clearly what Shen Fei is doing. He doesn’t know how many good young girls were deceived by him.Ye Han frowned slightly, even if Nie had a holiday with Shen Fei, but in the main banquet hall in the city, the move was too generous.“Nie Li, you don’t forget, this is the ballroom of the city’s main palace, and you cannot let it be here!” Ye Han replied, he looked up and looked at Ye Zong in the distance. After all, he was just the son of Ye Zong. Now, at this critical time, he can't shoot Nie away, and Ye Han doesn't want Ye Zixuan to have some opinion of himself, so Ye Zong is the most suitable person to use.However, Ye Zong in the distance seems to be totally unaware of the situation on this side."I'm in the ballroom of the castle's main palace. What happened? The adults of the city did not speak. Which room gave you an opportunity to speak? You first recognized me for your identity. The City of Lords is not yet yours!" said Nie Li, It was so loud that the entire ballroom could be heardAfter hearing Nie Li’s words, there were a few strange looks on the faces of all the family’s children.Ye Han face slightly changed, Nie Li's words just poked his sore spot, his eyes swept over Ye Ziyan's face, some doubts in his heart, is it that the words are purple sister Xie Yi Nie Li told? No, Zi Zi’s sister has always been indiscriminate, it should be Nie’s own opinion.Ye Zixuan pulled Lai Ni away anxiously. Nie Li really dared to say anything. Isn't this trapping her unjust? "I..." Ye Zixi is thinking to talk“I put the words here today, and you are not the nephew of the family of Feng Xue. If you are a foreigner, you don’t want to be the main gate of the city.This is the place of the landlord, Zi Yan does not want to be the case, as well as me, and finally it's your turn! If you were the owner of the city, I will lift the city's main office. What I said was done! “Nie Li’s words suddenly shocked all the family’s children.Nie Li wants to compete for a place in the city? However, Nie Lie's surname is Nie, and the Feng Xuexue family can hardly make it up. Is it just a madman? Dare to say in the Ballroom of the City Hall that the city's main government was lifted, I am afraid only Nie can do it.“Immediately, this kind of madman is not taught!” The sacred family's owner Shen Hong yelled, and the soul suddenly emerged through the body.Ye Zong did not understand how Shen Hong wanted to take the opportunity to kill Nie Li. He could not have made such a thing happen, and he did not say that Nie was too important for the City of Glory. Shen Hong wanted to Nie Li’s death, the Association of Alchemists did not agree, and the strong person behind Nie’s would not agree.Even if Nie Li went too far, Ye Zong would maintain Nie Li. Although he did not expect Nie to do anything, Ye Zong’s heart was actually ready.Even though Nie Li seems to be greatly jealous and unrestrained, it only gives people the appearance of nothing.In fact, Nie Li’s thought is meticulous. Otherwise, it is impossible to go to the present step by step.Nie Li’s behavior was so arrogant that I was afraid it was intentional.Shen Hong’s soul moved away from Nie and wanted to strangle Nie directly. At this time, Ye Zong’s soul power was suddenly shot.Hung, two souls were struck together and had a violent explosion. The sweeping waves gave the tables and chairs next to them to go out.Ye Zong smiled calmly, and said to Shen Hong: “The young generations are fighting each other. It’s a common thing. If we, the older generation, rush in, it’s just bullying and it’s not so good. “!” At this time, Shen Hong’s blood was churning and his face was pale. He looked at Ye Zong, but he saw Ye Zong’s expression of calm, and there was no trace of it.Shen Hong secretly scared, also reached the peak of the black gold level demon psychic master, did not expect Ye Zong's cultivation, actually so much higher than him“I am not able to understand this kid’s arrogance in the feast of the city government. This is a detriment to the dignity of the Lord of the City. However, since the Lord of the Landlord is not seeking, what can Shen say?” Indifferently, he calmed down the blood“If Shen Hong’s predecessors dared to move Nie away, don’t say Lord of the City, and even my Association of Alchemists did not agree."Only heard the next one sound faintly, it is the noble and beautiful side of Yang XinShen Hong looked slightly changed, Lengheng a cry, Ye Zong pressure him, no problem, and now you even a junior to threaten me? However, despite his dissatisfaction, Shen Hong did not dare to say anything. After all, Yang Xin is now the director of the Association of Alchemists, and now the Association of Alchemists has not been compared to the past, and has become a giant that nobody dares to confront against the enemy."Since the directors of Yang said everything, I wouldn’t intervene."Shen Hong said coldly