“Before the nephew, the talent was not high, and it was probably the limit to reach the black gold and two stars in their lifetime. It is reasonable to say that the black-gold star and the black-gold two-star level demon psychic teacher is quite good for ordinary people.But as a city owner, it is still too muchThis kind of repair, but took the place of the landlord, the future must be exhausted"When I heard Ye Zong's words, Nie Li nodded slightly.“And I am a city-owner. Of course I know the sufferings of the city. Although I have the supreme power, my wife and children are unable to take care of them. As a result, her mother died of illness. I can't help but swear. It is also inconceivable"Ye Zong sighed and said, "Although I often urge my nephew to practice, she wants to be able to protect her when she meets the evil beast. I would rather she be an ordinary person.""" As a family member of the wind and snow family, do you think she can, as you would expect, be an ordinary person? You can push Ye Han into the position of the city. You have the capacity of the people. But can the elders of the family of wind and snow tolerate the position of a foreign surname to sit steadily in the landlord? You think too simple! Nie Li said mercilesslyYe Zong opened his mouth. Didn't he think of this? However, he still has to do his part"If Yeh was talented, if he could cultivate to the five-star level of black gold, then no one would dare to say anything!" Ye Zong said, "But since it has now become such a thing, there is no way to do it. Out of talent and cultivation, not to mention the future is a black gold star, and into the realm of legend is also possible!" What legendary realm, you are too small to see your daughter, Nie Li smiled, but did not say thatYe Zong looked at Nie Li and said: "In this matter, I still have to thank you. If it weren't for you, Zi Xiu's cultivation was absolutely impossible to break into the silver five-star in such a short time."While it was awkward with Nie Li, Ye Zong's attitude is still quite sincere."Of course"Nie away smiled proudly." Yeah, leave my daughter to me, and you can rest assured! “After hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zong’s face was instantly darkened. Nie Lie’s words were taken up for the cheap, and his daughter was handed over to you. That’s why he had to agree with him! Ye Zong’s attitude took a slight turn. Some changes, because after contacting Nie for such a long time, Ye Zong discovered that although Nie Li’s work was a little more publicized, it was not so unreliable. Under the appearance of publicity, Nie Li’s thoughts were extremely deep, and Zi Yan’s thoughts were very deep. If you follow Nie Li, you need not worry about losing at leastIf Nie deviates from the character, if someone confuses Nie Li, it will be a bad thing."Nie Li, I told you to make it clear. If Zi Tong agreed to be with you, then of course I have no opinion. If she does not agree, if you bully her, then don't blame me for being polite!" SoundedAfter hearing Ye Zong’s words, Nie left his eyes bright, it seems that Lao Zhang’s people are reluctant to leave. This is a big improvement.After all, Ye Zong answered him before: None of the doors! As for Ye Zixuan's side, it can only come slowly. After all, feelings are cultivated slowly.Ye Zong thought of something. Suddenly his face sank. He looked at Nie Li and said: “Nie Li, you know, what you are doing today is afraid that you have already made a mistake.From the attitude of our sacred families, we can absolutely see that we have been wary of them.In fact, Ye Zong had already begun to arrange his staff to keep a close eye on the sacred family.Nie Lie, this evening, told the Holy Family that they had been watched.“Do you have any idea?” Ye Zong looked at Nie Li and Nie Li was not as reckless as doing things."Although you send people to stare at the sacred family, but with the old fox of Shen Hong, you will not leave any flaws. You want to find evidence of the sacred family colluding with the dark guild. It is very difficult.The reason why the sacred family has never been involved is that it is certainly not enough to prepare for it now. If the sacred family is fully prepared and hands-on, the harm to the City of Glory will be greater.Simply using the power of the wind and snow family to suppress the sacred family, the sacred family will inevitably understand what, and at that time it will surely be a fierce counterattack, exposing even greater flaws.“Nie Li said that he was just trying to get the ducks on the shelf so that the family of Feng Xue could not escape from the road.”"Since you have already done so, do we have other alternatives?" Ye Zong said gloomily, and Nie Li said, it would be a method.He really wants to force a sacred family and see if the sacred family is really rebellious. After all, the Association of Alchemists has already indicated its attitude. The family of wind and snow cannot completely fail to do it."The sacred family is in charge of the city walls on the west. We must beware that they are using the power of the wicked beasts, so the construction of the genie demon spirits must be accelerated.“Nie Li said that before the family of Feng Xue completely broke with the sacred family, he had to practice as quickly as possible to the gold level, so that even if facing the masters of the Holy Family, he also had the power to fight.At this time, he must remind Ye Zong. The sacred family of the previous world put the Wicked Animal into the glorious city, and only then destroyed the city of glory."With the power of Wicked beasts?" Ye Zong suddenly shot in the eyes of a cold light, with the power of the Wicked Animal that is simply playing with fire **, once the sacred family put the Wicked Animals come in, then the wind and snow family have to drop the grasshopper rootsYe Zong absolutely does not allow anyone to threaten the safety of the entire city of glory.“The sacred families are deeply ingrained in the city of glory, and most of the residents of the City of Glory do not recognize the true features of the sacred family. Once the sacred families are determined to rebel, the consequences are very serious, so we must be prepared for it."Nie left Shen Shen momently." In addition, before the sacred family is supported by the Dark Guild, it must eliminate all influences at the earliest speed. Otherwise, the glorious city will be in danger."Ye Zong slightly beheaded. After today's party, Nie Li, picked up the contradiction. Ye Zong has already formulated a set of proposals. Naturally, he does not need to know that he understands."Nie is a kid, if the wind and snow family really fights with the Holy Family, there are things I have to help you with.""whats the matter? "" Take the children to avoid this battle"Ye Zong said that he understands that if the glorious city really broke out in the civil war, the sacred family will certainly not be tied up, but it will be the biggest weakness in Ye Zong's heart.Nie Li has a saying that is correct. Although Ye Zonggong is selfless and treats Ye Han as his own, there are some differences between his own and non-brothers."Let's rest assured that you leave your daughter with me. Even if I lose, I will not suffer from Zi Zi!" Nie Li took a picture of Ye Zong's shoulders.Ye Zong smiled and said: “I hope you can say it!” Nie Li discussed with Ye Zong and formulated some plans to deal with the Holy Family.The moon star is thin and Ye Zong comes out of Ye Ziying’s other homes and walks toward his own home. In order to deal with the sacred family in the recent period, he has to start busy again.In the moonlight, Ye Han slowly came out of the shadows: "Beháh met his father."" Osamu, how are you here? "Ye Zong stopped for a moment"Father, the baby has something to say"Ye Han was silent for a moment"Ye Han, I..." Ye Zong also had a thousand words to say to Ye Han."Father, I know you are very good to me. I am like my own.If it weren’t for you, I’m afraid that I’ve starved to death on that street. I’m unable to repay this kindness. Even if I let Ye Han pay for my life, I’m not at it.""Ye Han..." Ye Zong Zhang Kou wants to explain to Ye HanYe Han shook his head and revealed a painful look: "My father, I understand.I did not have to fight for the position of the Lord of the City. Although I had always liked the Purple Dragonfly since I was a child, I also understand that I was of a low birth rate and I was not able to afford it.""Can't say that, you are talented, and in time, you can achieve the black gold level."My father Ye Mo was also a civilian..." Ye Zong said, "As for you, I like to listen to you for the first time. You are a brother and sister with Zi Zi..." Ye Han stood in the moonlight. Next, quietly, desolate and desolate, he shook his head and said: "My father, you don't have to explain it. I understand it.I am willing to withdraw from the competition of the landlord, and give the position of the landlord to Ziye.From now on, I will do my best to practice, will not live up to your expectations, and strive to become the right armMy father, I will say goodbye..." After the words, Ye Han slightly covered and turned away.Looking at Ye Han’s back, Ye Zong sighed deeply. Ye Han’s child, everything else was good, he was too clever, and he was too inexperienced.It is estimated that from what happened tonight, Ye Han already understands that he is afraid he can no longer compete for the position of the city.I hope Ye Han can adjust his attitude as soon as possibleA few days after the feudal government dinner, the situation of the sacred family seems to be turningThe family of wind and snow suddenly suppressed the sacred family from all sides, so that the sacred family felt a great oppression. Every family found that after the suppression of the sacred family, the family of Feng Xue had cleared up the relationship with the sacred family.Just kidding, what kind of existence is there? The five most recent city owners of the City of Glory were from the family of wind and snow. Ye Moi, the patron saint of the City of Glory, also belonged to Ye Jiazhong, although they were among the family of Feng Xuexue.The family of Feng Xue has an irreplaceable position. For hundreds of years, it has continuously absorbed the genius of the civilians in the glorious city, making the family of Feng Xue become a monster.The wind and snow family will rarely take the initiative to suppress a family. This suppression of the sacred family is simply an unprecedented event. Which family can dare to blend? The sacred family was miserable, the family business had plummeted, and the military power in the Guards Corps was gradually stripped. However, the children of all sacred families were gradually cleared out of the Guards.However, although the wind and snow family suppressed the sacred family, they did not find out about the sacred family, but only put their surveillance under house arrest.Although Ye Zong collected evidence of some sacred families colluding with the Dark Guild, the evidence is not comprehensive. If Feng Xue family destroys a family with only some suspicion, it is feared that all families in the glorious city will chill their hearts.Er er er, continue to say under the demon god of the comics it, demon god of the comics is really very beautiful, is the snail personally with the team to do, absolutely authentic, see Ye Zixuan and condensate of the beautiful map, snail heart is turned, Everyone hundred degrees * "Demon God comic book" can be seen in many platforms