Nie Li said that if the sacred family finds trouble with Nie Li, does it mean that the family of the Holy World is a villain? Regardless of Shen Xiu and Shen Yue, they were almost vomited by NieYe Zizhen could not help but take a look at Nie Li. I did not expect Nie to be so brave enough to dare to sin against the sacred family of one of the three great peak families in the glorious city. In the most recent period, Nie Li’s series of moves have made it impossible for him to ignore him. Existence ofYe Zixi's heart was somewhat curious about Nie Li. What kind of person is Nie in the end? As for Xiao Ning'er, when listening to Nie Li’s use of sharp words to point to the pains of the sacred family, one can not help but feel happy because her family always wanted to marry her into the sacred family. Her heart was very inconsistent. At first she did not feel good about the Holy Family.Hearing Shen Xiu and Shen Yue from Nie Li and Shen Yue were speechless, while playing rogue again, they could not help but could not resist.At the same time, she also deeply admired Nie Li. What profound knowledge is necessary to see at a glance the origin of Chi Yan's Yanming Yanming? When Nie Yi and other people were wasting time, Nie Li has been reading books.Outside this classroom, Lu Ye hurried over and handed the Holy Fire Code to the elderly.Vice President Ye Sheng frequently pays attention to the appearance of the elderly person in the grey robeThe old man in the grey robe turned the thunder and fire script to the sixth painting on page 30. He saw the Leihuo Mingwen and then compared the red flame Yanming pattern.Ye Sheng did not dare to speak up. This is definitely a scandal of the sacred family. It involves the high level of the shining city. In this matter, he dared not say anything.The old man in the grey robe looked at the Holy Fire Code. The text above was very complicated. Even he only knew a few of them. Nie was so profound in his knowledge that he was shocked and silent for a moment: “Nie left this student. How is the talent?” Ye Sheng looked at Lu Ye. For a little-known student, it is impossible for a vice president to understand so much.Lu Ye hurriedly said: "I just reviewed it. He only has a red soul sea."The old man in the grey-gown nodded his head: "It's a pity that this scholar has learned many talents, but unfortunately the talent is not very good. Otherwise, the future is immeasurable. Ye Sheng, arrange him with a deacon! ""Yes! "Ye Sheng quickly nodded his head, and he knew that the old man in the gray robe played the heart of love, although Nie had a poor talent, but he was knowledgeable and could even read the Holy Scriptures. When a collection deacon happens to be more Study various booksEverybody in the shining city pays attention to the cultivation of his own exercises, but few people calm down and study ancient books.This arrangement was also done to protect Nie Li because the deacons of the museum were doing things in Shenglan College. The sacred family could not suppress Nie fromHowever, Nie will be afraid of the sacred family's suppression? If it is a past life, Nie Li will definitely fear the end of fear and shun the sacred family. However, in this world, Nie Li will not endure.The grudges of past lives, Nie Li are also recorded in the accounts, but also with the sacred family slowly! Shen Xiu looked at Nie Li in a grieving manner. She hated Nie away and hated it to the extreme. Her voice was cold: “I will remember it in today's business!” Shen Xiu is a must-have person. As a teacher of Nie Li, she Of course there are many ways to find Nie's troubleHey, Nie was a smirk. As a mentor, actually threatening students in class is really unethical! Even if the sacred family does not find him, he will take the initiative to find the sacred family! It was only the first time it was a confrontation. Nie also had a lot of backhands, but not all of them showed up. Now his strength is not enough. He can't offend the sacred family too much. After all, it is one of the three peak families of the City of Glory. Nie Li understands that he urgently needs to improve his strength.Next, Shen Xiu did not have any thoughts to continue the lectures and hurriedly ended the course.The course of this class was soon spread among the students. It was passed on to its gods. The sacred family, who had always been elevated above, was once smugly scraped by a mouth, regardless of how the sacred family concealed it. The spirit of the spirit teacher's code of ethics will be spurned by a group of demon gurus.The sacred family simply treated Nie Li as a thorn in their eyes. However, they did not dare to do anything to Nie. On the contrary, once Nie had left any problems, everyone would doubt that the sacred family would be so blatant that they would not dare to do it. , after all, the sacred family is not in the city of gloryAfter this time, the prestige of the sacred family was greatly impaired. It was said that when the sacred family’s family visited Ye Zixuan’s father, the City of Glory, he was rejected.For Nie Li, this is undoubtedly an exciting thingAlthough I do not know how to approach Ye Zixuan, it is also a matter of delight to break the wedding of Shen Yue and Ye Zixuan.After today’s incident, Shen Yue’s image in Ye Zi’e’s heart has also been reduced a lot.Shen Xiu's sharp voice came out“Ye Sheng’s dean, Nie Li has no respect for this student. He brazenly challenged his tutor in the classroom. He was extremely bad to the extreme. I asked Vice President Ye Sheng to approve and treat him as a withdrawal!” Shen Xiu said excitedly.Even if there is no such big man, Nie Li has a wealth of knowledge of the demon spirit, even if the future can not be a powerful spirit teacher, it may become a big man's guest guest, such a student Ye Sheng will be able to expel it? What's more, Nie Li was praised by the great man. However, Shen Xiu was a sacred family. Still, she wanted to sell some face. Ye Sheng smiled and said: "This matter, I will consider whether or not to let a student drop out of school. Greatly influenced"" Vice President Ye Sheng, what can be considered, I asked to immediately leave Nie to withdraw from school, or I cannot teach this lesson! "Shen Xiu said with great joyYe Sheng eyes flash, Shen Xiu this woman is also too unaware that advance and retreat, he smiled and said: "In that case, I transferred you to other classes, how?" Shen Xiu slightly surprised, she thought Ye Sheng how much Sold to the sacred family with some face, but from the tone of Ye Sheng, she heard some meaning. Ye Sheng decided to maintain Nie Li. If she was transferred to other classes, she would not be able to find Nie Li. TroublesomeShen Xiuxin cursed Ye Shengyu and had to swallow it. "That's not necessary.Today even this matterTwo months later it was the martial arts test. If the martial arts apprenticeship ranks in the top three in the countdown, then Vice President Ye Sheng did not say anything? According to the rules of the Holyland College, the last three are to be withdrawn! "" That's fine! "Ye Shenghe smiledShen Xiu groaned and turned to fallAfter seeing Shen Xiu leave, Ye Sheng’s eyes flashed with a hint of chill. Shen Xiu was a sacred member of his family.Ye Sheng thought for a moment. Even if Nie Li's score is even worse, Nie Li’s profound knowledge will not be able to count down to the third.Even if it counts down to the third and is dropped out of school, the big man is probably going to take Nie Li away.At this time, on the third floor of the school library, there were many small rooms for the students of the Shenglan College. But now, it has become a base for the activities of Nie Li and others, because Nie Li has just accepted the San The appointment of Lan College became the deacon of the Holyland College LibraryWhen a deacon has nothing to do, he can receive more than 300 demon coins every month. The act of hiring Nie Li from St. Lan College was somewhat strange, but Nie Lichao understood it with a bit of thought. The high school of Shenglan College was protecting him from the suppression of the Holy Family! Although the deacons of the collections are not large, they are the deacons of Shenglan College after all. Even if they are sacred, they have to scruple for some influence.In this matter, Nie Li is also very grateful to the high school of Shenglan College.Vice President Ye Sheng did not know that he had arranged a collection deacon for Nie Yi because of a word of that big man. How much benefit will he bring to Shenglan College in the future?"Nie Li, will you be offending the sacred family this way? Wouldn't it be better?" Duze said in silence for a moment, he was a more cautious person."If you manage him well, you're cool."Liao Wakao grinned and saw Shen Xiu's face was discouraged. He was very happy. Anyway, he always looked at this woman is not happyNie looked at Duzer and nodded. "I know what I'm thinking! In the past few days, we don't even have to go to class. It's estimated that Shen Xiuzhen will be forgiven."Since Nie Di said so, Du Ze would not say anything.At this time, in addition to Du Ze and Lu Piao, Nie Li’s side was divided into three other civilian practitioners. They were people who were standing behind with Nie Li. Their talent was also not good. Only the Red SoulsFor these three civilians, Wei Nan, Zhu Xiangjun, Zhang Ming, and Nie Li were relatively trustworthy. In the past life, they were all right-handed assistants of Duze. The relationship with Nie Li was not very good, but he was very loyal to Du. Zeh-chih-hung, the city of glory destroying that battle, and fighting with Daze, are bloody good brothers! This time, this small group of them has already been led by Nie Li."I just bought more than 6,000 demon coins and bought six primary soul crystals. Next I'll test your physique!" Nie looked away at them."Test the constitution? Didn't we have already tested it when we entered school?" asked Duzer questioningly.Nie Li smiled mysteriously and said, "My test is not the same as them!" Everyone has some doubts. Since the founding of the City of Glory, this method has been used. Their soul power has been determined. What do you want to test? A primary soul crystal but more than a thousand demon coins it! Nie suddenly bought six! However, the profound knowledge demonstrated by Nie Li made them convinced that they were convinced of Nie Li."The soul crystals that are not used are generally the most sensitive. If you only test one person's soul, it will be very accurate. Once more than two people repeat the use of a primary soul crystal, the primary soul crystal will receive Interference can only barely detect the level of soul sea and the strength of soul power."Nie Li said with a smile"What can we detect in addition to the level and soul power of the soul sea?"“The attributes of the soul sea, and the form of the soul sea!” Nie said with a smile.Duze, Lu Piao and others face each other and Nie Li said, it sounds very profound~~ Brothers and sisters, snails for recommendation support! ! !