Indeed, all the conditions of Ye Han are excellent. It is impeccable.And if Ye Han was the one, Hu Yan Lan had seen it when he was thirteen years old, and his heart was secretly admired, but why did she now flinch? “Standards will change!” Huyan Lanruo’s mind flashed a figure. Since the last incident, Huyan Yan was a bit unforgettable, but Nie had been hiding from her and she was very upset.Later I heard that Nie lived in the city’s main office."It must be Ye Zixuan's little fox took him away. I wouldn't believe it. If I call on Yan Lan to see the man, he can't make him run!" Hu Yan Lan thought in a discouraged way, proudly standing upright.By the way, the city owner? Do you know that Nie will not attend this banquet? "If you go to see it, no harm!" Hu Yanlan thought for a moment, and turned to call on Xi Yanxiong. "Well, I'll go, I won't be able to control me if I want to do anything!" "Daughter, you're not going to put it." Isn't it a party? You don’t want to be impulsive. We’re still not going to this banquet."Hu Yanxiong did not expect Hu Yanlan to turn so fast, he felt a bit embarrassed, thought of something, and he said quicklyFor Huyan Lanruo’s temper, he didn’t know it. He took such a thing out of the Lord’s feast and she could really do it."The banquet of the main city of Fuzhou? Is your daughter like me a shrew?" Huyan Lan looked at Hu Yanxiong.Hu Yan-hsiung almost nodded, and quickly shook his head, shouting the character of Lan Ruo, no different from her mother.For a moment, Hu Yan-Lan turned from a sly look to the look of a small bird. He coyly kissed him. “How can you say this to me? I’m a beautiful girl! I must dress up beautifully, let all the men that attended the banquet see me, will never look to other women again! "If that is finished, if Hu Yan Lan hums a little song, walk toward his mortuaryLooking at the back of Huyan Lanruo, Hu Yan-hsiung gave a brief glimpse, and then he smiled. He only asked Huyan if he did not mess up the feudal party’s banquet. This daughter couldn’t control him anyway.Hu Yanxiong and Ye Zong were brothers who had grown up together. They were born and died together. It was Ye Zong's right-hand man. The entire Huyan family was also one of the firmest supporters of Feng Xue’s family. Hu Yan was not too worried.After experiencing the previous melee, the entire city of glory was in a very tense state. The garrison strength in various important areas was more than several times normal. It was reported that the city’s main government was attacked by the Dark Society, and all the residents of the City of Glory were inhabited. I felt some panic. After all, the Dark Society had never dared to be as arrogant as it is now.In addition to ordinary civilians, all families are in a state of tension. Ye Zong’s convening of various families to hold a banquet is to relieve the current atmosphere on the one hand, and on the other hand, it is to send messages to various families.So at this banquet, every family must have sent a very important person on the spot.Ye Ziyan's other yardNie Li has regained consciousness. Although there is still some weakness, there is basically no problem. Nie Li is very clear about his situation. The soul power is sucked away. It takes a few days at the fastest to slowly recuperate. This time it turned out to be It took me three or five days to recover.Feel the soul power in the body, although much less than before, but more refined and refined"Perhaps it is the reason for the pages of the book“Nie Li thought that the Book of Space and Demon Spirit had a very magical power. He had always kept the pages of the Book of Demon Spirits in close contact with him. When he strangled the Abyssal Troll, Nie also felt the devil in space and time. The energy released by the pages of Spirit Book moistens its soul.When Nie Wei wakes up, Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ninger are all standing next to each other. This leaves Nie away a bit embarrassed, but also some moving.“Haha, good morning, this sleep is sound enoughNie Li waved and waved at Ye Zixi and Xiao Ning'er.“In the morning, it’s almost night"Ye Ziyun had a glimpse of Nie Li and he groaned, but when he saw Nie lived like a tiger, Ye Zixuan's heart was finally stretched.Seeing that Nie had awakened, Xiao Ning'er was very happy, but he stared deeply at Nie LiAlthough in a coma, Nie Li clearly knows how long the time has passed. Perhaps this is a habit developed in the past, and that kind of perception cannot be explained by common sense.Nie jumped from the bed and turned around."The strength has recovered to more than 80% of the peak, and the degree of conciseness of the soul is even better than before. There is no problem at all."Nie left himself secretly thinkingSince Nie was so busy, he thought there should be no problem. After a moment of silence, Ye Zixuan said: “I’ve come back this evening with my elder brother Ye Han. I’m going to the party to help him catch the dust, so I’ll stay and take care of you.After that, Ye Zixie turned to leave, thinking only that Nie Li would have to be alone with Xiao Ning'er, and his heart was slightly sour and sour.Why do you have to go away? Ye Ziqin asked himself, but she did not answerYe Han? Nie Li carefully recalled the communication between past life and Ye Zixuan. Among them, the information on Ye Han was extremely rare. Nie Li only knew that Ye Han was the adoptive son of Ye Zong. He grew up with Ye Zixuan and others. I do not knowNie Li can not understand why the previous life did not mention the matter of leaf cold Ye Zixuan? Recalling the last battle of the glorious city of the past, Nie Liang had no memory of Ye Han. This person seems to have never seen it! A mysterious guy! “It was such a lively party that we wouldn’t allow us to participate. Ye Zixuan, you’re too loyal to it."Nie left his left hand hooking Dinger's neck and hooking his right hand on Ye Zixuan." "Hey, go, everyone is fun!" Xiao Lier was a bit unnatural, but he readily accepted it. Nie Li was such a person."Nie away, let go of your hand or I will fight with you."This is Ye Zi's angry voice"Hey, you're too stingyAh...” Nie felt a pain in his waist and he screamedCity Hall, Reception Hall, DinnerIn a staggered manner, Ye Zong’s high-levels from several top families and wealthy families chatted quietly in the hall. Young people chatted with each other in the middle of the hall. The young masters from various families came and there were fifty or sixty people. As manyAmong the young people in the middle of the hall, Ye Han is undoubtedly the most eye-catching one, surrounded by everyone."Ye Han, long time no see!" Chen Lin said his hands and arms and looked at Ye Han. Although he was slightly younger than Ye Han, he was the only one who was not weaker than Ye Han."Yeah, it's been two years!" Ye Han politely smiled."In two years, it was really impossible to move from Gold One Star to Gold Samsung!""Shen less than awardAlthough he is surrounded by everyone, Ye Han has always been a calm and indifferent appearance. His gaze sweeps the crowd and he seems to be searching for something. Calm and cold, he has drawn attention from the families of the surrounding families.I have to say that Ye Han is indeed an ideal companion for girls of all families.Since Ye Han has never married his wife, some girls even waited for their ages, and they still refused to marry.At this moment, the crowd suddenly heard a commotion. A young girl in a gorgeous dress walked from the entrance to the section. This moment, as if all the eyes of the entire hall were focused on her alone.There is no beautiful face that is not exquisite, just like a heavenly person. The noble and elegant long skirt squats on the floor. The delicate fragrant shoulders are exposed in the air.Some families have seen their eyes straight"All said that Hu Yanjia's daughter is a tigress, but that is only a sexy tigress!" Although Hu Yan Lan was called a tigress, the elegant temperament that was occasionally revealed was also amazing."If you can get me to this tigress, even if you become a husband and wife like Hu Yanxiong, then it is worth it!" Even the cold leaves have always been indifferent, could not help but look bright, showing the slightest appreciation of colorHu Yanlan walked slowly and gracefully to the middle of the hall. Some family members around him gave Huyan Lanruo the way.In the younger generation, the most influential people, Ye Han, Chen Linjian, and Shen Fei, are behind Huyan Lan Ruo.In addition to their own talents, they are the successors of the family and represent the family behind them. This is the power of power."Ye Han brother, long time no see"Huyan Yan nodded slightly toward Ye Han."“Long time no see, I remember when I left, Lan Ruo was still a young and tender girl. I didn’t expect it to be so beautiful in two years."Ye Han Ha Long smiledThe women of a few families around looked at Huyan Lanruo and could not help but cast a sly gaze. Whether it was appearance or family life, if they were compared with Huyan Lan, they would all be inferior.I remember that in the 12-year-old years, Huyan Lan had expressed love to Ye Han. It was just that the girl's first love had disappeared quickly."Ye Hange has won the award"Huyan Yan seemed to be absent when he spoke to Ye Han. Her eyes kept stumbling to the side as if looking for something."Feeling the attitude of Huyan Lanruo, Ye Han was a little disappointed. When he was very young, Hu Yan Lan said to him that he had not even liked Huyan Lan, but Hu Yan's cold attitude was still He was a bit lostThere is a man who does not want to be the focus of women chasing, in order to enjoy the sense of superiority that is loved by women.