Seeing Xiao Ning'er sitting on Nie Li's bedside, Ye Ziyan sighed a little and walked to the side. Although pretending to be indifferent, she still turned her gaze to Nie Li.Looking at Nie Li who was lying still there, the emotions in Ye Zixuan's mind are very complicated."Dinger she likes you so much. Why do you keep chasing me?"Ye Ziyun's heart has some faint sadness. Nie Li was so ridiculous and unreasonable that she broke into her life, which made her irrepressible.When Nie Lige took Nie Yu away at the time, Ye Zixuan discovered that he was so concerned about the safety of Nie Li. Later, when he discovered that Nie was awake from sleep, Ye Zixuan found himself so worried.It turned out that Nie Li had already broken into her heart.But what should she do next? Nie Li, who was originally calm and sleepy, was struggling suddenly and painfully, his brow furrowed, making Xiao Ning'er nervous."Will Nie be a nightmare?""Purple ..." Nie in his sleep was in pain and shouted. At that time he had already burst into tears.I don't know what dreams Nie had dreamed of in the end, and this voice will tear the hearts of Xiao Ting'er and tear her tears.After touching Nie from the beginning, Nie Li told her that he liked Ye Zixuan, but Xiao Tinger still reluctantly liked Nie Li.This ambiguous atmosphere makes the atmosphere between Xiao Geling and Ye Zixuan even more extreme.Ye Zixuan also wondered why Nie would dream of herself and would be so painful and tearful that she even had an illusion that she was not the one she was calling from.She really couldn't understand in her heart why Nie Yi liked her so much. She even liked to call her when she even dreamed.In Ye Zixuan's heart, there is a touch of touch, and there is a deficiency on Xiao Lian'er.The atmosphere is somewhat stagnant“Dinger, I...” Ye Ziyan didn’t know what to say. She knew that Xiao Ning’er liked Nie away very much. But she took Xiao Lian’er’s favorite person in his heart.Xiao Ning'er shoulders shivered slightly. She resisted the tears and didn't fall down. She looked down at Nie Li's face and covered Nie away from the quilt. Then she straightened up, and she replaced her. That cold and proud look"Ye Ziyan, from small to large, I always admire you.You are the daughter of the landlord. No one dares to force you anyway. You just reach out and all the good things in the world will be delivered to your hands.And I, all things must be won on my own, in order to fight against the sacred family's marriage contract, even at the expense of life"In this world, it's really hard to find a person worthy of his own heart and soul.Nie Li made me realize the meaning of livingIn my mind, Nie Li is an irreplaceable person."I don't know what happened between you and Nie Qi. The feelings between you make Nie away so hard to remember that even when you dream, you think of you."The voice of Xiao Geling paused. A flash of light flashed in his eyes and he became firm. "But it doesn't matter.""I, Xiao Ning'er, is not so easy to admit defeatNo matter what happens, I will always stay with Nie away. Even if Nie never noticed me, I would like to keep his shadow.Although he likes you, I won't give up even if you finally get together."Xiao Tinger stood there quietly, the bright moonlight shining through the window and shining on her body. She was wearing a tight-fitting leather garment. She was like a statue of a pure goddess. She watched Nie Li in sleep. Flashed a gentleAt this moment, Ye Zixi does not know how to answer Xiao Ning'er. Perhaps the knot between her and Xiao Ting'er can never be solved.And she could not tell the words of Nie Lie to Xiao Ning'er. It was a disrespect to Xiao Lian'er and it was also a disrespect to Nie Li.Perhaps Ye Zixuan's heart is a bit reluctant? She is upsetUnlike Xiao, the character of Ye Zixuan is quiet and indisputable. She just lives in a quiet world. If she is not suddenly invaded, she may never have such troubles.However, Nie Li was already like this, suddenly, he came in.In this small room, the two young girls are full of emotions, and for a time they do not know what to say.After three days, Nie Li did not wake up. The two girls took care of each other carefully and took care of Nie Li.Nie Yu is practicing in the room. When she is tired, she sleeps on the table and sleeps for a while.In the past few days, various buildings in the city’s main government were being built and perfected. Drawings of the Ten Thousand Magic Spirits were handed to Ye Xiu’s hands. After understanding the power of the Ten Thousand Spirits, they were even more non-stop. People buildIf the demons before the magic demon have been arranged, and grace the dark guilty people to come and go so arrogant? City Hall House of ParliamentYe Zong is arranging for various affairs. There are a large number of casualties in this war. He has to arrange for a pension. The city house is destroyed a lot and he has to send someone to repair it.During this time, Ye Zongshi will quietly visit Nie Li from time to time, but he did not let Ye Zixuan and others know it."City Lord adults, Ye Han son asks"A guard rushed in and came in"Oh, Osamu is back? Let's get him in.Ye Zong's brow furrowed and smiledThe guards immediately ran out. Soon, a handsome young man came in. He was dressed in a white robe and was like a jade tree. His face was as sculpted and features sharp, angular faces.High nose, moderate lips, black hair, dark eyesAnyone who sees him can't help but admire a handsome young boy! Ye Han, the adopted son of Ye Zhuzong, may even be the successor of the next landlord. He has always been concerned by the great families of the glorious city. After the thirteen-year-old ceremony, people from all major families sent people to propose relatives. Break through the threshold, but has always been rejected by Ye Han for cultivation.Ye Han did not live up to expectations. At the age of eighteen, he reached the golden star spirit deity and became the most talented genius following Ye Mo. Later he went out for a two-year experience with an elder of the wind and snow family.Of course, if it weren’t for Nie Li’s sudden emergence, the name of this first genius must have been steady."Is Osamu back, Ye Ming elders? Didn't come back together?" Ye Zonglang gave a laugh and asked in wonder.Ye Han slightly raised his hand and looked very polite. "Ye Ming Ye has found a secret. It was too dangerous for me. Let me return to the glorious city first.""Oh? It turned out like thisHaha, it's good to be back"Ye Zong took a picture of Ye Han's shoulder." Xiao Han grows taller and more romantic than before.In recent days, cultivation has not fallen? ""Well, the babe has practiced to the level of gold Samsung."Ye Han said that his own cultivation is very clear, and there is an indescribable degree of indifferentness.“Golden Samsung? Yes, it's not bad. It's far beyond the expectation of the father!” Ye Zonghaha smiled. “Tonight, I’ll have a banquet in the city’s palace to help you catch the dust."" Thank you, father."Ye Han also smiled a little, looked around, and asked, wonderingly." I don't know her sister, she is now in what place? "Ye Zong made a slight grin and smiled." She doesn't know you're back.I sent someone to inform her! "Ye Han nodded, showing a hint of gentle color, and grinned:" This time I brought some gifts and prepared to give her"" Zi Zi she is looking after a wounded friend. I send someone to call her. Your gift is not late at night, so if you don't pass the exam, you can ask the father to study. Penalize your faceYe Zonglang said with a smile"Yes"Ye Han looks right and says noddedEvery act of the city’s main government is of great concern to all the families of the City of Glory. They suddenly received invitations and said they would participate in Ye Han’s dust-washing feast."You heard of it? The big son of the landlord's family came back."This evening, the Lord of the City wants to take over the dust for the eldest son."" I heard that Dagongzi's repairs have already reached the golden Samsung level in just two years! "" Gold Samsung? This is really not allowed! This kind of cultivation speed, I am afraid that is already the first talent of the shining city, right? "" The first genius? That is not necessarily. In the recent glorious days, several talented geniuses have emerged! Including this time killing the abyss trolls Nie Li, I am afraid he is the first genius it! ""makes senseAt the invitation of the landlords, all major families of course sent representatives to visit them. The sacred family and even the owners personally went to the banquet. As for the Association of Alchemists, Yang Xin was sent as the representative."Oh, that kind of party is dead, you still have to let me go?" A jealous voice came, and the sound was almost to melt the bones of the people.What was spoken was Huyan Lanruo. Huyan Yanruo wore a sexy thin silk gauze. The body was hot and sexy. The Yufeng on his chest was arrogant and upright, and the white shawls could not conceal the deep gully. , slightly quivering when walkingEye waves, charming and moving, is simply a disaster"If Lan, if I don't say, you should be married early this year, but why don't you all look down on it?"This time, the son of the owner of the city has returned. His talent is unparalleled. Talent is also a good talent. His family background is even more impeccable. Is it not consistent with your usual standards? ”