Now the abyss trolls were killed, and some of the dark guilds sneaked into the palace of the lord of the city began to retreat quickly and disappeared quickly into the darkness.Another place, in the dark shadowA figure quietly standing, the black man saw the abyss troll was killed by the gods and killed the entire process of bombing, watching Nie away from the leaves by Xiuzhuo away, his mouth a slight glimpse, hoarse and deep voice: " interesting"On several occasions, he could not help but want to get rid of Nie Li from the hands of Ye Xiu, but he finally gave up and stared at the other place."I know that you have noticed me and are waiting for me to shoot. But it is not so simple to track down to me. This time, I think you won, but the next time is not so simple.The black man smirked and his figure slowly melted into the darknessTai B’s Ye Zong, next to the front of the killing group, flashed a sharp light in his eyes. The air that had been lingering in his heart kept him alert and quietly disappeared. He understood that the other person had left.From the moment when the abyssal trolls appeared, in addition to capturing the spirits divisions of the two dark guilds, Ye Zong had been alert to this atmosphere that made him feel uneasy until the other party disappeared and Ye Zong did not find him. Where"It seems that the other party didn't mean anything."Ze Zong secretly thought that if the other side shot, even if Ye Zong, I am afraid it will inevitably fall into a bad fight."At this moment, a black gold warrior hurried over"Ye Zong, it's not good."The martialist said hurriedly"What happened?" Ye Zongtun had a bad feeling"The three black gold spirits that we captured before were all dead."The warrior said in his hand."Sure enough"Ye Zong clenched his fists. In order to avoid the three black gold level demon psychic masters from escaping and returning tigers to the mountains, Ye Zong completely abolished the soul seas of the three black gold level demon psychic masters, so that their repairs never recovered." It was possible that he wanted to be held in a secret prison in the landlord's office. Afterwards, he could carefully torture where the dark guild was hidden.However, I did not expect that the dark guild's people were so wicked, the warriors killed the three black gold level demon spirits directly. "They sent people to rob prisons? What is the strength of the other?" How does the other person know the location of the combined attack? All this must be investigated clearly! "When you look back at the city's Lord, there is no one who comes to jail, and the three black gold spirit masters died inexplicably.Said the martial artist"Inexplicably dead?" Ye Zong in a glimpse, the dark guild's people really is a good way! If he expects it right, the Dark Society will add soul chains to the three black gold spirits. Once they are caught, they will directly push the chains of the soul and strangle them.With such a method, it basically prevented the betrayal of the men. It is no wonder that the Dark Society was so mysterious that the families of the City of Glory could not know the position of the Dark Society.At this time, outside the cityA black man stood silently, and all the other dozens of black men were chanting respectfully. One did not dare to speak out, including the few black gold ones."There were a total of eight black gold levels. They were killed by the abyssal trolls. They were killed by Ye Zong. They were killed by the boy. In addition, people who went to the Tianxue family to pick up the young parents did not even get anything.Your group of waste! "The black man cried"Adults, we did not expect that the two weird ways of formation would have such a powerful force. Moreover, there are also several black gold elites stationed at Tianxen's family. In addition, we are prepared early and we are completely prepared. I couldn't find the place where the young parents lived!" The man in black was spreading his right hand, and the three black rune stones in his hands had been cracked and broken."This is the first time. If you are not doing things right next time, you will be the same as the three of them!" The voice of the black man resembles the coldness from Hell.After seeing this scene, the people lying below were crouching and showing fear.The three black rune stones are the soul stones of the three black gold spirits that were captured. Once the black coats are printed on them, the three stone fragments break, and the three black gold spirits Will be locked by the soul chain, must dieSince the moment when they joined the Dark Guild, their fate has been completely dominated. Their souls are locked on that little soul stone. If the soul stone is crushed, they will die.They were not not rebellious, but all the rebels were killed. The tragic death made them intolerable to their eyes.As for the escape, the Dark Society is too strong. Even if you go to any place, they can take you back.So they can only be enslaved and carefully do things for the Dark Society.Occasionally, some companions will die, leaving them with a lot of emotionsBut even if someone is constantly dying, there will always be many newcomers in the Dark Guild each year climbing out from that brutal, hellish training base, enriching the dark guild, and making the dark guild more and more powerful.For the City of Glory, the Dark Society is always a terrible nightmare."Let's go, let's go back to the demon"The black man turned and walked toward the frontThe black people on the ground looked at each other and they all followed.What they don't know is that a big bird is standing steadily on a big tree in a distant mountain. It is made of metal and looks sharp and penetrates the darkness.This big bird is the spirit that seals the soul of Ye Yan’s ancestor.Nie Lizhen was lying quietly on his bed, his eyes closed and he was still in a coma."Father, how did Nie leave him?" Ye Zixi asked anxiously. His eyes were full of concerns. He didn't know why. He saw Nie from the tightly closed eyes. Ye Zixuan felt a rush of tears and tears couldn't help but flow. Down"Nie left his brother, you wake up soon, hey ..." Nie Yu kept cryingYe Zonghe and Ye Xiujing stood still“Ye Zong, what's wrong with him?” Ye Xiu looked at Ye Zong and askedYe Zong sighed a little: "If it is just the overuse of the soul, then it's okay, but I don't know why. His sea of ​​soul is completely drained. This is a bit of a problem."Ye Zong was silent for a moment and looked at Xiu Xiu Dao. "Bring the leaves of the misty grass and take Nie away! "After hearing Ye Zong's words, Ye Xiu's eyebrows picked up and looked slightly strange to Ye Zong. He was a bit surprised that Ye Zong actually willingly took out the leaves of Mist and gave it to Nie Li. According to Ye Zong's current cultivation, The distance from the legendary realm is only one step away, and the leaves of the foliar grass are the key to his legend. The leaves of the foliar grass are rarely cherished and only appear in the deep forest, and a mature fog leaves. Around the grass, there will always be legendary monsters. Under the eternal life of Yem Moi, the monster leaf was taken from a legendary monster animal.Ye Zongyi looked at Ye Xiu, and Shen remarked, "Not fast enough to get it, it is important to save people!" "Yes!" Ye Xiu hurries to the treasure house of the main city.Looking at the tears in Ye Zixuan, Ye Zong sighed a little in his heart. Before he was hostile to Nie, he was out of a father’s protection of his daughter. Seeing Ye Zixuan, Ye Zong sighed. No father can leave his daughter with him forever. Only go with her.Although Nie was not exactly shaped by this boy, he still has a heart of blood.In this battle today, they can fight back the dark guild.Ye Zong’s attitude towards Nie Li began to change.After a few moments, Ye Zixun grinds the misty grasses into powders according to Ye Zong’s maggots, and then flushes them with water to let Nie gradually take them.Looking at Ye Zixuan's slow and meticulous appearance, Ye Zong could not help but shook his head. The girl was outgoing. Sure enough, she seemed to think that he shouldn’t seem to be involved in the lives of young people anymore.Ye Zong slowly retreatedA long, long dreamIn the dream, Nie Li returned to the moment when the city of glory shattered. Numerous people screamed in flames, and from time to time came the cries of women and children. The entire city of glory fell into a sea of ​​flames. Nie Li saw his own people killed and their children fled under the protection of several strong family members.In his dream, his father said that you are the hope of the family. As long as you are alive, the family can continue.After speaking, his father died generouslyIn the dream, he and Ye Zixi tightly embraced each other. Ye Zixuan told the past and stroked his chin in his arms. He whispered, whispering, that if we both died, everyone else would have to live bravely. Go onThen, at that moment, it turned out to be a farewellAt that moment, Nie was in tears"Purple ..." Nie Li desperately called for the desire to seize Ye Zixuan's hand, but she watched Ye Zixie slowly disappear into the endless darkness.After knowing the situation of Nie Li, Xiao Ning'er hurriedly rushed home from the house. However, when Ye Ziyan was already taking care of Nie, she and Ye Zixuan silently stood by Nie Li. Both did not speak.Two childhood playmates, familiar with each other, but a little strangerXiao Ning'er tightened the towel, put the towel on Nie Li’s forehead, and quietly stared at Nie’s cheek.Once upon a time, the big boy never caught her attention. Her heart had only one dream. It was to become stronger. However, in the trial ground, her destiny was quietly changed. At the same time, her heart, in addition to cultivation In addition, her heart is more like something more precious