The demon psychic has fallen into a deep desperation. Even if he breaks the shackles of the snake by virtue of his secret law, he will be exhausted after he displays the secret law. There are dozens of black gold spirits waiting around him. He can't escape from him! In his heart, he called it a regret. Can anyone think of a silver five-star ant who could threaten himself? As far back as possible, even if he had exhausted all means, he would never let Nie run away! But now it is too late! The flames of the snake continued to burst into flames and became more and more tight. The psychic felt a terrible suffocation and almost fell into a coma."Frenzy heart!" The demon lord scowled, and the whole body's hair roots turned upside down, throwing a crimson color. The claws drew the trail of cold light, fiercely tearing the snake.The snake was slammed and struggling with his body.In the world of the demon spirit, cats are one of the natural enemies of snakes. The snakes have been badly wounded."Raging heart can instantly increase the fighting power by several times, but it is very short-lived, and it is easy to lose its sensibility after going crazy, and after the frenzied heart is finished, it will be exhausted. With the heart of fury, you want to It's absolutely impossible to break open Taiyi to kill the array!” Nie Li saw the Yan snake defeated, and there was no trace of accident. He just wanted to use the bondage of the Yankee to force out all the fighting power of the Black Ghost Spirit Guru. It completely loses its senses, "Bear Bear, on!" The bear shouted and rushed toward the demon spirit teacher.After the zealot's heart was cast out, the demon psychic was red-eyed, like an irrational beast, and regardless of his own strength, he played a scepter bear and rushed toward the bear.Effortlessly bursting and cracked around the perimeter“Only two levels of black gold, after displaying a violent heart, can actually burst into such a powerful force. It’s a bit amazing indeed.But since you have developed a violent heart, it is impossible to escape! "In response to Nie Li, the Pygmy Bear launched a stormy attack on the Psalmist.The scepter bears a rough and flesh-thick, defensive ability to burst the type of monster, even if it is faced with other monsters that are one level higher than it, it is not feared.The mongoose is a flexible demon spirit, good at agility, if you run away, it is difficult to catch up with the sacred bear, but at this moment, the demon psychiatrist completely into a violent state, has not escaped this conceptAlthough the attack power of the feline monk is still good, it is superficial to hit the bear.Silent bear slaps and pats the cat's head.The psychic bomber was bombarded on the ground and showed a huge pitThe demon psychic still wants to struggle, yells, wants to get up, and the bear is leaning towards his back, slamming on one foot.The whole earth shuddered. The psychic teacher blew the blood. The features of some cat cubs slowly subsided and changed back to ordinary people's appearance. They stayed motionless and apparently unconscious.At this time, several figures flew over and it was just like Gong Liangshu and others.Gong Liangshu and others did not mention how depressed they were. Everyone who traced the dark guild around them did not even catch one. The other’s strength was too strong, and they acted very cautiously and secretly, leaving them unable to start. Later, they felt that There was a fierce battle on this side.But when they come, the battle here is over.After seeing Gongliangshu and others coming over, Nie Li slowly descended and looked down at Gongliangshu and others. “Oh, Gongliangshu’s predecessor, this person is the dark gold spirit of the Dark Guild. He’s not dead yet, but his soul is in the sea. It's cracked. Please escort it to the jail of the main palace!” The dark gold elite of the Dark Society must have known the secrets of many dark guilds. It is still valuable.So far, the City of Lights has not caught this level of powerhouse of the Dark Guild! Although Gong Liangshu was a little depressed, they did not catch a dark guild leader. Nie had been caught by such a silver and silver star and caught a big fish. However, he did not mean any dissatisfaction. After all, the other party was in order to shine. City has made great contributions! "Push him to jail and be careful. Never let him run!" said Gongliang Shusheng.Several black gold warriors from Gongliang Shu immediately stepped forward and bound the dark guild’s demon spirit master."Working"Nie left, immediately rushed to the side, ready to continue to urge Taiyi to kill the array, looking for the next targetWhen Gong Liangshu and others prepared to escort the demon psychic division of the dark guild, only one figure in a white robe swept away. This person was Ye Zong. He looked at the dark gold in the coma on the ground. Level demon spirit teacher, looked at Nie Li againI did not expect that Nie really used Taib to kill the master of dark guilds.Ye Zong got news from Ye Zixuan. This came over to take the initiative to find Nie Li. However, he did not expect that Nie Li had already captured the strongman of a dark guild.Nie Li and Ye Zong looked at each other. Both sides were silent for a moment.“This is the mark that controls Taiyi’s killing array and Shenlei killing array. You can manipulate it to control these two killing arrays!” Nie waved his right hand and threw out two round marbles with an embossed print.Ye Zong's right hand gripped the two character stones in his hand and looked at her with a strange look. "You are willing to hand over these two killings to me. Do you not talk to me about what conditions?" Hey, if it weren't for this time that the city's main government was suddenly attacked, it would be cheap today!” Nie turned away, and he and Ye Zong always kept their strength. Ye Ziyan, a former dynasty, talked with Nie Li about a lot. Ye Zong’s work, he knew that Ye Zong was an extremely overbearing father. This made Nie Li’s comments on Ye Zong’s views so that this time he would repeatedly want to see Ye Zong’s prestige.However, Nie Li is not a person who does not know the general principle. Now that the city house has been attacked, two killing groups are needed to kill the enemy. In front of the righteousness, this section of the personal point is no problem.Nie Li does not plan to compare with Zong."I've given it to you here. I'll go and look at Ray's array."Nie left and flew awayLooking at the back of Nie away from the fly, he looked at the two character stones in his hands. Ye Zong’s face showed a smile of gratification, and he crumples two broken stones. The gravestone on the rune slowly flew up and gave off a dazzling light, Ye Zong quickly refined the two gravels.“The Lord of the Landlords, Who is that Man?” Gong Liangshu had not seen Nie Li before, so he asked him to ask him about it.Ye Zong looked at the distance, looked deep, smiled and said: “A nice young man, the future of our glorious city.After the wave pushes forward, we are afraid that these old things will soon give way and give way to these capable young people.Gong Liangshu looked at Ye Zong and nodded his head, thinking thoughtfully.I do not know if Nie Liruo was here, and what kind of feelings it would have if he heard Ye Zong’s assessment of him? The City of Glory is still in the midst of a melee, and the abyssal trolls have summoned those little scoundrels that have killed many guards that they don’t know. Abyss Troll is trappedAfter all, the thunder and lightning fell on the abyssal trolls, and the roar of the abyssed trolls resounded over the whole city.In addition, the landlords were attacked everywhere. Many silver and gold-class strongmen were killed.At this time, all corners of the City of GloryThe tyrannical giants of the air are communicating with soul power.“The Lord’s Lord, the Lord of the City has been attacked!” At this time, the owner of the empty Ming family wearing a grey robe stood at the top of a towering building overlooking the shrine of distant glory.“What should we do with an adult master?” “Anyway, our empty family is a solid backing for Feng Xue’s family. Chen Fei, you bring three black gold spirits to the city, and the rest is closely monitored. Other places in the City of Glory to avoid the Dark Society from attacking!” said Chen Zhenglong, the owner of the empty Ming family.Three black gold spirits looted and swept toward the main cityAt this time, besides the airless family, the seven great families and twenty aristocratic families all sent people to help the city.At this time, the sacred family“The adults are the masters. They are attacking the main government. What should we do?” asked a man dressed in black and affixed to Shen Hong’s ear.Shen Hong gazed into the distance and sighed coldly: “Dragon went around and left me alone. I didn’t want to let us intervene except for not wanting to expose us.Since he doesn't need me to cope, why should I join in this excitement? However, other families are sending people to help the city government, and our sacred family can not be completely without action. You bring two black gold spirits in the past. Remember, you can do it and you don't have to! "" Yes, I understand"The black man swept away, and a few went up and down into the sacred family.Soon, the three figures rushed toward the direction of the main city.Most masters of Feng Xue’s family cooperate with Shen Lei to kill the array and limit the abyssal trolls. As for those silver and gold guards, they are fighting fierce battles with the little flames. The whole scene is extremely chaotic.The abyssal trolls were temporarily confined, but the little flames below were extremely arrogant and kept killing the guards. The screams of shrill screams rang from time to time.At this time, even Ye Xiu was a bit anxious, waiting for them to kill the abyssal trolls, I am afraid they have to suffer heavy losses. These silver and gold-level guards are members of the most elite of the few wind groups controlled by Feng Xue’s family. If the casualties are too high, Powerful, the impact will be very large