Under the hordes of small slashes, the City Guards defeated."We can't stand it!" "If we go on like this, we will lose a lot!" One figure from afar flitted in the distance."The air family came to support!" "The Yilong family came to support!" "The spirit of the family came to support!" "The Association of Alchemists came to support!" A group of a group of strong people from various families from all directions Grabbing one after another, they joined the battle groups. The City Guards, who had been forced to retreat, had the help of these strong players. They immediately held on to the front and began to attack the Little Devils.City Guards morale spurs and shakesSeveral black gold powers rushed in the little flames, like no one's land“Quickly close the seam!” The lava in the cracks on the ground continues to rise. After the lava lands on the ground, it becomes a steady stream of little flames. Only the seam is sealed and destroyed. The summoned summoned method can stop the attack of the Little DevilsSeveral black gold masters of the empty Ming family took the lead and went all the way to the place where the seam was located.The original Ye Xiu and others were in a hurry. When they saw this scene, they calmed down. It was precisely because the families of the City of Glory could unite with one heart and the glorious city could stand to this day. It is truly reassuring and practical to have so many comrades-in-arms.Ye Xiu's eyes were gathered on the abyssal trolls. Only when this abyssal troll was killed out, their task was truly completed.However, the Thunderbolt of God kills all the thunderbolt effects released by the thunderbolt spirit. It can only cause some damage to the abyssal trolls, but it is not enough to kill the abyssal trolls. After all, the abyssal trolls are comparable to the legendary strongmen. ! How can they deal with the abyss trolls without a legendary strong player on their side? When Ye Xie was upset, I saw a figure fleeing from her body. It was Nie Li."I'll take over the mine to kill the array!" Nie Li coldly took a cry, both hands quickly print, enter the scope of the god mine killing array, finishing fast completedSeeing that Nie came away, Ye Xiu gave up the control of Shen Lei’s killing almost without hesitation.Nie Li did not hesitate to take out the Thunderbolt God Sword, Scorpio God Lei Jian can trigger Tiny Divination, with this God Lei kills the array just fit! Almost without the slightest pause, Nie Li immediately mobilized the Thunderbolt Scorpion God, and saw the thunderbolt of God falling down in the sky. He gathered on the Thunderbolt Sword of Heaven, and Nie flew away from the sword, and lightning flashed upon God. Thunder kills those black gold lightning thieves on the array. These black gold lightning thieves were suddenly bombarded with thunder and lightning, suddenly violent, burst out more powerful energy.These black gold lightning thieves, numerous thunder and lightning sky, gathered into a bundle, this bunch of thunder and lightning than the previous Ye Xiu reminded the thunderbolt when the mine thunderbolt when the rough several times more than that terrible electric light illuminated the entire landlord Government"Frightful Divine Power!" Even Ye Xiu and others are all changing.This thunder and lightning fell from the sky and fell on the body of the abyssal trollThe abyss trolls shouted fiercely, before those thunder and lightning can only cause a little bit of damage to it, the impact on it is not great, but this time the thunder and lightning is more than several times bigger than before, directly shattered its shoulders A large pieceThe abyss trolls wield the Great Fire Sword in anger and fall down to kill the battlefield.The mineskilled the enemy in a dense grid, and bounced the flame giants in the hands of the abyssal trolls, just shaking them.However, the abyssal trolls did not give up, and violently waved the flames and giant swords to fall. If they continued to squat down, I fear that even the mines will be destroyed by the abyssal trolls.Thunder kills tremblinglyIt's a pity that we don't have a complete demons of the demons. Otherwise, don't say an abyssal troll.Nie Liguang gazed at the abyssal trolls in front of him, urging the Scorpio god Lei Jian, once again condensing a Lei Zhu, in the moment when the abyss trolls fired the Great Sword"Kill!" Nie Li looked round and chilled, like a stunned devil, and saw the thunder in the sky again bombarded the abyss.The cry of a bang sounds, the fist of the abyssal trolls is smashed by the fist of the flame giant sword.The abyssed trolls screamed again and again, screaming fiercely in their hands, and the flame giants jingled and fell on the ground.However, the abyssal trolls resisted the pain, or extended his left hand to catch the flame giant sword on the ground."Ye Xiu's predecessor, took the great sword!" Nie shouted anxiously, pushing the Scorpion God Leijian to attack twice in a row, which had already caused Nie Li's soul power to reach its limit, and part of the abyssal trolls. The source of strength comes from the Great Fire Sword. If you take down the Fire Sword, you can greatly weaken the strength of the Abyss Troll.After hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Xiu and several other black gold spirits and black gold warriors rushed out."Yeah! Hey! Hey!" Nie Li urged a small thunderbolt to constantly attack the abyssal trolls and stop the actions of the abyssal trolls.Although he felt a blazing heat wave blowing, Ye Xiu and others still bite their teeth and picked up the sword of the Great Fire Sword.Seeing that Ye Xiu and others snatched the Great Fire Sword, the abyssal trolls suddenly raged furiously and reached out to Ye Xiu et al.After seeing this scene, Nie Li’s soul power has been consumed so much that it has pushed soul power again. In an instant, the sea of ​​Nie’s spirits is frothing up. All the soul forces are moving toward the sky in their hands.陨 雷 Lei Jian brought together the pastThe god of thunder and lightning thundered and shrilled, and it was like a huge black hole at the moment, frenziedly swallowing the soul power of Nie Li."Oops!" Nie Li did not know what happened to the Scorpion God Leijian. It seemed that he had touched some kind of strange power. The degree of absorption of soul power was just beyond the imagination of Nie Li.Nie from the current soul power, simply can not stand this swallow! After all, it is silver five-star! At this moment, Nie left the page with the pages of the book of demon and spirit in the chest, and it was also a dazzling white light.Nie felt that the sea of ​​soul suddenly exploded. A dizzy glow was observed, and the scene in front of him was blurred.“Damn!” Nie left his eyes full of blood, and the feeling of being drained by his soul was really uncomfortable. The whole person was like a fire. If he passed out, I’m afraid that Ye Xiu and others would also be poisoned.Fight, fight it! Nie defied and uttered a shout, swaying the sword of the god of heaven in his hands, and thousands of gods descended from heaven. They gathered in the hands of Nie Li and turned them into a stout pillar. As Nie departed from the sword, A giant thunderbolt fell on the abyssal trollNie Lizhong, heard a roar, as if to see the Thunder column bombardment in the body of the abyss trolls, the next moment, they completely lost consciousness, slowly falling under the lightning packageAfter all, it is only silver and five-stars. Pushing such a huge force is now the limit that Nie can reach.Ye Xiu and others are moving the Great Fire Sword with difficulty. They want to move the Great Sword of Fire away and watch the giant palm of the abyss trolls take pictures. The fierce flames have been blowing and suddenly feel it. The terrible stocks of God’s terror fall from heaven.Looking up at the mine and killing the array, I saw Nie Li wrapped in endless thunder and gathered up a stout pillar, a few times more powerful than before.The giant thunderbolt bombarded the abyssal trolls and saw the thunderbolt piercing through the abyssal troll's chest instantly, and then exploded, blasting a large hole in the abyssal troll's chest.The abyssal trolls slammed and kept struggling. Eventually, his red eyes became dim and fell to the ground.The momentary silence, including Ye Xiu and others, all stayed on the spot, because Ray Lei’s scene runs through the abyssal trolls and it’s so shocking.What a terrible amount of lightning! No one can imagine that God’s mines will be able to exert such terrible power by killing Nie in his hands.At this time, all the strong players in the family have their eyes on the teenager who is slowly falling in the lightning package.“Who is this boy?” “This boy is the class talent of Tian-trace!” “Tian-trace family?” Many powerful family members of the wealthy family think of it. The glorious city still has a family of days. The day marks the strength of the family is too low, in the past there is no attention at all, but this moment, the term Tianji family, deeply imprinted in the hearts of all peopleBecause Nie Li, they began to revisit the family that they have neglected.In addition, all of us began to pay attention to Nie Li and really understood what a wonderful genius Tianji family had emerged! As the abyssed troll fell to the ground, the guards of the city’s main government and the strongmen of the various families burst into cheers, their morale swelled, and they waved their weapons to the little flames, and the little flames began to retreat.Without the containment of the abyssal troll, more black gold spirits and warriors were liberated and began to join the group. With the addition of these black gold spirits and martial artists, the little flames were even more unstoppable. Slowly retreating into the crackSome black gold spirits began sealing the crackThe dark guild’s psychic masters use a channel array that opens up the world of the abyss. Once the cracks are sealed back, and then the channel array is removed, it can be restored.At this time, among the gods and mines, Nie slowly fell to the ground.Ye Xiu flew along and fell to the side of Nie Li. After checking the physical condition of Nie Li, he slightly frowned and then picked up Nie and swept away.