Aside, Hu Yanxiong looked at Ye Zong and looked at Yang Xin again, thinking thoughtfully.If Nie Li is just an eye-catching genius, dare to be so arrogant and noisy, Ye Zong will not at least kill Nie Li, but he will at least take a lesson. After all, a genius who is too arrogant, but it is a trouble.But Ye Zong did not, not only did not, but also maintained Nie Li, which really made him a bit unbelievableNot only that, even Yang Xin has spoken.It seems that Nie apart from the outstanding talent, there are other things worth watching.Recall that in the most recent glory of the city, Hu Yanxiong understood it a bit.No wonder her daughter can't see the cold leaves, but on the other hand, Nie is stalking and stalking.Shen Hong kept silent and calmed a faceThe young people in the hall looked at each otherThey are totally unimaginable. It would have been such a result.It was such a fierce affair at the feudal government banquet that Ye Zong did not punish him. He still maintained Nie Li. What kind of meaning does this mean? Nie also just announced loudly that Nie is not willing to be a city lord, and the position of the lord will fall on the head of Ye Han. Is it that the lord of the city has secretly instructed him to pass the position of the lord to Nie? This was an explosive big news. The children of all the family looked at Ye Han and looked at Nie Li again. It seemed that they would see what was coming from them.In fact, Ye Zong was slightly depressed at this time. He understood that his actions were already deeply buried between him and Ye Han.In addition to targeting the sacred family, Nie Li is also deterring Ye Han.Although Ye Han did not show his face, his heart was in a state of indifference.From the time he enters the Imperial Palace and becomes the son of Ye Zong, Ye Han understands that he only has one path. That is, he will continue to practice and cultivate to the extreme and become the next leader of the city.If he fails, Ye Zixuan or other people take over the position of the landlord, and his position in the family of Feng Xue is very embarrassing.And he can feel that, besides his master, those other elders of Feng Xue’s family are deeply guarded by him.However, just now, Nie Li declared that he would compete for the position of the landlord. Ye Zong didn't just teach Nie away, but rather prevented Shen Nie from using Nie Li. The meaning behind this is obvious. Ye Zonghui will safeguard Nie Li! Is it possible that Ye Zong wants to take Nie Li to the top of the city? Nie Li is a person of a surname, not even the children of the Feng Xue family, but Ye Han understands that if Ye Zongna has selflessness and selflessness, if the other party has enough power to lead the glorious city, even if it is not a family of Feng Xueshi, Ye Zong will also hold him in place.Just like Ye Zong's favor for him! Ye Han feels a deep threat from Nie Li’s bodyLooking at Nie Li’s overbearing arrogance, he looked like a gentleman among the owners. Hu Yan’s eyes were fast and he took the little star. Nie was how to do it. She worshipped Nie away.From small to large, she was a culprit, but after she became ill, she would inevitably be trained by her parents. However, even if Nie departed from this guy, even if he was in trouble, he was still the one I was afraid of. I was afraid to criticize anyone. Nie Li, the realm of trouble, is one step higher than she is! "Sure enough, it's my favorite manHu Yanlan thought proudlyNie Li glanced at the children of those families around him. Shen Fei and others did not dare to face with Nie Li. They all lowered their heads and met Nie from such arrogance. They were weak in momentum. Other people dare to directly demolish the bricks in the city government banquet so arrogantly, dare you? In addition to Chen Linjian, Ye Han, and Huyan Lanruo, the rest of the world’s popularity was lower than that of Nie Yi’s.Chen Linjian smiled. I did not expect Nie to be such an interesting person. He was just too close to his appetite."Kid, you have a kind!" Chen Linjian squeezed his eyes on Nie Li. With his eyes, he couldn't see what he did. Everything that Nie left was intentional. The reaction of all family members in the entire hall was in Nie. Out of expectationYe Han smiled calmly and smiled. "I never thought of competing with others for the position of the city. I think that Zi Zi's sister is the best candidate for the next. If Zi Zi is the next owner, I will pour Do everything I can to help her and dieAs for the person who is the name of a foreigner who is in the position of the city, I think not only that I do not agree that the family of wind and snow will not agree and that all the families of the glorious city will not agree! "This hand is playing nicely! Nie is slightly out of the eyebrows, this Ye Han really is not a fuel-efficient lamp, just Nie from a series of moves, did not make his emotions have the slightest fluctuations, a deep feeling to this level"Aha, if Ziran became the landlord, then I naturally have nothing to say.But if someone else is the owner of the city, I will surely turn the whole city’s main office upside down."Nie left his head with his hands, it does not matter tunnelNie Li is not an enlargement. He still has this ability.Nie Li’s words, each homeowner naturally listened to his ears. They looked at Ye Zong and Ye Zong just kept silent.In fact, Ye Zong felt a bitter smile. In the previous days, Ye Han was always the most talented and most talented person among the young generation. Ye Zong had always cultivated Ye Han as the successor of the landlord. It is estimated that Ye Han has also cultivated. Already understand the meaning of Ye Zong, cultivation is very hardBut now, Nie was born and turned out. In addition to talented and unparalleled, there is also the support of the Association of Alchemists. There is a super-strong person behind it. In addition, the City of Lords wants to arrange a million demon spirit array. To rely on Nie to completeIt can be said that with the help of Nie Li, the city of glory can definitely reach a peak of its peak, and it is no longer afraid of the threat of evil beasts.If Nie really turns his face, maybe he can really shake up the main city house.The city of glory can have no leaf cold, but it must not be without Nie LiThis is the capital of Nie Li, enough to crush the cold.However, Ye Han is the adopted son of Ye Zong. After so many years, he has had deep feelings. If rashly, let Ye Han know that the place of Ye Han’s landlords is hopeless. What will Ye Han think? Will you be resentful? The families of all families are the masters of testimonies. Ye Zong has never spoken out. They all understand one thing. Ye Han’s successor is afraid of hopelessness.This is really a change! Nie Li’s ceremonial feudal ceremonies were unscathed. He was also defended by Ye Zong and the Association of Alchemists, but it was for all his family to re-examine Nie’s position.Ye Zixuan took a bit of a plaintive look at Nie Li, but he did not refute Nie Li’s words. Although Ye Zixuan was very quiet and did not want to fight, but Ye Zong’s actions, he still had some hidden bitterness.From small to large, Ye Zixuan always heard from Ye Zong’s mouth. What happened to Ye Han and Ye Han’s cultivation progress? The leaf religion’s time to cultivate Ye Han’s time is far beyond the time she taught her.In Ye Ziyan's heart, Ye Han is the one who steals her father's love.Although Ye Zixuan told himself numerous times, he did not have to mind, but when Ye Zixuan knew that Ye Zong ignored the opposition of most of the winds of the family of wind and snow, he insisted that when the position of the landlord was passed on to Ye Han, Ye Ziyan's irritated heart would be difficult to calm down. TheIt was not Ye Zixuan who wanted to be the city owner. Ye Zong gave Ye Han the best things. She was the daughter of Ye Zong. Ye Zixuan can see that Nie is away from such a big chaos in the feudal palace and should understand whatAlthough her heart did not want to make the scene so rigid, but when Nie left to do so, her heart was actually a lot easierSometimes when emotions are depressed for a long time, it really needs to be released to relieveWith Nie Li, Ye Zixuan feels relaxed and happy a lot, although sometimes Nie Li is bullied and resentful, but outside, there is Nie Li's guardian. She does not have to worry about losing.Nie Li is really a little unwilling to eat at this loss. If someone does something against him, it really is a moldy life.When he thought of Shen Yue and Shen Fei, who were stricken on the outside, they were scared to be lifted by Nie Li, and Ye Ziyan couldn't help but smile.Nie Li is simply a devilXiao Ning'er looked at Nie Li’s back, and his eyes were shining with the same glory. The man in front of him was the man who made her love her.When he spoke, the whole world was buzzingThere is nothing in this world he can't do. Under his wing, Xiao Ning feels practical and safe from the heart.This sense of security was something that no one had ever given her before.Xiao Ning'er originally thought that he would be asked to marry into the sacred family by the family. For this matter, she has been in a state of anxiety and panic. Even with a heart of death, the reason why she is desperately practicing is to get rid of that horrible thing. fateAll of this has changed because of the arrival of Nie Li. There will not be anybody who dares to ask her to marry in the Holy Family. Shen Fei does not dare to snort under the eyes of Nie Li, even the sacred. The family’s owner cannot cover Nie’s edge.Nie Li no longer cares about Ye Han. Instead, he sets his sights on Shen Fei next to him and sternly says, "Shen Fei, do you know where this is? Can you participate in the Banquet of the Landlords? Give me a hurry! Roll, otherwise don't blame me! "Shen Fei was weak on the halfway and was ready to avoid the edge. But he never expected that Nie still had to give up. He looked up and glared at Nie Li:" Nie Li, don't deceive you too much. "" "Let you allow Shen to bully people and you will not allow me to bully people. If you dare to stay here, then try my sword, God!" As soon as he heard the thunderbolt god, the sword was half inserted into the ground, and the crack on the floor spread like a spider web.