What seemed to take notice of, Shen Fei came to play round the field and laughed: "I still remember if Llano had been clamoring to marry Ye Hange when he was a child. If Lan Ran hasn't found any Italians yet, it wouldn't be..." Ye Han listened. Smiled with a slight smile: “How can children be serious when they are children?” The youngsters of other families around them echoed and laughed."When a child does something, it must be true!" If Hu Yan-lan uttered a grin, his eyebrows looked at Shen Fei. "This is how many years ago the old things, but also to mentionShen Fei, my aging mother to see you bad mood for a long time, if you dare to take these things to make fun of his aging mother, see your aging mother does not kick your eggs! "The air is dead silentShen Fei is incomparable, his smile is frozen on the spotThere is a chill in the inexplicable surroundingIf Yan Yan’s absurd declaration of promiscuity is not in tune with the clothes on her body, then Hu Yan’s call to Lan Ruo is like a queen. He glances over the people who are laughing just next to him. , took laughter hard and gave them backWhen I went to Huyan, if this woman still did not change her mother's character, if anyone were to hit the gun, it would be dead.The people around him did not dare to speak. Only Ye Han coughed a little and said: "We don't mention this thing, so let it be revealed!" "Oh"Shenfei smiled slyly."Shen Fei, I heard that you are very different from my family, Nie Li." If Hu Yan Lan looked at Shen Fei, he gave a cold grunt. "If you dare to find the trouble of my family, Nie, let's not be polite to you!" My family is away from Nie? When did Nie leave your home? The family members of each family are facing each other. Although Nie Li has been very prosperous in the city of glory recently, they have never heard of Huyan Yan and Nie Li.“Ye Li?” Ye Han was slightly puzzled. He still heard the name for the first time. After returning, he only saw Ye Zong. He did not hear Ye Zong mention Nie Li.“Ye Han big brother, that Nie Li is a genius emerging from our glorious city...” The next family’s children whispered in Ye’s ear, Ye Han generally understood how Nie Li was a person. At the age of fourteen, it has reached the silver five-star level. This cultivation speed is really amazing.Even Ye Han, it was only at the age of 16 that he reached the level of one star of gold. At the age of fourteen, he was only bronze.Unless it is a person with special early wisdom, the general practice is after the fourteenth year of adulthood, and between the age of twenty-two, this period of time is the fastest period of cultivation. Fourteen years old reach the silver five-star, except In addition to super talent, there must be wisdom beyond the average person."Oh, this has given me some interest"Ye Han smiled a little"Laruo, this thing can not blame me, only blame Nie away from the boy too much, seduce my fiancee, although Xiao Geling did not pass the door, but this matter is placed on any man, who can stand it down?" Flying a bitter lookIf Hu Yan Lan snorted, he groaned: "I don't care about these things. Are you sure that Nie Li seduce your fiancé instead of your fiancee?" Everyone looked at Huyan Lanruo, Nie Li and others in shock. If a woman spreads rumors, should Hu Yan-Lan not pursue Nie's fault? Actually still leave for Nie off? What kind of wonderful girl is this Hu Yanjia's daughter? Shen Fei looked at the leaf next to the cold, suddenly remembered something, mouth slightly reminded, said: "In addition to Xiao condensate, I also heard that Nie from that boy stalked Ye Ziyan, take the initiative to declare more than Ye Zixi. This time, I even recently entered the castle town house."" How can that be? Shen Fei, his aging mother did not care about these, regardless of how many women Nie Li, his aging mother put the words here, and if you dare to move a Nie from a cold hair, believe it or not to abandon you? "Hu Yan Lan proudly looked at Shen FeiHearing Shen Fei’s words, Ye Han’s eyebrows picked up a glimpse of light that was not easily noticeable in the eyelids. This Nie Li, it’s going to be a while.Because of the arrival of Huyan Lanruo, the atmosphere of the young people became a little strange.Several big men on the theme could not help but smile"Three brothers, your daughter, it's very personal."Ye Zong looked at Hu Yanxiong and said with a big smile, "It's quite a naive style.""Hu Yan-hsiung was extremely awkward. This girl has a bit of a semblance with her. She is clearly out of a mold with her mother."Next to Shen Hong, he sneered and said, "It's quite a naive style, so overbearing, it's time to waste the oldest son of my sacred family.""Shen Hong, don't be yin and mad at this place. If Lan is abandoning him, then Shen Fei's slut who has scoured other people everywhere should be abolished!" There is a kind of you to fight with me to fight! ” Hu Yanxiong’s eyes were stunned and he said coldly.Ye Zong waved his hand and said: "You are still the province?"Yang Xin is the flow of the eyes of the eyes, and that reveals a hint of gratitude. When did Nie from the younger brother provoke the niece of the Huyan family? Really left-right and right-looking, they are not shy, but they provoke Huyan Lanruo and Nie Xiaoxiao. After the younger brother was afraid that he would not even want to be alive! "It seems that these young people are very much looking forward to meeting with Nie, why not let Nie out? "Yang Xin is more afraid of the chaos of the world."Nie was injured and unconscious before. I'm afraid I can't come yet."Ye Zongping said peaceablyDid Nie still not wake up, not hear that only the soul is exhausted? Yang Xin wrinkled his brow, showing a hint of worry in his eyesA group of black-gold spirits did not subdue the abyssal trolls. I really did not know how Nie was away from the younger brother. What I did not expect was that Nie Li really killed the abyssal troll. This made Yang Xin very surprised.At this moment, the young people in the hall suddenly commotionI saw Nie Li, Xiao Ting-er, and Ye Zi-yi walking together.Nie Li walks in front, looks around and looks very casual"Hey, this is my first time to come to the ballroom of the main government office!" Nie Yi said that this banquet hall is really...After all, Nie left so many places in his past lives.All the young people are talking about"This boy is the one who killed the abyssal troll, Nie Li? When he was fourteen, he reached the silver five-star level.""He's dressed in this body, it's really dirt! "One of the family's youngsters showed a little disgusting expressionIn addition to Nie Li, whether Ye Zixie or Xiao Ning'er has attracted the attention of many people, these two young girls have their own characteristics, but they are all beautiful and moving.Whether it was Ye Zixuan or Xiao Lian-er, it was undoubtedly the object of admiration among nobles in the hall.The girls of some of the families on the scene could not help but feel a bit self-inflicted. Only Hu Yan-Lan had a great chest and was proud like a white swan. She would never lose to others.The eyes of Huyan Lanruo fell on Nie Li's cheeks, and there was a trace of bright red on his pretty cheeks.Nie actually came in together with Ye Zixuan and Xiao Tinger. This made many family members stunned. It was necessary to know Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er. However, the goddess of countless people was monopolized by Nie Li. This is simply not. Tianli ah? Think again before Huyan Yan was boldly declared before, Nie Li was her person, and many of them were very gloomy and almost vomited blood.Is this the gift of genius? Some of the lazy youngsters in the family often hate themselves. How can they not practice well? If you have the same talent as Nie, you may get the favor of a goddess.At this moment, a costumed Huyan Lan walks elegantly toward Nie’s three people."Nie Li, long time no see"The voice of Huyan Lanruo with such a little bit of sadness"Ahah? Long time no see, best not to see“Nie Seton felt scalp and numbness. When he saw Huyan Lan, he couldn’t hide too late. This sticky woman, once contaminated, couldn’t get rid of it, and she would be better off keeping her distance of more than two kilometers! All the people know the thoughts of Nie Li and do not know what kind of reaction it will be. If he hears Nie Li, Ye Zixuan and Xiao Geling can not help but smile. If Hu Yan is more angry, he is still sneaking on Nie Li.At this time, the final members of the youngest generation in the banquet hall all walked over here.Ye Han's eyes swept over Nie Li's body and eventually landed on Ye Zixuan's body. One of his eyes was bright. His face showed a hint of a hearty smile. He smiled and said: "Zi Zi's sister, we haven't seen it in two years. The""Well, Ye Han brother, congratulations on your promotion to Gold Samsung"Ye Ziyun said sincerelyYe Han's eyes flashed in a blank moment. It seems that Ye Zixuan is still very worried about this matter.Ye Zixuan is Ye Zong’s own daughter, but no matter whether it is talent or cultivation, it’s far less than Ye Han who is the son of Ye Zong’s son. Ye Zong’s teaching to children is very strict, and from small to large, Ye Han’s is Ye Zi’s. shadowYe Ziyan kept working hard and kept catching up with Ye Han’s footsteps, but Xiu Xie was thrown farther and farther by Ye Han.Ye Zixuan did not even get a compliment from Ye Zong, and secretly wept in the night.Ye Ziyan even thought that Ye Zong liked Ye Han more than she liked her.In fact, Ye Zixuan has been excellent enough among his peers, but compared with Ye Han, it is indeed inferior to many.But until recently, after Ye Zixu practiced the exercises that Nie passed on to her, she finally opened up the grief in her heart. At this time, she was finally able to relieve herself and calmly face the cold.“Zi Zi’s sister, this time, I’ve brought you a gift. I hope you like it."Ye Han took out a blueish-brilliant bracelet from the space ring, revealing a very pure chill.