However, at this time, Ye Han completely irrespective of whether the body was injured or not, roared and jumped up, and the whole tail hammer slammed down.Nie Li did not expect Ye Han to be so crazy. After fighting with Ye Han for a punch, his wrists still came with linseed.Jin Jia Di Long's tail hammer whistled down and burst out of a horrific gas explosion.At this time, Xiao Ning'er, 6 Piao, Du Ze, and others all had a cold sweat for Nie.“Nie Li, be careful.” Seeing the dragon's tail hammer of Jinjiadi will fall on his own body. Once he is hit by this force, Nie’s strength from the current silver and five stars, I’m afraid he will not die and have to be seriously injured. Ye Han has already Did not leave a hand suddenly a roll of Nie Li, that the dragon's tail hammer is almost rubbed against his face, his face can even feel stingingNie Li at the moment, a flash of coldness in the eyesNie Li suddenly gave Ye Han more than twice the gravity. He only saw Ye Han’s body uncontrollably slamming toward the ground.Ye Han squatted on the ground, squatted up and shook his head. Although the golden dragon was thick and flesh, he could not stand the impact and was a bit disoriented.At this moment, Nie Li stood only one meter away from Ye Han. The palm power has been stored for a long time.After a period of time, Nie Li had a deeper understanding of the various fighting techniques of the tiger tooth panda.When the right fist is in charge, the round white spirit is condensed in the fist, and the shining white light is like lightning.Although Jinjiadilong was full of barbs, the intercostal space was still flat. Nie left the position.Nie banged out of a fist and slammed it into the lower part of the golden armored dragon.A loud cry, a crunchy crack in the bonesUnder the bombardment of this force, Ye Han had fallen out of the air and fell heavily on the ground.Although Nie Lie and Ye Han have great disparities in strength, Nie Li’s evasion every time is as good as his peers.Every time the combat technique is performed, it is the most appropriate time. This Thunder hits the position of a punch and is the weakest part of the Golden Dragon.From the beginning of the fightNie Li knows all the combat skills and all the weaknesses of Ye Han. Even if Ye Han is changed, these weaknesses still remain.And the skill of Ye Han fighting is less than a starYe Han's ribs are broken, and the facial expressions of the pain are distorted.He stared at the wounded place like a beast and stared at Nie Li with fierce eyes."You're not my opponent, but let's lose itNie Li looked at Ye Han calmlyThe students onlookers were ashamed that they absolutely did not expect this to be the result. They thought that this sentence should be said by Ye Han to Nie Li, but he did not expect it to be reversed.Ye Han was a golden samurai teacher. When people looked at Nie Li, they looked weird, although they felt thatNie Li’s strength is far inferior to Ye Han’s. Why Ye Han was so vulnerable at the hands of Nie Li’s and even after the change, he was still being boxed by a fly. This is how Xiao Xinger, 6 Gone with the Wind, Several people from Duze lived with Nie for so long. After thinking about it for a moment, they learned how Nie Li defeated Ye Han.Nie Li is most adept at using the gravity gas field in an offensive manner during the battle, affecting the opponent's movements, and then punching in weaknesses.Even if he knows that Nie is away from the way of fighting, Nie Li’s play is also very difficult to prevent.What's more, Ye Han had no contact with gravity gas field.At this time, whether Xiao Liao Er, or 6 Piao, Du Ze and others, they have some new insights into their own combat skills.Ye Han looked up at Nie LiHis eyes are red, his heart is full of reconciliation, why he will be defeated in the hands of Nie Li, he simply can not accept this reality, his own strength, obviously higher than the other good levelHe has always been the fist of the first genius of the shining city.It was a deep tingling affliction that the claws drew into the skin, and he was so full of grief that his heart was full of grievances. It was Nie Li who took away his place of the landlord. He could not wait to kill Nie. From the leaf cold eyes are full of cold chill, staring at Nie Li: "Nie Li, you do not get too proud of too early, this hatred is not reported, I Ye Hu oath not" Nie can feel the depth of Ye Han's heart Deep resentment, such as Ye Han’s deep-seated man, will be very terrible once it is revenged.Nie Li understands a bit why the previous world Ye Zixi did not want to mention Ye Han. To characterize the coldness of Ye Han, even if Nie did not appear, he could not sit on the position of the landlord. Ye Han was just a gift. Ye Zong appreciated it, but he There is not enough courage to allow all the elders of the wind and snow family to accept him, and once the person of Ye Han is frustrated, he will surely retaliate with resentment and end up with food and drink.Nie Li looked down at Ye Han and shed a terrible soul pressure from underneath. The terrible murder seemed to make the surrounding air cold for several degrees: “Ye Han, I don’t care what you think now, if you’re old If you honestly do nothing, there is still a chance to survive. If you have to seek death for yourself, then I don’t mind sending you a world in this world. Some people are totally beyond your reach. I don’t think of you at all. My opponent, because you are not qualified, "In Nie Li's opinion, only the Holy Emperor is qualified to be his opponent, whether it is Ye Han or a sacred family.Nie Li’s gaze was like a sharp bayonet, pointing directly at people’s hearts. Ye Han felt a terrible chill, and even couldn't help but withdraw. He had a faint feeling. Nie still had a lot of terrible backhands. There was a moment when he even had the feeling of retreat, but in the next moment, the hatred in the deep heart rose again.He himself had longed for the position of the citylord for so many years. Did he really want to give up Ye Yehan and swept Nie away a bit and turned away from his chest, like a wounded wild wolf, with a backsliding look?The onlookers of the crowd have opened a road to Ye Han.Nie Ju looked at the back of Ye Han. He knew that Ye Han would not be so easy to leave. Nie Li would not be able to see Ye Han under the watchful eyes. However, if Ye Han was unwilling to stop, Nie Li had to come up with a hand to deal with it. HeEven if Ye Han has a little bit of bad thoughts, Nie Li will definitely use all his strengths so that he can never stand up. All the trainees of Shenglan College are watching Ye Han leave and immediately turn to look at Nie Li. Deep fearYe Han is the first strongman and the first genius of the last Shenglan College. It is said that the Golden Star can defeat the strong player of the Golden Star when it is a gold star, and now it has reached the level of Gold Samsung.However, Ye Han actually failedEven more shocking is that Ye Han is twenty years old and Nie Li is only fourteen years old.What a terrible perversion is this now the name of the first genius of this glorious city, I am afraid that it will fall on Nie Li without any suspense.Soon, Nie Li's name will be spread throughout the city of gloryNie Li took back his gaze and pointed to Xiao Lian-er, 6 Piao, Du Zeyin and others: “Let’s go.Although Nie Li was able to defeat Ye Han, he was a little surprised. However, Xiao Lian Er or 6 Piao, Du Ze, and others were all quickly adopted. Anything born on Nie Li was not so exciting. Amazing thingsA group of people turned to leave under the watch of all the trainees.In the woods of Shenglan College, Ye Han used soul power to continue the broken ribs back, and then he bit his teeth and smear the wounded medicine on the wound.“Oh, the first genius of the once glorious city is now like a wild dog. It's a pity to pick up a wound here.” A seductive female voice rang."Who" leafed in the eyes of Ye Han and killed a lot of sharp blemishes in his right hand."I just came to care about you, there's no need to be so fierce." A figure came out from behind the tree, and the figure was enchanting and slender. She was strewn with astonishing temptation. This man was the original substitute teacher of the military primary class. Shen Xiu who was driven away by NieSeeing Shen Xiu, Ye coldly groaned. He and Shen Xiu were students of the same period at Shenglan College. Before the relationship was not so good, but they also said a few words, so Ye Han was a bit impressed."It was you, what I was looking for," Ye coldly groaned. Shen Xiu's cultivation was far inferior to him. He did not put the other person at heart."As the son of an adult of the city, do you willingly give way to the position of the landlord?" said Shen Xiu, his mouth slightly upturned."No matter how I do it, this matter has nothing to do with you"The leaves said gloomily"Oh, when you were in school, you were really cool to people. I really don't understand. Ye Zihao's little girl had something good, and it made you feel so soft about it."Shen Xiu smiled and said," If you say, I have a way to make you wish to climb up to the position of the landlord, and you want to get the Ye Zi Xiao girl, you are not interested "Ye Han looked a bit surprised Shen Xiu, sneered: “Your sacred family is a mud buddha who crosses the river. It is difficult for you to protect yourself. Do you still think about yourself?"My sacred family has inherited thousands of years in the city of glory, but of course it cannot be dumped so quickly. The family of wind and snow wants to suppress my sacred family. It's not that simple," Shen Xiu said proudly. "But you're in the end, you're just Ye Zongyi's return to a nurturing child, do you think that even if Nie does not appear, you are eligible to step into the position of the landlord? Haha, really innocent ridiculous "" you "Ye Han eyes flashed a fierce light, like It is a fierce wolf, heading towards Shen Xiuyu.Unfinished