Nie Li is a tiger toothed panda, and his body has surged up to nearly two meters. However, the tiger tiger panda who looks like a nagging tiger looks like a domineering dragon in front of him. It doesn't look like a hierarchy.The people were ashamed. They completely did not expect that Nie Li would actually summon a tiger tooth panda when facing the Jinjiadi dragon demon spirit.Is Nie Li come funny? Tiger fangs are almost all of the monster creatures, the lowest creatures, even the most powerful tiger toothed panda, I am afraid that only bronze, silver grade, and the golden armored dragon animal, but the highest peak of black gold monsters , There are some powerful Golden Dragons that can even reach the legendary strength"This is actually a tiger tooth panda, don't underestimate this tiger tooth panda, but this tiger tooth panda defeated the sacred family several levels of genius!" Some people have seen the genius war organized by the sacred family and saw Nie Lifang. The look of Panda fighting"What if this tiger toothed panda differs from itself, what can it do to kill Jinjiadi dragon? It's really ridiculous!" Nie Li calmly went to the battle and looked straight ahead as he merged the tiger tooth panda demon spirit. Golden Dragon"Hahaha, boy, is this your demon spirit? Fighting me with a tiger tooth panda, I really do not know how to live or die!” Ye Han proudly laughed. In his mind, his golden dragon is The most powerful one is based on Nie from a tiger toothed panda and also wants to conquer him. It is simply not knowing what to do! "Whoever knows what is life and death, I just played it!" Nie said lightly.In many of the powerful spiritual growth spirits, Nie Li chose this tiger tooth panda, which is not unreasonable.The process of blending the demon spirit with the nightmare pot is often the strongest demon spirit that devours other demon spirits and eventually survives.In that round of integration, Nie Li released a lot of powerful demon spirits. Eventually a tiger-toothed panda was integrated. In other words, this tiger-fang is the perfect condition! And Tiger Panda did not disappoint him."It seems that you don't see the coffin and don't cry. Then I'll see, how much energy do you have in the end!" Ye Han drank, and behind him the giant tail slammed it down to Nie's tiger tooth panda. The tail of a huge hammerhead, tearing the air, soundsSeeing that the huge tail hammer whistled, Nie deviated from the tumbling position, and he rushed out with a tail hammer.The ground was bombarded by a tail hammer and suddenly exploded. It was taken out of life by a huge pit, and the dust was everywhere.“The action is quite fast!” Ye Han’s eyelids are slightly slender, but he did not expect the tiger tooth panda from Nie to look clumsy, but the degree is surprisingly fast.Jin Jia Long Long had a violent attack and the ground was constantly blastedNie kept dodging and did not take the initiative to attack Ye Han. Ye Han's attack was impenetrable, and it was very difficult to find flaws.The tail-wielding hammer was thrown from time to time. If it was accidentally struck by a tail hammer, it would be very uncomfortable for Nie to leave his current strength.In the gold class, Ye Han’s actual combat ability is truly extraordinary. He is the first talent in the previous glorious city.Nie Li constantly ducked and searched for the flaws of Ye Han. At this time, Ye Han felt a faint heart. He thought that he was attacking a silver star with his gold Samsung's strength. It was not yet. Is it easy to put the other person down? However, the fact is contrary to his expectations, Nie Li is as slippery as a muddy, and every attack is deterred by Nie.However, this sentiment was only maintained for a brief moment. Ye Han then fell silent. After all, he experienced numerous life-and-death battles in the outside world. His mood will be disturbed by this small frustration."It seems that I had previously underestimated you, but when you met me, there was only one outcome, and that is, lose! I will let you know and understand, what is real power!" Ye coldly groaned, his gold A red light flashed, and immediately afterwards, he suddenly spewed a stout pillar of fire.Feeling a warm wave from Ye Han’s body, Nie Li was prepared for advancement. The Dragons and even the Aarons had the ability to handle some flames."Issued the trick so quickly? Then I'll come to join in a lively event!” Nie left Zhang and said, and he saw a black and white ball of light in his mouth. Two light balls flew and flew toward the Dragon Flame.The black-and-white light balls fluttered in the air, collided in the Flames of Earth Dragons, and then burst open.The impact of the explosion swept the area around a few tens of meters, and the flames of the dragon flames were blown apart and the sparks scattered.Awesome power! Ye Han was blown out by the shock wave and landed tens of meters away. After landing on the ground, he sighed and gasped. At the moment, he appeared to be a bit embarrassed by the flames, and the golden scales were covered with roundabouts. Black tracesBut there was no better place for Nie Li from there. Although he had prepared for it, he had quickly retreated tens of meters when the light was blown out. However, it was still scattered in the flames and burned some fur.The power of the light darkness explosion is not so strong because after the contact with the dragon flame, it exploded and exploded several times, making Nie Li’s unpredictability.The original light dark explosion, after encountering the flame power will be greater, Nie from secretly thoughtThe darkness of the light and the intensity of the explosion caused by contact with the flames caused the students in the distance to be affected as well. The power generated by the explosion overturned many people and screamed again and again. Only some students who had good practice responded quickly. Dodge it, it has not been affectedThey looked back and looked at the big pit in the middle of the Yanwu Stadium. They were stunned by their hearts. What kind of strength was this? I am afraid that only those who are close to the black gold level will be able to blow out such amazing power. These two people are so perverted! Ye Han was full of gruff, his eyebrows shimmered with a hint of shock and unwillingness. He was unwilling to say that he was the best genius in the glorious city of young generations, and reached the age of twenty. Gold Samsung's level, why does this guy, just 13 or 14 years old, have the same strength as him? Since one time, he can only be looked up by others and accept the envy of others. However, today, he feels hot on his face.The first genius position he sat on, I'm afraid he must give it to Nie right away.No wonder even righteous fathers, so indulging Nie LiWith Nie's talent, to continue to grow, it is bound to be a glorious city and another legendary demon psychic master who dominates the fate of the City of Glory.If Nie Li really reached the legendary level, even if Ye Zong took the place of the Lord of the City and gave it away to Nie, it would be a good idea.At the same time, if Nie Li likes Ye Zixuan, then the entire family of Feng Xue will also promote such a marriage.Ye Han tightly holds his fist, and his inner resentment is almost reaching the edge of the explosion.It turns out that all my efforts are in vain.Has it been something for me? When Ye Han recalled his childhood, he was brought into the main city house by Ye Zong. At the moment he saw the magnificent hall in the Shwedagon Puppet State, he told himself in his heart that he must become the master of the city, seeing At the moment of Ye Zixuan, he also constantly told himself that he must marry Ziye.However, all the illusions are shattered at this moment, just like the water in the mirror.Ye Han's eyes are thrown in crimson colors. It's like an angry beast. I won't let people take these things away from me! The Jinjiadi dragon had a more angry growl, and the repressed power was like a volcano waiting to be sprayed. She felt that Ye Han's voice was unwilling. Nie Li understood the anger of Ye Han’s heart, but even if he was unwilling to do so, Some things do not belong to you. Ye Han took a step, saw the ground cracked like a spider-like crack, some finely-cracked rocks, was directly crushed into a powder, only saw the leaf suddenly, the body grows a golden root spikes, flashing Cold lightSeeing Ye Han's move, even Nie Li was a little surprised. However, he did not expect Ye Han, although he couldn't use all the power of Jin Jia Di Long, but let Jin Jia Land Dragon Demon Spirit complete the first change.After each demon psychic has merged the demon spirits, the soul power in their bodies is also transforming the demon spirits in the process of merging with the demon spirits, making the demon spirits evolve in different directions. After the degeneration, the demon spirit ability Will be greatly improved and evolved different capabilitiesThe mutation is the result of the fusion of the demon spirit for a certain period of time. It was born by coincidence and cannot be forced.For example, Nie Li, although he knows how to promote the transformation of the demon spirit, he did not merge with Shadow Demon Spirit and Tiger Teeth Panda Spirit for a long time.The general gold-level strong can only complete one change at a time, and the variant form can only maintain at most half an hour.In the current strength of Ye Han, it seems a bit too reluctant to maintain a change of shape, so that he seems to be a bit loss of reason, his eyes are in scarlet congested state.“Let me see how you are after the change! How strong is it!” Nie Li slammed into the sea of ​​soul, and a stock of soul power merged into the tiger tooth panda body.Ye Hanyi stepped on the ground, leaping up suddenly, waving a giant fist that sparkled with glares, and fluttered with a fist in the direction of Nie.Nie Li coldly snorted, a pair of boxing punches were suddenly made on the double fists. This was a kind of soul punch that Nie had taken from the Treasure family treasure house before.Nie left his fist with fists and punched Ye Han. A powerful impact caused Nie Liteng to roll a few meters and it fell.However, the combination of Ye Han and Jia Jia Di Long had more scars on his fist.The soul soldier is the most powerful weapon to deal with the demon spirit. Even if it is a demon spirit that is extremely powerful in defense, it can easily break through.