Ye Han's dagger was hung on Shen Xiu's neck. His voice was cold and cold: "I believe if I gently stroke your neck, you are dead!" "Ye Han, you will not treat you like this." Old classmates"Shen Xiu did not think with a smile and smiled." I bet you will not kill me because I know what kind of person you are.""What do you think I am? "Ye Han's eyes flashed with a fierce look, affixed to Shen Xiu's neck and said in a word."You are a talented person, but also a man who does nothing to achieve his purpose. From the very beginning, you understand that you want to be a landlord and face unimaginable resistance, except Ye Zong and a few others. The entire family of wind and snow is your enemyOnly our sacred family can help you get the position of the landlord"Shen Xiu did not care about the dagger on his neck, and his mouth smiled a deep smile."“It depends on your sacred family, but also dares to confront the family of Feng Xuexue!” Yeh laughed coldly,"If you add, the Dark Society?" Shen Xiu eyebrows"Your sacred family really colluded with the Dark Society.“Ye Han’s voice is cold to the extreme.” “Are you afraid? I told this news to my father? "" Haha, then what, Ye Han, you will not be so childishThe family of wind and snow has long known that we are dealing with the dark guild, but we are suffering from no evidence to thoroughly attack our sacred family.If the family of Feng Xue is going to exterminate my sacred family because of something that catches the wind, how can the family of wind and snow be convinced? "Shen Xiu has no fear of authenticityYeh froze coldly: "If I were a city owner, I wouldn't be obliged to convince the public. Let's kill the sacred family first!" "That is you, you are not a city owner. What is the use of these words? Before you become a city-owner, let alone be a family of wind and snow. Even our sacred family may not be able to see you.Shen Xiuyi smiled"I have personality, I like itI have a little bit of interest in your plan. How do you want to cooperate with me? "Ye Han paused for a moment. In his eyelids, he flashed a hint of light and laid down his dagger. At this time, he was just like the Holy Family and had no choice."Shen Xiu had expected that Ye Han would agree"This is not a place to talk, come with me"Shen Xiu ran awayYe Han thought for a moment and followed him up. The figure of the two people quickly disappeared at the end of the woods.On the edge of the city's main palace, there is an old building here, which is washed by wind and rain, leaving traces of mottled trails on the city walls.These huge domes, with the buildings of the City of Glory, do not seem to matchBefore the Dark Ages, there were many inhabitants of the City of Glory, but after the outbreak of the Wyrm Fight, all the residents were killed by the Wicked Animals, and no bones remained. No one knew the history of the glorious city.Later, five legendary ancestors, with hundreds of thousands of people, fought and retired in the mountains of the patriarchs, retired to the glorious city and began to rebuild the city.After this, the City of Glory had been destroyed many times, but the ancestors were rebuilt again and again. This made the inheritance of various families continue to this day.Only the original stories of the City of Glory have been annihilated in the long river of history. Most of the buildings in the City of Glory have been reconstructed. Only these dome buildings are preserved today.The center of these domes is shrouded in a faint white light curtain. Even a legendary wizard can't penetrate it.This should be a huge ancient law, full of mysterious colorsOn the wall of a domed building, there are many confusing embossed lines, and a faint glow from time to time.Before the demise of the City of Glory in the past, Ye Moda knew how to break this circle, but had not yet had time to crack the mysteries of this circle. The City of Glory suffered a catastrophe.I don’t know what Ye Momo’s found out in this ancient law array. The result was spotted by the Dark Guild.Nie Li and his party appeared here. Before coming here, Nie Li merged with the shadow demon spirit. After several triplings, it was determined that no one had followed it.“Nie Li, what are we doing here?” Lu asked, in a puzzled voice, that he had visited this place when he was little, playing with many friends in this neighborhood, but the center of the building was covered by a layer of enchantment. Can't go in"You know it in a minuteAlthough Nie had only learned from the words of Ye Zixuan's lips in his previous life, he still understands a lot of things and analyzes ways to crack this ancient circle.After all, Nie Li’s knowledge has reached an extremely alarming degree.Duze looked at Nie Li and thought thoughtfully: “Is it that you have a way to break this enchantment outside?” Wei Nan and others also looked at Nie Li. They are very familiar with this place, but they listen. The grown-ups said that even the legendary demon spirit master Ye Moi could not break out of this layer of enchantment. What can Nie Di be able to do? "follow meNie Li said, walking toward this ancient law arrayJust as they were about to step into this ancient battle array, a figure in the distance flew towards here."Lapiao, you stand for me!" The voice was crisp but the air was bright.Hearing this voice, Lu Piao suddenly blows out his hair. He shrinks his head and hurriedly says to Nie Li: “Nie Li, I'm going first. You say I'm not!” After the speech, Lu Piao Just want to escapeIn the moment that Lu Fei soared, Nie suddenly shot and grabbed the clothes floating on the ground. Lu Pang floated up and swept away. He was caught offensively by Nie Li and returned with a bang."Nie Li, what are you doing?"“I’m not doing anything. I would like to ask where are you going?” Nie opened his mouth and said very innocently."Don't ask, I'm going to flash first, or else I'm going to kill a person!" Lu floated in a grimacing face and quickly got up again.Nie suddenly stepped forward. I saw Lu Peng’s moment of just starting to leap. She was deafened by Nie and fell to the ground with a bang. Lu Piao almost cried: “Nie Li can’t be a good friend. "" You are too careless, you first say what you want to do, so that we can rest assured! "Nie away is slowly and said"I come back to tell you"Lu Piao is preparing to sweep up and suddenly turned his head and glanced at Nie Li." You are not allowed to pull me any more! "" I did not pull you! You first say why you want to run! "In fact, at this time, Nie Li could not help but laugh at the corner of his mouth. From hearing the familiar voice, he already knew what was happening. After a series of delays, it was only a delay."You pull me again, your friends do it!" Lu floater was asked so many times by Nie Li, almost broke out.Nie Li raised his hands and said, "I will not pull you, let's go!" Lu Piao is preparing to take a swift rapture. He only listens to the crisp voice behind him and cries, "If Lu Piao, if you dare to run again, this life will be different. Come to see me!” Hearing this sound, Lu Piao swept out a few meters, paused, and finally pulled his head back, a bitter gourd face not to mention how depressedNie left this and looked back. When I saw a young girl standing there, she wore a fiery red suit and her hands were on her hips. There was an indescribable arrogance. This girl was Xiao Xue.Looking at the little red chilli peppers with eyes open, Nie can't help but fall into a long memory. Lu Piao and Xiao Xue's past lives can be regarded as a happy family.At a very young age, Lu Piao and Xiao Xue were very good childhood sweethearts and had always liked each other silently, but after they grew up, the two had never cracked through the layer of window paper.Only the repairs of the two were too much. Xiao Xue was an extremely talented person. He was very hard-working. The cultivation was progressing very quickly. Lu Piao was not properly shaped all day long, and cultivation did not work hard, but Xiu Yue was further removed by Xiao Xue.Nothing was floating on the ground because she peeked at Shaw's bath and she was held by the Xiao family.However, the repair of Xiao Xue is, if it is not conniving Lu Piao, Lu Pingpiao can see Xiao Xue bath? There are always many tragicomic plays in life. Due to Xiao's opposition, Xiao Xue was finally married to Lu Jia’s master. The two lovers finally broke up.And Gone with the Wind, it's awkward, living in painThe moment the wall of the City of Glory was broken, Wicked Wildness swept through the city, Lu Pang frantically searched for Xiao Xue, and when the time came, the two were married under the witness of Nie Li and Du Ze.However, the combination of the two was only a few hours. Xiao Xue died to defend the city of glory. Lu Ping refused to follow the fugitives to leave, but also calmly went to death.Nie Li vaguely remembers Lu Ping’s calm smile. At that moment, Nie Li cries like a child.Although Lu Piao floated in waves, it was a sincere one for Xiao Xue, and even dared not express himself in his heart. In the end, Xiao Xue could only marry others under the family's arrangement. In Lu Piao's inferiority and humiliation, if Liao Piao dared to fight and dare to fight for it, Xiaoxu might have done his best.However, Lu Feng did not respond to Xiaoxue, blindly dodging, which led to Xiao Xue frustratedIn past life's tragedy, Lu Piao did have a lot of faults. Nie Li was also angry and indisputable. He looked at Lu Piao, who was pulling his head back and rolled back. Nie smiled from the corner of his mouth and secretly thought that Lu Piao could only help you. HereMaybe this time, between Lu Piao and Xiao Xue, it will change because of the arrival of Nie Li.Xiao Xue looked at Nie Li and Du Ze’s group of people. He paused and asked, “You are all Lu Pang's friends?” In addition to Nie Li, Du Ze and others looked at Xiao Xue with strange looks.(To be continued)