"Everyone has a soul crystal. You need to save your first soul crystal. Before the soul power reaches 500, this soul crystal can be used.If you have more than five hundred soulpowers, you must buy a mid-level soul crystal! “Nie left the road and handed the primary soul crystal to Du Ze and Lu Piao et al.Seeing Nie Li handing them soul crystals, Wei Nan, Zhu Xiangjun, and Zhang Ming all showed a fearful look."How can we accept such a valuable thing?" Weinan said, a primary soul crystal is worth a thousand demon spirits. Their living expenses for two years are not that much, and Nie was sent to him."Yeah, we can't accept!" Zhu Xiangjun hurriedly refused to sayThis is also true of Zhang Ming. They are all children of civilians. Where did they take such valuable things? "If Nie left, you will! If you don't treat us as brothersDuze wrinkled his brow, sinkingAlthough Duze is also a civilian, but still very prestigious, Weinan trio as one, nodded his head, took the primary soul crystal from the hands of Nie, they are full of gratitude"Nie Li, thank you. After you were our big brother, what did you tell us?"Weinan three people have a lot of roads, and they have psychologically agreed with Nie Li and decided to follow Nie Liyun.When we heard Weinan’s trio, Nie Li smiled. There are these good brothers. Nie Yi’s efforts to do everything are more effective! "Daze, let's test it first!" Nie Li looked at Du Zedao. "It's the same time as the entrance test!""Dyzer nodded his head, and the junior took the primary soul crystal, slowly injecting the soul into the primary soul crystal. The primary soul crystal gradually shined brighter and brighter, reflecting the tenderness of Duze but with a little Old cheeks, a spot of gleam, flying in the soul crystalThis brightness is a bit away from the bronze spiritWhen they look away, they can know the approximate quantity. Each spot represents a little soul power."Daze, you have made progress very quickly. There are fifty-two soul powers!" Lu Ping's sensationalism, his soul power reached fifty-two, and Duzer should be the first of them to reach one hundred soul power. Become a Bronze Star Demon SpiritorDuze sees Nie Li and Nie Lizhen is watching God’s Crystal.In Nie Li’s opinion, tens or hundreds of souls are meaningless regardless of the strength of the soul. The most important is the attributes and forms of the demon spirit.I saw the white light spots in the crystal of the soul, shining with gray-red light, and from time to time they gathered together and changed in various shapes, such as a single cloud.After seeing this scene, Nie departed from the moment when the color of astonishment appeared, and he disappointed: "It is actually a thunder and fire system, and the soul sea is a sky-ray thundercloud form."No wonder Duze's past lives are so much faster than other brothers. The sea of ​​souls in Tianlin's thundercloud form, plus the talent of Thunderfire, is a perfect match."It is only a pity that Past Life Daze learned from the sacred flame, so practicing to the level of gold one star is already his limit.But in this life, with him, Duze will have a great change“What Leihuo Fire Department, Tianlin Thundercloud?” everyone puzzled“There is no disfigured soul sea in this world. The sea of ​​souls in seven colours of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple represents each individual’s unique personality and talent. For various reasons, some soul seas are easier to cultivate, but not to say The Red Sea of ​​Souls is a waste, so long as you find a suitable cultivation practice, even if it is a red sea of ​​souls, it can burst into powerful power.Those who divide the sea of ​​souls into threes and sixs and so on, in the cultivation of soul power, are a group of laymen! "Nie laughs lightlyNie Li’s words were heard by Du Ze and Lu Geng and others. It was tantamount to thunder and thunder in the ground. This was too ridiculous. From the beginning of the glorious city, those legendary figures also told them that the sea of ​​souls was divided into three. Sixty-nine and so on, the orange is stronger than the red one, the yellow one is stronger than the orange one... Is it that the legendary strongmen are just a group of laymen? In the understanding of the soul sea, even the legendary strong, with Nie Li is not a level, Nie can despise any legendary strongBecause the past lives of Nie Qi, has already reached the legendary level, they are unimaginable realmNie Li continued: “As long as we find a suitable cultivation method, any sea of ​​souls can cultivate to the legendary destiny realm! Duze is a yellow soul sea and belongs to the thunder and fire system. The form of the soul sea is Tianlin Leiyun. Suitable for cultivation is the thunderbolt firework and thunderbolt fireflies. The appropriate demon spirit is Tianlin Wicked. If these conditions are fulfilled, the achievements will be amazing.But if you practice other meditation, the speed of cultivation will be much slower.“After hearing Nie Li’s words, Duzey expressed his distressed look and said: “Unfortunately, the thunderbolt system of the City of Light is incomplete. Even if it is recorded in some ancient books, it is also very old...” Du Zezheng Talking about what suddenly came to mind, Nie Li could read even the rituals of Lei Huo. His eyes suddenly looked to Nie Li.When I saw this, Nie Li exposed the smiling smile on the chest and said: “There is something I can worry about. It is only Lei Gong Gong. I can't help me. I have 69 strong Lei Gong. Law, which one do you want to cultivate?" No, this method is too overbearing, especially after cultivation to the back, it is very easy to damage the meridiansTian Lin? It is indeed suitable for Duze's constitution, but Tian Lin’s practice is not a problem, but after all, no one really cultivated it, including the creator of Tian Lun’s vision. From the perspective of Nie Li’s eyes, Tian Lin’s vision The first nine are very safe, but the latter three are very difficult.The strength of Tianlin’s elk is unquestionable, and cultivation to the ninth is already amazing. After the threefold, we must look at the opportunity of Duzer.“Learning to learn Tianlin is a good thing. This is one of the three strongest exercises in all thunderbolt exercises. I will teach you to me. I will also take the time to copy it for you. “Nie Li taught Tian Ling’s mouth to Duze. Tian Lin’s mouth was not obscure. Duze soon remembered.After studying meticulously, Duzeton was shocked and shocked. Tian Linxuan was definitely more powerful than any of his current practice. By merely meditating on his mouth, he felt his soul sea frenzy swelled up, and there was a noticeable increase in the soul power.This has not yet begun to cultivate it, actually it has already begun to push the soul sea, soul power began to increase! It is foreseeable that after the practice of Tianlin Temple, what will be the speed at which Douglas will make rapid progress? All along, Duze struggles for the fate of the family. His ideal is to change the fate of his parents and his people. But he also understands that the goal is too distant and distant, but at this moment, Duze feels that He carefully cultivates Tianlin Temple. All this will not be a problem! This is all given by Nie Li! "In the past few days, I have written down the skills of each layer in detail to you!" Nie smiled slightly.Duze was full of gratitude to Nie Li. His eyes were red and he solemnly said: “I don’t give away my kindness. I’m gratitude to Duzer. If Nie will use my place for you in the future, it will be a knife. Under the sea, if I Duze wrinkles my brows and is willing to die from the Scourge!" "Don't say so, we are good brothers! It's just a trick!" Nie Li smiled and patted Duze.For Nie Li, this is just a mere exercise, but for Duze, this meaning is very different! Lu Piao at this time has been impatient, and said in a side: "I hear you talk teeth are sour, and of course the brothers must have the same difficulties to enjoy! Nie Li, I am the red soul of the sea, but also for the cultivation of soul power? "Of course, everyone can practise, even if it is a sea of ​​red souls. It's just that the exercises for cultivation are different!"Lu Piao began to inject soul power into the soul crystal. Soon, the soul crystal glowed a faint glimmer, and there were a dozen of reddish light spots fluttering. The brightness was much smaller than that of Duze! Seeing this scene, Lu couldn't help but blush. His soul power was so low that he could“The red soul sea belongs to the chaotic system. It is in the shape of a red yang!” Nie deviated his brow. “The sea of ​​souls in the form of red sun is relatively ordinary, but it is actually a chaotic system. It’s a bit seldom, hundreds of thousands. There is not necessarily a chaotic system among the people. It is better to cultivate Chaos Holy Spirit!" "The Chaos Holy Spirit is not strong enough?" Lu Chao suddenly asked with excitement, listening to the name is very disappointing"Of course, the Chaos Holy Spirit is not inferior to the Tianlin Temple, and it doesn't require too much effort to cultivate. It only needs to cultivate the chaotic atmosphere in the body. It is suitable for you.Nie Li laughed. "As for whether you can cultivate to the highest realm, it depends on your good fortune.""After hearing Nie Li's words, Lu Piao's eyes lit up. This method is just too suitable for him. He smiled and said:" Do not need to practice to the highest realm, as long as it reaches the silver astral spiritual realm realm, I will be satisfied"Silver, a star of the demon psychic teacher ... ... If the creator of the Holy Spirit knows that the ideal of Lu Piao so "great", it is estimated that a dead heart has been"Silver One Star..." Nie Li also said silently. It is estimated that it will take a long time. Lu Piao will find out how the present dream is childish and ridiculous. He believes that chasing the Holy Spirit, even if he wants to be stable at the level of a silver star, it will be difficult to reach the sky. , because with the accumulation of gas in the body chaos, Lu Piao's cultivation will suddenly advance to the degree of metamorphosis! Nie Li began to test Wei Nan and others. They also sent Wei Nan and others to a powerful training method. Although they were not as chaotic as the Holy Spirit and Tian Lin, they were not the same as those that were transmitted in the glorious city. Comparable exercises that are best suited to their constitution will surely do more with less! Waiting to reach the bronze five-star realm, and then find the demon spirit that suits them, the actual combat ability will be able to surge! After taking a glance at the soul crystal in his hands, Nie left to test his talent. For various reasons, Nie Li walked a lot of detours, and the practice of cultivation was rather complicated and imprecise. As a result, the cultivation behind him became weaker and weaker. In this world, he wants to find a way that best suits his cultivation!