Xiao Xue soon chatted with Xiao Tinger, and the two girls easily found a common topic.At this time, Nie Li was completely immersed in how to crack this ancient law.Beside this ancient law array, there are a total of 16 dome towers, each of which is at least six meters high. The walls of each tower are engraved with a very complex pattern of embossing. Between each line of graciousness seems to exist. Some kind of unique connectionIn ancient times, hundreds of thousands of lines were inherited. Each line contains a certain kind of unique strength. Some of the lines can be combined to express the power of imagination.Nie Li’s understanding of these imprints is only aboutHowever, from the layout of this ancient law circle, you can learn a lot of things. At the same time, Ye Moi adults cracked this circle before. Nie Li also knows where the office is located. Otherwise, it is only through Nie Li’s understanding of Mingwen. It is impossible to break this ancient law arrayNie Li walked to one of the tall towers. The right hand slowly touched each of the Ming dynasty and eventually landed on one of the slightly raised embossed patterns, and then injected a touch of soul into the jingo pattern. Emerald suddenly shines brightlyNie was slightly excited. He finally found one of the sixteen embossed charactersThe light on this mingled pattern slowly condenses into a bundle and shoots towards the enchantment ahead.Enchantment shakesBut soon recovered calm"Anything happened," everyone was a little surprised and looked in the direction of Nie's departure. He was surprised to see that the pattern of strange light was released.Nie Li can really find a way to solve the enchantment. Everyone can't help but look forward to it. They are all grown up in the glorious city. Many people have come here, but no one has ever opened the enchantment here. Into the enchantment, what was hidden in this enchantment, Nie smiled and took it back.Going to the second dome towerHey, the second etched pattern was also found by Nie Li.Followed by the third and fourth routesThe fifth track was lightened up, debuted in a beam of light, and a beam of light focused on the enchantment. Immediately afterwards, enlightenment sparked a mystical glow.In the end, there is a gorgeous spot of light, like an endless cloud."Go, let's go in"Nie left waved to everyoneNie Li’s speech just fell and I saw that the enchantment gradually became thin and eventually disappeared.Nie Li first entered the enchantment, followed by Xiao Geling, and 6 Piao, Du Ze, and others. All eight people entered the enchantment.After a moment, the enchantment reunites and becomes clearLike endless shuttlesRound road flashesNie Li and others appeared in the center of a very worn and ancient battle system. In the middle is something like a troupe, surrounded by a huge pillar with mysterious etched lines.The icy rain is falling on the ground. Looking into the distance, it is an endless dark wasteland. The shadowy shadows of the distant mountains and the top of the hill are endless.The croaks of distant monsters bleak"Where did we go?" 6 Piao et al.Just after they were still in the City of Glory, why did you come to this place and you did not think of this place in the enchantment? It was such a mysterious world."It's just like the dayThis should be a space opened up by a strong person.“Nie Li said in silence for a moment. When he looked at this stone array, the array of patterns on the stone array was bleak, and there were a few slots that seemed to be supposed to be placed, but it was already empty.It should be a stone of glory and you have to find the Stone of GloryPut in these slots to open the returning troop. At this moment, a monkey-like creature appears in the distance. It has no hairs. The skin is a scarlet color. The ears are pointed and hands are Very short, but with very sharp and slender claws, the raised eye is like a blue jewel, with a faint glow"Hey," this creature looks at this side, it seems to call several times. After a few moments, there are several such creatures in the wasteland. They also all stared at the others and looked at Nie Li and others.After seeing this scene, Nie departed immediately and felt numbness in the scalp. He shouted to Xiao Lian'er and 6 Piao and others: “This is the ghost, we are going to go.” “What is the red ghost?” everyone is slightly surprised, but when they see Nie From such a tense look, suddenly realized that this stuff is absolutely extremely dangerousHey, everyone follows Nie and flies away“咕叽咕叽"The ghosts at the back are like being stimulated and yelling wildly, chasing after Nie Li and others."Red ghosts are just silver monsters. They are named because they are ugly. Although most of the ghosts are silver one-star level, the ghosts like this creature like to rush in prey, just a ghost. It’s calling for companions. If you slow down, I’m afraid that you will gather hundreds of ghosts. It’s going to be very scary.In the grassy land next to the “Wandering” next to the wasteland, one ghost after another leaped from the grass and rushed toward Nie Li and others.Nie Li shouted low and merged shadows to kill the demon spirits. His hands immediately turned into sharp, forelimbs like a sickle.Two red ghosts were directly strangled by NieOthers are also preparing to merge the demon spirits. Nie Lisheng replied: "You don't mix demon spirits for a while and keep running. All the red ghosts have given me the solution."If other people fuse the demon spirits, it is very obvious on this wilderness. I am afraid that more red devils will soon be attracted. Only Nie Li's shadow kills the demon spirit. It won't attract people in this dark environment." noteEveryone was very confident in Nie Li. After hearing Nie Li’s words, they did not merge the demon spirit and marched forward.A series of screams were heard. There were several red ghosts being killed by Nie Liyi. Nie Lifeng’s sickle-shaped forelegs were like meat grinders. When the red ghosts were killed, the action was clean and tidy. It is a blow to death and never performs a second attack on the same devil.This terrible killing rate has even shocked people like Du Ze and 6 Giao.These ghosts are all silver one-star creatures, but they did not fight back under the attack of Nie Li. Each time they were directly spiked.Although it is also a silver five-star level of repair, but Duze, 6 Piao and others are almost certain that if they really fight, they are definitely not Nie Li opponents, even if several people may not be able to win togetherThe crowd rushed all the way, the more red ghosts behind the more gathered, chasing after the screaming, from time to time to save, Zhao Nie away from the other side to pounce onNie departed from the knife-shaped forelegs, and the devils were suddenly flitted out and blood spattered."Nie Li, what to do, more and more red ghostsDuze said in a hurryNie departed from his brows and if they continued to go on like this, they would be trapped in an endless siege battle. Although their strength was beyond these ghosts, they could not stop the number of red ghosts too much."Nie Li, you see the distance, there is a light" 6 floating surprise saidOn the distant plains, a ray of light swayed in the wind. Although it was drizzle, it was a little foggy, but the light did not go out."Here is a place to live," Xiao Geling also wrinkled his brow with confusion.Nie Li is also a bit strange. Is it this place, people really live in, or the light in the distance is going on in the mind and mind. Nie suddenly understands it, and shrieked: “That is a beacon of light.” The Beastmaster "The Beastmaster is a terrible creature. It will hang a lamp in front of his forehead. When the prey is attracted by the light and approaches it, it will suddenly swallow him.""Nie Li said," Its sharp teeth, even the rocks can be easily crunched, at least are the Wicked Witch above the gold level." Heard Nie Li's words. Duze, 6 Piao and others trembled. I did not expect that. Lights are such terrible creatures. If they accidentally approach, the consequences will be unimaginable.What is the ghost place here? Why does it feel like there is a step-by-step crisis? Nie Li and others are constantly running wild, and the red ghosts that are chasing behind have been thousands, and they are still getting more and more.If you go on like this, I am afraid you are in danger. Once you are dragged into a bitter fight and stop running, you will be finished."I have a way, we are running in the direction of the beast of the beacon," said Nie from Shen Sheng."Didn't you say that it was a terrible monster?" "Although it's a terrible monster, the Beastmaster is slow to move and only comes close to it.In this world, a thing is falling, so many wilderness infested with ghosts and ghosts, but the beast of the beast is safe and sound. It can be seen that the Beacon of Lights is probably the nemesis of these ghosts."Well, anyway, we have no choice. If we continue to go on like this, we will definitely be killed by these ghosts." Duze nodded.Everyone rushed all the way, running in the direction of the lightThe lights were getting closer and closer, only a hundred meters away. However, they only saw a glimmering light, but they did not see anything."Be careful, the beacon can hide in the dark and hold his breath." The crowd quickly stopped breathing and slowed down.The ghosts at the back of the ghosts rushed up and fled towards Nie Li and others.At this moment, a dark scarlet tongue suddenly appeared in the dark night sky, and it was rolled toward these ghosts. One was screaming only in grief and darkness, and it was gone by these long tongues and disappeared in the night sky.The red ghosts behind were scared and fled, they were screaming and scurrying.Unfinished