Under the gaze of the crowd, Xiaoxue suddenly appeared shy and embarrassed. He shifted his hands from his waist and immediately put on a shy and pleasant look. The speed of the change of attitude was simply dazzling.“How are you, I’m Lu’s fiancee. My name is Xiao Xue."Xiao Xue's voice, tender bones are crispIf it weren’t for Xiao Xue’s little chilli, Nie Li, Xiao Ning Er, and Du Ze’s people definitely felt that Xiao Xue was a gentle and virtuous woman."KekeNie Lie was almost picked up. It became too fast. It was a bit unacceptable.Xiao Ning'er, Du Ze and others face each otherXiao Xue grinned with a cute smile and walked over to Lu Yip's side. She took up her arms and said: "Thank you for your care for Lu Piao. I'll take care of it later.""sureDuze and others nodded in a hurryLu Piao at this time, but also eyes sluggishly looked at Xiao Xue, he thought Xiao Xue will come up to him violently flat meal, did not expect Xiao Xue would become so gentle, like a change of generalXiao Xue took a glimpse of Lu Piao. His fierce eyes flashed and his voice was low. He said, "Now, your friend is there, I will give you face, go back and I will clean up.” Then she put on a cute and shy look and looked at Nie Li and others. “Ladder has trouble for you.""YesDuze nodded seriouslyYes? Did you answer like this? When did I trouble you? Land floating just vomiting bloodXiao Xue was also stiff and stiff. Her half a sentence, of course, was just kind. The result was that Duze actually nodded. She couldn't help but glance at Lu Piao. The eyes seemed to be saying that your friend was just like you. ? Du Ze's heart was about to laugh and turn and smileXiao Xue was a glance, Lu drifted shrinking his head, Duze this kid, always give me trouble, is definitely intentional, I will soon revenge! The arrival of Xiao Xue made the people a bit surprised. I did not expect that Lu Piao actually found the girl, and it was such a beautiful one. Although it looks like...a fierce point... It's really ridiculous. Nie is laughing: "Well, welcome a new member to join our team, let's go""set off? Where to go? "Xiao Xue slightly surprised"You know with us"Nie left a mysterious smile, walking toward the ancient law arrayA group of people all entered the ancient law array. Xiao Xue also pulled the floating hand and followed him up.Lu Piao felt the softness of his arms. Although he was a little enjoyable, under Xiao Xue’s deterrence, he could only be serious, stiff, and walked awkwardly. This was a dangerous enjoyment.At the moment of entering this ancient law array, people seem to feel strange spatial distortions."Vientiane Space Array, I did not expect that in the distant era, someone had mastered such a mysterious system."Nie Centaur surprised a little, secretly thought that in past life in the book of space and demon spirit, he just saw the description of the phrase in the space of Vientiane.Time and space are the most mystical laws in the world. The number of people who can master these two laws is very small, and many mysteries have not been passed down.When Nie Li stepped into the Vientiane Space Array, Nie Li felt the scraps of the Book of Demon Spirit in the chest of time, as if he had received some kind of induction, and he suddenly lit up, a mystical Power flows through the pages of the Book of Demon SpiritsIt seems that there was some kind of resonance with Vientiane Space Law.In Nie Centrifuge's slightest move, whether in past or present life, his destiny is closely linked with the book of the demon and demon of time and space. Although closely related to the book of the demon and demon of space and time, Nie Li's mystery to the book of demon and demon in space and time However, little is known about the origin and role of the Book of Space and Demon Spirit. It is still a mystery.Perhaps this Vientiane Space Array is also the key to cracking the puzzles of the Book of Demon Spirits! After Nie Li went forward, he could feel that there was a barrier that seemed soft and overbearing. Nie Li touched that layer of enchantment. The surface of enchantment was very soft and smooth, like silk. Like the brocade, but continued to explore, and slammed it, and shot Nie’s hand back."It was this enchantment. I remember when I was young I came here and wanted to break this layer of enchantment and cut my axe. As a result, the axe flew out and took a kid's hat and cut it off. The kid was directly scared. Pissing his pants on the spot and crying back to talk to his dad about this matter, it caused me to be scolded by my dad."Lumpy said a wordDuze and others couldn't help but laugh. This thing was done. There was a Lu Piao style. Fortunately, the axe flew out to cut the hat, not the head, otherwise Lu Piao would not be beaten as simple as that.You are so shy to say such a shameful thing? Xiao Xue screwed awkwardly on Lu’s waist, making Lu Zhi’s teeth grin“Nie Li, you can't cut it with weapons...” Lu Piao quickly said, he must say, what if Nie Li escapes from the wind? Nie smiled and said: “This is the original enchantment of the Wulan Empire in the later period of the end of the first time of the Dharma era. Twenty-three brilliant stones were used as the core of the operation. Once in operation, even ten legendary strongmen Join hands, but also do not want to break it? Take weapons cut? Haha, unless you have the strength of the super legendThe source of the enchantment? Glorious stone? The crowd heard a confused, although do not understand, but I feel very powerfulThey used a weird look to see Lu Piao. Even the ten legendary strongmen could not break their enemies. Did you take an axe and cut it? "Hey, hello, do you really need to look at me with this look? When wasn't I still young? Who knows what this is?"Xiao Liao Er grinned, smiled and said: “Nie Li, then you have a way to open this enchantment it?” “The method is there, but I have to study it first, you have to rest for a whileNie Li said, he began to study this ancient law.The crowd walked around and curiously looked around. Around this enchantment area, a dome-shaped building was erected. These buildings were covered with mysterious mingles, which gave a faint glow and seemed mysterious.Xiao Ninger stood there quietly, watching Nie Li’s eyebrows in the distance, his eyes flashing in a blur, just looking at Nie Li so quietly. This feeling was good."You are condensate, right?" Xiao Xue took the initiative to come and say hello"OkXiao Ning'er smiled"You're beautiful. You learned about you very early when you were studying at Shenglan College. The famous beautiful woman in Shenglan College!" Xiao Xue smiled wickedly."you flatter meXiao Li's Qiaolian is slightly red"Slightly unexpected, you actually will be with them!" Xiaoxue glanced at Lupin, Duze and others, smiling and laughing, because from the ear of others, she knew that Xiao Ning'er was a frosty person, in St. Lan College did not have a friend, the famous iceberg beauty.Yeah, when did this all change? This accident should happen on the day of the trial.Even Xiao Lian-er was shocked by his own changes. From that day on, her simple, recalcitrant and pale life changed because of the appearance of one person. She is looking forward to seeing Nie away every night. There is a figure in her mind that can never be erased. She has dignity, self-confidence and freedom. She also has a lot of friends for her.This person will always be replaced by othersSee Xiao Longer did not answer for a long time and fell into a long silence. Xiao Xue coughed"Excuse me, I'm goneXiao Geling quickly apologized and looked a little restrained"Nothing"Xiao Xue laughed and she was certainly not so stingy. She knew that Xiao Ning was thinking about things."Xiao Ning'er glanced at the distant land and looked at Xiao Xue again: “Lu Giao is a very interesting person. Although he is a bit indecent, he is a very good person and he is also very loyal to his friends."Listen Xiao Lüer's speech to Lu Piao. Xiao Xue's face was ruddy. Before he boldly announced that he was a Lu floating fiancée, Xiao Xue was already fighting for a girl's face. Who would make Lu Piao? Always so not active? Before Xiao's elders are very opposed to Xiaoxue Lu floating in and out, Xiao Xue is also helpless, although like the floating landing, but it can only succumb to the power of the familyBut recently, Xiao Jia’s elders did not seem to reject Lu’s drift. He also went to Xiao Xue to find Lu Piao.It wasn't until later that Xiao Xue knew that Lu Piao had shown extraordinary talents and had cultivated to the silver level. It's no wonder that the family’s elders did not oppose it.Xiao Xue is not as utilitarian as the elders. She just wants to stay with Lu Yi. She doesn't care how Lu Xiu’s cultivation is in the end. Even if Liao Piao is a waste, she doesn’t care, but Lu Piao can do so. She is very happyHowever, this floating guy always hides himself, making Xiaoxue very depressed."I admire your courage. At least you dare to say who you like.Xiao Lier grinned and looked at Nie Li in the distance. “Welcome to join us""Ok“Xiao Xue nodded and she came here because of Lu Piao. But at the same time, she was also full of curiosity about this group of people. In particular, Nie Li, the leader, had an omniscient feeling. For leaps and bounds, it should be related to Nie Li.A mysterious person, this is Xiao Xue's evaluation of Nie Li, but since it is a friend of Lu Piao, Xiao Xue also accepted Xiao Ninger, Nie Li and others. In front of friends, Xiao Xue is still very good ofIn the world of small peppers, the boundary between friends and enemies is very clear. Lupin’s friend is her friend.(To be continued)