If you know Nie’s thoughts from the moment, don’t know if you would be drowned by talented students.I have to say that after Xiao Leng'e practiced the wind and throne, the skin became more delicate and the temperament became more and more elegant and moving.Compared with Xiao Geling, the female students in the genius class were one by one with the ugly duckling in front of the white swan."I came to youXiao Ning's cheek was slightly red and said softlyXiao Ning'er's voice can be heard by the practitioners around him. It instantly broke his heart. From the expression of the Goddess of the Goddess of Childhood, it can be seen that the Goddess of Condensing is clearly a part of the heart.Depressed in their hearts, they don’t know what way Nie was in the end, but he actually got the favor of the goddess.Many students began to send people to investigate Nie Li's bottom line. If Nie Li is a kid with no background, hey, then don't blame them for being polite."Exactly, we are going to go to a place. You will come together!" Nie smiled slightly."OkXiao Ning'er walked to the side, and Liao looked like a ghost. He made a grimace toward Nie, and then gave Xiao Xing a seat.Xiao Ninger sat down beside Nie Li and was close at hand.Nie was a little embarrassed. If it was seen by the Purple Dragonfly, I am afraid that he would have misunderstood again. However, he could not allow Dingle to leave? When a group of people watched Nie Lihua, a group of people came in. A total of seven people led the family of Chen Linjian of the St. Louis family. Chen Linjian's eyes swept across the classroom. After seeing Nie, his eyes were slightly different. Bright, walked over here"Nie Li, long time no see"Chen Lin sword took the initiative to greet"Chen Shao, long time no seeNie did not stand up and noddedAlthough Nie did not stand up, Chen Linjian did not feel that Nie was rude and smiled: “You are actually interested in attending classes here?” After you finished, Nie sat down in front of you."Come here and you will leave after a whileNie smiledChen Linjian bowed and whispered in Nie Lie’s ear and said, “You must take care that there are several sacred eyes in this genius. They should have been eyeing you, and I’m seeing Shen Xiu is also in Shenglan College. Appears, may be directed at you"" I understand, thank you for reminding Chen Shao"Nie left to nod and Chen Linjian was a good man. Although there was a family of masters, he was very loyal.Seeing that Chen Linjian and Nie Li were laughing and talking about the wind, all the trainees took their former murderous eyes back and jokingly. Even Chen Linjian had to be despised by Nie and they dared to let go. If you provoke Nie Li, it is estimated that you will never know how to die.“How quickly are you practicing in this group of people? If I have time, do I really need to ask you for advice?” Chen Linjian looked at a group of people around Nie and said with emotion that Nie was away from the cultivation speed of these people. Too fast to imagineNie Li laughed and smiled: "Recently Shenglan College has introduced a new practice method. Chen Shao can give it a try and it should be helpful for cultivation.""Oh? "Chen Linjian's eyebrows are picky. They have some interest in authenticity." Then I have to tryJust at this time, the talented students were turmoil again."Ye Han learns to come back!" "Ye Han learns Xue Xue family's Ye Han?" In this genius class, some trainees have seen Ye Han and some newcomers haven't seen it yet, but Ye Han's name is still known to everyone. As we all know, Ye Han was the first talent in the young generation of the glorious city.Ye Han wore a black robe and a cold temperament between his brows came in through the door.The air of the entire talented class seemed to suddenly drop several degrees. All ordinary trainees were scared to speak.Ye Han? What does he come here for? Nie Li slightly frowned and looked up to see Ye Han’s cold and prideful eyes. Then he understood some things and he was not good."I'm afraid he came to you"Lin Lin Jian whispered," Do you want to stop for you? "" No, thank Chen Shao, I am Nie away from this life, God block God, Buddha block the Buddha! “Nie Li said calmly, and she had already had enough of her predecessors. This time, Nie Li wouldn’t be as repulsive as before, and would be born again. If even one of the leaves should hide, it’s not as good as that.” Just killed a headGod block God, Buddha block the Buddha? Although Nie Li's tone is extremely calm, Chen Linjian can feel the boiling war in it. In this glorious city, has anyone ever dared to let go of such frantic rhetoric? Chen Linjian feels blood surging, he felt a bit faint, Nie Li's unique differenceA 14-year-old boy, dared to face the high level of many families at the feast of the city government, took an arrogant attitude, and took away Shen Fei in front of the sacred family’s family.Now dare to say that God blocked God and Buddha blocked the BuddhaNie Li is this arrogant? It should be powerful and confident! A martial arts practitioner is to have the courage to crush everything in order to achieve the highest peak of martial arts! In the heart of Chen Linjian, he suddenly felt something and formed a powerful idea in the soul."God stopped the killing of God and the Buddha blocked the Buddha."Chen Linjian haha ​​smiled and heard such a statement, when floating a big whiteYe Han eyes fell on Nie Li's body and pointed to Nie from Shen Chen: "You, come out!" Ye Han's voice, revealing a sense of murderousnessXiao Ning'er, Du Ze, Lu Piao and others are all worried about looking at Nie Li"Nie Li, the other party is the golden psychic division of Golden Samsung. What's the use of ours?"Duze said next to NieLu Pang, Wei Nan, and others have also shown their firmness. Regardless of how they live in this life, they will firmly stand on the side of Nie. Even if they go to death or death, they will never frown.Nie Li stood up and walked outside. Xiao Ning Er, Du Ze, Lu Geng and others immediately followed.After seeing this scene, the students of the talented classes suddenly felt that they had a good show and they stood up and went outside the classroom.Shenglan College, Wudao Practice FieldThe students in each class here gather more and more, and there are three floors and three floors outside. Many people are unaware of where they are. However, the names of Ye Han and Nie Li are enough to attract many people to watch.Ye Han and Nie Li stand in confrontation. People around them have retreated more than 10 meters. They are oppressed by the soul and they feel that their breath is stagnant."I don't know what the academician Ye Han has to look for?" Nie Li looked at Ye Han calmly and his momentum was not inferior."Since you called me an acoustical leader, then I will educate and educate you today. You must not be so arrogant. You have a day outside. There are people outside."Ye Wei looked at Nie in cold weather." Before the banquet at the Seongsei Province, I continued to give in, and I was not afraid of you. This time I came to warn you, and later stay away from the Purple Dragonfly.“It was all because of a woman. Not to mention this woman is one of the most beautiful women in Shenglan College. The students of Shenglan College all show gossip expressions."I call you a long acoustic, just because you are the son of an adult Lord of the City, Ye Zixi's righteous brother, there are some things, but it will not be your turn to manage.Ye Han, I know that the Lord of the City wants to give you the landlord's place. However, with your qualifications, it is still far from enough. What's more, if you are a foreigner, what qualifications do you have? "Nie Li gazed at Ye Han calmly. From the cold air of the leaves, Nie Li could see a lot of things. I am afraid that Ye Han is aware that his landlord's position is in the game. Then the dog jumps to the wall."All causes are caused by Nie Li. If Ye Han can drive Nie away, the indiscriminate nature of Ye Zixuan is a steadfastness in defending the position of the landlord.In the past life, Nie Li was a weak and uncontested person, but after reborn, Nie Li understood something. The world will not feel sorry for you because of your jealousy. Everything is to be won by yourself.If you do not fight for it, even if it belongs to you, it will be taken away by others.Due to the lack of contact with Ye Han in previous lives, Nie Li did not know what kind of person Ye Han was. However, Nie Li can also infer from the various manifestations of Ye Han and the last battle that did not appear in the glorious city. Some cluesYe Han, is bound to be a stain of Feng Xue family, so that Ye Zixi is reluctant to mention! This world, because of their own appearance, some things may not follow the original trajectory, but in order to guard Ye Ziyan, Nie Li must be careful to guard against Ye Han."I have no qualifications, naturally I do not need you to control, I wind snow family things, grace you an outsider to intervene, since you dare so arrogant, I'd like to see, how much you have the ability!" Ye Han roared with a cry A majestic soul force came out through the body, and then the body continued to grow thick and covered with a layer of golden armor. Behind it was a giant tail with a hammer, and his hands became sharp. ClawIn Nie's experience, Ye Zong’s fellow is really a soft spot for the Earth Dragon. He got a black scale dragon and gave him a golden dragon.Jinjiadilong belongs to the demon spirit of the mad warfare department. In the demon spirits of many mad warfare systems, its strength is only inferior to the real dragons. The strength of the Jinjiadi dragon is also on top of the black scale dragons. Of course, Integrating demon spirit talent is the most crucialYe Zong is able to display the strength of 120% of the black scale dragons, and Ye Han has been able to display the strength of Jinjia Earth Dragon 30%, which is already very good.But even if it's only played out, it's very powerful."Ye Zong is really careful about this dry son. He actually gave him a golden dragon and a demon spirit!" Nie decisively thought that the golden dragon is really strong, but faced with the golden dragon. The demon spirit, heights soared to more than two meters Ye Han, Nie Li was completely fearless