In the dark night sky, a huge monster gradually emerged, and it was like the size of a mountain. It felt a heavy suffocating pressure.Bq.e it has a huge head, it is very terrible, that bloody mouth, enough to swallow a hill, in its bloody mouth, with thousands of scarlet tongues, these tongues can be fast Shooting, rolling up prey and then engulfingAlthough these long tongues only have thick arms, they are very tough and extremely difficult to cut off. Even if they are cut off, the Beacons can instantly grow numerous tongues.Nie Li and others held their breath and stood motionless. Even if one or two ghosts flew in front of them, they were completely afraid to move.I saw only a red ghost rolled up quickly by this long tongue, and was swallowed by a beaconThese ghosts are exactly the prey of the beaconsThe ghosts fled and fled. At this moment, only audible screams and Xiao Xue was curled up by a long tongue in the distance."Xiao Xue, be careful"Landao suddenly anxious, and quickly merged with the red blood leopard, roared, rushed toward the flying Xue Xiao.Nie escaped from the dark path and quickly merged the tiger tooth panda, and his body quickly changed"Lu Piao“Xiao Xue yelled anxiously, sticking her long tongue tightly around her thighs, arms and chest, giving her a feeling of almost suffocation. A smell of rancid was blowing and Xiao Xue’s eyes went A bit blurred, this taste seems to contain a kind of psychedelic material, Xiao Xue struggled for a moment, it was weakThe claws of the red-blooded leopard slammed down, groaned, cut off the long tongue with Xiao Xue's tongue, and then he took Xiao Xue and flew down.The beastly beast was furious and angry, and his mouth grew thousands of long tongues and rolled out towards Nie Li and others."Lu Piao, you go first, here to us!" Nie left his mouth to spit out a dark lightA black and white ball of light goes towards the Great LightsThe two black and white balls of light burst in the mouth of the Beastmaster, and hundreds of long tongues broke into pieces and flew down.At this time Duze et al. also constantly slashed the long tongues from the flying scrolls.Followed by Lu Pang et al.Wei Nan was rolled up by a long tongue, but was soon rescued by Duze."Thank youWei Nan said with a cursed heart. Fortunately, Duze was quick to move, otherwise he would be finished."We take carePay attention to mutual support and don't go aloneDuze yelled in a hurry that so many people would be able to support each other even if they were rolled up by a long tongue, but if one person had broken away, it would be troublesome.Everyone rushed all the way, watching as soon as they could escape from the scope of the Beacons.Nie Li, a tiger toothed panda, and Xiao Ning'er, who combined the wind and thunderbirds, were behind the temple. They saw Nie Li madly spitting with the darkness of the light, and each light dark explosion could break many long tongues.If none of the darkness of Nie's light bursts, I am afraid that all of them have been taken away by the long tongue of the Beastmaster.Xiao Ning'er, who combined the wind and thunderbirds, was surrounded by lightning. His endless electro-opticization made him a sword. He continued to fall and bombarded those long tongues, and immediately smashed those long tongues.Lu Piao, Du Ze and others rushed out of the range of the BeaconAt this moment, a long tongue suddenly wrapped up Xiao Liao's feet, and Xiao Ning'er was rolled up. Xiao Ning's heart was surprisedImmediately flicked a bolt of lightning and shattered the long tongue, but at the moment of pause, several long tongues rolled over.Xiao Li's feet and thighsThere was also a strong sense of suffocation in the wrists, arms, waist, chest, etc. Xiao Lian-er felt that his body was becoming weak, and the shape of his body was rapidly disappeared and his body was involuntarily rolled. The big mouth of the beacon"Is it dead?" Xiao Leng sighed softlyIn her mind, one by one picture flashed. Since she was sensible, she has been fighting for marriage and she has never experienced true happiness until she met Nie Li. She realized the meaning of life.There was a series of pictures flashing through Nie's mind. Xiao Ning'er closed his eyes and smiled at the corners of his mouth. Even if it was a short time, she felt satisfied and she had no regrets."Dinger, be careful!" Seeing that Xiao Ning'er was flying, Nie immediately flew up and rushed in the direction of Xiao Lian'er.“Nie’s away...” Daze, who took out the range of the Beacon of Lights, rushed in."You don't come in and wait outside for us! I'm fine!" Nie Li said in a hurry, if Daze they come in and get into danger, Nie Li could not be saved.Out of trust in Nie, the rushed Duze was silent for a moment and waved: “We are leaving and we are ready to respond to Nie Li!” Looking at the back of Nie Li, Du Ze prayed in his heart and hoped that Nie Li Nothing"Asshole, you want to hurt Dinger, first ask if I promise not to promise!" Nie flashed a flash of coldness in his eyes, the body of the sea of ​​souls swiftly surging, a stock of soul power rallied together, and then quickly inside the mouth Condensed two black and white balls of light, which is twice as large as the light darkness that is usually condensed by Nie Li.Double light dark explosion! Nie Li shouted and two light balls surrounded each other and flew in the distance.Light and darkness explosions burst open in the mouth of the Beacon Beast. This light dark explosion is twice as usual. The power of the explosion is more than four times normal. Bursting open, the power is simply amazingThe sacred beast groaned and the body shook. If the light darkness bombarded its skin, it could not cause any harm to it, but the bombardment in the mouth was not the same.Taking advantage of the sudden burst of light and darkness, Nie left her with a stabbing prick to cut off those long tongues and took Xiao Ning's children to fly away.After being attacked fiercely by the beasts of the beasts, it seems that they are still a bit reconciled. A long tongue has continued to grow, rolling toward Nie Li and Xiao Lier.Nie Li holding Xiao Dinger quickly flies in the long tongueIn the misty eyes, Xiao Ninger seems to feel a warm hug, and she clings tightly to Nie Li subconsciously.When he was wrapped in a long tongue, Xiao Lier's clothes were damaged in various places. There was a different kind of charm. The soft place was tightly pressed against Nie Li's chest and a rich, greasy touch was heard. The body is like an octopus, tightly attached to Nie’s body.Nie Li’s mouth opened, and this position was actually a bit too embarrassing. It was probably a little unconscious of the saliva of the beast of the Beacon, or else they would not make such a move.While holding on to Dinger, he ran wildly and kept fighting with the long tongue of the Beastmaster Beast. Even Nie Li felt a little fatigue. After all, he just used twice as much light and he had consumed too much of his soul. force"Ok"Xiao Ding'er grunted and wriggled in Nie's arms and changed her posture."That hot Jiaoqu, there is a fragrance of girls, it is puzzlingHelpless Nie had to cling to Xiao Ning's child, so that Xiao Ning'er struggled out and went all the wayNumerous long tongues fell like arrows, and they continued to bombard. The ground was suddenly bombed.Nie Centrifuge is slightly cold, these long tongues look soft, but when attacked quickly, it's almost like steel.Tens of thousands of long tongues from all directions, rolled to Nie LiAt this time, Nie Li’s chest, the remaining pages of the book of the Demon Spirit, released a soft force, and it seemed that the spirit power of Nie from raging seemed to be much calmer. The soul concept seems to have returned to the past life, in the days of the demon spirit bookNie Li flashed out of his mind, took out the pages of the Book of Demon Spirits, and saw that the pages of the book of demon and spirit were suspended in the air quietly. Nie left his fingers on his right hand and his soul continued to condense. The pages of the Demon Spirit BookA powerful force, centered around the pages of the Book of Demon Spirits, wandered around. Immediately afterwards, eight golden embossed patterns appeared above the book of the Demon Spirit, and one of the golden embossments quickly followed. Larger groundThe Book of Space and Demon Spirit requires soul power to inspire the power it containsThe eight gold-colored lines, each of which contains different strengths, Nie's current soul power can only resonate with one of the gold-colored lines.The golden emperor that resonates with the spirit of Nie’s soul suddenly burst out with dazzling light, and then a loud bang blew out. This gold-colored star broke out with a stout golden beam of light, swaying towards the sun. Light BehemothThe beacon of beasts is directly pierced by this beam of light and it emits shrill screams.With terrible power, Nie Li feels that the soul power of his soul is suddenly directly hollowed out by the pages of the Book of Space and Demon Spirits, leaving only a little bit of it. He panting, his eyes are a little blurry.It seems that the power of the pages of the Demon Spirit Book is not yet under his control.Nie Li gasped, paused temporarily, raised his fist and was in a defensive state, hurriedly ate an elixir, and restored his soul.The sacred beast was severely damaged, and the attack on Nie Li was suspended. The power of the dynasty of the demon spirit book broke through the body and it could not even recover in a short time.When the Beast-Light Beast looked a bit weak, in the far sky, there was a sharp sound of “squeaking” and it seemed that it would tear up the dark void.what's going on? Daze, who is anxiously waiting outside, also showed a horrified expression, staring in the dark void.Hearing this voice, even the beastly creature, like a mountain, involuntarily trembled and wailing in fear.(To be continued)