One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel readingDuze, Lu Piao, and others looked guiltily at the emptiness of the distance. In the vanity, a huge shadow slowly pressed it and gradually became clear in the dark sky. At this time, it was a huge one. Floating empty Wicked beast is like a huge Void FortEven the Beastmaster, compared with its size, is also very insignificant.Seeing that the emptied Wicked beast is approaching, Duze, Lu Piao and others are tense to the extreme. The Wicked beast is likely to be more terrorary than the Dark Light Beast. If they do not leave, there will be no chance.But Nie is still inside! Faced with the threat of impending death, they are not moving"Even if I die, I will rescue Nie Li!" In the eyes of Du Zey, there was an unquestionable firmness, rushing toward the center of the Beastmaster.Lu Piao looked at Xiao Xue and paused for a moment, but then he still held Xiao Xue firmly behind Daze.Although he did not know whether Xiaoxue would blame him, but he recognized Nie from this brother, he would never give up Nie Li’sThe Weinan trio behind him, also followed, they searched for Nie LiNie Lie took a slight breath. Fortunately, the Beast-Light Monster did not continue to attack him. Otherwise, it would be very troublesome. It seems that the books of the Demon Spirit of Time and Space still cause a great deal of damage to the Beacon of Lights.“嘶嘶"The shadows in the sky are getting closer and closer. This is a monster that is in front of it, like a humble dog.The huge creatures in the sky shot a roundabout screen and wrapped the beastsI saw the light beast screaming and struggling, but I couldn't break the channel.The behemoth in the sky came slowly, reaching out to his forelegs, slamming into the body of the Beastmaster, and then slowly flew up and slamming the Beastmaster.It is a huge body. The sacred beast that just killed the hordes of devils just now has become a prey.Was killed by that terrible beastThe light beast mourned, and then the light in front of his forehead slowly dimmed and eventually died.The sacred beast was so destroyed? The giant floating monster animal did not even look at Daze, Lu Piao and others.I flew awayPerhaps in view of the floating monster, Du Ze and Lu Piao and others are like dust and cannot attract attention.“Nie Li, Nie Li!” Du Ze and Lu Piao and others kept yelling and searching for Nie LiHowever, on the ground, in addition to the piles of the beasts, there is a fragmented long tongueEmpty, where are the figures of Nie Li and Xiao Tinger? Did Nie Li and Xiao Geling eat it? Duze, Lu Piao, and others fell into tears at once."He will not have anything!" "If your kid is so dead, I will never forgive you in my life, Nie Li, your kid rolled out for me!" Lu floating in one hand holding Xiao Xue, one hand went crazy Pull out those cracked long tongues"Nie will not die!" Du Ze and others also frantically rushed to find Nie Yi's trail.They looked all the way carpet-like, until they opened a long pile of hills and long tongues, this was to find Nie Li, only to see Nie in the hands of the stab in the defense is still in the statePanting was a bit exhausted, and Xiao Lianer was in a weird posture and clung tightly to Nie’s body."I knew that your boy was hard and couldn't die!" Lu Piao laughed, tears still contained tears."I went and you actually curse me to death. I'm easy to come back from me. How could I die?" Nie sighed and looked around.Determined that there is no threat from the Beastmaster, this is relaxed.Although I do not understand what the meaning of the second half of Nie is, Duze and others are laughing.Suddenly, they seem to find somethingLooking at Nie Wei weirdly, I saw that Nie was a while and Xiao Ling was tightly hanging on Nie's body."I didn't see anythingDuze shruggedLu Piao looked at Nie Li contemptuously and shook his head. He was deeply ashamed: "Nie LiQuickly, what did you do to the Goddess? "He forgot it. He still hugs Xiao Xue in his arms."Weinan three also smiled and turned to goNie Li smiled. The saliva of the beast-lighting monster contained psychedelic substances. Once he was caught in the volume and did not pay attention to inhaling the substance, he would fall into a short-lived semi-conscious state. He did not know that he was in a semi-conscious state. What he dreamed of, clutched him tightly, and even if he couldn’t open his power, he could not do anything.After seeing Weinan and others turning their heads, Nie Li took a piece of clothes from the Ring of Heaven and then wrapped it on the children, quietly waiting for her to come back.After a moment, Xiaoxue woke up"Lapiao, you take me cheap again!" Xiaoxue still has a bit of a confusing look. After seeing Lu Piao, Xiu Yi gave a glimpse of Lu Piao and regained the shape of her little chilli.Lu Yun with a bitter face, said: "Cher, I just saved you!" Xiao Xue slowly recalled what had just happened, only to think of it was Lu Piao to save her, and around Duze and others were looking at her with a wide open mouth. She immediately restored the little daughter's appearance. She held both arms in her arms. "Lapiao, thank you for saving me. You are so terrible. I'm too Worship you"When I heard Xiao Xue's sweet voice, I didn't know what to do. Du Ze and others shivered.This woman has become too fast. Sure enough, women are a terrible creature. They can't help but mourn for silence."No... no thanks"Lvpiao said with a slight trembling voice, I do not know why, Xiaoxue sweet gentle look, let him feel a little hairy, he would rather see a normal XiaoxueEveryone carefully warned that after experiencing such a war, there seemed to be no dare to dare to come around. They took a hard rest.Xiao Xue seemed to find something. He stared at the odd-looking Nie Li and Xiao Ninger. He stayed for a moment, and it turned out that Xiao Ninger and Nie Li had left...”“Xiao Ling Er grunted and regained her consciousness. When she saw herself in the posture of Nie, she suddenly had a big red face.Nie laughed with a smile: “The situation was too dangerous. I...” “I understandXiao Ninger said softly and looked in a shy manner. "Thank you"" Hey, you're welcome, it should be"Nie left Xiao Geling downXiao Ning'er found that his clothes were broken in many places. Just as he had come in close contact with Nie, she could not help but blush again. She already understood what had just happened. She should have been a long tongue As soon as she walked away and was about to die, Nie rushed in to save her.Thought of this, Xiao Ning's heart can not help but a little sweetWrapped on the outside of the clothes, it still seems to leave a trace of Nie off the atmosphere, Xiao Gelian put the clothes to buckle, although a bit wide, but does not affectNie Li stood up and took a bit of physical activity. He looked at Duze and others and asked, "I just felt that the Beastmaster was attacked, but the light below was too dark to know what was going on! What happened?” Duze and Lu Piao looked at each other, and Du Zeping revived the shock in his heart and said, “In the sky, there was a huge flying Wicked animal. It looked like a strange fish with wings. And there are a lot of sharp claws, spit out filamentous objects, enveloped the beast of the beacon, and then took away the Beastmaster."" In this lifetime I have never seen such a big monster. My God is half the city of glory."Lugao said a bit exaggeratedHearing such words as Lu Piao and others, Xiao Xue and Xiao Tinger, who had just been in a coma, had their eyes widened. This was a bit too amazing. Isn't it right for Duze and Lu Piao to be kidding? The dark beast was already terribly horrible, but there was a giant flying beast that was larger than the beast and the beast. The empty ground here, the disappearing gargoyle seems to be talking, and there is no lie between Daze and Lu Piao."What exactly is the evil animal?" Nie Li frowned slightly, staring into the dark void, a Wicked beast that could easily kill the beast and beast, Nie was not able to remember for a moment, although Nie Li was very knowledgeable, but Not everythingThere are still too many unknowns in this world, which makes him feel mysterious, including this secretive space.Whether it is this secretive space or the book of the demon spirit of time and space, it made him feel that these things did not come from this world.After a catastrophe, Duze and others calmed down their feelings. Although they were a little scared, they also had a little excitement and excitement. In the city of glory, they could not even see a monster, let alone encounter it. ThingsWhether it is red ghosts, dark beasts, or the terrible flying whelps, it gives them a sense of novelty.“Nie Li, where do we go next?” said Duzer looking to Nie Wei."Or continue to explore in the depths. We need to find twenty-three stones of glory in order to open the transmission system and go back.Nie Li said that they cannot always be trapped here. Although they have enough food in their space rings, there is no problem even if they have spent a year or two here, but Nie Li is not willing to continue.After Yeh Moi-ming came in, he only took half a month to go back. What is certain is that in this dimension of space, the twenty-three stones of glory can surely be found.At this time, the people looked up at the mountains and they seemed to have a little bit of light"Isn't it another light beast?” Lu Piao slightly changed color"Not a beacon“Nie shook his head and shook his head, and the distant light on the mountains was like the lights of the village. On the mountain, wouldn’t anyone still live?” (To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience