As time goes by, there are many rumours among the citizens of the shining city.Some said that the sacred family would betray the city of glory, and some said that the family of wind and snow had a conflict with the sacred family and was bullied and weak.These rumors are naturally deliberately spread out"Asshole, I didn't expect the snow family to have a move so fast"Shen Hong is extremely annoyed. The actions of the family of wind and snow make the sacred family a bit unprepared and a flash of coldness flashes through his eyes." It is estimated that Shen Yun was the bastard, allowing Feng Xue family to catch our handle. Him"Shen Ming is a deacon of the sacred family. There are so many things to know. Such a person is on the outside, making him uneasy!" Shen Gui, you find a time to send a letter to the Dark Society, since the family of Feng Xue has begun to suppress I am a sacred family, and my sacred family can not make them better"Shen Yang roared"Yes"Shen Gui should be right, then walk outside."Suddenly, Shen Hong's head flashed in his head and she replied: "Give me back"Shen Gui stunned and looked at Shen Hong doubtfully."Shen Hong calmed down and just got angry. He almost went to the wind and snow family.The family of Feng Xue persecuted our sacred family, but it has never been used. Obviously the evidence is not enough. Shen Ming should also understand that there are some things that cannot be said. Once it is said, it will be dead.The family of wind and snow is trying to make the sacred family show their flaws before they start. Once Shen Gui goes out, it is just a trick for the family of wind and snow.Shen Hong sneered and said: "If you want to count me, it's not that easy. Starting today, you will break all contact with the Dark Society.Since the family of Feng Xue suppresses my sacred family, my sacred family is not a vegetarian, so let's be noisy. As long as I can't catch the evidence of my sacred family connecting with the Dark Society, even if my sacred family is noisy, you haven’t destroyed me. Sacred family reasons! "All the family children of the sacred family were recalled to the family. Only a few family members left the family and went to live in the glorious cities.St. Lan College started school. Students from all parts of the City of Glory have returned to the Holyland College.It is reasonable to say that Nie Li was completely free from returning to Shenglan College, but Nie Lie still came. He appeared at Shenglan College and was definitely a great temptation to the Holy Family and the Dark Society.The students walked on the trails of the college and talked to each other“Have you heard of it? The basic skills provided by Shenglan College have all been replaced. I heard that it was the Feng Xue family who opened a treasure and obtained some advanced exercises, but the family of Feng Xue completely dedicated all of them. , handed over to all Smaran College Academy practice"Really? What are the advanced exercises? "" Those exercises are much more powerful than the exercises we used to cultivate! "This is naturally a masterpiece of Nie Li. Like the higher exercises of the gods of heaven and the ice and the ninth ice, he will never be spurned out, otherwise he will be mastered by the dark guild and the sacred people. Trouble, Nie Li only helped Shenglan College upgrade its basic cultivation practice. In the eyes of these trainees, it was already a very advanced exercise."Hey, brother, are you also a genius class?" A student wearing a golden robe walked over to Nie Li. He was wearing gold and silver and was particularly disgusted.“You are?” Nie looked at each other from up and down. For this student, Nie Li was completely impressed.At this moment, a teenager with a lean skin like a monkey came together and proudly said, “Don’t even he knows? He is the master of Long Yun, the proud cloud family, now a bronze five-star level, in a genius class. Into the top ten super talent!" Bronze five-star? Nie thinks for a moment, bronze five-star should be quite goodAs for the proud cloud family, it is one of the seven giant families"Boy, you are a newcomer to the genius class. Are you interested in mixing it with me?" Long Yu looked arrogantly at Nie Li.Mix with you? Did you make mistakes? Nie Li expressed a sudden turn, his arms around his chest, leaning on Long Yu asked: "It was a proud family, you even I do not know?" Nie off the expression turned too fast, right? Long Yu did not respond for a time“Who are you?” Long Yu was cautiously cautious. Nie Yuan heard that the proud family had no fear at all. Instead, he was even more imposing. He might be even more prosperous.Nie Li looked up and down with Long Yu and said: “You didn’t go to the dinner of the city’s owner some time ago."The dinner of the Lord of the City, he just happened to be slightly shy, so he didn't go. Nie Li was able to participate in the dinner of the city's owner. The identity was certainly not simple."Whose family are you the young master?" Long Yu converged on the original arrogant look, asked tentatively"You are not qualified to know who you are mixing with? Ye Hong, Shen Fei, or Chen Linjian?" Nie asked coldlyLong Yu Hanmao Wei Li, Nie Li, said three, is the genius of the three big brothers, Shen Fei, Chen Linjian respectively from the Holy Family and the Holy Family, Ye Hong from the wind and snow family, is the Ye Zixi's family brother, How he did not dare to provoke the three, and his position is not enough to see"I was mixed with Chen Linjian boss."Long Yu weak and weak said“Nice, promising!” Nie took a shot of Long Yu’s shoulder. “Next time I met Chen Shao, I’ll remind you about it.After finishing, Nie left leisurelyLong Yu was deceived by Nie Liyi. He carefully recalled that the various families of the City of Glory did not seem to have such a person.Long Yu is getting irritated and ready to catch up with him. The skinny boy said in Long Yu's ear: "Master, this person is probably the one who has done away with the abyssal troll, Nie Li. I heard this person was extremely arrogant. Some time ago. At the time of the feast of the city's hosts, when the family of the sacred family was in charge, Shen Fei got out of the way. As a result, Shen Fei really rolled away."I heard the boy's words, Long Yu shocked a cold sweat, fortunately that he did not worry about, others even the city main party dared to play so arrogantly and directly hit the faces of Shen Xiaozao, if they go up, wouldn't it be to find death? Fortunately, he is not with Shen Fei mixed, otherwise you can imagine the consequencesLong Yu shrank his head, after this number of characters, or less provoke as well, as to go to the knot, Long Yu is completely not that idea, to someone else's level, it is estimated that they do not see himIn the genius class, Nie Li sat quietly in the corner of the classroom. Lu Ping, Du Ze, and others were all sitting next to Nie Li. It was already a small group."Nie Li, will we not have to go to school here again? This is too boring!" Lu floated his hands behind his back and said with a gloomy face. With their current cultivation, they even participated in the exploration team. Adventures outside the City of Glory are also qualified enoughDuze shrugged, not to mention Liao, and even he felt a little boring.Nie departed for a long time to think. If there is no threat from the sacred family, there are many places to go, but the sacred family is stunned by the sidelines. Nie Li does not dare to make times, if anyone is caught by the sacred family, with their current strength. Still can't resistThey must be upgraded to the golden level as soon as possible. In the future, they will face the power of the sacredNie suddenly thought of a place. There was a place in the city of glory. It was a very old building. Many people couldn't understand what this building was used for. It was discovered by Ye Moi adults one year later. There is a remnant left by a super power and there is a deep secret hidden insideAfter that, the Dark Society sent people to spy for countless times and was killed by Ye Moi adults.Until later, the shattered City of Lights did not know whether it was related to the ruins.The ruins are close to the main city and it is still relatively safe.Even if the sacred family is arrogant again, it will not dare to make it next to the city's main palace! After I wanted to understand, Nie Li determined the goal.“Everyone is ready to go and we will go“Nie looked away from the crowd and smiled a bit. He returned to Shenglan College. It is estimated that in a few days he will be informed by the sacred family that the purpose of coming here has been completed. It can be almost gone.”At this moment, there was a sudden and low exclamation in the distance.“Is Xiao Lier!” The children of the family in the class all turned their eyes to the slim girl who walked in the doorway. In a flash, the entire classroom was overshadowed.Xiao Ning'er wears self-cultivation suits, slender and moving, and that faint glory makes people's heart beat a little quicker.This is how awesome and admirable a girl! When Xiao Ning Er was still in the primary class of the apprentice military apprenticeship, it was already a hot topic for talented students. They were all looking forward to when Xiao Ning'er was able to turn to the talented class. Until now, their hearts were The dream finally came trueHowever, Xiao Liaoer’s cold look has a feeling of rejection beyond a thousand miles.It is like a holy and noble goddess.The hearts of many family members sighed lamentfully, and were full of troubles. No one dared to go up and take a word with Xiao condense children.Xiao Lier’s eyes swept across the classroom and fell on Nie Li’s body. When his eyes were bright, his cold look became a little softer and he walked straight in the direction of Nie’s departure."Aha, condense, how did you come?" Nie waved his hand and greetedHearing Nie's voice, Xiao Ning'er smiled a sweet smile and walked quickly.After Nie Ligang finished talking, she suddenly discovered that the classroom was unusually quiet. All the students in the talent class were staring at Nie Li.If you can kill people with eyes, Nie I’m afraid I’ve been dead for thousands of times.Nie touched his nose and came to this genius class. He was very low-key, but he did not expect that he was still so attractive. Sure enough talented people will always be jealous.