Slowly infuse soul power into the soul crystalSeveral bright spots float inside the soul crystal, but the soul crystal is basically grey“I feel a sense of balance in an instant. Nie Li’s soul power is much weaker than I am!” Lu Hui blinked and smiled.Duze glanced at Lu PiaoNie Li doesn’t take it for granted. The amount of soul power is not really important to him. At this time, Nie Li’s attention to the changes in the soul forceThe Red Sea of ​​Souls, in a disorganized form, has no attributesThere is no attributed, scattered sea of ​​souls, and Nie is indifferent. Every sea of ​​souls is very strong. If one insists on saying that some sea of ​​souls is weak, then it is insignificant because there are no basic characteristics. , and the shape of the soul sea does not condenseThe sea of ​​soul that I had just started was like this. After practicing all sorts of messy exercises, it would become even more chaotic.It is no wonder that the past years in the Book of Space and Demon Spirits have been practiced for such a long period of time, but it has always been difficult to break through. The original problem is here.The sea without attributes is the most unstable and most likely to be changedNie Li was deeply pondered. If there were any exercises that were suitable for the sea of ​​souls without attributes, there would be only those three.God of Heaven, God of War, and Nether God, which are the most profound of the Heavenly Gods, the most overbearing Gods, and the most secret of the Nether Gods.On the achievements of the future, God may be the highest in Heaven, but God of Heaven is the most difficult to cultivate.The sea of ​​non-attributed souls will undergo a lot of exercises slower than ordinary people. However, if you can successfully practice the practice of Heavenly Taoism, it is the most powerful. The heavens are compatible and inclusive, and are consistent with certain characteristics of the sea without attributes. ofIf you practice the practice of the God of Heaven, you can practice all the attributes, have the supreme power, and create your own path.To practice ordinary exercises, the soul can only accommodate one demon spirit at most. If you get a stronger demon spirit, you have to replace the demon spirit of the previous practice.The cultivation of the God of Heaven, you can accommodate seven different attributes of the demon spirit, each fusion of a demon spirit, the strength will surge once, collect seven powerful demon spirit, you can make repair and fighting power to achieve unimaginable Amazing degreeHesitated for a long time, although the speed of cultivation is not so fast, it is much slower than that of Duze and Lu Geng. However, once the road is completed, once the cultivation is successful, then Heavenly God is undoubtedly the most powerful! Nie Li thought of his mouth and began to do the most basic cultivation. In the future, he may need a large amount of medicine to assist him. Now he only needs to do the most basic cultivation and consolidate the foundation.Seeing that Nie Li began to practice, Du Ze and Lu Piao and others also began to study their own exercises and began to absorb the aura between heaven and earth and strengthen their soul sea.The more they practice, the more they discover the deep and mysteriousSix people, six seas of souls are spinning fast and ragingWhether it was Duze, Lu Piao or the other three civilians, their soul power began to increase significantly.The process of this kind of ascension is astonishingly fast. After all, Nie Li gave them a groundbreaking method of higher learning. Once they begin to cultivate, their cultivation speed is tens or even hundreds of times faster than ordinary exercises.Nie left the god of heaven and now he does not seek how fast the cultivation is. Instead, he step by step to stabilize and solidify the foundation. The sea of ​​soul is constantly changing its shape. It is like a sea scorpion, and a soul is flowing. Nie Li feels that his soul power has been significantly enhancedThe cultivation of the first phase of the soul power must reach the level of spiritual harmony. With the increase of the soul power, the sea of ​​souls will gradually rise, and the blue glareNie Li and others stay in the library and practise with great concentrationOne day, two days... As time goes by, Nie Li’s soul power gradually increased from 5 to more than 30 points.This speed is simply amazing. If Shen Xiu knows that Nie Li’s cultivation speed is approaching such an astonishing level, he doesn’t know what to think.Nie Li is still a bit slow. Du Ze and Lu Piao and others are even faster than Nie Li. In particular, Du Ze, I am afraid it will not take long to reach a bronze star.It is conceivable that until they complete a stage of cultivation, the soul power will grow to what extent.Achieving one bronze star within two months is not really a problem for Nie Li. Nie can be even higher, bronze two stars, or even Samsung! After two months of testing, I do not know what kind of expression Shen Xiehui will have. At this time, in the classroom of the military apprenticeship classFor several days in a row, Nie Li and others are all empty and do not know what to do.Immediately on the third night, Nie will not forget it? Xiao Ninger's heart, looking forward to the immediate arrival of the nightThinking of what was happening on that day, Xiao Ning'er, who was quietly sitting on his face, had a faint glow on his face. His soft and pure smile hung on his face, making him more attractive and enchanting.Ye Zixuan was very puzzled. Xiao Xinger’s recent period of time seemed to be constantly stupid. This made her curious and curious. What happened in the end made Xiao Lianer not so guilty.Xiao Ning will not be in love with Nie from it? Ye Zixuan did not understand why the boy named Nie Li had something good. He could actually make Xiao Xinger such a proud woman like him.Shen Xiu lectured on the stage and glanced at the position behind the six empty spots. He sneered in his heart. Nie was estimated to be practicing hard. But what about that? Nie Li thinks that assiduous cultivation can increase soul power from 5 to 100 in just two months? This is absolutely impossible! If we say that Nie has a sea of ​​souls with green or blue colors, there may be a slight chance, but Nie Li only has a red soul sea! In her opinion, Nie had lost! Nie Ligan dared to strike her in the class. This is the price! It can be imagined how miserable Nie will be after the withdrawal! Shen Xiu reveals a little sneer and continues to talk about the lesson: “The seven soul seas of red, orange, yellow, green, and blue are the lowest in the red soul sea. In the centuries-old history of the city of glory, we can practice with the red soul sea. Silver spirit level, very fewUnless you have certain adventures, the soul power that the Red Soul Sea can contain seems to have a limit. That is 600. The more difficult it is to rise up! "When I heard Shen Xiu, the civilian students who attended the lectures below revealed a deep disappointment. The soul power can only reach 600 at the most, which means that unless they get certain adventures, they can only reach the bronze five-star realm at most."Those students who only had the Red Souls Sea could not help complaining about the fate of injustice. Why did they only have the Red Soul Sea?"There are some things that are doomed by nature. People must give in to fate.Just like some people come to life, and some people, when they are born, are civilians who live under the guise! Shen Xiuyi smiledYe Zixuan and Xiao Geling also frown in disgust. They do not like Shen Xiu. Shen Xiu’s words are indeed too much.The City of Shining is always under the threat of evil beasts. Shen Xiu continues to provoke contradictions between civilians and families. It is too disregard for the overall situation.Hearing Shen Xiu’s words, the civilian practitioners held their fists tightly, and their palms almost leaked. Even though they were angry at Shen Xi’s words, many people still endured it.Not everyone has the courage to quit tutoring with a tug of fortune in the classroom like Nie Li.They do not dare to do it, so they have a deep admiration for Nie Li.What Nie did not know was that Shen Xiu continued to tease these civilian trainees and instead made him a spiritual leader of civilian practitioners.Almost every civilian student longs for Nie to win, and drive away the vicious and bitter Shen Xiu.Nie's recent actions have won the hearts of these civilian students.With the passage of the world, the face of Shen Xiu and the sacred family that Nie Li had played in public, and the betting exchange with Shen Xiu, had already spread in Shenglan College. The students of the entire Shenglan College were discussing this matter."Actually, it is said that within two months, the soul power will be trained from 5 to 100. I really don't know that the sky is thick!" "Yes, even a super talent with a blue sea of ​​soul may not be able to do it!" "I I hope Nie can win. I hate Shen Xiu’s mean woman.""Me too, although he hopes to win“Shenglan College is home to more than 70% of its civilian students. Nie Li was an offender to the civilian students and offended Shen Xiu and the Holy Family. Therefore, they are all psychologically standing on the side of Nie.Many people do not like the sacred family, but there are also some family members who disagree with Nie.Even if the sacred family is wrong, but after all, the sacred family is one of the three great peak families, Nie Li's behavior is committed below, contempt for authority! They even treated Nie as the scum in the family's children."Some people just like to go with those unruly people. Then what is the solution?" They are extremely mocking Nie Li.Most of the students at Shenglan College had gone to dinner. The library seemed a little deserted. Nie Li, Du Ze and Lu Piao and others had eaten together and entered the library to prepare for further cultivation."Nie Li, my soul power has reached 89. At the present speed, I will be able to break into the bronze one star within a week!" Duze said in a low voice, and there was an inexpressible excitement in his tone.This practice speed seems to him to be an unimaginable thing! "Not bad"Nie Li smiled slightly. This speed did not surpass NIE's expectations."Not only Duze, Lu Piao, Wei Nan, and others are also in ecstasy and excitement. Their soul power has also made great progress. According to this speed, even they reached the bronze star within two months. It is not impossibleThe increase in soul power is so fast that they cannot imagine it as if they were in a dream! "We need to get some elixir. With pharmacology, our cultivation speed will only be faster!" Nie LidaoHearing Nie Li’s words, Du Ze and Lu Piao’s heart shuddered. Yes, their soul power progressed so quickly in a short period of time. This was achieved without taking any elixir. If an elixir was eaten, How amazing will their cultivation speed be? However, where can I find an elixir? Can improve the repair of the elixir, just a plant must have 10,000 demon spirit money! Although they hunted horn sheep and earned more than 16,000 ghost coins, it took a lot of money to buy soul crystals, leaving only 10,000 demon spirits"You continue to practice in the library. I have something to go out tonight. I have to find a way to make the remaining 10,000 demon spirits more money!" Nie laughed and laughed. With more money, they can buy elixir to improveI don't know what Nie Li is going to do, but since Nie Li has plans already, they don’t ask much more.This evening, Nie Li had an appointment with Xiao Ninger to meet! If you help Xiao condensate to cure the body's injuries, it can be considered a merit.Du Ze and Lu Piao could not think of these buddies. Nie Likai opened them up. He actually wanted to meet with the Goddess. If they knew, they would definitely be depressed. Nie was a heavy-duty friend!