One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel readingI don’t know how Nie departed from the end. They didn’t say anything more, all the way forward.In the dark sky, birds flock from time to time, and the squealing noises give the night a bit of a strange breath.However, these birds only have the size of a palm, which is of course much worse than the huge flying monster.Duze and Lu Piao and others also followed and were very careful. There were dangers hidden on this wasteland. They had to be careful."What is that?" Duze frowned and pointed at the wilderness in the distanceNie Weishun looked at Daze’s gaze and could be seen in the vagueness. A distant monument stood quietly among the distant wilderness.With a thought in mind, Nie Li said, "We used to look at it."A group of people walked toward the giant monument and gradually approached to a distance of only a few hundred meters. They felt that there was a coercion and it was difficult to breathe.“What exactly is it?” Lu Piao is curious. Although the coercion is stronger, they can still continue.After Nie Li and others followed a few sporadic ghosts, they suddenly fled and fled after feeling the coercion. The giant monument’s deterrence against the ghosts was significantly larger."You are here first, I used to look“Nie Li said that in order to behave carefully, he merged the demon spirit and slowly approached the monument."You are carefulXiao Ninger and others nodded and stood stillClose to the distance of only a few meters, Nie Liqin looked up and saw the whole image of this monument. This giant monument is more than ten meters high. It is made of materials that even Nie never knew. Dull shadesAfter seeing the giant monument, there are six ancient characters engraved on it. Nie Li vaguely recognizes one of them: "If you follow me, you will have honor; if you rebel against me, you must perish.Yu Yisheng, talentedWhen he was ten years old, he realized the state of quasi-going, broke hills and broke stones, and he was invincible.Thirteen-year-old realizes the softness of the environmentTurn off the flowSixteen-year-old Wisdom Spirituality Breaks Through the LegendNo one in the world at the age of thirty can take me three strokes.When he was forty years old, he realized the wisdom of the heavenly person, and he knew that the past and the present would be 50 years old.The abandonment of the imperial position drifted away, left a cross, passed down to the descendants...” Seeing the text on this giant tablet, Nie Zhongyi was surprised to see that this ancient monument was left behind by the empty Ming Emperor. From this inscription, Nie Li can feel that before the death of this empty Ming Emperor, it was certainly a stunning person.What made Nie Li most shocked is thatWhen he was forty years old, he realized the way of heaven and earth.This past and present life, how to understand? Nie Li feels faintly that this empty emperor, with the book of space and demon spirits, is absolutely closely linked. This empty emperor might be the key to unlocking all secrets.The empty Ming Great Emperor left a cross? Nie Li’s eyes fell under the ancient monument. He saw only traces of ancient monuments that had been scraped off by sharp weapons and had been blurred to be indistinguishable."This is the empty emperorWhat's left? Why is it scraped off? “Nie is very cramped. Is anyone here before him? After that person looked at the cross, in order to avoid being received by othersSo scrape it off? After Nie had been brooding for a long time, the ruins of the ancient city and the remains of this city were left with something left by the Great Emperor of the Ming Dynasty. Nie Li feels that behind this series of clues, there is a very amazing secret hidden after all.What is all this in the end? Searching for a long time beside the ancient monument, there was no other discovery. Nie Cuiyi took a motion. Fingers touched the scratches and saw the ancient monument. A mystical wave rippled slowly."I did not expect that this time, when the empty Emperor Ming had already passed the legend, he had already left his artistic conception on the stone tablet when he laid the stone. Although some people later scraped the lettering on the stone tablet, Unable to scrape the mood left by the Great Emperor Yun on the steleIn the mind of Nie Li, one screen flashedHe seemed to see the distant void, a middle-aged man dressed in white, quietly standing“Who am I? Where do I come from and where do I go? Wherever I look, countless lives are constantly dying, and countless lives are born. Every creature is struggling, but The blood of our ancestors has passed down in our bodies.Humans are constantly pursuing the road to the strong, the end of the road, and where is it? "The middle-aged man in his white coat gave a sigh," Why is it? "" Why is it? "Nie Centaur smiled a bit, it was a puzzle when countless people broke through the legend and reached a higher field.""Thousands of powerful people are struggling to find, but they have not found it.It was here that Airborne Great Emperor came to realize the true meaning of the Tao, and left a mood on the stone tablet.But what made Nie Li feel strange is that over the past tens of thousands of years, there is no such thing as a legendary emptinessAfter Feifei Great Emperor came to realize it, he went somewhere else. Hasn't he stayed on this continent? "A mysterious person who surpassed the legend before me and then disappearedNie murmured“There is no beginning, no beginning."Air-heavy emperor then sighed againNie felt that he had felt the sacredness of the cross that was left by the Emperor Ming of Heaven. He felt a sudden start in the heart. In the space of the Book of Demon Spirits, he also saw the true meaning of the cross. The cross was written on a piece of paper. At the same time, it was very mysterious and I did not expect that it was actually the understanding of the Emperor of Heaven.At that time, Nie Li thought that he had been left behind by a peer master whom he looked up to. At that time, Nie Li had already reached a level that even the legendary powerful could not have imagined, but at that time he still could not comprehend the true meaning of the cross. What Nie Li never expected was that this cross was sincere and it was left behind by the Emperor of Heaven when he broke through the legend.Recalling past lives and present lives, Nie suddenly had some profound understanding of this sentence of Heaven and Heaven. This cross-reality is about the true meaning of life. Life's inheritance never stops. Although we understand a little bit, In the whole sentence, Nie Li still seems to understandAt this moment, Nie Li felt suddenly that his soul was surging up and his soul power was madly inflated. He was flooded into the spirits of the demon spirit and the demon spirit of the tiger tooth panda, the shadow demon spirit and the tiger tooth panda demon spirit, The first evolution and change occurredAlthough he only realized a little bit, Nie Li felt the true power of the cross."When it was only in the realm of legend, the understanding of martial arts reached such a level, and it would not be a mediocre person. Why did I not encounter such an amazing strong man in past lives?" Nie Liwei Silence, "But the world is full of everything. The places I have visited are nothing but the tip of this vast world. There is a wider world outside. Perhaps the Emperor of Heaven is empty and we travel to a more distant world."Nie Li forgot to forget God. He could only see the vaguely obscure backsweeping of Heavenly King.“I’ll calculate that there will be five people, and I’m going to have five people. I’m a cross person. Every one is a brilliant person. Every one has a unique understanding of this cross.These five people will kill each other. Eventually, there will be one person engulfing the understanding of the other four to see the true meaning of the cross and come to see me. It will be my missionary day."The empty sounds of the great emperor's leisurely sound, drifting, do not know whereaboutsNie was shocked by the fact that he himself was also among the heavensWhat is the character of this empty emperor? The airborne lord will count five people who will get the cross truth. The five people will hunt each other and get the understanding of the cross on the other side. What other four people are there? Nie suddenly had a strong sense of urgency. Perhaps those four people are also looking for themselves.Nie Li was confused and seemed to see some passing picturesOne person flitted over and stayed in front of the stone tablet. He mumbled to himself: "I didn't expect this city of glory, and there is such a place, it is also a worthwhile trip.Those who obey me will have to be honored. Those who rebel against me must perish? Hey, great breath, this empty emperor did not know who it is, dare to speak out"The man looked at the stone monument for a long time and his eyebrows were locked:" Nothing has no beginning, no beginningWhat is this ghost thing? Only ten words, what can be implied? This guy who is called empty wise emperor, really do not know the so-called! "The man seemed to have no interest in the stone tablet and turned to leave, but after a moment, he turned back again.""Since my demon can't comprehend, other people don't want to get"The person who claims to be a demon lord took out a dagger in his hand and kept squeezing on the stone tablet. The ten words were completely scraped. "Haha, it's clean."At this moment, the demon master suddenly frowned. "Oh, what was the character of the cross, what is the reason why I couldn't remember a word?" "The demon master scratched his head and couldn't think of it. What exactly was the character of the cross? In the end, he suddenly had a feeling. This cross must have been something that was not allowed, but he was scraped by him and he repented." Inadvertently, watching the ancient monument reveals a deep fear of colorThe person who left the ancient monument is definitely a super strongThe demon Lord looked at the ancient monument and after a moment of indulging in it, he leftBecause he understands, the shaved crucifix has already been missed by him.Nie suddenly awakened, this ancient monument, where there are other people? "It seems that the demon master's move was recorded in the ancient monument, and then I saw it. I don't know who the demon master is. It was better than me to come here first.Nothing has no beginning, no beginning“Nie Li murmured silently, and firmly recorded this cross in his heart.(To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience