One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel reading"Uncle laughed, where can I match the sister of the Red Moon?"Nie laughs with a faint smile, thinking quickly in his mind, and now the stone of light is in the hands of the old fox, the Sagittarius. It is definitely not easy to hand it out. How can we make Sukong easy to lower our guard?" You don't have to be self-indulgent. Although you are not as good as the Red Moon, but depending on your skill in medicine, it is worthy of the Red Moon."Sakyo laughed and saidThis old thing was not finished. Nie couldn't help cursing, but his face was smiling and saying: “The uncle can indeed send people to collect herbs, but the world’s wimps are haunted and dangerous. They are afraid they are not. I know where to go for herbs, if there is no return..." Saikyo's brow furrowed his brow, and said: "It's better than this, Hyun-Hyun went with me to collect herbs. It was dangerous, so I sent some more talent You, as for your friends, stay here first. Is this okay?" I want to leave them here as hostagesNie Li smiled and said: "Yes, I don't know who the seniors are preparing to escort me out?" "In my domain, only I have reached the legendary level and there are two black gold elders, but their duties are important and they cannot How do you leave the outside world and send five golds to accompany you? Is there enough fear in the world outside?"My uncle took a lot of thought. Two gold levels will suffice. The outside world does not have the danger of his uncle's imagination."Nie left a smile"If only two, I still do not trust, or send five gold to accompany you to go"Sakyo shook his head and only sent two gold grades. How can he be assured?" That's fine, but I have a request"Nie left for a moment and said"What is required, Yin Xian will go though[Love goes to the novel network.]"Saikong laughed"Because many herbs are not very controllable, I have to take the sword and let him test it.“Nie Li said, observing the response of Sky KongSikong easily wrinkled his brow slightly. He wondered a bit if he could not understand why Nie Li was so interested in Duan Jian. This made him beware of him. However, in the most recent period, Duan Jian’s screams of sternness made him a few. Believe that Nie Li is indeed a reagentAnd a segment of sword, but it is gold Samsung repair, just do not want to pull out what spray"Yes, then you can bring the sword"Sakyung said with a faint smile," You are ready to go tomorrow.I let my men shine with you and go with you! "In order to avoid a long night of sleep, Sikongyi decided to act as soon as possible“Nice!” Nie nodded, and he had a clear idea in his mind.Sik Kong Yi slightly opened his eyes and pledged Nie's friends on this side. Especially among these friends there was a beautiful little girl. He did not believe that Nie could not return.Nie Yi and Si Kongyi had a chat with each other, and they wanted to get the shining stone from the hands of Sikongyi, just in case, but the old fox always talked about the stone of glory and always looked after him. Did not give the meaning of Nie Yi to the Stone of GleamingNie Lizhen has no choice but to give up, leave with Sakyo and leave"The Red Moon, you say that Lei Zhuo, will you resort to any means?" In the eyes of Sikong, the slightest flash of light"Rejoo would use a little trick, but the benevolence of this woman would not be afraid that he would not come back if he had detained his friend here."Sagong Kongyue Road, recalling that Nie left before the Chekxu's Jingjing Mine's move, could not help but smirk, a bit disdainFor a strange boy, it is still so, not to mention friends who lived from morning till evening."That's good"Sai Kong Yi eased his mind and smiled." If our silver wing family can cure the disease, what other families are afraid of? When I unified all the families here, I went to see the outside world"Saikongyi is afraid of the outside world, but this world is always in darkness. Food is poor and it is attacked by evil beasts every day. If he can go to the outside world, he still wants to try something."“You stay here. We have a good agreement. After 10 days, we will begin the evening! Once I start, you will follow this route!” Nie Li spreads a map and expresses his views on Xiao Lian Er and Du Ze.This map was drawn after Nie left. He has already clearly understood the situation in the Silver Wing family.Xiao Liner and Du Ze and others each plotted a map and silently"This time, the Silver Wing family will surely be shaken upside down."Nie laughed and smiled, everything was properly arranged."Hearing Nie Li’s words, he sat in the corner of a quietly cultivated Duan Jian, and gave a glimmer of glory in his eyes. He waited for this revenge and had waited for a long time.In the early morning of the next morning, the five gold elites appeared to be in other houses of Nie Li and others."Lee son, we should go"The leader of a golden five-star strong, said with some humility, his eyes glanced at the segment of the sword sitting in the corner of the corner, flashed a slight disdain in the eyes, then smiled," My name is Kong Must be responsible for the safety of Thunder son! "" Did you bring stones of glory? "Nie looked away and asked"WithPlease have a look at Ray Gongzi."Sakyon took out the shining stone and spread out his hand and smiled." A total of fifty pieces were taken, all in my space ring.“Nie Li looked at the stone in his hands and was indeed a shining stone.Nie Li reached out and wanted to get it. She only saw that Kong Kong had a right hand. He took it back and laughed: “Lee Son, let’s go."Sai Kongyi said that the old thief must have overcome the emptiness, and he must not give the stone of glory to Nie Li. Nie Li doesn't take it for granted." If so, then let's go! "" Nie away, all the way carefully! Du Ze and Lu Geng and others have shown upXiao Lier looked at Nie Li silently and his eyes were full of worries."You don't have to worry about me, let's practice hard here, wait until I come back!" Nie smiled."Little bastard, give me up!" Si Kong must walk to Duan Jian's side, slamming a foot into the sword, and swearingDuan Jian raised his head and stared at him with hatred. If he suddenly shot, with his current flesh power, Sikong would never die."Little bastard, dare to marry me?" Sakon barely stepped on Duan Jian's face. Duan Jian's head slammed on the ground, and then gritted and gritted. "Your mother's slut, I do not know Honest and shameless, seduce a foreigner, give birth to you this little bastard, live to be your luck! "Duan Jian bite his teeth and burst into his eyes with an angry flame.Nie is not going to get away from the secret passage. If Duan Jian now shoots it, then all the arrangements are gone.Nie Liqin stepped forward and said, "Why brothers are angry. There is no need for such a person.I also use him to test drugs. If the brothers wounded him, I have to use him to heal him! "Nie left Sekong a few pieces of medicineSakong looked down and looked at it quietly. He sang coldly and said, "This is the best way to give me a bit of honesty. If I dare to play something, I lick your skin!" Duan Jian spits, and it takes his feet backDuan Jian just sat up silently and said nothing.Nie Centrifuge couldn't help but admire Duan Jian. I didn't expect Duan Jian to endure this. As long as I passed the Silver Wing family, the future of Duan Jian could not be limited.Nie Li left with other people such as Du Ze and Lu Geng.Duan Jian, who was tied up with a black gold chain, walked quietly. The next two gold-class strongmen followed behind him.Above the tree-top palace in the distance, Sikong and Sikong Hongyue stood silently, watching Nie Li and others left the territory of the Silver Wing family and disappeared into the dark wilderness.冇 冇 此 此 此 此 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 雷 若 若 若 若 若 若 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司 司A gold-minded, vigilant heart, which makes the Red Moon next to him a bit surprised"When Lei Zhuo comes back, I will help my father to get rid of this person!"Among the endless wilderness, a group of six people walked all the way. Two gold-class strongmen were responsible for killing the ghosts encountered along the way. The remaining four people walked leisurely and entered the depths of the wilderness.The dark wilderness, terribly silenced, and even Shi Kong must not dare to relax in the slightest, but he clearly knows that there are many crises and dangers that can be encountered at any time.The shrill cries of red ghosts are echoing in the wilderness. Although they are constantly being killed, the ghosts are still getting more and more."These things are really hateful"Sky was absolutely cold, and it was a bit boring. He could have stayed in a safe territory and rolled the sheets with the beautiful girls of the tribe. Now it is going to go to this place of ghosts. It's really annoying. "If they don't want to get rid of them, they will still be more and more! "Next to a strong gold Samsung saidNie Li and Duan Jian looked at each other. Anyway, the two of them had no need to go hand-in-hand and were happy to be idle."Damn it!" Sikong took out the sword and joined the group. Hey, one of the only ghosts was split into two parts and flew up.A fierce melee"Bang! Bang! Bang!" Si Kong must wait for their own soul power to the extreme, constantly killing the ghostAfter several hours, the ground was already in a mess, and the bodies of red ghosts were everywhere, and Si Kongjue and others were tired and panting.Nie Li relied on a huge stone next to him, and looked relaxed and contented. That look made Si Kong extremely annoyed."It's your turnNie Li said calmlyFor mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience