"Thank you, uncle"Using a few words." Nie nodded and nodded his head. The corner of his mouth smiled a bit. The old fox got so many days of grass and he definitely felt that he had earned it. Tianfangcao was indeed not toxic, but after use, it would become dependent. In other words, once Tianfangcao is used up, Sikongyi will desperately look for more Tiancao grass.Nie Li did have a method to treat him. However, Nie Li understands that this tyrannical person, Sik Kong Yi, was ill at the time when he was ill. If he had a good illness, Nie Li would lose his checks and balances. means“Come on, have a banquet, I want to feast my seat and treat Lei Zhuoxian."Sikong Yi shouted loudlyNie Cuiyi thought that he was still moving. He was still outside. How should he contact them? If they do not return, they will come across unexpected events. Although they know that there are too many people who come here, Nie Li still decides to take them over. Method with Sikong Yi Zhou“I’m going to go down on the hill, too, because my friend is still waiting for me in the mountains."Nie left on the Kongkong Road"Oh? Friend?" Sikong Yi eyebrows slightly, thoughts, and smiled. "Yin's friend, that is our friend. I immediately send someone to meet them!" "Or I'll go in person, in case I The conflicts between those friends and their uncle's life are troublesomeNie Li said"Yes, then let Red Moon accompany you."Saky Kong Road, with the strength of Sakong Hongyue, can completely suppress the Nie Li who only has five silver stars.Nie Li accompanied by Sakong Hongyue, went downhill all the way and met with Xiao Geling and others."Nie Li, you are finally backYou haven’t come back for so long, we’re all dying and ready to go up the mountain to find you"6 breathed a sigh of relief and saidNie Li and Xiao Ninger looked at each other and Nie Li said: “After I went up the mountain, I didn’t think I had encountered a Siebo.Before the Dark Ages, the Silver Wing Family was a success with our family! “When did Nie Li become a silversmith family? Du Ze and others looked at the smart girl behind Nie’s departure.Suddenly I understand whatXiao Longer and others quickly understood that they are smart people after all. How could they not know that Nie was awake at the point?The most worrying thing for all people is that 6 is floating.The faint eyes of Sagong HongyueObserving the reaction of Duze and others at any time, his eyes fell on the body of 6 floaters.6 Gone obviously stayed a little, looked at Sagong red moon straight, Xiao Xue hit the arm with a crashed 6 floating6 The drifting image suddenly wakes up. The light in the eye is loud, and he says, “Nie Li, this girl who is ah, this figure has enough strength!” It was just sluggish, but he only looked at himself, Sikonghong. Moon frowned"6 floating, your boy gave me a little convergence, this is my sister!" Nie said quicklyIn his heart, he breathed a sigh of relief, 6 floating this kid is still thin and thin"Oh, I'm sorry, I'm out of shapeWorld sister, what's your name? "The color of the sky was swiftly surveyed by Saigon Red Moon. He said with a sullen face, letting him behave like a ghost can be seen as a true character. No one could see any flaws.""Sky Red Moon"Sakong Hongyue said indifferently, if it was not because the family of the Silver Wings had sought for Nie, she did not even look at her."6 FloatingIn front of me, you dare to spend too much time and find death! "Xiao Xueying's cry, gave the 6 floating a burst, 6 wailing and wailingHold your head downSagong Hongyue completely ignored their actions and turned to go straight and said, "Let's go!"Everyone was behind the Red Moon of Sagong, Nie departed deliberately and took a step with the eyes, and if they whisperedIt’s just that Sagong Hongyue is the gold star strongSilverwing family, above the giant tree palaceHundreds of people sat in the lobby"Yeah, come, I will give you another cup“Sikong Yi lifted the glass and raised his voice.” This is Lei Zhuoxian of the Silver Shine family. After that, he is the VIP in the domain of my family of Silverwings. No matter where he goes, no one can stop him! What are his requirements, but also try to meet! "After hearing the words of Sikong, people from the Silver Wing family looked at one another. They looked at Nie Li, and they did not know where Nie had been. He was able to be so valued by the family.The eyes of Sikong, swept by Du Zey and others, could not help but feel a bit of pressure. After they arrived here, they had learned everything from Nie Li's mouth, and they had a deep heart with Sikong. Taboo, but the other is a legendary strong“You are all good friends of Lei Zhuoxian. Naturally, this is my distinguished guest of the Silver Wing family. It is like my own home here. You don’t have to be polite!” said Sakongyi Hahalang with a laugh."Thank you, the chiefDuze and others hurriedly raised their glassesThe only one who can stay calm under the eyes of Sikong, I am afraid that only Nie left, even Xiao condensate children, but also a little nervous lookNie secretly pinched Shaw's palm and signaled her to relaxAt this moment, another whip came and heard. The eyes of the crowd were drawn to the corner of the main hall and the youth tied to the pillar. The youth had been tortured to the present, and others in the hall seemed to be accustomed to it. , whispered, completely disregarding“What is he?” Xiao's child couldn’t bear to whisper."It is a silver wing family“Nie Li told the youngster's life and whispered Xiao Geling."His parents are dead? He has been tortured and whipping. It is pathetic!" Xiao condenses his head down and says softly.Looking away from the distance, Nie looked at the young man's eyes and was full of indomitable and hateful light. The black wings behind him were tied with iron chains.The talent of this young man should be very good. However, if Nie left to save him, I am afraid he will take great risks.After all, the young man is a stab in the eyes of Sakyo.Suddenly, there was a flash of thought in Nie’s mind.After a few glasses of wine, Nie Li pointed to Siu Kong Yi, who was a bit embarrassed: "Uncle, I have something to ask for. I wonder if my uncle can agree.""What things, wise, though it is"Sakyo Haha smiled"I want that person“Nie Li pointed to the young people who were tied up in the distance and said"What do you want that person to do?" In the eyes of Sikong, he suddenly shot a fine light and looked directly at Nie Li.That youth, but a traitor to the Silver Wing family! Nie Li looked at him with no fear. He smiled and said with a slight smile: “I know that this man is a thorn in his uncle's eyes. He is a traitor to the Silverwing family. Uncle wants to get rid of it, but uncle always bundles him here. Keeping whipping is to warn other peopleBut I thought of a better use! ""what is the usage? "Saikong Yi had a quiet drink"Test drugNie Li said, "Although I have a certain degree of certainty to cure my uncle's disease, after all, there is not enough medicinal material. Many herbs have to be found outside. If one or two medicines are mismatched, they cannot cure uncle's disease." I’m afraid I’m not able to bear the responsibility, so I’m looking for someone to try the medicine and let him make one final contribution to the Silver Wing family."Sikong Yi looked directly at Nie Li, it seems that she would like to see Nie away.Nie Li drinks a glass of wine calmly and he doesn’t care"Yes, let him give him a test"Sikong easily said lightly, in this silver wing family's territory, he did not believe where Nie can go!" Another thing"Nie Li smiled slightly." It also has some selfishness. I now have a lot of red blood in my uncle's domain. Can I send some crystals of red blood to me?"" Only the crystal of red blood, I have more here, yin can take it"Saikongyi knocked on the desktop with his right hand. "If this is within two months, Yinxian will not be able to dispense drugs..." "A month or two, it is absolutely impossible to configure antidote, but you can configure your uncle to be able to Relief medicine"Nie left immediately said," can make uncle repair is somewhat restored, the pain has eased“Sikong’s heart is a little annoyed when he hears Nie Li’s words, but it can only be acquiesced. It is unrealistic for Nie to give up the antidote at once. It can be alleviated and it can be accepted.After all, the repair of Sikongyi was the biggest snuggle of the Silver Wing family. In the recent period, the air force of the company was aggravated, and several hostile families were just around the corner."Well, then there is a labor"Sakyo noddedNie smiled slightly from the corner of the mouth. This guy from Sikongyi wanted to hand over complete antidote to him. It was impossible. It was estimated that Sikong would not let him leave, but he now has the means to counterbalance the airspace. No need to worry, Nie Li continued: “Uncle, if you want to have a complete antidote, I’m afraid to leave this dimension space and go to the outside world.""outside world? "Even at this time even Sikongyi, there is a hint of hesitation"You don't necessarily have to move your family. Just send a few people to collect herbs.Nie Li said"But we don't know how to leave this dimension space. Since our grandparents came here, they never went out again."Sakyo said"There is a transmission matrix among the wilderness in the distance, but when you open that circle, you need twenty-three stones of glory. If you find the stone of glory, we can go out.“Nie Li said that he had handed over the search for the stone of glory directly to Sikongyi. In order to cure the disease, I am afraid that Sikongyi will not retreat.When he heard Nie Li’s words, Si Kong thought for a moment. Even if he opened the transmission method, they could destroy the transmission method at any time. Saikei nodded and said, “Okay, let's give it to me."(To be continued)