One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel reading"You don't call my grandpa anymore!" A fifteen-year-old boy dressed in worn-out clothes threw himself on the old man's body."Little bastard, find death!" The young man snorted coldly and lifted the whip.With a bang, the teenager's back was bloodyAlthough he was pumped a whip, the boy was unusually strong and he just snorted."Child, don't care about me!" The old man's voice was hoarse. The turbid eyes had tears in his eyes and he wanted to push the boy away."Do not"The teenager shook his head firmly"The bones are rather stiff!" The young man's eyes flashed a glimmer of color, and he smirked again and waved his whip.Sagong Hongyue just glanced over there and ignored it.Nie wrinkled his brow. This silver-winged family was truly human. Even an old man who had gone to hell and a fifteen or six-year-old boy played.Seeing the young man's whip, he must be swept again. Nie suddenly jumped up and snatched the young man's whip.The young man pulled the whip, but he did not pull, and glanced at Nie Li coldly. “Who are you? Let go!” Nie was still well dressed. Before he could determine the identity of Nie, he did not Dare to act rashly"My name is Lei Zhuo, a guest of the Silver Wing family.They are nothing but an old man and a child. “Nie Li looked at the two grandparents on the ground and frowned slightly."Lei Zhuo?" He suddenly had a slight impression. The youth glanced at the Sagong Red Moon next to him and saw only Sagong Hongyue's side came over. Both sides had a wink.“Lei Gongzi, I’m Sik Shou, who is a member of the Silver Wings family. I’m also asking Mr. Lei not to manage it better."Said Kong Shoushou sighed coldly"Sikongshou must not be rude, Lei son is our silver wing family's guests"Sagong Hong Yue Shen Sheng said"Yeah!" Sakurai was slightly stunned and retreated to the side"The Red Moon Girl is good"Nie Li made a call.In the heart of this young girl, there is no good feeling but only repulsion.Sagong Hongyue looked at Nie and said: "Lei Gongzi, this piece of Chiaki's Crystal MineIt is the heart of my family of silver wings. You are delaying the collection here. I am afraid it is not very good! These people are nothing but some mean slaves. Why should the Thunder son speak out for them?"When Sakong Moon talks, there is no trace of affectionThis womanThere is no humanity. It was not seen before."The girl of the Red Moon, I want to take this boy to go. Is it OK?" Nie looked away to Sakong Hongyue.Salone Red Moon frowned and shook his head and said: "Someone in this mine site has been stamped with the seal of the slave. As long as he ran out of this mine, it would burst into death.These people come from the hostile family. Can my silver wing family guard against it? "Stained in blood? Nie Centrifuge in a moment, did not think Silverwing family means so poisonousOnce the blood and the upper body, unless the self-repair for the breakthrough to the gold level, or can never be lifted, every night, will be tortured, once outside the spellcaster km, then it will be no doubtLooking at the grandparents and grandchildren lying on the ground, Nie Chenzhong sighed with regret. Children, I am afraid I can't save you.Sakong Hongyue mouth slightly upturnedThere is a slight disdain for the sadness of NieNie Li walked to the front of the grandparents and grandchildren and knelt down before them.The young man raised his head, although his clothes were tattered and his face was covered in dirt.But the eyebrows are still pretty, eyes filled with anger and unwilling"What is your name?" Nie looked away from him and askedWhen he saw Nie away from that luxurious dress, he snorted, and didn’t go too farAlthough Nie Li blocked the youth who lashed at them, it seems to the teenager.Nie Li is also a member of the Silver Wing family.Looking at this young boy's stubborn face, Nie Li's right hand condenses a hint of soul power. He rushes out and points at the boy's eyebrow. The heart sighs with regret. I can't help you. Everything depends on you. Own, I hope these hardships can accomplish youAfter the soul force was scored on the boy’s eyebrow, Nie Li stood up. Although Sawong Hongyue and others saw Nie Li’s move, they did not understand what Nie was doing in the end.In the moment just now, Nie Li was going to use a skill to penetrate the eyebrows of a teenager with a trace of soul power.As for what the future of young people will be, Nie Li is no longer able to control it.Nie Li stood up and looked to Si Kong Shou. He said: “I just had offended the things I did, and I hope that my brother will forgive me. This is a few of them. I gave them to the brothers, and I look forward to my brothers. Don’t make things difficult for them.[Love goes to the novel network.] "Sai Kong Shou did not expect Nie to actually take the initiative to apologize and took Nie Li's immortality. Just smelled it, his eyes lightened and said:" Where is the Thunder son, since Lei Gongzi is so Say, then I'm not that hard for them to be! "" Then I will say goodbye“Nie Li slightly arches the road. There are many injustices in this world. Nie is unable to control one person, but sighs and turns away.After the boy had been a long while, he realized what Nie had given him, and before he saw Nie left, he apologized to Sikongsu and gave it to ShouChaoShu. It only became clear when he looked up. At the back of Nie Liyuan’s visit, he carefully recalled the look of Nie Li’s face when he looked at him and remembered Nie’s face in his mind.Until it was far away, Nie left this punch and hit the trunk next to him. In his heart, there was an indescribable resentment.Although he was eager to do something, but now he does not have enough ability"The family of Silver Wings is afraid that there is no need to continue to exist!" In the eyes of Nie Li, passing a murderous planeNie Li walked up to a tree, and then removed a bottle of demon blood from the space ring, quickly portrayed a complicated pattern of Ming dynasty. After the formation of this ming, she quickly disappeared into the trunk.Even if some of the super powers came over, they could not be detected.Wandering in the domain of the Silver Wing family, Nie Li quickly left an embossed pattern in the trunk every time there was no one around.For more than ten days in a row, on the trunk in the family of the Silver Wing family, there are all the etched patterns left by Nie Li.This day, in the yard of the other yard“Nie Li, I will practice the wind and thunderbolt to this place."Xiao Tinger's little face was seriously questioned. She sat on a stone, and a few crystals of red blood floated around her. She constantly absorbed soul power."Her tight-fitting exercise clothes seemed so touching."The dragon's blemishes are referring to the six acupuncture points of the human body.These six acupuncture points are hidden under normal human acupuncture points and are extremely difficult to detect."Nie Li said, explained in detail“Where are the hidden six points?” Xiao Liao's Qiaolian was full of doubts. Why didn’t she ever hear of it? Six such points? "If these six acupuncture points are spoken, I am afraid it will be extremely difficult to find. I will help you point it out!" Nie Li went to Xiao Gelinger's front, condensed a trace of soul power, and pointed at Xiao Lian's forehead. Soul power penetrated into Xiao Lianer’s body. “Spirit court, hidden about an inch below the body's Jingting point...” Nie slowly toldXiao Ninger looked up at Nie Li. She sensed the slightest movement of soul power in her body. She was as if she had lost herself. It was so, listening to Nie Li slowly speaking, it was good.Xiao Lian'er Qiao Lian has raised a red glow, making her more moving.“Shenfu, Tianfu’s location next to an inch...” Nie’s eyes fell on Xiao’s chest, and he suddenly became a bit stunned."What is it?" Xiao Liao's Qiaolian blushes, sounds like mosquitoes."Before you used a guide to massage a little further..." Nie said, scratching his headXiao Lier did not speak. Between the two, the atmosphere was a bit stunned.The two involuntarily recalled the original pictureAt this moment, Lu Feng rushed in and ran in"Nie Li ... ... Nie ... ..." to see this scene, Lu Yun flicked and said quickly, "Nothing, I went out first, you continue"Nie quickly yelled:" Lu Piao, what happened? "The heart secretly breathed a sigh of relief"Saikong Yi sent someone to say that the Stone of Glory has been found"Laughing on the ground, although I don't know what Nie Li and Xiao Lier are doing, but I look at Shah's shy look. It's estimated that Nie Li is playing against Xiao Ning'er.Powerful, Lu floating dark vertical thumbs upLu Piao's kid is definitely trying to marry him. Nie didn't see him pretending to say: "You must stay here first. I'll go and see"With the Stone of Glory, then they can leave here anytimeThe sound of laughter sounded loud and clear, and said: "Yin, I have found a stone of glory for you, and there are more than 60 blocks.“Help me? Should I help you?” Nie said secretly, smiling: “My uncle has worked hard. With this shining stone, we can go to the outside world. Just find the rest of the herbs. Can configure antidote for uncle! "Saikong Yizhuozhuzhu said: "It's better for Yinxian to tell me what herbs I need to look for. I sent someone to find it. After Yinxian helped me cure the wound, I sent Xian Xian to leave. Otherwise, it is not bad for Yin Xian to stay in my family of Silver Wings. My Red Moon baby, although three years older than you, is superior in appearance, gentle and dignified, and talent is also good. If you marry Red Moon, you can be considered But the old man has a heartThe appearance was outstanding, gentle and dignified? Nie smirked and sneered. Such a woman, even if it was sent to him, he did not know. He knew that the old fox was easy to let him leave. He understands that once he leaves this dimension space, he will not want to reconcile with Nie.(To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience