One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel readingAfter the demon master erased the cross, there was no memory of the true meaning of the cross.Those who can remember the true meaning of the cross are inevitably the inheritors sought by the Great Emperor of Heaven.Five inheritors, only one can win in the endNie Li calmed down his thoughts and secretly thought that no matter who he meets in the future, he cannot let the other party know that he has realized the truth of the cross.Even Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er could not say that if Ye Zixie and Xiao Ning'er leaked out, it would probably lead to disasters.Now Nie is not strong enough. He does not know what the other four inheritors are.Whenever meditation crosses the truth, Nie can feel the rapid increase of soul power. In the sea of ​​soul, there is a mysterious germination.It seems to be a seed that grows slowly as Nie deviates from the growth of the sea of ​​souls.Nie Li feels that this thing has been hiding in the depths of the sea of ​​souls until it has grasped certain esoteric meanings of the cross, and this sprout has only begun to grow.What is this thing? Du Ze and Lu Geng waited for a long time. Nie came back from this“Is there anything found on the ancient tablet?” Du Ze looked to Nie Li, because he saw Nie Li standing in front of the ancient monument for a long time."There are some discoveries, but these clues have not yet been connected in series. We will continue to look for the Stones of Glory!" said Nie Li."Oh"Daze, though a bit puzzled, didn't ask muchA group of people continue to walk towards the distant mountains"Weinan, you find out about the fusion of demon spirits. There is no place like this ancient monument, but pay attention to safety. Do not stop.“Nie looked away from Weinan and said that Weinan’s fusion is a god’s demon spirit, wind and beast, and a combination of demon spirits. It is not easy to be noticed, and it’s not easy to be noticed."Ok, I seeWei Nan nodded and quickly merged with the demon spirit. The limbs became particularly strong and the wind rushed away.Wei Nan and Nie Li and others’ large forces maintained a distance of about a kilometer and searched in the periphery, but no more were discovered.Gradually, they came to the foot of the hill, and the starlight was a little closer to the mountainside."I'll check it out"Nie Li said, quickly blending the spirit of the demon spirit, flying towards the mountainside, his figure is completely hidden in the darkLike Nie Yi’s, this is a continuous village. However, this village is different from other places. The house here is built on a tree that stands tall and tall, and some places are open platforms. Only a huge monster, the Thunderbird, is quietly resting on these platforms.Above the head of a thunderbird, there is a crown-like thing that glows quietly in the darkness.The light spots that flew up in the night sky just now came from Thunderbirds.It is estimated that there are at least tens of thousands of residents in this huge village, and from the standing place, there are some bright spots in the distant mountains.It seems that there are more than one settlement here! There are guards wearing grey leather, with sharp spears, standing on some giant tree quails guarding us as brothers.And not far away, halfway up the hillside, a group of people is dug in the mountain, as if digging something"Don't be lazy, it's just for death!" A guard said the language of the Ulan Empire era, wielding a whip and pumping it down to those who dig mines.Some of the miners were overwhelmed and fell to the ground. The guards had no mercy and continued to whip until the miner had no breath. Then they cried coldly: "Put him out. I buried it!” The ore they excavated was the original rock of the crystal of red blood! The role of red blood crystals is no doubt that, although a few hundred pounds of the original stone can be extracted from a small piece of red blood crystals, but it is also very impressive, I did not expect that there is actually a red blood crystal mineral deposit! When Nie Li was ready to continue to inquire here, all of a sudden, Nie Li felt a murderous move, immediately took the Scorpio God Lei Jian in his hand, and watched viciously to the side of the grass.The grasses moved and a figure appeared slowly"Who are you?" An interracial girl with a long sword showed up in the lush grass. She watched Nie away viciously and was full of hostility.Nie Li looked at each other. The appearance of the other party was different from that of ordinary humans. Behind them was a pair of silver wings. These wings did not come together after the demon spirit, but they grew up on them.She wore a kind of silver armor, and in the dark green eyes gave off a hint of gloom in the darkness.Nie suddenly thought of it, this is the silver wing family of Ulan Empire! The first generation of silver wing family owners implanted the wing of a silver winged thunderbird into their own body and inherited the inheritance of the pedigree.In the Silver Wings family, the noblest pedigree has silver wingsThe other party is at least one of the gold five-star strong! "Hello, Your Excellency, Hello, we are some traveller who crossed the road. We inadvertently broke in here and offended. Please also forgive me.“Nie immediately stood straight, slightly shy, and said in a standard Ulan Empire language.After hearing Nie from the pure language of the Ulan Empire, a flash of doubt appeared in the eye of the girl of the alien race. Shen Sheng asked, "Who are you from, where are you from?" Nie Li guesses, these silver wings The masters of the family should have moved in here in the dark ages, because the Uran Empire, long ago in the dark age, was swamped by the endless frenzy of frenzy.“My ancestor was a family of silver, and later fled in the darkness of the darkness and finally survived.I accidentally broke in here"Nie quickly thought about it“Silver Shine?” The silvery-winged girl opposite the silver-winged family stunned a little, then revealed a bit of agitated look. At that time when the Ulan Empire was at its height, the Silver Shine family was one of the family members of the Silverwing family. The two sides have very close ties and there are so many marriages. It can be said that there is a relationship between them.The silver wing family’s girl was silent for a moment and said: “Since our grandparents came here, they have not contacted the outside world for thousands of years. We cannot return to the continent where we lived. We can only live forever in this continent. Dark worldWelcome to come here, I immediately went to accuse my father, you come with me! "Nie left for a moment and nodded his head: "Okay“Nie left behind this girl, walking all the way toward the inside of the phoenix.” My name is Red Moon. What is your name? "The girl looked to Nie away and asked Nie Li up and down.""I'm RezoldReplied by Nie LiThe girl was slightly beheaded. She was skeptical about Nie's identity, but now she is surely certain that the family of Yinhui is indeed a surname.In the dark age, the splendor of the family of Yinhui has long since ceased. At most, only one or two branches of the tribe have escaped. After so long, I can’t be afraid of the people of Yinhui’s family who are surnamed Lei."His Royal Highness, will you be a Silverwing family?" Nie asked pretending to ask carefully"YesRed Moon nodded“Isn't Silverfinger Family Named Kongkong?” asked Nie Li."Yeah, my name is Sakonghongyue."The Red Moon nodded her head. Her suspicion of Nie Li was even less. It seems that Nie Li knew that they were a silver wing family."Sakong Hongyue was a silver armor. He was both full of competent and vigorous. The slender legs were full of power. Nie Li could feel it. Although the other person was a girl, the power of the flesh was definitely very powerful.“Thank you for coming, it is the territory of our family of silver wings. There are 13 families in this stretch of mountains. These 13 families came from the Dark Ages. The dynasties that were destroyed were five families. If we know that you are a silver-haired family, you will be dead."Sakong Red Moon jumped vigorously in the jungle while saying"It turned out like thisNie nodded and nodded. I did not expect there were so many survivors of the dark ages. However, if Nie departed from the territory of other races, then naturally there would be another remark.A moment later, a magnificent palace in front attracted the attention of Nie Li.The palace was lifted by dozens of giant trees. The walls of the palace were as high as tens of meters high and towering, giving people a sense of oppression.Nie Li followed behind Sagong Moon, entered the palace, passed through a corridor, and finally entered one of the wide halls.Hey, a sound of crisp whip hum cameAfter entering the main hall, Nie Li first saw two huge pillars. One of the pillars was tied with a muscle-strung young man. He was on his upper body and covered with traces of blood after the whipping. There was no piece on the body. The skin is completeThis youth also has a pair of wings, but it is a dark gold tone that is different from that of other silver wing families.Two guards wearing leather guards kept waving the whip and whipped the young man. Although the pain was a bit distorted, the young man still bit his teeth and did not give a trace of pain. His eyes were full of indomitable spirits."His Royal Highness, he is?" Nie looked away to Sakong Hongyue, asked doubtfully"Oh, a dastardly bastard!" Sagong murmured. "His mother was my family of silver wings, but quietly had a relationship with our enemies, the Black Dragon family, and gave birth to it." heAfter we discovered it, his parents died when we were hunted down. Only his chopped meat was left. It was ridiculous that the merchandise actually pleaded with us before he died. Let us let him pass. It is simply not knowing what to do. We must be slow. Slowly torture him to death! "The voice of Sagong Hongyue was cold and frosty. In her opinion, the scum of this family was, of course, innocent.For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience