One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel readingIn Nie Li’s view, bronze and silver are very easy to break through, and the difficulty of the Jin-class gold level has been slightly improved, but it is not a threshold that cannot be broken. To break through the gold level with the practice of condensing children and others. It's a breeze, as long as the accumulated soul power is enough, you can easily break throughAs for Nie himself, due to the practice of God of Heaven, the difficulty of Jin Dynasty is several times more than others, but although it is harder than a few times, it is not so difficult.Constantly absorbing the soul power on the crystal of red blood, and refining it into its own, the sea of ​​soul continues to expand, and the soul power has a feeling of fullness.However, Nie Li did not immediately attack the gold level, but instead continuously compressed the soul power of the soul sea, continued to compress it, compressed it in a small area, and continued to capture the soul power on the crystal of red blood.Double the soul power, twice the soul power, three times the soul power... It consumes more than ten pieces of crystal of red blood. After the soul is full of seven times of soul power, Nie Li’s soul is finally at sea. Reached the limit"All right"Nie left his eyes and opened his eyes. The soul power in the sea of ​​souls surged up, and he rushed violently toward the whole body of Nie Li.Like a raging tide, you can't handle it.Nie from the momentum of the body, suddenly powerful a few times, reached the level of a star of gold, although only a gold star level, but Nie from his previous past battle experience, the general gold level strong, I am afraid not Nie Li opponentsNie felt the soul power in the body and saw the depths of the sea of ​​souls. The bud grew slowly and turned into a long vine, turning it into two branches. One had even lived with a tiger tooth panda. He lived with the shadow demon spirit, the tiger tooth panda, and the shadow demon spirit, slowly curled up, like two fruits on the vine【Love to the novel network.】Continuously draw nutrition from the vineNie Li can feel that Tiger Panda and Shadow demon spirit are undergoing some kind of strange transformation.This strange change made Nie Lidu surprisedBecause for the first time, he discovered that the original soul power in the sea of ​​souls can be transformed into such a substantial form.It seems that his understanding of the soul power is still not enough place! Nie quickly hides the breath of the body, although it has reached the level of one star of gold.However, the body breath is still silverWith Nie away's ability to hide power, I am afraid even if Mr. Kong comes easily, he may not be able to sense the real strength of Nie Li.When Nie had finished adjusting his breath, the time had passed ten days. The screams of Duan Jian finally settled down.In the end, no further sound was emittedNie Li and others have appeared one after another, watching Duan Jian quietly lying on the ground“What happened to him?” Du Ze and others felt that Duan Jian’s breath became weaker and weaker, and he gradually became insensible.Xiao Luer and Lu Piao et al.Duan Jian will not be so dead? Only Nie Li, very quietly watching Duan Jian lying quietly on the ground, if Duan Jian can hold on, then there is a chance to become a masterpiece, if I can't pass, I'm afraid ... for a long time, Duan Jian's breath Getting weaker and weaker and disappearingHowever, suddenly,嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭 嘭嘭The strong and powerful voice seems to have collapsed next to the wall.Followed byA majestic momentum, centered on Duan Jian’s body, spreads out aroundThis imposing manner made Xiao Xinger and others feel a bit of oppression.Nie Li can feel that majestic power flows inside Duan Jian’s body.The wings behind him are stronger, only to hear a bang, and the black gold chains that are tied around Duan Jian’s body have collapsed and broken.Duan Jian issued a furious roar like a dragon"What is this terrible monster?"Looking at Duanjian in horror, I didn't expect Duan Jian to die soon, and suddenly became so powerful."An atmosphere of stock was released from Duan Jian. His body slowly floated up and shrouded in a faint black light. His look was like an awkwardness overlooking life. For a long time, he broke open. EyesWhen he saw Nie Li and others, he slowly fell down.The power of Black Dragon's blood is really powerful, which makes Duan Jian's flesh power reach a very amazing level. The legendary strong cannot even cause any harm to his flesh.Duan Jian’s figure is slightly higher than that of Nie Li and others. His look is firm and his eyebrows are starry. Although his hair is a bit messy, it is difficult to conceal his outstanding qualities.Duan Jian’s original chaotic eyes gradually became clear and energetic. At this time, he seemed to have just come to understand the change in his body. He passed through the eye-catching colors and stared in front of Nie Li.Duze and Lu Piao slightly frowned. Duan Jian’s strength was far stronger than them, and they felt a hint of threat. They subconsciously went to Nie Li’s side and were ready to respond to Duan Jian's attack.Standing in front of Nie from the segment of the sword, suddenly slamming on one knee, Chen Sheng said: "Thank you for the owner of the re-creation of paragraph sword, from now on, Duan Jian this life is the owner, the master let me When I was born, I was born, my master let me die, and I died!” Duan Jian’s voice was clear and there was no hesitationIn fact, with the current strength of Duan Jian, it is entirely possible to renege. It is not difficult to escape from the family of Silver Wings. However, Duan Jian did not choose to flee, but chose to underestimate his haughty head.At the moment his parents died, Duan Jian lived in pain and was tortured by the Silver Wing family. Nie Li made him a strong player and rescued him from the hardships. Give him a glimmer of hope to revenge for his parentsNie Li recreates his fellow talent! I really did not take the wrong person. Nie Chengzhong thought that Duan Jian was indeed a sentimental person. Starting from this moment, Nie Li knew Duan Jian was really attentive."Your physical strength is not inferior to the legendary strongman, but in the face of true legendary masters, you are not an opponent, so your strength can not be exposed!" Nie Li said to Duan Jian, "The chain of black gold is renewed. Bring it back!" "Yes, Master."Duan Jian nodded his head. In his eyes, the flame of hatred flashed through. In his lifetime, he must personally hand over the Sagittarius's old thief. But he also understands that it is still necessary to endure."He has been for so long, not at this timeNie Lichao looked at the belly of Duan Jian. The seal of Duan Jian's abdomen was completely broken. Nie left his hands to gather up a trace of soul power and point to the abdomen of Duan Jian, making Duan Jian’s abdomen have a more imprint on his abdomen. He was tied to a brand new black gold chainAlthough it was tied tightly, but it really had to encounter what happened, Duan Jian could easily break this chain.Duan Jian’s loyalty is absolutely unquestionable, and his men are more than a few players. Nie Li is also very happy. In addition to his physical strength, Duan Jian’s own strength should be close to the black gold level under the stimulation of dragon blood. Strong barWhen Nie Li, Du Ze and Lu Geng chated with each other, Duan Jian silently sat on one side and quietly practiced."Nie Li, refining so many crystals of red blood, we have all reached the golden level.Du Ze told Nie Li that the process of Jinxuan was much easier than they thought.“Well, you continue to practice and consolidate the cultivation. I go out and walk around, look at the family of silver wings, wait for the glorious stone to come, and we will leave here."Nie Li said, everything is ready now, and we will wait for the Stone of Light of the Sky Easy.""it is goodDuze nodded his head"Nie Li, do you want me to go with you?" Xiao Ninger asked Nie to ask"It's not necessary. You stay here. It's not easy to have more people.Nie shook his head"Ok“Shaolin nodded and nodded, although she was a bit worried, she still chose to listen to Nie Li’sDuan Jianmu sent Nie Li to leave the other courtyard. He understood the position of Nie in the Silver Wing family. As long as he was in the territory of the Silver Wing family, Nie Li did not have to worry about danger.All the buildings of the Silver Wing family are hidden in the giant trees. They also have a lot of thunderbirds and are very alert. There are some flying monsters in the territory from time to time, but they are driven out by dense arrows.It can be seen that in the dimension space, the Silver Wing family is not comfortable and lives every day.When Nie Li walked around in the Silver Wing family's land, several gold-level guards of the Silver Wing family followed him closely. Although Nie Li was a little unhappy, he could only endure it. After all, it was their site.Gradually, Nie Li walked to the area of ​​the red blood of the mining areaThere were chained slaves everywhere. They were dressed in various tattered clothes and were trying hard to collect the rough stones of the red blood. With a little slow movement, the guards immediately whipped and pumped. With a bangOn a stone, a tight-fitting leather suit and a hot body of Sappy Moon, standing there with a whip, her eyes are full of indifference. It is common for all of this to happen.Not far away is a tall young man wearing a gold medal, from time to time to see the red moonAt this moment, when the old man had lost his strength, he fell to the front of the tall young man, and the tall young man's face suddenly fell."Waste, this thing can't be done well!" The tall young man waved his whip and whipped against the old man.With a bang, the old man's body suddenly shows a blood markThe old man grunted with pain and eagerly tried to get up, but he only climbed halfway because he was weak and weak, and he fell to the ground again."Useless old stuff!" The young man waved off with a whip.(To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience