Nie Li took a look at the young man who was tied to the pillar. Although he was tortured to be disgusted, he could feel it from his faint long hair, his unyielding eyes and his firm look. Dark, full of hatredHis black wings are actually dragon wings with some black dragons after evolution and are much stronger than silver wings.It's just his current cultivation, it's only the golden Samsung level.In Nie Li’s view, this kind of hatred between the family is not right or wrong, but the silver wing family torments this young man and is doing too much humanity.Nie Li looked at the young man, then he took his eyes back and walked behind the Red Moon of Sagong toward the front of the hall.Above the hall, an obese middle-aged man sat on the high throne and closed his eyes slightly. His face was gloomy and full of chill. The luxurious robe made him a little more noble. Next to the three beautiful ones. The girls helped him with his legs and back. The three girls were all wearing sexy silk clothes. The bumpy figure was faintly visible.Nie Li saw the middle-aged man's deep-seated eyes at a glance. His voice was a little dark, feeling the breath of the other person's body, his heart slightly glimpsed, the other side should be a legendary strong, but looks like already There isn’t much time, and I reluctantly use somethingThis person is the patriarch of the Silver Wing family.After hearing the footsteps of Sagong Hongyue and Nie Li, he opened his eyes and looked at Nie Li and Sikong Hongyue.“The Red Moon, Who is this person?” said Kong Kong Yi Shen Shen. The look of light murderousness swept over Nie Li’s body."Back to Father Huang, he was Lei Zhuo, a descendant of the Silver Brothers family. He came here inadvertently."Sakong Hongyue walked down the road"Silicon family?" Sikong stunned, and then haha ​​laughed. "The silver family has long been annihilated in the madness frenzy, how could there be descendents?" Sikong Yi's eyes suddenly become murderous, Falling on Nie Li's body, "Who are you from? Are you not sent by other families?" Sakong Hongyin listened to it, and he was also slightly frowning and fell coldly on Nie Li's body.“I’m really a descendant of the Silver’s family. I’m sure that although the family of Silver’s family is gone, there are still one or two branches that have survived."Nie Li said in the face of Sagong Yi's awkward murderousness."Nonsense"Sikong Yi cold Lengheng cry," This person will be a foreign spouse, he pulled me out! “The next few golden guards immediately waved their robes and pointed to Nie Li. As long as Si Kongyi made an order, Nie Lili immediately turned heads.Nie Li can naturally see that this is Si Kongyi's temptation to himself. He said proudly: “If you don’t listen to me, I’m not convinced if you don’t listen to me.” “Oh, boy. Somehow, if you don’t say a month or two, then I’m not polite."Sailor Chou said coldly"First of all, I'm not here. I'm from the outside world.Presumably this can also prove one or two! “Nie quickly merged the shadow demon spirit and the body quickly changedSeeing the changes in Nie's form, Si Kongyi's look moves slightly, Nie away from the fusion of the shadow demon spirit, not the monster hereThe demon spirit of the general Wicked can only save for six hundred years. The demon spirits stored in this world have been used up or have been destroyed.Nie Li has integrated a demon spirit they have never seen before. It is likely to be brought in outside."Even if the demon spirit is brought in from the outside, but it is not certain that you are not sent by other families."Sai Kong Yi is still unmoved, his face is dark and gloomy, which makes him wonder what he is thinking.Nie said with a faint smile: "It seems that I cannot prove it.However, there is a very big secret in the Silver Wings family, adults and patriarchs, that is, the Silver Wing family. After gaining the wing of a silver-winged Thunderbird, the body's rejection will increase with age. People in the Silver Wing family all lived in their 60s. I do not know if they are not? "After hearing Nie Li's words, Si Kong's eyes suddenly burst into a cold light, staring at Nie Li:" What are you? Kid, do you understand what you are talking about? "I'm really a descendant of the Silverlight family. This thing was also heard from my elders."I don’t know whether it’s true or not. I know that once I say this, I’m afraid that the chief patriarch will not let me go, but if I say, I have a solution, I don’t know what the patriarchs think. “Nie’s departure from the air is easy, and the look is calm as usual."Solution of the law, haha, joke!" Sky Kong laughed madly, just trembling slightly in the laughter, showing that he was not totally ignoring death. "We have no problems with our silver wing family.""Who said that no one can understand, my family from Silverlight has been searching for a solution to this issue since he knew that the family of Silverwing has such a problem. Later, he found a solution to this problem. He has not yet had time to tell the family of the Silver Wings. The dark age is coming." The mad animal frenzy erupted. Yinhui’s family died of annihilation. However, the solution to this problem has been spread to the present. It is only waiting for those who meet the silver wing family to complete the ancestor’s wish.“Nie Li said, although it is apocryphal, but it’s prettyWith his vast knowledge of the past, Nie Li can easily find the weaknesses of the other party and then break it.In the response of Sky Kong, Nie knew that he had won the ticket."In that case, then you still do not give me the solution!" Sikongyi still sits on the seat calmly, it looks like an eagle's eyes, watching Nie Li"Originally, I paid tribute to adults and patriarchs. I wanted to give the patriarchs the solution to the patriarchs. But the patriarchs treated me like this. I had to think about my own safety, and I also asked the patriarchs to forgive me."Nie Li slightly arched roadThe Red Moon next to him was frowned and she always felt that something was wrong, but she couldn't say anything."How do you think you said so? Do I believe you?” Sikong Yi sneered."I know that the patriarch of the company may not trust me, but I have a law of provenance. The silver wing family's illness requires the compatibility of seventy-six species of herbs and it takes seventy-nine forty-nine days for it to take effect.The rejection of the body is very painful. I have a method of remission here, and the patriarch of the Kong Kong can give it a try! "Nie left his right hand and took out a herb from the space ring." This is Tian Fangcao, and surely the Chief of the Sikong also knows it. It is not toxic and can relieve the pain of the Patriarch adults. After the finished, Nie left the herb and threw it away.Swift's right-handed grip, picking up herbs and looking down, is indeed correct for Tianfangcao. Although this dimension has no Tiancao growth, the silver wing family came to this dimension with a lot of medical books. It is also well documented on Tiancao grassIf Nie Li comes out with a herb that he does not know at all, he will definitely not try it easily. However, this is what he knows as the Tianfangcao. It has absolutely no toxicity.See Shikongyi hesitated. Nie Li continued to add a fire and said: “From the face of the patriarch of the air, the head of the patriarch of the air is close to the state of light and light. Even with legendary cultivation, it can How, after death is but a dry bone"Saikong Yi cold Lengheng cry, waved down the people to decoction, and said:" If you can not solve my illness, then I'm not polite"A moment, the decocted person was carrying a bowl of herbal medicine. After he took it, he looked up and drank it. Suddenly, Sikong's face became extremely unsightly."Father Wong!" Sagong Hongyue yelped anxiously. Suddenly, the body suddenly released a desperate sense of murder. The long sword in his hand rested on the neck of Nie Li. "If my father has something short, three long and two short, I want you to be buried." !” After a moment, Si Kongyi spit a long, dirty breath. He feels his whole body pores are refreshed. His long-term illnesses have also eased a lot. He did not expect this insignificant tiancao to have such a role.Sikong easily waved to Sagong Hongyue: "The Red Moon, retreat!" Sagong Hongyue looked at Sikongyi, put away the sword and retreated to the side.Sikong Yi said coldly: "Since you have a solution to the prescription, you don't have to offer it soon. I can save you from dying."After hearing the words of Sikong, Nie laughed and said:" Since the patriarch knows the benefits of Tiancao grass, it should be believed.If a gentleman does not stand under a dangerous wall, adults of the Patriarch will not feel that I will give up the medicine so that the patriarch would regret it. Will I die? What's more, many medicines on the prescriptions must go to the outside world in order to be properly prepared."Young people, are you sure you want to confront me in the end? "Sikong Yi looked at Nie Li coldly. "I have thousands of ways to torture you and let you tell prescriptions."""Hahaha"Nie laughed and laughed."The big deal is nothing but a death, you have to force me, if I modify the blind herbs, your elderly feel that you can live? "Nie left with the Secretary of the air-cool cold eyes, eyelid center ManbrunAfter a moment, Sikong Yi suddenly laughed and said: “Lei Zhuoxian is very bold and bold. I just tried to try Yin Xian, and she is a descendant of Yinhui’s family. After Yinhui’s family, I’m also twice as busy. Thanks to Sikongyi, Nie left a cry of an old fox and smiled on his face, saying: "Uncles laughed at me. I studied this recipe with Yinhui family, not for the sake of the Silverwing family." Ethnic people? In order to cure uncle's disease, the younger generation died.This is my all-day herb, able to relieve my uncle's illness within months.Nie waved his right hand and threw out the skySikong took over the Tiancao grass and collected it without traces. He nodded and said, "Honest and sincere, the future of this silver wing family is the home of Yinxian, where Yinxian loves to go, and no one will If you have any need, please speak!” (To be continued)