One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel readingNie Li and others were placed in a separate hospital. There were many guards outside the other hospitals. They said that they were protecting the safety of Nie Li and others, but in fact, it was probably for surveillance."Nie Li, it's very hard for us to go in and go out."Duze looked worriedly at Nie Lidao"Since I can come in, I have a way out"Nie Li smiled a bit, such a small silver wing family's territory, can trap him and there is a ghostNie Li has at least dozens of ways to escape without hesitation.However, now the Silver Wing family still has some value, and Si Kongyi is also helping them find the stone of glory. Before she squeezes out the value of the Silver Wing family, Nie Yi does not want to leave.Xiao Ning'er and others were very confident about Nie Li. After hearing Nie's words, they calmed down.Nie Li and others devoted themselves to practicing in other hospitals. Xiao Ning'er and others began to attack the gold level. After experiencing the previous dangers, they were more desperate to improve their own strength."Go inSeveral guards escorted the young man and entered another yard"Lee Son, we sent this traitorThe man who led the guard saidThe young man was naked on the upper body and was all tied up in the iron chain. The repair was suppressed by the seal on the stomach."Hard work, this is a few top-level medicines."Nie left his right hand and gave it to the guard's head for several drugs."The guard leader sniffed after taking the drug and immediately expressed his ecstasy. Respectfully, "The son of Lei is polite. You are careful. The traitor has the strength of Golden Samsung." Nie Li laughed: "You guys He was tied so tightly, and he also suppressed his strength with seals."" Then we'll go back first"The guards retired respectfully.Although the young man was tied up all over his body, his face was proud of his unyielding look. After he had just looked at Nie, he would not go too far, and would not speak in silence.Before comingHe had already heard that Nie Li was prepared to use his reagentsNie looked at the eyes of this young man. His eyes were full of hatred.If there is a little chance, he will not hesitate to destroy the entire silver wing family"What's your name?" Nie asked from the youthThe young man took a slightly puzzled look at Nie Li, proudly saying: "Duan Jian“Nie away from the chair, silent for a long time and said:” If I give you a chance to take revenge, what would you do? "Duan Jian looked at Nie LiHe doesn't understand why Nie Li suddenly said such words"I'm not a silver wing family and I don't like this silver wing family."Nie left shruggedIn Duan Jian’s original dim eyes, he suddenly flashed a cold cold light and immediately said: “If I can give this opportunity, I would like to swear by my dead parents that I will be loyal to you all my life, never Betrayal!" "This is what you said"Nie is slightly picking his eyebrows. He can feel the pair of black wings behind Duan Jian."Contains infinite power. "You will follow me later. I assure you that it will surely avenge your parents."Duan Jianyun slams down, and that eyelid is full of indomitable and hateful, like the volcano that will erupt, he took a deep breath:" Just give me ten years, I will be able to get the thief Items on the head! If you can help me, I will swear by Duan Jian here.Willing to be loyal to you forever and never betray! If you violate this oath, you are willing to receive the Scourge"Duan Jian, carrying the Blood Sea vendettaCountless times, he thought of death, but he was patient, like an injured beast, waiting for a counterattack against the Silver Wings family.Nie Li looked at Duan Jian and handed a piece of medicine to Duan JianRoad: "Eating it"Duan Jian did not hesitate to open the mouth swallowed the immortality"You are not afraid of I poisoning you with this pill?" Nie Li looked at Duan Jian calmly."If you want me to die, I absolutely can't live. From now on, my life is yours, you want it, just take it!" Duan Jian proudly raised his head.Even though he was a prisoner under the ranks, Duan Jian still had a sturdy bone. If Nie Li was able to give him a chance to take revenge, he would never succumb to anyone. Nie still remembered that when he faced whipping, he was fearless. Fearless arrogant eyesIf such a person, sincerely, will never betray"I have a way to make you a super power, even beyond the legendary level, but to be subjected to great suffering and pain, would you like it?" Nie looked down at Duan Jian asked“Is there still less torment and pain in my life in Duan Jian? The thief in Sakongyi wanted me to give in, but it was absolutely impossible. Pain and torture only made me stronger."Duan Jian was tied up with an iron chain and was repaired as a seal, but the body has a momentumNie moved away from his right hand and added a few fine needles in his hand. “Your body contains black dragon veins. I can inspire the black dragon blood on you.As a descendant of the dragon, once the blood is activated, it can reach at least the legendary level."You mean, can you make me a legendary strong person?" "Duan Jian was a shake and looked at something weirdly watching Nie Li.""Yes, the strength of dragon blood is not so simple. Even the smallest dragons can compete with the legendary strong.Only if you have to endure ten days of inhuman torture, after taking this inhuman torture, your physical strength can reach legendary level, but it is still far from the true legendary level, and your strength is not enough. Before the degree, you have to bear itNie Li said"Don't say ten days, even ten years, I can stand it!" said Duan Jian firmly."You don't decide too early"Nie looked away and said to Duan Jian. He finally decided to help Duan Jian.Duan Jian should be a person with a heavy heart, and Sikongyi is not a good bird.Duan Jianzhao lifted his head in front of Nie Li’s body: “Come on,"" You first took these medicines. These medicines will help you to regain strength and wait for you to regain strength. Let's get started“Nie Li said, he handed some drugs to Duan JianDuan Jian swallowed his mouth and began to turn his head away. He quickly felt a lot of energy.Nie Li began to apply a needle to Duan Jian. Soon, a small needle penetrated into Duan Jian’s body. He had more than thirty acupuncture points and all of his needles were tied.Although it was very painful at first, Duan Jian also only wrinkled his brow, but then, at the time of Nie Pinzao’s thirty-sixth fine needle, Duan Jian’s face was distorted.“Ah!” Duan Jian’s shrill screams are full of endless pain.At this time, his body was like a fire, he issued a billowing heat wave, and the dragon blood in his body began to be excited.The painful voice passed from one yard to the otherThe guards outside the yard could not help but face each other. The painful voice of Duan Jian gave them a sense of horror.Duan Jian, this person, they all know that, although it is a traitor, was spurned by the entire family, but in the face of the whip of day and night, He Duan Jian had heard so much? In fact, they are still admired by Duan Jian in their hearts. Who can still be fearless and bow their heads under such torture? But now, only a few minutes into the passage of Duan Jian, they sent such a stern screamIt is conceivable that Duan Jian is experiencing what kind of pain"I didn't think that Master Leizhuo was gentle and terrible when he tortured people!" The guards tingled their scalp and trembled slightly in their hearts. They could not even think about the course of the drug.Silver Wing Family House“The patriarch, the young Leizhuo began to test drugs, I heard Duan Jian was tortured very miserably.We had whiped that kid for so long before. The kid didn't have any regrets. But he had just entered the other yard of Lei Gongzi. The screams could be heard from outside! “Shang Kong Yi eyebrows slightly pick, did not think Lei Zhuo actually have these means, if this method is used to torture, absolutely effectiveSagong Hongyue looked at Saikyu and said: "Father, I thought about it when I went back and thought that I was a suspicious person."Saikong Yi shook his head:" This is not important anymore. Whether he is a silversmith or not, he can cure the disease of our silver wing family. It must be left behind.At least, we must wait until we know the complete prescription from his mouth and kill him! "Sai Kong Yi's eyelids, flashed a trace of vicious colorSagong Red Moon nodded"Nie Li, what did you do about him? You wouldn't really get him to try it, right?" Duze looked at the floor rolling, and he was still struggling under the chains, and he said a little mercifully.Xiao Lier did not believe that Nie Lizhen used paragraphs of non-human means to deal with Duan Jian."I sent him a chance. To what extent it can be achieved, it depends on his own good fortune."Nie Li said," Let's not blame him. Continue to practice."Give him a chance? Duze, Xiao Ting-er and others understood a bit, although there was a bit of sympathy for Duan Jian, but he didn't say anything again."The people returned to their respective rooms and began to practice intensively.Soon afterwards, there was also a large number of crystals of red blood sent by Sikongyi. After Nie Li refined the crystals of red blood, he was distributed to everyone. Everyone began to frantically extract the soul contained in the crystal of red blood. Strength and concentrationThe soul power contained in the crystal of red blood continues to rise and is incorporated into the soul sea.Time flies by. On the third day, Xiao Ninger, who practiced the wind and thunderbolt, first entered the gold level. In the following days, other people began to gradually advance.The effect of crystal of red blood is still quite obvious(To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience