This is a strange wasteland worldSome of the Wicked Animals at the top of the food chain actually do not know the origin of Nie Li, and Nie Li must be careful.Those ancestors opened up this space, and supported these evil beasts. What exactly is it? Nie Li has a faint feeling. There is a great secret hiding here. He puts the pages of the book of the demon spirit into good condition and looks at the humanity of Duze, 6 Piao, and others: "We are walking towards it."Nie is in the direction of the point where the sporadic lights are located."The people set foot on the journey, although in the dark it looks like the lights are very close, but it is actually very far away.Nie Li and Xiao Ning'er walked at the back of the team. The two did not speak, but the atmosphere between the two parties seemed a bit ambiguous."Dinger, I... I was just sorry, because the situation was urgent..." Nie said apologetically."I understandXiao Ninger's eyes flashed awkwardly and his heart was sour. Why did you apologize? If you did not hear Nie's apology, Xiao Ning'er was still immersed in joy. She is not willing to give up and she will not die.Nie Lichang sighed and uttered a deep sigh. It was the hardest to endure the grace of the beauties of the beauties. His heart was sad. In the past, he owed his love debts. He still did not pay off.Maybe it's the same thing in the world, and it's totally beyond control.The situation that owes to Xiao condense children, only to return for the next lifeAfter Nie Liwei looked at the wilderness around him, he had been hunted after being here. He almost encountered danger and was too passive. If this goes on, what danger will he encounter?And among the wilderness, there will be red ghosts from time to time. If we encounter red ghosts again, then we must kill them violently? Have to think of a solution! Nie suddenly thought of somethingCalled Blood Blast, insert the blood of a fresh Wicked Animal into a bottle and engrave it on the bottle.You can make a blood explosion bottle. This blood bomb bottle will be thrown out. It will instantly detonate a large area around you.This thing is only effective for the Wicked animals below the gold level, and it is extremely lethal."I almost forgot this thing!" Nie stopped and patted the foreheadHear Nie Li’s wordsAll the people looked back and looked puzzled at Nie Li and asked, "What?" "Daze, 6 Gone, there are a lot of crystal bottles that contain potions in your space ring."Nie left to see Duze, 6 float asked"Of course, these things are standingDuze nodded"You're going to catch some ghosts and put the blood of the ghost into the potion."" Why do you want this thing? ""I'm useful! "Nie left a mysterious smile"Okay, let's go and get it!" Duze and 6 nodded their heads as they flew up and searched for the lost ghost.After a momentDuze and 6 Piao got back dozens of bottles. Nie Li took the bottle from their hands and picked up the blood of the red ghost. They constantly painted the stencil on the bottle and one of the etched lines quickly formed."Well, one person is divided into three bottles and the rest is given to Duze and 6 Floating.“Nie Li said, “There is time to continue to make a little of the blood of red ghosts."" How to use this thing? "6 Wandered from a bottle, looked at it, asked doubtfully"I will give you a demonstrationRemember to be careful, don't fall on the ground, and you can't save the gods when you fall to the ground."Nie Li smiled slightly6 Puffed up, this stuff is so scary? His hand is looseThe bottle containing the red ghost's blood fell"My mother!" 6 Wing-Eye Wrestler quickly grasped, scared to face whiteEveryone looked at 6 floating with a weird look, and six ethereal smiles: “I'm sorry, just not careful!” Nie Li and others went all the way to the depths of the wilderness. After a moment, many red ghosts gathered again. comeThere are almost a few hundred more, and more and more"These guys still dare to come"Duze's face is slightly dignified“This wasteland is their predatory site. We are here for activities. They can smell our breath and then gather more and more!” Nie Li said, slamming one of the bottles containing blood of the red ghost toward the red. Threw the past in the most dense directionThe bottle drew a straight line in the airRed ghosts jump up and downOne of the ghosts jumped violently and grabbed the bottle, but Nie Li's strength was too great. The bottle went to the ground with the red ghost.The jar suddenly burst open, and the terrible impact swept a radius of tens of meters, sweeping it, the flames leaping, and all the ghosts turned into coke.This blood bomb bottle quickly cleared hundreds of red ghosts! Seeing this scene, everyone was astounded. They couldn't imagine it completely. Nie Lixia had such a small blood bomb bottle. There was such a terrible power that they looked at each other.6 float was scared almost **, I had a go, if just a bottle of blood bomb bottle falls to the ground, then also got? "Well, let's go"Nie Li smiled. Even if more red ghosts couldn't threaten them, once the red ghosts got together, they could use the blood bomb to clear them. If there were fewer, then those silver stars were small." Things can't pose any threat to themAt this moment, Wei Nan seemed to be present. He was caught in the middle of the bodies of the red ghosts. A small pea-sized thing drew his attention.Because of this thing, quietly out of the darkness in the dark"Nie Li, I have something now. What is this?" Wei Nan asked the question with a doubt.Nie Wei took Wisdom's hand in a puzzled way and took it up and observed it. She was surprised at how this kind of thing was there! "What is that?" Duze and others were also curious"This is the crystal of red blood!" Nie Li took a deep breath and said, "The crystal of red blood is a very strange ore. After being swallowed by the Whelp, it can produce infinite power, even with a certain probability. Can make it JinjieIn addition, there is a use of crystal of red blood, which will be sealed into the body of the low elves and strengthen its growth, but the resulting beast will become extremely tyrannical."No wonder the red ghosts here are so arrogant that although the red ghosts like to flock in groups to kill their prey, they are also very brave. When they encounter hordes of people, they tend to follow each other's physical consumption or have no defense. Offensive, and here's the ghost, it is simply to see people on the Hupenghuanyou, rushed to bite"You mean, the ghosts here are all sealed with red blood crystals? But why did we only find a crystal of red blood?" asked Duze next to him."The person who laid out this dimension space just caught a part of the red ghost and sealed the crystal of red blood. After that, the ghosts of the red ghost should all be born later.Nie Li said, "But because the first generation of ghosts was already violent, their descendants were also very violent."" This is the case, no wonder there are so many red ghosts inside, just to find a red blood crystalDuzi and others suddenly realizedOf the hundreds of red ghosts, only one or two are the first generation of ghosts. I don't know how long these ghosts have been breeding here.I did not expect to find such a good thing as the blood of the red blood, but even the legendary spirits are very rare thingsIt seems that the other person should be a very powerful and rich existence. He actually used the crystal of red blood in some small red ghosts.In addition to the above-mentioned functions, the crystal of red blood is refined through special methods to remove impurities from inside. This is a good thing for cultivation, which can greatly increase the power of the soul, even for the legendary demon spirit master. The effect is also very strongThe former Ye Moi adults should get a lot of red blood crystals from here! "We get a little blood bomb bottle!" Nie Lie said, since they can get red blood crystals, they naturally will not be polite, thanks to his space ring, also brought a lot of crystal bottles6 Gone with the Wind caught a red ghost, and tied all his hands and feet, and then squatted on his hands. The red sneak screamed and the sound broke through the night sky, and soon a group of red ghosts poured over them.The blood bomb exploded continuously and wiped out a group of ghosts.Nie Li and others found a crystal of red blood from the ground. In almost a few hundred red ghosts, there will be one or two red ghosts containing crystals of red blood.After obtaining 10 crystals of red blood, Nie Li was not deceived and started the process of removing impurities directly. Anyway, all the raw materials in his space ring had been directly refined.The crystal of red blood is slowly melting in the medicine of Nie Li's configuration. Black impurities are deposited in the bottom of the bottle. Nie Li is put into another kind of medicine. Soon, the red blood crystals reunite into one another. A more pure spar"You're alone.Nie Li handed Du Ze, 6 Piao et al.According to Nie Li’s embarrassment, they sequestered the crystals of red blood. From time to time, they took a trace of soul power from the crystal of red blood, and the pure soul power of the crystal of red blood resulted in some improvement in their cultivation. The promotionWhile they hunted the ghosts, they walked toward the mountains.At this moment, on the mountainside of the distant mountain, two light spots sky and flew toward the endless night sky."What is that?" everyone was slightly surprisedThey think that these spots of light are the fire in the village, but did not expect two points of light to fly to the sky. What is going on here? "Nie Li, will we still continue?" Duze walked to Nie's side and asked Nie to leave the road. He felt a hint of danger. Those lights would not be some sort of monster.Xiao Ling'er can't help but look up and look at Nie Li"We still have to go there"Nie nodded and said firmly."(To be continued)