~~ The previous section was updated incorrectly and has been modified.@@, Everyone reads in orderSi Kongjue and others wrinkled their brows. They hadn't understood it yet. Nie had nothing to do with this sentence. He only listened to his voice."Hey!" Duan Jian's muscles swelled, and I saw the black gold chain that was tied to him.Seeing this scene, Sikong must wait for someone's face to change greatly. What kind of power does he need to win this black gold chain? what on earth is it? Sikong must suddenly understand something. Shen sang: “Fast kill him!” The three gold-level strongmen next to him swelled momentarily. They swung their sword in their hands and went toward Duan Jianfu. Break through the air and hear bursts of whistling"Kill!" The three gold powerhouses have burst out of murderous blood.At the same time, the three swords were smashed on Duan Jian’s body, but it was the sound of metal communion. It did not cause any damage to Duan Jian. Even a trace of blood did not leave any."How is this possible?" "How can this small crossbred body be so strong?"Nie Li is a faint smile, Duan Jian body, but hidden dragon blood, the dragon is the body's strongest race, more than a hundred hardened steel is also numerous times, several gold class strong want to hurt Duan Jian's Physically, it is simply impossibleIn the eyes of Duan Jian, he suddenly burst into a firm light, holding the sword of one of the gold-class strongmen in his right hand, pulling it over suddenly, and then punching it out.A powerful strength centered on the fist of Jian Jian, bursting aroundThe golden powerhouse punched in the abdomen and the entire face was distorted. The puppet's inverted flight was a few hundred meters away.Falling heavily on the ground, I couldn't live without seeing it.Originally in the eyes of the company, it was the rabbit that he had butchered. In a flash, he became a tigerAll this must be related to Nie Li"Lei Gongzi, what do you mean by this?"Nie shrugged"If you ask me what use is, what is the relationship between Duan Jian and you? What is the relationship with me?” Si Kong must draw out the big sword in his hands. He felt a strong crisis, and the strength demonstrated by Duan Jian, It is terribleDuan Jian was battling with two gold-class strongmen. The attacks of those Gold-class strongmen fell on him and could not cause any harm to him, but his fistsEven if only 30% of the power is used, it is enough for a gold class strong person to suffer."Bang!" Duan Jian was a punch and flew out one of the gold-class strongmen."There are three!" Duan Jian's eyes, looked at the remaining three people in awe-inspiring manner, especially Si Kongjue, who had just stepped on his face and cursed his mother in his heart.The mother is his scaler, "You guysHave to die! He remembered the days when his father and mother took him away from Tibet. Those days, although they were in danger every day, they were so memorable.Until the arrival of these silver-winged families, he watched his father and mother commit suicide in front of him and pleaded with these people to let themselves go.The kind of piercing pain that others cannot understandIn his heart, father and mother are always the noblest beingsAfter experiencing so much pain and suffering, he was spurned by the family of silver wings and mocked everyone's sarcasm.He is still patientStill stole and stole life, for one day, revenge on them.Duan Jian eyes red, like a fierce beastLooking at Duanjian's eyes, Sikong was absolutely afraid of it. He did not expect that the Duan Jian that was tied in the chain suddenly broke free and became a beast of human beings.He could almost imagine how dreadful it would be if Duan Jian, who had been so tortured and humiliated for so long, would revenge."We killed him together!"The voice of Sagong falls, two gold-class strongmen suddenly rise up and plunge toward Duan Jian.Just at the moment when the two gold-class powerhouses have risen up, Sikong has to take a leg and run out.Duan Jian fought with the two Gold PowersSikong had just escaped a few hundred meters, but he saw that Nie was already in front of him."Lei Zhuo, you want to find death!" Sikong looked at Nie Li coldly and waved his sword towards Nie Li."I don't want to fight with you. I just wanted to get a justice for Duan Jian!" Nie Li's body quickly changed and turned into a tiger-toothed panda with a black and white photosphere.The two black and white light balls fluttered in the sky and flew to the sky.Sikong was shocked. They had not fought with the demon psychiatrist for many years. The power contained in the black and white ball of light made him feel fear and fear.The two black and white light balls collided together, and a powerful shock wave erupted. Sikong was rolled upside down. It stopped just tens of meters away.Unexpectedly, Nie was so powerful that he was shocked by his heart. He had always been deceived by Nie, and Nie Li could be a silver-class one, clearly a golden-headed demon psychic teacher! At this time, two muffled sounds came along. With the sound of broken bones, the two gold-class strongmen were all flung away by Duan Jian, and it was impossible to live.After killing the two gold-class strongmen, Duan Jian fell in front of Sky Kong"You..." Kong Kong looked at Duan Jian, who came calmly, and his heart was full of despair. Duan Jian was like a monster. His strength was too scary. He was not able to resist at all.Duan Jian’s pace was smooth, but every step he took, the ground cracked open. At this time, he was like an erupting volcano, full of terrible power.“You shouldn’t insult my mother!” Duan Jian’s voice, Mori’s cold as if it were from hell"I'm sorry to... let me go..." Si Kong said in horror, retreating"Do you think I'll let you off?" Duan Jian stared blankly at Si Kong, and went on walking. The power of his whole body was concentrated on his arms, and his arms were buzzing around him. BurstSeeing that he was only a few tens of meters away from him, he suddenly became paralyzed and picked up six unwashed red blood crystals and swallowed it.The body of Sky Kong’s body constantly rises. Under the bulge of the power of the blood of red blood, the muscles of his body continue to swell, and his height has also become several times larger. Hey, his clothes have been torn out.The power of the six unpurified red blood crystals, even for legendary powerhouses, cannot be refined within a short period of time. What's more, Kong Kong is only a golden five-star powerhouse! In the body of Si Kong’s body, full of raging forces, he punched his sword in the air towards Duan Jian.Although faced with a size that is several times its own, Kong Duan, Duan Jian is not afraid of the slightest, waving his fist to the sky to the skyWhen the fists hit each other, a majestic force swept out in the direction of the intersection of the fists, and a few hundred meters of ground burst open.“How could this be?” Kong Kong was absolutely fearless, and even if he swallowed six crystals of red wine, his own strength reached an extreme, and even the meridians were almost burst by this terrible force, but they still could not suppress it. Live the strength of the swordDuan Jian suddenly jumped into the air and smashed into the air. The hugely massive Skykong was like being kicked in the sky. He slammed into the sky and crashed into the ground.The ground was born to be a huge pitSeeing that Duan Jian is like a falling meteor, Sikong will all condense all the forces in the right fist, slam a punch and bombard the belly of Duan Jian, Duan Jian is beaten upside down and out in the air. Tumbled for a few weeks and fell to the groundThis is the first time that Sky has caused damage to Duan Jian.Duan Jian, who had just landed, wiped the blood on his lips and leapt up. He jerked his right foot and squatted down to the sky.Sky was so scared that he quickly rolled out to the sideDuan Jian has his right foot on the ground and the ground is instantly opened by a crater with a radius of tens of meters."What is this terrible power?" Sky Kong scared to face pale, Duan Jian this guy is simply non-human, this flesh power is simply comparable to the legendary powerhouse, and the power of the six red blood crystals, has completely lost Control, re-invasion of his meridians, no longer too late! Sikong jumped up and rushed toward the distance. He hugged his chest and was extremely severely wounded, like a wild dog."I want to run, it's not that easy!" Duan Jian stared at the back of Sky Kong. It was the enemy who forced his parents to death. How could he let the other side run away! Inspired by anger, the hidden dragon blood in the body is just around the corner.Duan Jian opened his mouth with a huge black flame and turned it into a giant black dragon, and he fell to the sky."Ah!" Sky was screaming and annihilated in the black flames.The black flames continued to burst open. Everything in a radius of several hundred meters was smashed and the ground formed a giant hole."Black Dragon Rage Flame?" Nie Li did not expect that Duan Jian would have understood the skills of the dragons in this situation. The power of this Black Dragon's Rage Flame was more than a few times strongerWatching the enemy annihilate in the Black Dragon's anger flames, Duan Jian was exhausted on the ground, tears ran down his cheeks, cried like a child, and the humiliation of such a long period of patience finally came to an end. The moment was releasedIn tears, he vaguely saw the kind mother and gentle father, who held out their generous hands and took him to run in the wilderness."Hey, Mother..." Duan Jian cried and whispered, reaching out and trying to catch him, but the figure of his father and mother gradually disappeared and disappeared at the end of the wilderness.(To be continued) u