The old man's family had already reached the end of his life. But there was nothing in his family that could be sold out. This snow Ling Ling, he did not know what to do, and it was here for decades. Still not. People buyThere are two other grandchildren waiting to be fed at home. The old man doesn’t know what to doHe had thought that this bead could sell two or three bags of food. It was already very good, but he did not expect that Nie actually gave him so many things."The old man, I have used so many things for you. It is your advantage. What are your requirements?Nie separated from the road. He also wanted to give something precious, but Nie Li understood that giving too precious things would bring disaster to this elderly person."I don't know what this is. It is God's gift to us that we can change so much food. We have no more requirements."The old man has made a few more noisesBehind the two emaciated youth came to the old man's side"Big cattle, two cows, don't hurry up and give us an embarrassment!" The old man said hurriedly to the two young people behind him.The two youths did not say anything. They directly rang several loud noises.Nie Zhongjue sighed with emotion. He took out five bags of grain and a few pieces of meat from the space ring and placed it on the booth. Then he put the Snow Spirits into the space ring and left.Seeing the high food piled up at the stalls, the old man suddenly burst into tears and trembled and said, "God, bless this grace and peace and health!" Some of the stall owners next to see this scene, they all show envy. The look of these people, although it is very eye-catching to these old people's food, they do not dare to do anything. After all, this town, but the family responsible for the management of the flamesThey can't dare to mess around hereA few laps inside the town, and soon, Duan Jian has already redeemed a lot of red blood crystals and the dragon's stone."These stones will be given to youNie Li picked up some of the dragon's stoneHanded Duan Jiandao, "The Dragon's StoneFor those who have dragon blood, there is a very big advantage, you can greatly quench your soul power, then I will help you find a dragon's demon spirit, you can become a demon teacher."The dragon's demon spirit is very hard to find, but there is no way, because Duan Jian's flesh, destined to he can only adapt to the dragon's demon"Thank you master"Duan Jian respectfully respectedNie Li has found many good things all the wayGradually, I walked up to a very large shop front. The word “Shen Yan” was huge on the top of the shop. It was quite discouraged. Various guests at the entrance were also coming and going.Nie Zhongyi moves, "Let's go in and see“Nie Li had a little curiosity about the family of Shen Yan. If the family of Shen Yan really said the same thing as Duan Jian, maybe he could establish some connection with the family of Shen Yan.This shop has a total of seven floors. The first floor sells a variety of ordinary herbs, ores, weapons and other groceries.Nie Li had no interest at all. He took Dongjian to the second floor and the second floor sold it.Is a variety of martial arts exercises, booksAll the way up, the things in front of the five floors are not so good in Nie Li’s view. Although there are some things to be found, they are not particularly concerned.On the sixth floor, Nie Li stayed in front of a large sword. This large sword was dark and bursting with black flames from time to time. It was a fiery breath.FightSeeing Nie left in front of the big sword, a slightly obese middle-aged man came overWith a smile on his face, said: "Blacksmith's Golden ForgeExtremely sharp, iron-cut, and embossed with flames, containing firepower, a sword, and a flame effect that can burn opponentsThe guest officer is really good"" What is the price of this sword? ""We only accept barter, we have to see what the guest officer is willing to exchange for something.""Middle-aged fat smiled slightlyNie Li was a moment away. He was the most powerful person in his own hands. He took out a soul-stirring dan and threw it to the fat man and said, “What about this matter?” Before Nie Li casually sent it out, it was just raising the soul. Just now, and now, in order to exchange this great sword, Nie Li has come up with a level that is higher than the soul of DanThe middle-aged fat man took the immortality and sniffed it. His eyes lighted and said: "The good thing is actually the soulIn the dark times, alchemists suffered heavy casualties. There are few left, and alchemists who can refine the soul of Dan are rare."This fat middle-aged man just smelled it, and he knew that he was a soul-eating man.The middle-aged fat man was silent for a moment: "I want to change this black-flame sword. This alone can not be enough. At least two hundred soul-filled Dan must be worthy of the value of Black-Sword!" One of the souls of the soul can replace the sword, and the number of two hundred pieces is also lower than the estimate of Nie's departure. The number in Nie's centrifuge is one thousand."This is two hundred souls!" Nie Li took out two bottles of condensing soul from the space ring and threw it to the middle-aged fat man.Unexpectedly, Nie was not even paid off, and he threw out two hundred souls of Dan, and the two hundred souls of Dan, could create several strong players for the family of Shen Yan. Many silver stars and five-star gold are strong. With the soul of Dan, there will be a lot of hope for Jinsheng.The medicine of this medicine, which was kept for a maximum of 100 years, could not be used, and the number of alchemists was very small. Therefore, every family in the prison of the jail was an imminent lack of medicine, especially the high quality immortalityAs for the Black Sword, this kind of thing, people who escaped into the black prison in the dark ages, almost everyone has brought in a lot of space rings to enter. There are many kinds of treasures, and many treasures are passed down. The sword of black inflammation is not too bad. It's an ordinary thing.Nie Li took off the black inflammation sword and threw it to Duan Jiandao: “This sword is for you!” The black sword is just suitable for Duan Jian who owns the Black Dragon Blood. Otherwise, Nie Li will not be selected in many treasures alone. ItAfter Duan Jian took over the sword, he froze it and looked at him with a grateful look. He took a deep look at Nie’s back.From the various aspects that he followed along with Duan Jian, Nie Li felt that Duan Jian was a person who knew the truth, so he was not afraid of Duan Jian.After the middle-aged man's body had taken away the drug, he followed him with a charming smile and said: "Excuse me, are you an alchemist?" Nie looked at the fat middle-aged man. Dagger: "Not bad"The middle-aged man suddenly appeared bright and more humble." My name is Li Fu. I don't know your name. For whom family? ""I don't belong to any family. As for the name, I don't think you need to know it.""Nie Li looked at Li Fu lightly.Li Fu did not mind the attitude of Nie Li at all. The preciousness of the alchemist is absolutely unimaginable. Nie is a bit arrogant but normal. Li Fu is close to Nie, and he is slightly in the middle: “Alchemy Master, Our family of Yanfeng has always wanted to hire an alchemist. If you are willing to join our family of Shenyan, what are your requirements and I can convey to our family?"It is still unnecessary to join your family. I do not want to be constrained, but cooperation is not a bad idea."“Nie Li will not say anything to his death. The reason why he exchanged black inflammation sword with Dan Conghun is also a matter of thinking, but he did not expect Li Fu to hook up so quickly."Cooperation? Also availableDo not know how you are prepared to cooperate? We can give you a lot of alchemy ingredients"In Li Fu's view, the most lacking of alchemists is to use alchemy raw materials.Nie Li glanced at Li Fu and said: “I don’t lack a source of alchemy. As for how to cooperate, I haven’t thought about it for the time being. Today, I’m just here to see if I’ve purchased a few pieces of Italian stuff.“When I heard Nie Li’s words, Li Fu flashed a disappointing look in his eyes and Nie Li’s lack of alchemy materials. Even the way he worked together did not think well, I’m afraid it’s just a matter of perfunctoryNie Li went straight and walked. It was difficult for Nie to pay attention to various treasures along the way. He continued to move up to the seventh floor. The seventh floor was well guarded. In front of each item, basically everything was standing. Armed guardPeople who do not have an identity are not allowed to go up to the seventh floor. Because Nie Li is an alchemist, when Nie Lifu came up, Li Fu did not block it.Nie visited the seventh floor. Many of the things on this floor are much more precious than the sixth floor. Basically, they are rare treasures passed down before the Dark Ages. Many things have never been seen.When Nie Li looked at the treasure, Li Fu quietly stepped out.Nie Li, of course, noticed Li Fu’s move, but he didn’t say it. He continued to watch it. Since he came here, he must have bought one or two things to go. Otherwise, he’s gone into Baoshan empty-handed, and it’s too depressing. Nie Li The eyes fell on a pile of Mingwen scrollsActually it is a legendary scroll containing the Ming scroll! Counted a total of seven"Brothers are interested in these scrolls?" A gentleman walked next to Nie, he was 16 or 17 years old, wearing a silk suit, imposingThis suit boy should be called by Li Fu. "Nice, really interested"Nie left nodded and did not avoid it.""These scrolls are really good things. It's just that these things were passed down before the Dark Age. The demon blood on them is very vague. Someone once tried to use them, but they can no longer be used.These scrolls have become a tasteless pity for the tasteless"Hua Ju juvenile shook his head and sighed slightlyThe Ming-line scrolls inherited from the Dark Ages have been baptized for so long. Naturally, they cannot be used. However, one thing to note is that these scrolls are the blood of legendary evil spirits and will not be so easily diluted. , as long as some processing is done, these mingles will shine again"Since it is a tasteless chicken, it's better to sell it to me. Let me go back and study it. How do you do it?" Nie laughed and smiled. Other people couldn't use it, it didn't mean he couldn't use it either.(To be continued)