Xiao Ning'er looks back at the black prison world. Although the black prison world is full of dangers, it is a journey between her and Nie Li. During this time, she almost died and Nie lied to her in the mouth of the monster. SavedAll of this, she will not forget to become a precious memory buried in the bottom of my heartSometimes, she was even wondering if it would be good to stay in the black prison world. Even if the world is dark and cold again, Nie can feel warmth and dependence, but she sighed in her heart. Her wonderful imagination is nothing"Dinger, what's wrong?” Nie looked back at Xiao Ding’s child, asked in confusion."It's nothingXiao Ning'er shook his head and his cheeks were red and lowered his head into the transmission matrix.Nie also stepped into the transmission matrixThese days, the array of demons and demon spirits in the city’s main government has been completed.Whether it was Ye Xiu or Ye Zong, my heart was very excited. When the demons and demons started their battles, the glorious city had a guarded barrier."Nie from the boy, be a great hero of the glorious city, once the holiday is written off, as long as he can make more contributions to the glorious city, even if I let this old bone to him a penalty, then why not!" Ye Zongyao hope A magnificent and majestic array of magical demon spirits.He has already seen the power of Taiyi’s killing array and Shenlei killing arrays. When eight killing arrays are linked together to form an array of demons and demons, it will be hard to imagine how amazing power there will be.Since the day when the abyssal trolls attacked the main city, at the crucial moment, Nie Li handed over the power of the mine-strike and Tai-I killings to Ye Zong. Ye Zong-xin’s grave on Nie’e had disappeared, even faintly. I love this guyAlthough Nie Li’s work is somewhat of a casual nature, he has a small and medium-sized, but at the same time a profound sense of righteousness. Whether he is refining the potion or decorating the demon spirit array, he has made immortal contributions to the city of glory.In the eyes of Ye Zong, guarding the city of glory is a great righteousnessThe rest is a sectionOf course, on the matter of her daughter, he is not so easy to make concessions."Where did Nie go from where did the boy go, couldn't find him for so long?" Ye Zong frowned.Nie Li and others have been missing for many daysYe Xiu is also very helpless. He sent people to find a lot of places, but he couldn't find any traces of Nie Li and others. It was faint and uneasy. It was the Dark Society....No news has been confirmed yet.Nie away from the dark guild's people or something like, they can not determineAt this time, they realized that Nie Li was more important to the city of glory. As early as I knew, Nie had sent some guards to Dodge.After a moment, an entourage rushed over“You are the master of the city, Ye Xiu, and Nie Li is back. You are in the main hall of the city.After hearing this follower, whether Ye Xiu or Ye Zong, there was a flash of joy in the eyes.This kid is finally back! The suspicions in their hearts have also been dispelled.Nie Li’s group is a little bit boredYe Zixuan hurried in from the side door, and when she saw Nie Li, the deep anxiety in her eyelids finally dispersed.During this period of time, Nie Li seemed to have disappeared, and her heart was filled with anxiety.Even if she does not admit it, Nie Li has become a very important person in her life.Sometimes she thinks of a question. If Nie suddenly disappeared from her life, what would happen?Whenever I think of this issue, her heart panics involuntarily.Although Nie was always annoying to this guy, it was annoying, butBut it also made her a pale and monotonous life more colorful, which made her feel concerned and protected.It wasn’t until she saw Nie Li’s appearance that her heart was put down."Purple!" Nie Li smiled and said hello, Ye Ziyan so hurriedly cameCan't wait to worry about yourself? Seeing Xiao Ning'er who was standing beside Nie, Ye Zixi did not know why. She suddenly felt a little depressed and turned back.Nie suddenly had no audio for several days. When he returned, he was with Xiao Ning.Nie Yi saw this scene, and stayed a little, hurriedly stopped in front of Ye Zixi, smiling gravely: “If you come and say hello, you have to go!” “I took the wrong place.“Ye Zi’s lips licked, she didn’t admit it because she was concerned about Nie Licai so anxious to catch it.”Nie Li looked at Ye Zixi with a smile and looked at her again.Ye Zixuan suddenly realized that he was unhappy for what reason? Is it because Nie left suddenly and resigned, or did Nie come back with Shaw? Why does she have such emotions, she can't help but be confused?"Wrong place? Are you sure that you are not coming to me?" Nie Li smiled, and suddenly reached out and grabbed Ye Zixun's hand, put Xue Xue Lingzhu into Ye Zixuan's hand, and then went to Duze et al. , "This beads is for youMy friends are here to introduce you"Ye Ziyan cheeks blush, hurried off Nie Li's hand, so many people watched, she was embarrassedSeeing this scene, Xiao Geling's eyes were a little outrageous. Nie Zi told her very early on that Ye Zixuan was the most important person in his life, even if he had to protect his life, but Xiao Liner Still like moths flinging fire, choose to stay in the side of NieHowever, when she saw that Nie Li and Ye Zixuan were closely related, she could not help but feel pain in her heart.Xiao Ninger and Ye Ziyan had their eyes on each other, and both sides had some sly eyes and shifted their gaze.Lu Piao secretly erected a thumbs-up on Nie Li. Nie Li was a model of my generation. Whether it was Dinger or Ye Zixuan, it was all goddess-level characters. Nie Li was actually so relaxed.At this moment, Xiao Xue, who was watching Lu Xiaopiao's little tricks, gave a glimpse of Lu Piao to the ground, and glanced at Lu Piao.Lu Yao suddenly shrinks his head, if Xiao Xue like Xiao Ninger or Ye Zixuan one of the gentle, he was contented, and my heart could not help but a long cry"All the classmates, we all already know!" Duze smiled at Ye Zixuan with a slight smile. "This is Xiao Xue, Lu Giao's fiancée!" Although they are classmates, but actually a few months ago, they were still with Ye Zixuan. Very strange, until because of Nie Li, they were a little familiar with each otherDuze, Lu Piao, Wei Nan, and others chatted.Chatting with the sight of the black prison world, Ye Zixuan raised a hint of curiosity. I did not expect that during this time, Nie Li and others went to such a place.She grew up smallIn addition to the remains of the city of Goran, I have never been to any places other than the City of Glory. I am full of expectations for the outside world.At this time, Ye Zong and Ye Xiu walked into the hall.See Ye Zong came in, Ye Ziyan face slightly changedI am separated from Nie and my father is not happy when she sees it.Ye Zong's eyes fell on Nie Li's body. Then he looked at the next to Ye Zixuan. His brow was slightly crumpled. He thought, and all the holidays with Nie had been written off. However, Ye Zixuan and Nie Lie stood so close to each other. Still there is something wrongNie was away from this kid and had to make a roundabout, not to mention pure nephew.Ye Zong with a face and coughed twice“The Lord of the City!” “See the Lord of the City!” Daze, Lu Piao and others panickedly greeted Ye Zong.They haven’t seen Ye Zong yet. For the first time they saw the majestic city d’Nie Li slowly returned to this, and said with a grin: "The father and father are good!" When he heard Nie Li, Ye Zong was almost discouraged. Nie Lie did not give him any room for maneuvering. Everything was given a chance to stay true. Nie Li was in front of so many people and his face was called Ye Zongfu. If this news were passed out, the family of Feng Xue was riding a tiger! If it is someone elseYe Zong will surely slap over his palms, but in the face of Nie Li, Ye Zong will feel a sense of powerlessness. Then he seems to have many things to ask for Nie Li.He coughed twice before moving his gaze to the sideWhen I heard Nie Li saying hello to Ye Zong, Ye Zixuan blushed, and she was so anxious that she pulled Lai Ni’s clothing corner. She thought Ye Zong would slyly teach Nie to leave, but he did not expect Ye Zong to cough twice. Turn aroundI didn't hear anything at all, and even Ye Ziyan was silly at this time.Not only was Ye Ziyan stupid in his eyes, but other people were also stupid. Nie Li actually called Ye Zongfu father, and Ye Zong actually did not refuse. This is definitely the best news.Is it true that the Lord of the City has really taken Nie away from his son-in-law? When Ye Zongyi came in, Duan Jian felt the powerful atmosphere of Ye Zong. The original super strong man was the father-in-law of the master. Duan Jian secretly remembered in his heart.Xiao Ning's nose was slightly sour, and tears did not support the fall. She did not expect that Nie Lie and Ye Zixuan had actually developed to such a degree. Even the city’s owners agreed.Looking at the back of Nie Li, there was a deep loss and sadness in her heart. She knew it was impossible. She still tried hard.Maybe she really has nothing to do with Nie, Xiao Tinger's heart, still has her stubbornness, she will still stay next to Nie Li, even if he is not married for life, just wait and wait until he is old.After seeing Ye Zong’s appearance, Nie Li smiled. Ye Zong was finally serving his clothes.That being the case, Ye Zong is his own person in the future! Nie Cui got together with Ye Zong and said with a smile: "When I came in, I discovered that the magic demon spirits had been built. I will give you the stamp of control!" Hear Nie Li, Ye Zong It was hot and burning on the face, this magic demon spirit array, but he sold his daughter in exchange for it, this is simply full of tears, ah, nothing to say“Father-in-law, we recently opened the ancient law array on the other side of the main city. The original ancient law circle was connected to a black prison world. We got a lot of good things from it.This is the crystal of red blood after the refinement. I honor your old man! “Nie Li grabs a crystal of red blood from a space ring and stuffs it in Ye Zong’s hands.No matter whether Ye Xiu or Ye Zong, they are all slightly surprised. This crystal of red blood is absolutely a good thing. With the crystal of red blood, it can greatly enhance repairs, and even help the black gold-class powers to impact the legendary level! "Ye Xiu adults, this is for you!" Nie Li took another crystal of red blood and gave it to Ye Xiu.A shot is so many crystals of red blood, it is a local tyrant! (To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience