Readx (); Hua Jujuan surprised to see Nie Li, Nie Li is ready to buy back to study it? The current Mingzhi division is also extremely rare, not to mention the Mingzhi master who understands legendary Mingwen, and it is rare."Since you like it, give it to you"Hua Ju juvenile smiled, proudly authenticNie Li looked at the other person. As expected, this young boy, who was growing up in the family, was much more advanced than Li Fu.If you really accept these etched lines, if the Chinese youth can ask for other requirements, it will be difficult for them to refuse.Nie shook his head and shook his head: “I don’t want to get any power. I want to, but I’m not able to take it."Nie left his right hand and took out a bottle of empiried medicine from the space ring. It was a higher-grade quenching soul than the soul of Dan, and was placed on the table.""I use this bottle of immortality, exchange with your lord, how"Nie Li looked calmly at his teenage boy."The juvenile juvenile picked up the bottle, sniffed it, and his face changed slightly. He had thought, regardless of what Nie Li had come up with, he refused, so that Nie Li owed humanity, and then asked Nie Liti, but Unexpectedly, Nie Li directly took out such a bottle of immortalityThis bottle of Elixir is even more precious than Li Fushou's two bottles of Elixir. The significance of the family is too great. He cannot refuseThe young boy dressed in his clothes said slightly: "In that case, it would be better to honor it than to live it.He collected the medicineNie Li also frankly accepted the seven Ming scrolls with legendary bans and smiled with a slight smile: “If I look at any of the treasures here, I’ll exchange for Danfoss and the family will not refuse. "" Of course not. The treasures here, you can choose"Huafu Juvenile nodded, if he refusedThat's foolAfter contacting Nie, he understood that Nie Li was not so easily controlled.An alchemist can be so calm in this place of the prison. Certainly it still has some means. It is absolutely wrong that the family of Yan Yan is playing well with Nie Li.Elixir stuffIs a consumable, naturally more than goodNie temporarily does not want to have too much contact with the family of Yan. After all, he still does not have enough capital to talk to such a family with legendary strong and establish initial contact with them.After the relics of these legendary bans were harvested, Nie Li continued to browse other treasures, and another thing caught the attention of Nie Li.“There are at least one item with no attributes among so many treasures."Nie Centaur thinks that chaos and non-attribute items are the most difficult to find, and he was finally found by him.It was three crystal clear flying knivesDo not know who forged the above, carved a complex Mingwen, this flying knife should be built with Tianyi God crystal, Tianyi Jingjing is a non-attributed items, great destruction, can easily break through the opponent's defenseThis thing can only be stimulated by the non-attributing soul force. Once it injects soul power, the knife will be invisible.It's hard to be perceived by the soul, even the legendary strongYou will be killed if you are not carefulAbsolutely a good thing to kill! Nie Li is almost certain. We must win these three flying knives."What are the prices for these three knives?"The juvenile boy appeared in a hesitant color and said: "The three flying knives were passed down from ancient times and they were extremely powerful.Although no one has been able to push it yet, we, the family of Shenyan, are not prepared to sell it at will."Nothing of attributes, no one can use the soul power to push it is also normal, the treasure is also to pick peopleJuvenile boy said he would not sellI'm afraid it's just price"Ten bottles of quenching soul Dan, how?" Nie from looking to China to serve Juvenile Road, anyway, he said that many drugs, not to mention ten bottles, is one hundred bottles, Nie from distressedHua Jujue shook his head with a smile and said: "I'm afraid we must let the brothers down.“Nie wrinkled his brow, is it true that the family of Yanyan is not really ready to sell? Ten bottles of quenching soul Dan, it should be a great temptation"To tell you the truth, these three knives were refined by the Celestial Divinity. As for ancient things, I would not be able to say it.However, there is a characteristic of Celestial Crystal which requires people with no attributes to be able to resonate with it. Moreover, the eagles on these three knives are extremely complex. To be familiar with these complex sculpted people, the homing knives must be driven.There is no one who has no attributes, and if one knows such a profound pattern, there is no one.So these three knives, you keep yourself, are completely useless, I am afraid that for centuries they may not be able to find a suitable owner for it."Nie laughed and shook his head."After hearing Nie Li’s words, the Chinese boy was slightly embarrassed. He did not expect that Nie was so knowledgeable that even at a glance, the material of the knife and the requirements of the user were revealed.“Tianyi Shenjing?” The Chinese boy frowned slightly. He also heard Tianyi Shenjing, which was exactly the same as that described by Nie Li.He just listened to a few people and said that these three knives were passed down from ancient times. As for whether or not, no one can say well.If it is really the same as Nie Li, then these three knives will remain in their hands.After seeing the juvenile juvenile hesitate, Nie Xiao smiled with a faint smile: “This black prison world is full of dangers. Even a family of Shenyan may encounter an unimaginable crisis at any time. An unusable weapon is in his hand and falls. Not as good as these truths"Flamboys said with a faint smile:" Even if I want to sell these three flying knives, ten bottles of quenching soul Dan is far from enough, completely incomparable to its value.“Nie Li had to admit that the ten bottles of quenching spirits were indeed completely inferior to the value of these three flying knives. It was just the use of a mono-god crystal for forging a flying knife, which was enough to be worth a hundred bottles of quenching. The value of the soul of DanHowever, this account is not so counted. The three knives, the Shenyan family did not know its real value, and the quenching of the soul, but it is what the family of the flames needed, and Nie smiled with a slight smile: “I don’t know Shen Yan family, how to change? "Huafu juvenile sinking a little moment:" 100 bottles of quench soul Dan, how?" "100 bottles of quench soul Dan ..." Nie from disguised as difficult, in fact, This amount of Nie can not be taken into account, directly replaced, but too happy, Shen Yan family also thought that quenching Dan is ordinary goods, "100 bottles of Qu Dan is too difficult, I have not so much quenching here The soul of Dan"There isn't that much? China's young boy thinks in his heart that there aren't so many quenching souls. It's also normal. After all, the raw materials for refining and quenching souls are very precious, and the whole world of black prison can't find much.“How much are you willing to excel?” the juvenile boy calmly said"Up to a maximum of fifty bottles"Nie laughs lightly"Five bottles are too few"Huafu Juvenile shook his head and he had already decided to do this business anyway. He naturally had to fight for a good price.""In my hands, there are only fifty bottles of quenched souls."Nie left the booth and said"Then use other drugs to get it. At least 80 bottles of Qu Dan's value must be at least. We are willing to sell these three flying knives."Huafu Juvenile is very determined to say that with so many treasures, Nie Li only picked this non-attributed flying knife and proved that Nie Li's sea of ​​souls is likely to be insignificant. In that case, don't blame it." He slaughtered a knifeIn the view of Juvenile Boys, Nie Li was slaughtered, but in Nie Li’s view, the deal was too cost-effective."I've got a kind of immortality here, red-flavored and quenched-body Dan, two red-flavored and quenched-body Dan, arrived in a quenching soul Dan, how?" Nie also saidChi Yan quenched Dan? With the bright eyes of Hua Jujuan, this red-flavored and hardened Dan is also a kind of cherished immortality medicine, which can greatly enhance the physical strength. It is helpful for the ascension of the warriors."This quenched body Dan is far more useless than quenching soul Dan, at least three quenched Dan, arrived in a quenching soul Dan"Huafu Juvenile saidNie crushed his brow, pretending to be a reluctant look. He looked at the three knives and said, "That's three quenched bodies. Dan arrived in a quenching soul, who made me fly. What about the knife?” Nie left his right hand and took out fifty bottles of quenching spirit Dan and ninety bottles of flavonoids from the space ring and gave it to teenagers."This is three flying knives, please close up"Huafu Juvenile passed three knife to Nie LiNie nodded slightly and collected three flying knives into the space ring.The young boy is secretly delighted. The deal made him big. These drugs can definitely enhance the family's strength. His position in the family will also be enhanced because of this transaction, plus he is already嫡 , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,Hua Jujuan thought that he had earned it, and met with a big-headed alchemist, but in fact, Nie Li was the most earned, just using a little bit of the drug, he switched to the three Tianyi crystal forged flying knives."My name is Li Heng. I don't know what the brothers call it. If you want to buy something later, you can come here and let Li Fu inform me."Chinese teenager smiled"Li Hengxiong can call me Nie Li"Nie laughs lightly"Nie Li?" Li Heng looked at Nie Li, did not know whether the name Nie from the real name or pseudonym"I will come again"Nie laughed and arched his hand."""Ok"Li Heng nodded his head. Nie Li was still wary of them. If Li Heng were forced to retain, he would cause doubts in Nie Centrifuge."Li Heng always sent Nie Li and Duan Jian to the door."Master, we use so many valuable drugs, but only for these things, will not lose ah?" Duan Jian said to Nie Li, after all, in the black prison world, the immortality is a very precious thing, many treasures You can buy it, but immortality is not, and it is something that boosts your strength."Loses?" Nie laughed and said, throwing a space ring to Duan Jian, said, "There is a thousand bottles of various kinds of immortality. You can use it casually. When you run out, call me again!" (To be continued ......)