~~ The contents of the 147 chapters in the front are sent in the wrong place. This has been modified. Snails cannot be modified in other places. I am very sorry● Ao Feng said that ..~~ Nie Li stood silently. In past lives, he had experienced the grief of his parents leaving. Therefore, he was emotionally involved with Duan Jian.Duan Jian was still very strong. After a moment, he wiped his tears and stood up. He kneeled on his knees in front of Nie Li and looked firmly at Nie's departure. “Duan Jian obeys the orders of the master at any time."His thoughts are very simple. Nie Li gave him hope for revenge. From now on, Nie Li is his god. No matter what Nie Lie lets him do, he will not step back half a step."Nie Li looked for it on the nearby ground, found a lost space ring, glanced at the space ring, and in addition to the fifty shining stones in the space ring, there were all kinds of weapons, armor, herbs, ore, etc. There is a wide range of eyes, and Nie still feels surprised that there are several years of food piled inside.With the shining stones, they can leave here anytimeThe space rings of the remaining four gold elites are also found. Although they are not as rich as the space rings of Sikong, many are also rich.“After ten days, we made a big fight in the family of silver wings and then brought them back.“Nie looked away from the far end of the wilderness and asked,” Duan Jian, do you know what happened to each family in the mountains? "" Back to the owner, there are a total of 13 families in this area.There are alliances among various families, and there are also deep enmities.The strongest of them are three families, namely the Silver Wing Family, the Shenyan Family and the Wolf Family. All three families have a legendary strongman and most of the remaining families are black gold masters. They can set foot in this deep mountain and there are some meansIn addition to these 13 familiesThere are still many villages in the deep mountains. These villages are the strongest, often only the gold level. Residents of villages often have to pay tribute or they will be taken away as slaves of 13 families.Duan JiandaoThe three legendary powers and a large number of black gold powerhouses did not expect this dimension space.There are so many mastersHowever, due to the lack of demon spirits, the legendary elite here are very difficult to find the demon spirit for their integration, so most of them are legendary martial arts, rather than the legendary demon psychic master, the strength is definitely less than the Ye Mo a lotThese families are kings here. There is no restriction.Nie Li looked to Duan Jian and asked, "What of the 13 families is the most upright?" "Back to the master, these 13 familiesShenyan family is the most upright, and the power of the Shenyan family is second only to the Silver Wing family. The Silver Wing family always wanted to annex other families. The Shenyan family gathered four other families to fight against it, making the Silver Wing family unwilling to act rashly.The other 13 cities have a trading town, originally unmanned and very chaotic. The giants of each family negotiated together.Sikongyi thief wants to get the jurisdiction of this town, but unexpectedlyThe other 11 families agreed to hand over the jurisdiction to the Shenyan family, because all 11 families believed that only the Shenyan family could achieve a bowl of water."Duan Jian continues"City?" Nie departed from the eyebrows and said, "There is still nine days from the appointed time."Let’s take a look. There may be some discoveries."" Nothing, there are many families there and there are certainly many people in the silver wing family, if we appear thereNo more than a few hours, the news will be transmitted to the thief's ears."Duan Jian hurriedly"This is not something to worry about“Nie away smiled and took something and smeared it on the face. Soon, the face completely changed into another person.”Duan Jian was shocked to see Nie Li’s face that was not the same, sluggish for a long time."You try tooNie Li threw his specially formulated cloud mud to Duan Jian.Duan Jian also tried to use it and soon became an ugly Han“Haha"Seeing the appearance of Duan Jian, Nie Li can't help but laugh a bit. Duan Jian used cloud mud for the first time. He was not very skilled, but he was barely enough.Duan Jian has a slightly restrained look. He quickly disposes the bodies of the Silver Wing family.Hey, two people took to the air and Nie Li, led by Duan Jian, went straight to the towns and cities where 13 items were traded.It is hard to imagine that there is a bustling bazaar in this mountain forest that is plagued by wraiths. This bazaar stretches for several miles and there are many buildings built with thick wooden rods, and guard towers, etc.Lots of plain-minded people set up stalls on the open ground, trading various items, clamoring, bargaining and buzzing.In addition to 13 families, there are residents from various villages. People in the towns are generally described as thin and malnourished.According to Duan Jiankou, the food here is very short, and 13 families are still better. They can barely maintain the family's food and clothing, but the residents in the villages outside are more depressed. This dimension space The vast majority of the Wicked Meat is full of a sour smell and cannot be eaten.A few of the two kinds of monster animals that can be eaten are also hunted in very small numbers. Most of the food comes from the cultivation and collection of wild fruits and fungi on the mountain.Food is the most valuable thing here! Regarding food, Nie did not have an interest. Although the city of glory was surrounded by Wicked Animals, the Wicked Animals hunted every day could not finish eating. What's more, there was a large area of ​​land that could be planted in the City of Glory.Before coming to this dimension space, Nie Li has already taken two years of rations in the space ring, plus the space rings of the five gold elites he has just obtained.In addition to food, other things, it is to make Nie fluctuateAn unadulterated crystal of red blood can be exchanged for only a piece of flesh. A stone of dragons and dragons can be exchanged as soon as a bag of grain is known. Do they know how precious these things are? The crystal of red blood will not, and if the dragon's stone is embedded in the weapon, it can increase the strength of a weapon several times! This kind of thing is extremely rare on the outside, but here it is everywhere. We have already seen several stalls and we are trading this kind of thing."In this mountainous region, there are many ore mines, producing a variety of ores, like these ores, are extremely common."Duan Jian saw that Nie was excited to hold a stone of dragons and he was next to a sentence.This ore is very common? Nie Li took a stone from a dragon and asked, "Do you know what this ore is for?" "Improve this ore to make an arrow, which will greatly kill Wicked beasts. The arrows are made from this ore"Duan Jiandao," but this arrow has only melted into the monster's body, so it consumes a lot of energy."Is it an arrow? Is it a one-time item? Nie Li doesn't even know how to describe it. It's just a stormy thing!" Duan Jian, give me a thousand pieces of red blood crystals, and a thousand pieces of dragon's stone. There are these kinds of ore“Nie left without hesitation took out a space ring filled with grain and handed it to Duan Jian.With his novel attitude, Nie Li continued to look at these booths. Eventually his eyes fell on one of the stalls.This is a strange object. It is a spherical object. It is similar to a coffin. It is a complex metal structure. It can be seen that it should be from the hands of a certain master, but what does this thing do? Even Nie Li cannot see it.What sold this thing was an old man dressed in a shabby clothes. He described the emaciated, thin and bleak eyes without a glimpse of it. There were only a few things on the stall.Nie Li took the ball and lifted it. The inside of the metal structure was a crystal clear crystal. There was a snow and ice in the crystal that constantly changed its shape.When Nie Di saw this scene, he was suddenly shocked. This should be the frozen ice cream"This young master, this is a treasure of my family's ancestors. It has been passed down for more than 500 years. If it is not the family's decline, I will not take it out and sell it.The old man used a hoarse voice“How did this thing sell?” Nie asked, leaving her mouth"Five bags of food, I sold it to you.The old man thought about it"What? Five bags of food?" The voice of Nie Li suddenly raised several octaves. What is this joke? Five bags of food, you can buy a Snow Ling Ling? This is one of the nine major Lingzhu Lingshuiling Lingzhu ah, with snow spirit Lingzhu, a wind and snow Department of the demon psychic division is equal to owning several times its own soul power, and all the wind and snow-based combat skills increase Count into! This is simply a godly item! “Is the five bags of food too expensive? How about the three bags of food?” The old man looked at Nie Li slyly, obviously being scared by the expression of Nie Li."Keke“Nie Ligan coughed. After thinking about it, it also relieved. After the dark years, the use of many treasures was completely lost. Although this thing was their ancestor, it is estimated that this old man is not even Knowing what the Snow Spirit Pearl is for, and knowing its worthWhat is the use of the food that guards the ancestors? The old man looked at Nie Li powerlessly and said: "That's two bags of grain, and it can't be less.“Nie away from looking at the old man, something too expensive, for the old man, I am afraid it is of little use. What they need most is food."Twenty bags of food, plus five pounds of meat, are given to you!" Nie left his right hand and took out these things. Too many people estimated that the old people would not move back.After seeing these things, the old man fell into a moment of sluggishness, and then two eyes flashed with tears, and he made several noises toward Nie.(To be continued)