Ye Zonggan coughed, these crystals of red blood in his hands, that is hot potato.To know that her daughter is still watching it! If he accepts these things, does he recognize Nie from this son-in-law? "Father-in-law, you are welcome at homeNie patted Ye Zong’s back from the old ageYe Zi’s glance at Nie Li and his cheeks were red, Nie Li was too disrespectful to her father.But what made her think about it was that when Ye Zonggang saw Nie Li, he simply wanted to kill Nie Li.But when did Nie Li have been so familiar with Ye Zong? Actually called the father-in-lawWhat did Nie from doing? Think of Nie Li's name, Ye Zixuan was a little gloomy. When did she agree with Nie? Ye Xiu was unceremoniously accepting the crystal of red blood. He was very satisfied. Ye Xiu’s position and appeal in the Feng Xue family was second only to Ye Mo and Ye Zong. He had accepted it in his heart. Nie Li and Nie Li are equal to one-third of their success.Actually can this be? This silver bullet attack is fierce! Duze, Lu Piao, and others stared at Nie Li stunned. When did Nie Zi have become so familiar with the city? This is simply beyond their imagination.Is Ye Zong really agreeing to marry Ye Ziyan to Nie? This is not common sense! Chasing the girlfriend has to start from Laozhang people, this trick is too great, Lu floating eyes slightly shinySee Ye Zong still hesitating, Nie said, bowing to the ear of Ye Zong, said: "My father-in-law, this time we have opened the ancient law circle and found a big secret!" "What secret?" There was a bit of curiosity at the time. This ancient law circle was left behind in the ancient times. No one in the enchantment inside has opened it. I did not expect to have been opened by Nie. What is hidden inside? "This thing"Nie looked at Ye Zong's hands of red blood“Is my father-in-law still an outsider and I don’t want to receive the crystal of red blood from me?” This is simply a threatening inducement, Ye Zongsi’s thoughtFor the City of Light, he still had to eat this setA bite, the crystal of red blood was taken up, and asked: "What is hidden in the ancient law array?" "The ancient law circle is connected with the world of black prison. Although there are many monsters, there are also 13 families in the inside. , has been passed down for thousands of years, and has three legendary strong“Nie’s departed and told Ye Zong about what he saw and heard on this road.After Ye Zong took thingsNie Li is a lot of bellies, not much retained"Here world? Three legendary strong?" Ye Zong stunned a bit, although I heard that the three legendary powerhouses were just military, not as strong as the legendary spirits, but they were also very shocking. NewsHowever, the 13 families in it are not like iron plates.Knowing this news, the City of Glory is equivalent to having a place to attack and retreat, and it is really important for the City of Glory."Yes, father-in-lawDo you know that there is a person who claims to be a demon lord? "Nie Li suddenly thought of the discovery in that ancient monument.Demon Lord? Whether it is Ye Zong or Ye Xiu, the heart is a glimpse."Where did you find the demon master?" Ye Zong asked"I just heard people talk about itNie Shi shrugged"The devil you heard ofThe demon master we know is not a person. We are not very clear.It was already a matter of hundreds of years ago. The City of Glory had an unusual number. There was a young boy who was hungry and cold, he was taken by an old man, and he grew up until he was 17 years old.At that time, the city of glory had a family called the Red Jade family. It was a huge family that was second only to Feng Xue and his family.There are dozens of black gold spirits, and the strongest ones will soon be breaking into the realm of legends."Ye Zong said a little bit sadly:" Speaking at this timeIt's really sighingAt that time, the city of glory was still confusing, and the family of the red jade family used to be used to it.The old man was at a loss to the family of red jade. Because some things were not done properly and the result was whipped to death by the family of the red jade family. The teenager was suddenly disappeared. No one could find it. Everyone thought that it would be dispelled by the family of red jade. TheJust did not expect that after more than a decade, the boy appeared again and wore a demon mask, claiming to be the demon master, and he immediately entered the Ruby family and began a mad slaughter! "With one person, fighting a family? This person is really powerful.Duze, Lu Geng, and others listen to their ears"What happened to this thing?" Nie asked"There is no one left in the family of red jade, and there are dozens of black gold powerhouses. One is even second only to the legendary level."Ye Zong sighed." The demon Lord may have reached at least the legendary realm.However, after slaughtering a family of red jade, he also suffered serious injuries.His terrible actions caused the panic and anger of all the other families. He began to send many superpowers to chase and kill. It was a dark war, and eventually the daemon fled into the mountains of the ancestors."" Then what? Nie Li asked, when he was forced to leave the City of Glory in his previous life, he was only 16 years old. These are naturally ignorant.Ye Zonghe and Ye Xiu looked at each other"The demon lord created the dark guild"Ye Zong said," Some people say that he did not die long after the establishment of the Dark Guild. Some people also said that he had been alive. In the following centuries, the power of the Dark Society increased day by day. The leaders of the Dark Guild, Both are called Lords"The leader of the Dark Guild has always been called the demon Lord. Nie Li from the past has never known these hidden things. He recalled the picture he saw on the ancient tablet. The young man is the leader of the Dark Guild. In the way it looks like, although the young man should be a master, he can't see the temperament of any leader.Is that ancient monument is the image of the demon master when he was young? When he disappeared, he entered the world of black prison? Hearing this past, everyone couldn’t help but be guilty. The dark guild was actually created by the family in the glorious city. If there was no dark guild, then the entire glorious city was at least a plate of iron when it faced the monster.The Dark Society today is already strong enough to threaten the safety of the City of Glory.When I practice to the legendary level, maybe I will be a monster for a while! Nie thought secretlyWhat seems to remind you ofYe Zong’s eyes fell on Duan Jian’s body and hesitantly asked, “Is this?” He felt that Duan’s breath was very strong.Even he is a bit impenetrable"His name is Duan Jian.Nie Li introduced"I'm Nie off from the owner's servant!" Duan Jian, respectfully, is facing Ye Zongdao.Nie's servant? Ye Zonghe and Ye Xiu both had a glimpse of the heart. They first saw Duan Jian.Feeling the strong breath of the other's body, thought it was a mysterious master of a certain identity, did not expect to be a servant of Nie Li.Nie Li actually received such a powerful servant. They have a feeling that Duan Jian’s strength is at least black gold level.For a long time they pressed down the shock in their hearts. It was not strange that anything happened to Nie Li."Nie Li, since it is your personThen you can arrange itYe Zong looked away from Nie Lidao"Ok"Nie left and nodded, looking at Duan Jiandao." Duan Jian, you are free to go in this main city, just like your own home."" Yes, the host"Duan Jian respectfullyWhat is the same as your own home? Ye Zong can not help but feel a bit helpless"Nie left, other people go back to practice.“Ye Zong thought for a moment and said to Duze et al."Yes, Lord of the City!" Duze and others respectfully obeyed and withdrew after bidding farewell from Nie.Xiao Ninger and Ye Zixi looked at Nie LiAfter looking at Ye Zong, he also walked out of the main hall of the city.After the people left, only Nie Li, Ye Zong, and Ye Xiu were left."The father-in-law adultsDo you have something to tell me? "Nie looked at Ye Zong and smiled.Ye Zong’s face was black and said: “Nie Li, don’t think I don’t know what bad idea you’ve played. I'm not allowed to call my father-in-law in front of so many people. Otherwise, I can’t spare you!” “Hey, father-in-law, you too Too shameless, and the control of the demonic demon spirits is also given to you.You have taken such precious things as the crystal of red blood, and also told you about the ancient ways of connecting the world of black prison.As a result, if you eat cleanly and wipe your mouth, you don’t want to declare it. You, the city owner, are too unconscionable, right? "Nie Li looked at Ye ZongYe Zong is speechless.Nie from this kid is simply too shameless! With such things, he wanted to change his daughter! That's my family's prostitute! Instead, Ye Xiu coughed a few times and smiled and said, "You shouldn't argue about this, Nie Lia. Ye Zong is, after all, a landlord, you still have to give him some face.You and the Zi Zi things, you rest assured, as long as purple Zi nodded her, and I do not obstruct the adults and the Lord of the City, but this father-in-law, always have to leave after the dowry and then call it! ""I go, such as the precious stone of red blood is not a gift, but I also do not care about you, what you want, as long as you can tell, I immediately offer! “Ye Nie saw that Ye Zong had no objections and he was in a good mood. Ye Zong and Ye Zixuan had to wait slowly.Although Ye Zixuan is still unable to say what kind of attitude he has for the time being, at least he is still very concerned about it. With Nie Li’s understanding of Ye Zixuan, he will certainly win her heart.As long as there are no competitors, there are too many problemsAs for the competitors, one is Shen Yue and it is completely dead.The other is Ye Han. Ye Ziyan and Ye Han have had stagnation since childhood.Emotional things need to be cultivated slowly. Anyway, the competition is gone. Nie Li is not in a hurry. It has solved the immediate needs of the moment. On the one hand, it is the Holy Family and the Dark Society. On the other hand, it is an animal tidal waveRegarding Nie Li, Ye Zong was very helpless. In his entire life, almost everyone had to listen to him, but Nie departed from this kid. He could not hold back anymore.Ye Zong did not want to get entangled in these issues. If Nie Li had a large enough contribution to the city of glory, he could agree with the elders of the wind and snow family, and he was sincere to the nephew. All this could only go along with it. Naturally“Nie Li, we have found evidence that the sacred family colluded with the Dark Guild, and even identified the dark guild’s branch in the city of glory. The next step is how to deal with the sacred family. What good idea do you have? "Ye Zong said that he could not help but sigh. There will be a war in the city of glory. This kind of scene he really can't bear to see, but if the sacred ancestral tumor is not eliminated, the future will certainly be a great danger."Unconsciously, Ye Zong actually began to consult with Nie Li.After all, Nie had become a prominent figure in the glorious city after all this time."The division of the sacred family and the dark guild will trigger the other one, but if we deal with both at the same time, we can't find so many masters in the wind and snow family, but please ask other family members to help. We don’t know if there’s a leak in the wind. We don’t know if there’s any splinter in the dark guild or the sacred family in other families."Ye Xiu said silentlyThis is a difficult problem before them(To be continued)