The dangerous feeling has been lingering in my heart for a long timeNie Li and Duan Jian pretend to be walking all the way to the end until the old man disappears.“Master, did you find anything?” Duan Jian asked, Nie had not spoken on this road, and Duan Jian felt something unusual."The old man just was a master“Nie Li said, he looks out into the dark night sky. In this dark prison world, except for the masters of 13 families, I am afraid that many strong people are hidden.”Duan Jian nodded and he felt it, but it was unclear to what extent the old man was strong."I didn't think that ancient law circles actually connected this black prison world. If it was such a dangerous place, I knew I would not come."Nie left himself secretly thinking that originally he thought that the ancient law circle could be a huge treasure house. Otherwise, how can the dark guild want to occupy it so strongly? Didn't expect it to be such a dangerous black prison world?"Before going back to this level, Nie Li did not want to come to this ghost place before the strength reached the level of black gold.“First go and save Ding and Duze and save them!” From time to time, there are some huge flying whelps flying through the sky. From time to time, the mountains are lit by fire. It is people fighting the Flying Wicked Animals.Silverwing family is as usual, patrolling guards everywhereThis large family of tens of thousands of people has survived here for thousands of years and is the world’s overlord of the black prison world.Two figures appeared in the darkness of the woods"To start"Nie left a smile, everything he laid down will quickly surprise the family of Silver Wings."Among the tree-top palaces, Si Kongyi quietly enjoys the beauty of wine and beauty. Since he knew that he didn’t have many years to live, Sikongyi did not work as hard as ever before, but survived and passed.“I don’t know if Rez’s kid will be able to come back"Saikong Yi did not feel a moment of irritation.At this moment, the young girl who was helping Satomi's legs was a little tired.Accidentally knocked over a cup next to itHey, the cup fell to the ground, it was split, and the wine was spilled.Suddenly she was frightenedShe hurried down: "I don't mean to be a patriarch, please, I'm going to spare you!" "I'm glad to dare to sweep Lao Tzu's happiness!" Sikong face was gloomy and slapd off the small fan.Xiao Zhuang was on the column, the body fell down, and there was a trace of blood flowing from the corner of his mouth.“I don’t mean to be an patriarch, but to see how you’ve been serving you for so many years, please hurry up.”The girl kept hogging and groaned, and a bloody bleed was found on her forehead.Sikong Yi Lengheng snorted: "Come on, come out and smash!" In the voice of Si Kongyi, it looks like it is from Heluo Hell.Without the slightest affectionThe young girl was still begging for mercy, and several wolf-like guards came over and set up the young girl to go outside.“The patriarch, please spare me, I’m not going to dare anymore"The voice of the cry of the girl is getting far awaySalone Hongyue came in. After hearing this voice, she just wrinkled her brow and looked at Sikong Yi. "Father, have you not been in a good mood recently?" "The Red Moon, you said Rezuna Kid.Are you kidding us?"Saiyag Yi said annoyingly"Shouldn't it? His friends are still in our hands!" Sagong Hongyue was slightly wrinkled and said, "The father does not have to botherLei Zhuo will send the antidote“Sagong Hongyue’s voice just fell and only heard a loud noise. The entire treetop palace shook up and shaken."How is it?" Sky Kong suddenly got up, this terrifying blow, like a flat ground blast, shocked people's eardrumwhat's going on? Sakong Red Moon is also a big changeSilver wing family's territoryEverywhere is exploding, this voice is accompanied by a soundRumble, rumbling! The treetop palace kept shaking and it was about to collapse"Not good, we'll go!” Sikongyi’s face changed dramatically, escaping from the palace together with Sagong’s Red Moon.This terrible explosion resounded through the entire sky. Along with the dazzling light of fire, the entire sky was illuminated, and even the other 13 families far away were visible.Many of the 13 families were awakened in their dreams. They looked at the summit of the Silver Wing family and they talked one after another.“What happened to the Silver Wing Family?” “Maybe it is a happy event. Let's set it on fire!” “This fireworks is amazing! You can hear it so far"" Fireworks look good! "Several children clap their hands and shout excitedlyAmong the family of silver wings, at this time it was a person who turned a horse, and there were guards who rushed around without heads and flies. They did not understand what had happened.Some of the guards had a fire on their hips, and they yelled and rushed toward the pool.The pool was full of guards and the dense waters on the surface of the water. All of them took off their clothes and they were still in a dark color.At this time, I heard only a loud noise from the bottom of the lake, and a hot air wave burst out from the bottom of the pool.The waves lifted the guards out of the skyThe guards, one by one, staring at the dark buttocks, screaming wildly in the grass."Who did he put bursting runes at the bottom of the pool?" "My ass is going to be scorched..." The guards cried and shouted.At this time, Nie from hiding in the grass heard these words and laughed at them. Even Duan Jian, who was always cold, was smiling at this time.Burst symbol? Has anyone seen a bursting rune capable of exploding on the bottom of the water? Burst Rune is created with a unique Fu Shi Ming carved burst marks, can cause a small explosion, the power is also much smallerNie Li’s inflammatory markings are different. They are casually engraved on something and, once triggered, can cause an explosion.The whole family of silver wings has been covered with yan bursts. Ninety-five of them are hidden. It is very hard to find that once the first yan burst was detonated, there would be a second one. , third, fourth, fifth... until many, manyThe entire explosion of explosions occurred everywhere in the Silver Wings family.Nie Li came out of the grass and said to Duan Jian: “Let’s go!” and then he looked indifferently to the place where they agreed with Gelling.Duan Jian slightly bowed, Nie left ready to go in? However, he quickly caught up with Nie LiWhere did Nie Li and Duan Jian go?There will be bursts of fire not far from next to it. From time to time, guards wearing silver and silver armor will fly up, and then they will slam and fall on the side of the road.No way to moveThen Nie Li and Duan Jian swam from the side of the guards.Without Nie Li and Duan Jian, these guards were blown up by Nie Lim's Yanming Ming pattern and they were lying on the ground. None of them could get up.Xiao Ning'er, Du Ze, Lu Geng and others also heard the bursts of explosions outside. Today is the time agreed with Nie Li."Dinger, Lu PiaoWe pack up and leave.Duze said with a slight smile"These days have been confined to this place. They have almost destroyed me. If Nie Li doesn't come again, I can't help but kill it."Lu Piao exclaimed excitedlyXiao Ning'er looked outside and took out a map and said: “Nie let us follow this route!” Six people walked toward the outside and followed the route left by Nie from them and flew all the way forward. BenNot far from themFrom time to time, a series of explosions took place. One guard continued to fly.One guard fell in front of Duze, Lu Geng, and others. They were shocked and they were preparing to merge the demon spirits to prepare for the battle. They looked up and saw that the guards were all in focus and squatted on the ground. Can stand upEveryone looks at each otherAt this time, hey, one of the guards was just like a dumpling.Falling in front of them, but none is standing"Nie is away from this guy, so funny, haha.These people are all black like indigenous tribesLiao laughed, swept away, squatted and stepped on the butts of these guards.Six people went all the way and did not encounter any opponents at allThe whole family of silver wings has long been blown up in a messLooking at the place a few hundred meters ahead, the open spaceNie Li and Duan Jian have been waiting there"People come"Nie laughs lightly. All this is what he expected."Eight people soon disappeared into the dark twilightThe silver wing family at this time was in a messSikong easily leaped out of the Silver Wings family territory with Sikong Hongyue, and did not rush out for a long time. The explosion suddenly exploded below and the fire raged."Breaking Rune?" Sky easily wrinkled his brow, fleeing to escape the raging flames, "No, the power of the bursting rune is not so strong!" The voice of Sai Kong Yi just fell, some of the trunk around, suddenly happened The burst of flames, the flames engulfed from all directions, and Sikong easily drank, a circular enchantment slowly opened, blocking the flames outside of Sikongyi and Sakonghongyue.“Father, how is this going?” Looking around at the Moonlight, Shekong was full of shock and shock. The silver wing family’s territory was exploding everywhere. The flames rose into the sky and the guards were everywhere. The screams of people slamming on horses, the treetop palace was also engulfed in flames and kept shaking. It was about to collapse."Surely Rezina kid!" Sky Kong raged, he only came to understand, he was negligent by NieSikongyi has always been suspicious of Nie, but what he did not expect was that Nie Li used such a method to make the huge family of silver wings so devastated.Siu-Yi Kong looked gloomy and his whole body shrouded in horrible murderousness: "It seems that I have underestimated you!" "Is Rebecca?" Sakong red eyebrows picked up, "Yes, that place, Lei Zhuo's friends are still there!" "It's useless. Those people must have left. With Rezina's calculation, they must have run away!" This kid has calculated! (To be continued)