When Sword Red Moon's epee was cut into Duan Jian’s body, Duan Jian’s eyelids burst into a hint of Hanman’s eyes.Hey, how many years of humiliation he has endured in silence, and he waited so long for him to revenge.Although his cultivation is stronger than Sakon Moon, but he wants to solve the Sabah Red Moon, I am afraid that at least it will take a long time.This is the domain of the Silver Wing family! Once the silver wing family's reinforcements arrive, they are in trouble! Must be quick! Therefore, Duan Jian deliberately sold a flaw to Sagong Hongyue. When Sagong Hongyue Epee chopped on himself, Duan Jian suddenly grabbed the sword in the hands of Sagong Hongyue in the left hand, and a sword headed toward the Red Moon's neck. go withThe pupil of Red Moon suddenly collapsed, and she completely did not expect that Duan Jian had been cut by her sword. Actually, nothing was done and she directly launched such a fierce counterattack.On the occasion of the nick of time, she hurriedly abandoned her sword and hid behind her. Kankan avoided the attack of Duan Jian and saw Duan Jian’s footwork suddenly kicked in the lower abdomen of Sagong’s Red Moon. Flying out and slamming heavily on a big tree in the distanceA trace of blood was leaking from the corner of her mouth, which caused her to be severely wounded. If it wasn’t for her that she wore an armor, I’m afraid this foot would be enough to abolish her.Nie Yi watched the battle. Duan Jian’s combat skills, although he was not skilled enough, he knew his advantage. He took advantage of the powerful physical toughness, and gave him a lightning strike. He quickly solved the battle."Sagong Hongyue, let's die!" Duan Jian sobbed coldly, and he swung his sword towards the sky.In the face of his enemies, he had almost no pause, and he wanted to directly smash the Sky Moon.In the moment when Duan Jian swept awayNie suddenly felt three breaths toward the Duan Jian rushed up, suddenly flashed a cold spell in the eyes, is the three black gold-class strong! “Yeah!”, Nie left his red-flame knife and suddenly shot and shot at one of them, taking Nie away from the current ability.Only one of the flying knives can be controlled. At present, only the red-flaming knife can be controlled more handily.Two violent forces bombarded Duan Jian’s body, causing Duan Jian to fly backwards and stumbling back a few dozen steps before he stopped.However, because he is physically stronger, even if he is a black gold player, he has not been able to directly kill Duan Jian.Almost at the same time, there was a sudden screaming and I saw a figure fly backwards.Pinned to the trunk of a large treeAwesome is another black gold powerhouseWhen the black gold class strongman rushed toward Duanjian, he was hit by Nie away from the trunk and silently hit the chest and hit the trunk directly.The strength of Nie Li is not yet the opponent of the black gold-class strong, but using the red-flaming knife under the guard, even if the black gold-class strong is hit by a blow, it will be a killer.Nie had moved from his soul and saw that Dao’s flying knife flew back toward his hand.Looking back at this sceneIn the eyes of the two black and gold masters, deep fear has appeared and the Nie Li standing on the tree trunk with a knife in his hand.He immediately sang and said, "Go!" The two black gold masters set up Sakong Red Moon and plunged toward the jungle in the distance.Duan Jian lived on his chest and was about to chase. Nie Li calmly said, "Come back, you don't have to chase. We can't catch up.Have to go quickly, or the old thief comes easily, we can not walk! After the talk, Nie left and swept awayActually being run by the woman of Sagong Hongyue, Duan Jian spits out a long breath of resentment.Turning to keep up with Nie, fly awaySilver wing family things, Nie Li is not ready to intervene too much, or let Duan Jian solve itDuan Jian has a deep-seated sea of ​​blood. If this hatred is not reported by his own hands, he may leave obsessions later, which is very unfavorable for cultivation.After experiencing past lives and present lives, Nie Li understands that some things still have to be done by themselves and cannot be faked by people.On this day, the Silver Wing family was tossed so badly that it was estimated that they would not be able to recover their strength in a short time, and Nie Li had used a flying knife to kill a black wing family with a flying knife. I am afraid that they did not dare to send a small hunt to pursue it.Nie Li and Duan Jian found Xiao Xinger, Du Ze, and others. A pedestrian disguised himself with cloud mud, quickly left and disappeared into the depths of the jungle.Si Kongyi pursued several times in the wilderness. He did not find Nie Li and others. He had no choice but to return. When he learned that when he searched for Nie Li and others, Nie Li and others were still in the territory of the Silver Wing family. In a mess, they also killed one of their black gold powerhouses.Looking at the body of the black gold powerhouse, Sikong punched angrily and smashed the giant tree next to it."Lei Zhuo, this hatred is not altogether, one day sooner or later, I will find you to pieces of broken bodies!""Father, except for Lei Zhuo, there is still a swordDuan Jian now has a physical body that is not inferior to the black gold class. Even I am not an opponent at all."Sagong red moon on the chest, the heart is extravagant authentic, if not the family elders came to save, I'm afraid she has died in the hands of Duan Jian"Duan Jian!" Si Kongyi was extremely angry. As soon as he knew, he should have killed Duan Jian. Now Duan Jian has become a thorn in his eyes, making him unable to sleep.Nie Li and others have been staying in the mountains for more than 10 days. They observed the status of various families in the world of the Black Prison. When Nie Li learned that several families also had difficulties in the Silver Wing family, the Silver Wing family was struggling to deal with it and did not send anyone to pursue it. They only let goIt's time to leaveIt's almost time to go back from the City of Glory.However, Nie Li collected a lot of intelligence in this prison world. Nie suddenly thoughtThe previous dark guild incited the savage beast to destroy the city of glory, but it seemed to be a thankless matter. The Dark Society was always hidden in the mountains of the sacred mountains and was isolated and helpless. The living conditions were definitely much more dangerous than the glorious city.Until later, when Ye Momo opened an ancient law circle, the Dark Society couldn’t wait to launch a general attack, and combined the sacred family plot to kill Ye Mo.Prior to Nie’s departure, he never wanted to understand that once the City of Light was destroyed, the Dark Society would go from here. Didn’t they worry about being exterminated by Wicked Animals? Now I suddenly want to understandAfter the glorious city of past life is destroyed, the dark guild people are likely to enter the world of black prison.After all, the world of black prison can be attacked and retired, and it can also use its indigenous people to expand its strength.Only when the monsters and monsters hit past lives, why did Yeh Moyen not let everyone fall into the world of black prison? This is a mysteryMaybe in Yehmo’s eyes, the Fear’s frenzy wasn’t that terrible.He died before being conceived as a sacred family.In the wasteland, Nie Li and his party arrived near the ancient monument and marched in the direction of the transmission matrix.Suddenly, the figure in front caught the attention of Nie Li, and a dangerous atmosphere struck“There is no beginning, no beginning.An old man murmured, he was dilapidated and walked wildly in the wilderness."What is that old man singing and singing? How can he not understand it completely?" Lu asked in confusion."I do not know either"Nie shook her head and took a cold sweat in her hand."He intuitively realized the danger. The old man actually appeared again. The other person was obviously one of the inheritors of Nether Ming. If he was known by the other person, he was in danger.Only Nie did not understand is that if the other party is the inheritor of the empty Ming Emperor, why should they reveal their identity? Is it not afraid of being killed by other inheritors? This old man wants to directly kill all these people? The old man passed by Nie Li and others and smiled insanely.In that voice, it was like crying: "There is no beginning, no beginning.ridiculousridiculous! The old man’s gloomy eyes swept away on Nie’s body and caused Nie to be shocked by a cold sweat. Could it be that the old man found something? When Nie was secretly alert and ready to fight back, the old man woke up suddenly. Yeah madnessI burst into tears, and then I lost my soulWhen he saw the old man go away, Nie was relieved that this was the old man's mind.He felt that the other party's spirit seemed a bit unnaturalHowever, if the other party appears in front of them twice, and repeatedly said two sentences, what is the intention? As long as he doesn’t tell others, he also understands that “There is no beginning and no beginning.The slightest esotericity, at least temporarily, should be safeHowever, even if this is the case, we must improve our strength as soon as possible. Otherwise, if we meet other four inheritors, it is very likely that we will be dead.On this road, Nie Lijun and Du Wa and Lu Piao caught a lot of red ghosts and made a lot of blood-thinking potions hidden in the space ring. These blood-explosive potions can be used for some time.Nie Li placed a shining stone on the side of these pillars. A pillar was lit, and the power of space was constantly twisted."I can finally go back. I feel uncomfortable here!" Lu Piao said with a bit of excitement and took the lead in the transmission process.The rest of the crowd stepped into the transmission matrixOnly Nie Li, Xiao Tinger and Duan Jian were left.Duan Jianneng looked at the dark night sky and the vastness of the distant mountains. His complex look is extremely complicated. The world of black prison has had his happiest childhood and his most painful memory. He still cannot kill at the moment. EnemyAt this moment, the world of black prison will soon be taken out, and it must be said that Duan’s mood is extremely complicated. He stares deeply into his eyes. Everything here is like a knife, in his heart.The sentimental Xiao Lian-er also felt the grief in Duan Jian’s heart and he sighed with regret."Duan Jian, if you want to stay, we will not stop you. After all, this is your hometown."Nie left watching Duan Jian saidDuan Jian shook his head firmly: "From the moment my parents died, Duan Jian's hometown was gone. From then on, there was only a blood feud.The master gave me a new life and gave me hope for revenge. I'm willing to follow the owner! After that, Duan Jian stepped into the transmission matrix.Nie ran away with a sigh of grief. Nie Li from the past lives, is it not that he is saddled with the sea of ​​blood? He understood Duan Jian's mood and said to Xiao Geling: "Dinger, let's go."(To be continued) u