A big bunch of fireworks! Nie Li looked up at the sky and felt a sigh of emotion in his heartHe first explodes with light, exploding a sealed crevice, and then using dozens of yankees to directly send the entire loft to the sky.At this time, the guards around the sentry tower were all sluggish. When they looked back, they saw only a half of the tower left standing alone in the darkness. They looked up again and the attic took off like a cannon. At the end of the day, flaming flames blew at the end, and then they blew apart in the sky, and numerous fragments fell like rain.How is this going? They still did not respond at all. The attic at the top of the tower was flying. At this time, the guards of many Silver Wing families have shown a panic. They have no idea at all.Leading Sikyo, who is also stunnedThe group of miners, who saw this scene, also saw a slight embarrassment and then broke out with a burst of fanatical cheers.The three Mingzhi divisions were killed. Then all the seals on them were removed! Many of these people who were caught as slaves have silver or even gold-grade warriors, and they have collected crystal ore of red blood. Many people are also using Scarlet's crystal ore to practice secretly and want to break through. sealThe seals of the three Mingzhi divisions suppressed their cultivation so that they could only be killed. However, after the seal was lifted, their repairs suddenly recovered."Our seals are lifted!" The miners made furious moans, like a beast that was only released from a cage.They were suppressed for too long. They had no freedom and no dignity. Every day they kept mining and had a short rest. The whip of Sikong's life would wave and fall and they slammed on them.They patience, until this moment, they broke out completely“Bad!” Si Kong Shou and others faced great changes. Without the suppression of the seals of the three Mingzhi divisions, these lambs whom he had slaughtered instantly turned into beasts of tigers.There are tens of thousands of miners here. Many of them are silver and gold warriors! The miners, like the surging tide, killed the guards of the Silver Wing family.These miners did not have sharp weapons. They waved mines and looked at the eyes of these guards. They were filled with anger and hatred.The guards had fallen on a group of miners, but soon, more miners rushed in. They ran out of fear and madly attacked the silver wing guards.A miner was slashed on the shoulder by a great sword. He slammed the sword's attack hard like a beast and slammed on the guard's neck."Ah!" The guard issued a shrill screamAlthough the guards of these silver-winged families often fought with evil beasts, on the whole, they were all extremely afraid of death. They were sent to watch the mines and were not elite in themselves. They saw these wolfish miners. We were all frightened and many of us all turned to escape.Siouxhou has killed dozens of miners in succession, but the miners, who are surging in tides, have enveloped him. On weekdays, he is the most brutal and kills most people. Many people are full of hatred towards him, and they are surrounded by them. He can't help but mess aroundHe hurriedly wanted to find a rescue, but he saw that the guards had already run away and they had run away and they hadn’t given them two more legs.He didn’t even think of it. The current world’s newspaper came so fast that he would fall into this field today and be besieged by this group of slaves.At this time, he also fell into deep fear, but he could only fight with a sword because he knew that once he stopped, the miners would rush to tear him to pieces.Many of the miners’ strongmen gathered toward Sikong’s side and vowed to kill him."Ah!" Si Kong Shou finally ended up with four hands fighting against each other. He was enraged by the angry miners and fell into the flood of anger.Nie Li, who was the initiator, quickly disappeared into the darkness. No one noticed the existence of Nie Li.Nie Li has been searching in this mine for a long time, but he has not found the trace of the little boy. All the miners have begun rebellion and there is melee. There is chaos in the scene. I am afraid it is impossible to find. Nie Bian can only bless the little one. Kid JirenJust as the miners slammed into the guards, a group of strong men in silver armor killed it. The leader was Sagong Hongyue. She wore silver armor and waved her great sword. Her eyes flashed with coldness. Kill meaning"A group of despicable slaves dared to let go in the domain of my family of Silverwings. It was simply to seek death!" Sagong Hongyue smashed swords and fell, smashed, blood splattered, and instantly there were dozens of people falling to the ground. Blood flow into the riverSagong red moon repair is too strong, the miners occasionally emerged one or two gold-class strong, and soon was killed by Sagong Hongyue.Like a tiger like a woman! Nie Li, who is preparing to leave, has paused in his footsteps. The hands of Sagong Hongyue have been contaminated with too much blood. This woman should die! "The Red Moon girl, long time no see!" Nie away from sitting on the trunk, looking to Sakong Red Moon, mouth smirking with a sneer"You!" Sagong Hongyue saw Nie Li in the distance. His eyes suddenly became icy. She did not expect that Nie still was in the territory of the Silver Wing family. It seems that all this confusion is Nie Li. Made out"Since the Red Moon girl is so busy, then I don't bother, and I will!" Nie laughed and ran away from the jungle.Sikong Hongyue looked at the back of Nie Li, and looked at the riots of this group of miners. After biting their teeth, they chased out towards Nie, and seized Nie from the culprit! If this time was run away by Nie, there would be no chance next time.However, Sagong Hongyue also understands that Nie Li deliberately led her past, so she was very carefulHey, the two figures swept across the jungle and turned into an afterimageSoon, they arrived at the edge of the Silver Wing family's territory, and it was the territory of another family.“Give me a stop!” Sagong Hongyin snarled with a rush of fury, and the wings behind him suddenly slammed. The speed soared several times and turned into an electro-optic. The epee in his hands suddenly turned into a fiery flame, falling towards Nie. Go onSeeing that the sword in the hands of Sagong Hongyue is about to fall down, Nie suddenly turns around, and there is already a handful of Scorpio Gods.Electro-optical and flame collisions, powerful and powerfulNie Li, with the power of this collision, flew back tens of meters and stood on the trunk.The speed of Sagong’s red moon slowed down and landed on a clearing under the tree"How is it, how can this kid's strength be so strong!" Sagong red heart surprised, Nie Yi just fight with her this fight, at least close to her strength, and she always thought that Nie left only silver It has not unexpectedly reached the gold level“What does the Red Moon Girl be so fierce? A girl’s house is shouting and killing at every turn. Be careful not to get married.Nie Li leaned on the tree trunk, he suddenly felt another breath swept over here, his mouth could not help but smile"You...boy, it was indeed the girl who looked away. I didn't realize that your cultivation was as good as gold. But when you met this girl, you still have to die here today!" The fingers slowly stroked the body of the sword. The whole body was shrouded in a fiery flame, and the cultivation suddenly increased two or three times.“The low-grade Chiyan body method? It can be really good to practice this level."Nie laughed faintly." However, your opponent is not me! “After hearing Nie Li’s words, Sikong Hongyue’s eyebrows picked up slightly and only heard a loud bang. A figure fell in front of Sagong’s Red Moon. This man also had a pair of wings, just like Sagong’s Red Moon. The difference is that the red moon, which is a lot of wings, but also a black gold colorSeeing the person in front of him, the pupil of Hong Kong’s Red Moon shrank slightly and chilled: “It’s you, Duan Jian!” “Yes, it's me!” Duan Jian’s voice, hoarse but cold, but he’s always forever. Will not forget the woman in front of her, this woman is one of the culprits of forcing his parents to die! Sagong Hongyue felt that Duan Jian had a terrible atmosphere on his body. This kind of breath had completely suppressed her, and her heart was involuntarily giving rise to a hint of fear.This feeling, unprecedented, she came to understand this, I am afraid that the paragraph has beenSakong Hongyue pointed to Nie Lida, who was on the trunk in the distance: “On that day we should not listen to your words of ungratefulness! My father and daughter trust you so much. Are you so rewarding us?” Hearing Sakong Hongyue In the words, Nie laughed off: "Sakong Hongyue, I asked, "What kind of love does your father and daughter have for me? Your father and daughter just want to get a cure for my family's illness from me."trust? If you trust, you will not detain my friends! I'm really unblemished with your Silver Wing family, but you still talk to the bitter person below! "Duan Jian's eyes, blooming with the red mans, like a beast soon to be mad“Sagong Hongyue, your father and daughter forced my parents to death and imprisoned me again. I was humiliated. Today, I will take revenge and kill you. I will then go after the old thief in Sakai.” Black Sword, heading towards Sakyuki."Hey, Duan Jian, your mother does not know how to shamelessly seduce people of foreign nationality. She is considered to be cheaper when she dies. Women like her should shed their clothes and show off in the ethnic groups!" Sakong said in a vicious way. Dodging"Insult my mother, I want you to die!" Duan Jian is even more furious, and Black Yanjian keeps slashing to Sagong Hongyue.But when Duan Jian slashed, there was no methodSagong red month heart can not help but laugh with a cry, to this ability, but also want to kill me? The reason why she kept stimulating Duan Jian with words is to disorganize Duan Jian's mind! Taking advantage of Duan Jian’s swordsmanship, he revealed a flaw and Sikong’s epee sword squatted on Duan Jian’s chest.(To be continued)