"Father, do we just forget it?" Sagong Hong month frowned and asked.“Forget it? This account, I’ll find the kid sooner or later! They must be running in the direction of the wilderness. I’ll take people to chase. You find other elders and hold onto the territory. My silver wing family has been brutally hit. , those hostile families are sure to be readyIf I haven't caught up with the boy within three hours, I will immediately come back! "Sikong Yi Shen channel"Yes, Father"Sky Red Moon noddedSwift as a meteor, rushing towards the wildernessRed Moon is looking for other eldersAt this time, on the edge of the Silver Wing family's territory, there is a hidden tree cave."Nie Li, are we still not going?" Lu Piao asked with doubt to Nie Li."Sai Kongyi, the old thief must have thought that we ran to the wasteland and the wilderness was flat and could not be concealed. It was too easy to be caught.So we went in the opposite direction and hid in the jungle firstToday this matter is enough for the family of silver wing families. The family of silver wing families has suffered such a heavy loss. Those hostile families will not wait for the silver wing family to slowly recover their strength. They will definitely act. When the time is concerned, the silver wing family will never care. Not too lateNie laughed and smiled"I've got you in, I'm guilty of the old thiefDaze laughedXiao Ninger looked at Nie Li's side face and smiled slightly at his mouth. Nie Li was always different from other people.A big family of silver wings, Nie Li is simply trying to come and save.Nie Li seemed to feel something. She looked over to Xiao Lian'er and looked in both eyes. Xiao Lian immediately lowered his head and his cheeks were slightly hot, raising a flush.Nie touched her nose slightlySuddenly, Nie remembered something and said, “You stay here first, I’ll go out and see you"" Nie Li, what are you going to do? Xiao Li asked immediately and caringlyNie Lizhao looked in the direction of the mine in the distance. Although he was out now, it was a bit dangerous. However, when he thought of the child's strong eyes with tears, Nie Li decided to take a shot to help the other side."Relax, I'll be back soonYou must be careful, do not show signs“Nie laughed and laughed, and rushed towards the distant darknessDuan Jian looked at Nie Li’s back and could not help but wrinkle his brow. Nie Li did not say what he was going to do. His heart was a bit uneasy.The silver wing family's mines, because here usually guarded, many people coming and going, with the miners in the mine, are some innocent people, so Nie Li did not lay in this mine around the next When the Silver Wing family was raged by the yankees, it was safe and sound.However, the situation of the Silver Wing family has caused chaos. Here, the mining slaves have rallied and want to attack the guards of the Silver Wing family."If anyone dares to tamper with them, kill them!" Si Kong Shou raises the sword and squats under his sword. The slashed Jian Qi sweeps six miners, blood splatters, and six miners unwillingly fall to the ground.The rest of the miners who are about to riot, flashed fear in the eye, and retreated. Sikongshou is the gold-level strongman. They are not opponents at all.Sword Chou Shou Leng coldly: "A group of waste, dare to rebel?" Si Shou-shou eyes bloodthirsty, murderousThe guards raised their sword and were ready to releaseAfter exposing the miners to their prestige, Si Kong Shou looked up and looked in the direction of the palace-top palace. In his eyes, he also flashed a flurry of confusion. He did not know what had happened and whether he had come to the enemy in the family territory. ? If it is a strong enemy, then the other party is too powerful, even the treetop palace has been destroyed.If the Silverwing family really fails, then these people, I am afraid that the future will not be better! The miners were full of emotions. Many people's eyes that were originally desperate had a faint look. If the family of silver wings were destroyed, they might be able to regain their freedom.At this time, Nie Li has already reached the edge of the mining area and hid on a big tree to investigate various conditions in this area."A total of more than 200 people, of whom more than a dozen are in the gold category, and the rest are in the silver class.There is also a watch tower over there, which should be the core area"Nie Centaur thinks, "All miners here are stamped with slaves. The caster should be an etched master."Generally, the imprinter and the person imprinted with the imprint of the slave cannot be more than a few miles away. Otherwise, those who bear the seal of the slave will die and die.Therefore, the caster of spellcasting is likely to be inside this tower! "To liberate the miners from the imprint of the slaves, they must kill the caster of the spellcast! After Nie had thought for a moment, he merged the genie of the genie and dunked to the sentry tower in the distance.Towering towers, more than ten meters high, surrounded by many guards, guardedAt that time, many guards were also talking about things in a mess, and after all, the Silver Wing family’s territory was attacked by such a big thing, their mood could not be completely affected.When they were distracted, Nie Li started to use tactics and slowly dipped into it."What people?" The gold-dominant leader took up his sword and cried coldly.The other silver guards also lifted their swords and looked forward, ready to fight.However, the front is empty and nobody is there."Is it my illusion?" The golden powerman murmured to himself. It may be that he was suspicious. After being attacked by the Silverwing family, his nerves were in a state of complete tension.At this time, Nie Li had been wiped from his side and slipped into the post.If Nie Li shot, he may have died long ago.Inside the whistle tower is a rotating staircase that leads to the top. There are many guards standing on the stairs, but they are all silver-grade.Seizing under one of the guards, at the moment of appearance, Nie departed from the sickle-shaped forelegs and scurried quietly across his neck. The guard stunned and leaned against the wall. TheNie left all the way to hide the trails and solved the guards one after another, following the turning staircase until the entrance to the top loft. He sneaked his head out slightly, and saw three gold-class strongmen who were crouching. Sitting, they are discussing what“The Silver Wings family has been attacked this way. I am afraid that it will be difficult to get over it in half past one hour! Big Brother, what are we going to do next?” “As an imprinter, no matter what family we came to, we would not have food. Waiting to see it, if the family of silver wings loses, we change employers!"The remaining two gold elites are also slightly daggersDid not expect the other party actually has three Mingzhi divisions, and they are gold-level strong, this loft, everywhere covered with a variety of mysterious Mingwen, a stock of strange power, flowing in the aboveAsylum These three guys are really insecure and build this loft like a turtle shell! With these mingles, I am afraid that even if they are black gold, they do not want to easily attack the towers from the outside. Moreover, these three Mingzhishi also engraved some of the known patterns, and everything that happened outside them, they can all know one thing. Clear twoOnce attacked on the outside, the three Mingzhi divisions can immediately close the entrance. As long as they are not legendary strongmen, they can definitely be safe.Nie Li secretly sneaked in, so the three Mingzhi divisions are not prepared“If it wasn’t sneaking up, even if it was me, I’m afraid I wouldn’t be able to get you anymore!” Nie thought quietly, and as he turned his eyes, he thought of an idea and smiled. “ You have carved so many miners the imprint of slaves. As an imprinter, you are totally lost. You shouldn't have bothered me. You shouldn't run into me!" If you change to someone else, you can face difficulties like a turtle shell. The attack on the attic, and the three gold-class strong, I am afraid that half past one day will not think of a good way, but Nie is different, even if the three Mingshi Shi laid so many defensive Mingwen, Nie Li also can completely break outNie Li kept writing on the bottom of the attic with Wicked Blood, and placed dozens of yankees on the bottom of the attic."These dozens of yan bursts are not enough to burst the turtle shell. However, the biggest weakness of this turtle shell is the inability to accept shocks from the inside!" Nie smiled and collected the shadow demon spirit. I got up and drank a little and merged the tiger tooth panda demon spirit"Who!" The three sculptors suddenly sensed something and cried coldly.Was found, but too late, Nie smiled from the corner of the mouth, tiger teeth panda spirit opened his mouth, spit out a black and white two light ball, sprayed into the attic“Quickly close the entrance!” “Closed the entrance!” The three sculptors hurriedly moved the sheltered embossed and wanted to close the attic entrance. At the entrance of the attic, a faint light curtain rose. As soon as it was closed, I saw a black and white ball of light flying into the narrow entrance.Seeing this scene, Nie Li reveals a smile in her mouth and says lightly: “Good-bye!” Nie left and jumped from the window of the tower.The three Mingzhi divisions saw a black and white ball of light fly in, suddenly showing a look of horror“Quickly seal with seals!” “Seal them!” The three sculptors suddenly rushed, and the black and white light balls hit each other, and the bang burst open, causing the entire loft to sway. The screams of shriekThe voice had not yet stopped. I saw the bottom of the attic, and it made a sensation of explosions. The entire attic was blown up into the sky and flew up to several thousand meters above the sky. It was like a huge fireworks. Slamming and cracking(To be continued)