Duan Jian was dumbfounded. How could Nie Li have so many precious medicines? Nie looked at Duan Jian’s sluggish eyes and couldn't help but smiled and walked in front of him.Hey, they found a hotel in the town and paid the eight-day fee for a total of six bags of food and they stayed inside.Now it's time to wait, and then it's going to be a family of silver wings.Nie Li stayed in his room and took out two items he had just bought, seven legendary scrolls, and three flying knives.Opened one of the legendary banned scrolls. The demon blood on which the Ming dynasty was written has been rather vague, but it still exudes a powerful wave of power.The prints on the scrolls are dense and complex, and most people cannot understand them.However, these are not problems for Nie Li."It is a summoned legendary curse"Nie Centaur surprised, I do not know what creature will summonIn fact, what most people do not know is that the world they live in is vast and boundless. The mainland where Nie Li and others are located is called the Holy Spirit continent. It is one of the six continents, belonging to the main world, and there is another in the main world. Many of the subordinate worlds attached to it are like the world of black prison.The world of black prisons should be a relatively small sub-world, and some of the sub-worlds are extremely large and dangerous, including the abyssal trolls who attacked the city’s main government and were summoned from the world of the abyss.The Abyss World is one of the most horrible and dangerous worldsIn addition to the Abyss World, there are Blizzard World, Thunder World, Lava World, etc.In the main world, there are gates of dimensions that can enter and exit the main world and the dimension world.The summoning banishment curse calls for powerful creatures from these subordinate worlds. The vast majority of creatures listen to the summoner's command, and some creatures do not obey the summoner's orders. That would cause a great disaster.Such as the abyssal troll that dayNie wiped cleanly and wiped the dust off the legendary forbidden scroll. Then she searched for several herbs and allocated a potion that slowly spread on the scroll's sash.The use of Nie Li is called Qingrong Pharmaceutical.Can once again stimulate the legendary curse scroll of demon blood, so that these demon blood can once again release a powerful forceAfter a moment, this legendary curse scroll is renewed and full of power.One has regained strength, and Nie left to handle other legendary scrolls. There is only one legendary forbidden reel in the summoning category. The rest are all legendary scrolls in the Department of Elemental or Functional Departments. After the reels were processed, Nie smiledEven the legendary strongIf Nie Li is unguarded, Nie Li can also let the other party drink a pot.After collecting these legendary scrolls, Nie Li continued to observe the three flying knives."The above kerf is indeed a long time, at least ten thousand years ago"Nie left himself secretly thinking that he injected a trace of his soul into the knife. Soon, the lines on the knife lighted up a little, and a force on the knife continued to flow."With a fiery flameThe power contained in the knives has been inspired by him, and two ancient characters slowly appeared above the knife."Chi Yan?" Nie Li still identified the two ancient characters.After all, the text of the Holy Spirit's mainland has long been passed on. Even if there are some words that Nie has not seen before, but still can recognize the approximate meaning. Are these three flying swords called the Chi Yan Fei Dao? Nie Li poured soul power into the remaining two flying knives"The cold and the red"Nie Li knows the names of the remaining two knives. The name of each knives is different.There is a very hot fire power on the knife of Chi Yan, which is a cold knifeIt is full of the power of the cold frost, and the most mysterious is the redness. After it is inspired, the whole body is covered in a dark smoke."Three flying knivesAttributes are different and I don’t know which master is forged"Nie left himself secretly thinking that these three flying knives are absolutely treasured within the realm of legend.Unlike the Scorpio God Leijian, the Scorpio God Leijian is not a thing in the world, and these three knives should be forged by the world’s strongestNie Li can only use the power of the Ten Thousand Gods, which is less than one thousandth of the Thunder Blade. However, the power of these three knives is at least 60%.Finally got some of the best thingsNie was secretly thinking that he sat down and began to practice the practice of God of Heaven. Three flying knives were suspended around Nie's surroundings. The breath they radiated was closer to Nie's breath.One day and a day passed, Nie Li’s repairs had been consolidating in the golden star, continuing to absorb the soul power of the crystal of red blood, constantly tempering, and slowly impacting on the golden star.As for Duan Jian, he lived next to Nie Li and was also practicing with great concentration. After each cultivation, he opened his eyes and sensed the atmosphere of Nie Li. Then he closed his eyes and continued to practice. Inspired by the blood, coupled with the crystal of red blood and quenching soul, his cultivation speed has been greatly improved, and he will soon have to hit the black gold level.Duan Jian’s flesh strength, even if it is a legendary player, will take some troubles if he wants to get rid of him. If his repair reaches the black gold level, he can threaten the legendary powerhouse.All this is given by Nie LiDuan Jian has only two things in his life. The first is revenge, and the second is to repay Nie's kindness! Duan Jian’s every move, Nie Li can almost feel the sharp soul powerFor Nie Li, if Duan Jian really followed him, he would give Duan Jian a big chance and a big idea. If Duan Jian left, Nie Li would not say anything.One person in the past lives alone with Shengdi Emperor and six god-level wimps, and eventually exhausted and died, so that Nie Li understands a reason. Many times, even if the strength is very strong, but after all, it is impossible to turn the tide away.So this life was born again, Nie Li understood the truth, that is to cultivate their own teamThe former brothers of Lu Piao and Du Ze are very clear about their personal conduct. Therefore, Nie Li believes in them very much.However, Duan Jian, after all, was just a stranger who had just been rescued. Nie Li’s heart was still somewhat protected. However, it seems that Duan Jian’s loyalty is still not a problem.If Duan Jian willing to follow oneself, Nie will naturally cultivateIf Duan Jian goes, Nie Li will not retainNie Li’s vision was far-reaching. After the resurrection of the two worlds, Nie gradually realized that the world he had learned in the past was only a small part of the vast world. The various things left by the Great Emperor of Heaven left him unpredictable. What kind of existence does the air-tight Great Emperor have? There is a kind of fear and he is trying hard to improve his cultivation and strength.One day and a day passed, people in the world of Hellworld remained as usual. Every day they struggled to survive.After sitting quietly for a few days, Nie Li slowly opened his eyes, and this evening, it was time for them to agree with Geling."It's time to meet them."Nie left smiled and stood upNie Li and Duan Jian, walked out of the hotel togetherIn the streets that are as lively as usual, there are lots of people coming and going. Nie Li and Duan Jian shuttle between them. They can easily accommodate the looks of the future and they will not attract anyone's attention.At this moment, the distant scene caused the attention of Nie Li and Duan Jian."Old things, dare to get Lao Tzu's things, see I don't kill you!" A scream of anger shouted, a strong, brawny man, slaps his palm-leaf fan, and grabs an old man's head.Nie looked away, and saw the old man's dilapidated clothes, his head spread, his feet staggering, and his eyes were full of sadness.The brawny man reached for the old man's body, but saw the old man's wrong body. The brawny man was stung by a foot. The whole man flew out and slammed and slammed heavily on the ground.When the old man lifts his feet, he is stepping on the face of the strong man."Hey!" The strong man cried and yelled. "Old stuff, I'm going to kill you!" But after seeing that the old man stepped on the strong man, he still walked steadily forward.The brawny man got up and ready to plunge at the old man. Immediately, several young people supported the strong man."Boss, this old man is not simple, it is very likely a master!" "We still do not care about him!" The brawny also seemed a little doubtful, nodded slightly, slams out a bloody muddy, he can only I feel badThe old man stumbled, passing by Nie awayNie Li felt a terrible breath of keen sense. The murderousness seems to have gone from the pores of the body to the general, so that Nie is a delirium.Good strong murderousness! In Nie Centrifuge's slight glimpse, I am afraid that at least we must kill millions of souls in order to concoct such terrible murderousness.The strength of this old man is probably at least legendary. It may even be higher.Even if it is Sakyo, it is not at all a level with this old man.What seems to be feeling, the old man glancing at Nie LiAt one glance, Nie's hair fell from his entire body, and his heart whined away. With his current strength, if this old man took a shot, then he must die.Nie can only try to converge on his breath so as not to attract the attention of the old man.The old man just glanced at Nie Li and took his gaze back, walking slyly forward, muttering to himself.“There is no beginning, no beginning.Quickly, fast, hahaha..." After the talk, the old man laughed insanely and gradually drifted away from the crowd.When I heard the old man's words, Nie Li was shocked. Her face did not show any expression and she walked calmly.This old man will not be one of the inheritors of Nether Emperor. If he is known by the other as one of the inheritors, he will be dead.(To be continued) u