Readx(); As Nie Li and others chatted, Nie Li's eyes suddenly flung into the distance. Among the rows of bookshelves, a graceful figure was holding down a thick book and looked down. A purple hair is falling down like a waterfall. Two small hairs in the ear are tied with a purple silk thread. The more lovely temperament.Evening sun shines on her delicate cheeks, more elegant and movingNie Li looked stunned. In a flash, countless memories poured into his mind. In that endless desert, they evaded countless desert beasts to slay and kill.In the nine-death and life-environment environment, Nie Li, with his keen understanding of the crisis, rescued the survivors numerous times and gradually walked with Ye Zixuan to deepen understanding of each other.Although Nie Li’s cultivation was extremely poor, and the gap between Ye Zixuan and Tian Yan’s was similar, the two still came together.That night, Nie Li stroked the glossy back of Ye Zixuan, and the crazy love in his heart was hard to suppress.Under the moonlight, Ye Zixuan is like an immaculate goddess sculpture. She has a shy and moving face, a bumpy figure, a delicate jade arm and a towering Yufeng... Those crazy pictures are deeply imprinted on Nie Li’s HeartAt that time, Nie Li was always unimaginable. Such a beautiful goddess like Ye Zixuan would actually like him.Later, in order to cover himself and other survivors, Ye Zixi escaped and died at the moment. Nie Li’s heart was like being smashed. The kind of piercing pain was still fresh in his memory.If it was not for the completion of Ye Zixuan's last wish, the escort of her people left. At that time, Nie Li will certainly follow her.If it weren’t the book of magical space and time, I wouldn’t be able to be born again to see her again! Nie Li took a deep breath and calmed down his inner excitement. He was always looking for opportunities to be close to Ye Zixuan, but he did not want to disturb her. Anyway, the marriage contract between she and Shen Yue had not been determined.Nie Li now urgently needs to improve its strengthOnly by upgrading their strength can we deter the sacred family and we can grab Ye Zixuan from Shen Yue’s hands."You go up first, I have some things!" Nie Li looked at humanity such as Du Ze and Lu Piao.Duze and Lu Yishun looked at Nie Li's eyes and looked away. The beautiful girl who was holding an old book and reading quietly was like an elf in the evening. He was immaculate, dressed in a white silk skirt, and leaned against the bookshelf. On the edge, the posture is dignified and generous, quiet and elegant, like a flowering hibiscus, holy and noble is not worthy of 亵渎They instantly understood what Nie wanted to doBeautiful things are loved by everyone. Only in the face of Ye Zixuan, they are low self-esteem. They don’t even have the courage to go up and fight.Nie Li has gone straight to Ye Zixi and walked past"I'll bet that Nie will be defeated in the world in a quarter of a century. The class will certainly not ignore him!""I hope you don't suffer too much from Nie awayDuze said whisperingThey are hiding in the corners, and some small evil-minded people think that Nie Yi may be guilty of grief at class flowers. Class flowers are not so easy to access. Even Shen Yue, and several attempts to get close to Ye Zixuan, are repeatedly frustrated.Ye Ziyan looked at the book quietly in the evening. This beautiful picture made Nie Li really couldn't bear to break.Nie Li accidentally discovered that what Ye Zixun read was actually the book of the thunder and fire.Ye Zixuan looked through her eyes and locked her face. She was a relatively strong person and very diligent. No matter whether she was talented, repaired, or learned, she was much stronger than ordinary people.Her heart was still a little proud, but she actually found that the gap between her and Nie was so large.The things in this book of Thunderfire are really too esoteric! The first volume has translations. It's better to say something. From the beginning of the second volume, it is the text of the period of Fenghuang Empire. She can't understand at all! On knowledge, Ye Zizhen is indeed the best of her peers, but she secretly compares Nie’s life with this born-again, which is the wrong person.Seeing Ye Zixuan holding a book on the thunder and fire script and reading it there, Nie Li’s understanding of Ye Zixuan can naturally guess Ye Zixuan’s careful thoughts. He can't help but laugh and go to Ye Zi’e’s side and whisper: “How, Ye Zixuan’s classmate is right Is Lei Xixin interested?” Ye Zixuan recalled from deep reflections and saw Nie Li’s appearance revealing some surprises. She obviously did not expect to meet Nie Li here, but thought about it. , Nie Li is estimated to come here often to read books, or how do you know so much knowledge? "This book is too esoteric. I took a look and found that there was so much that I couldn't read!" Ye Zixuan closed the book of Leihuo, elegantly and indifferently, and she kept some distance from Nie Li politely.Ye Zixiu is tall and tall, a white silk clothing, temperament, such as blue, although a few steps apart, vaguely can smell the elegant fragrance on her body, Nie Li knows, it is her unique body fragrance, fascinatingThis scent is so familiar and kind, this is a deep memory“This ritual of Thunderfire was written in the words of the empire of the snow and snow. The words of the snow and snow empire are quite esoteric and difficult to read. However, if you first study the words of the black gold empire, you will find that it is much simpler and the snow empire The text is easier to identify"Nie Li said with a smile“The words of the Black Gold Empire?” Ye Zixi recalls carefully that before the Dark Age, there were three eras that were the most complete. They were named after the most powerful empire at that time: the Holy Spirit, the Snow Age, and the Holy Age.The black gold empire is a relatively large empire of the snow empire at the same timeNie understood many things and learned a lot. Ye Zizhen can't help but admire it.“However, it is not necessary to study a particular language in order to understand a Holy Fire code.And with your constitution, it is not very suitable for training the thunderbolt system."Nie was calm and calm, and there was absolutely no other boy in front of Ye Zixuan.After all, Nie Li really knows Ye Zixi and understands it.“Oh? What kind of exercises are I suitable for practicing?” Ye Zixuan looked at the boy in front of him and had to say that Nie Li’s knowledge made her somewhat upset and frustrated."If I expected to be right, with your family background, your family should use your soul power to detect your constitution. What you are practicing is the practice of the snow-and-frost system. Presumably the practice of the snow-storm system is the most suitable for you. Physique!" Nie smiled slightlyYe Ziyan opened his eyes and looked at Nie Li in surprise. Nie Li actually said that he was right. Her grandfather did use her soul power to detect her constitution, but it was a mystery method that was never passed on. It cost a lot to use once. The soul power, how did Nie Li know? Seeing Ye Zixuan's look, Nie Li knew that the ** he had guessed was ten and he smiled and said: "Your family has detected your physique, but he certainly cannot detect the form of your soul sea, so give you a choice. The exercises are not the best for you""The form of the soul sea? “Ye Zi’s brow furrowed, she didn’t understand the term.“Can I spend some time letting me test the form of the soul sea?” Nie Li said to Ye Zixuan.Ye Zixuan looked up at Nie Li and shook his head after a moment of silence: "No!" She still kept a faint distance from Nie, if Nie Li's method of detection is the same as Grandpa's, it is difficult to avoid. There will be physical contactYe Ziyan still has some preparedness for Nie LiSeems to have guessed Ye Zixuan's idea. Nie smiled. He knew that Ye Zixuan had more thoughts and said, "In fact, the test method is very simple. After you go back, you get a crystal of soul that has never been used before, and inject soul power into the soul crystal. As long as I observe a little, I can know the form of your soul sea.""Oh? So simple? "Ye Zixi looked at Nie away apologetic. It seems that she misunderstood Nie. A soul crystal can't cost much money.""If you want to test the form of the sea of ​​souls, come here to find me this time tomorrow"Nie left, and then turned to leaveYe Zixuan stared at Nie Li, and if the boy talks to her, he wouldn't wait to speak for a while. Nie Li is an exception.What kind of person is Nie in the end? She found that she had never understood this classmateNie Li is well aware of Ye Zixuan's personality. He knows that the more tightly he wants to grasp, Ye Zixie will be farther away from him. The time ahead will be very long. He will leave some impressions on Ye Zixuan and will have the chance to slowly cultivate feelings.Ye Zibei bees nibbled, out of the channel: "Nie left the classmate""whats the matter? Nie turned to askSeeing the distance between Nie Li and Ye Zixuan in the distance, Nie Li was leaving. Ye Zixuan actively called out Nie Li and Du Ze and Lu Geng looked at each other."Sure enough it was the boss, first let the Goddess take the initiative to send breakfast, and now hooked up with the goddess of leaves, and for the happiness of the rest of my life, I must ask the boss adviceWei Nan murmuredA group of people envy jealousy and hate, a few words to talk with the goddess of leaves, this is how many people can not things ah? Duze and Lu Pang face each other"Looks like we still look at Nie away!" "This guy is hidden!" "Nie can hook up the condensate goddess, and he certainly can hook up with the goddess of the leaves. He holds the left and right holds, and happiness is boundless!" Nie Li did not know these brothers’ comments on him. He heard Ye Zixuan cry on him and he accidentally turned back.“Nie's knowledge of Mingwen is very profound. I would like to ask Nie to learn from some of my classmates. Is it possible?” Ye Zixuan said with bright eyes and looked at Nie Li."Of course, it's all right."Nie laughsYe Zixuan did not have too much expectation. After all, these questions that she had to ask were not answered by the average person. In the study of Mingwen, Ye Zixuan, who came from a great family, learned a lot more than ordinary students of the same age.~~ Red flags on Monday, asking everyone for fire support! ! ! For a new book, the list is very critical, please put the recommended votes to the demon god it! ! !