"I understand this, I've arranged it properly."Ye Zong nodded his head, how could he not understand that this mattered?"That's goodNie left to nod"Yes, there is another thing!" Ye Zong remembered and said, "When I was playing against the Blizzard, thanks to a legendary ban on the rescue of a top powerhouse, I guess the strong man should be Your master""My master? Nie divorced. He almost forgot this thing, nodded his head. "It should be my master."what happened? "Nie Li is not prepared to take this matter's credit to himself, even if it's a cheap master."I would like to thank you for your master. In addition, I took a demon from the body of the blizzard. This tyrannosaur has opened up the genius. Its demon spirit is extremely valuable. You help me to return this object to me. Your master"Ye Zong took out the demons"My master said"Nie laughed and smiled." This tyrannosaur is no use for him, and he just doesn't know what to send to his father-in-law. This blizzard is a demon spirit, even if it is a dowry! ""bride price? "Ye Zong dumbfounded, Nie Li and Ye Zihuan did not even engage in engagement ceremonies. So they came down to hire. He had a dark face." Nie Li. Is this what you think of yourself? "Nie Li suddenly face a plate, looked solemnly said:" One day as a teacher, lifelong fatherI can express my sincere and respectful respect for my master, and without the permission of his old man, dare to carry him to give such a precious thing? "Ye Zong was deceived by Nie Li's expression. Is it really the gift given by the super strong man? Isn't this thing received or not received? I am afraid that it is against the face of the strong man. In the end, you have to marry your daughter! However, Ye Zongshou's things are still less? Million magic demon spirit array, red blood crystal, and now add this snow and snow giant demon spirit, this bow does not turn back ahIt's easy to get these things in, so it's hard to send them back.Ye Zongxin tears in tears. If he continues to oppose the marriage contract, he doesn’t know where to go.If you combine the snow and ice giants and spirits, Ye Zong might step into the realm of legends. This temptation has to say that it is very big.If Ye Zong has reached the legendary realm, this time he will not be so dangerousWhether or not to close, Ye Zong struggled for a long time. He gritted his teeth and took it for granted. He took so many things and was not bad."KekeNie Li, the wind and snow giant spirits I received, as for the nephew, as long as the nephew of their own, I have no opinionBut if you don’t want to...” Ye Zonggan coughed two channels."You do not oppose it."Nie Li said with a smile," Zi Zi there, I will not let her aggrieved"Ye Zong is hot and has short hands. He can only recognize it.""Then I'll go back first"Nie left to leaveLooking at the back of Nie's departure, Ye Zong smiled and sat down to start the fusion of the snow and snow giants.Although Ye Zong’s black scale dragons and demon spirits are cherished with a little dragon descent, but there is no way to compare with this tyrannosaurus demon spirit.Even if it is a legendary demon spirit, there are very few who open the intelligence, as long as it is open to intelligence, it is almost certain that youTherefore, Ye Zong did not hesitate to abandon the Blackscale Land Dragon and choose to integrate the snow and snow giants.All kinds of things were thrown on the ground. After returning, Shen Hong almost mad at it and fell a lot.For so many years, his cultivation was inferior to Ye Zong. Although both of them reached the peak of the black gold level, he was still not the opponent of Ye Zong.Shen Hong has always been very unconvinced. This time, he watched as Ye Zong was cherished by rare snow and snow giants, and his heart was extremely depressed.Once Ye Zong is merging with the spirits of the snow and snow giants, you may be able to step into the legendary world! "Why I didn't have such a good life!" SHEN Hong was angry. "Ye Zong, we both grew up together. Your cultivation has always been stronger than me. Everything pressures me, and I set foot on the place of the landlord. , also married the most beautiful woman in the glorious cityWhere am I worse than you? The reason why my cultivation is inferior to you is because you are the eldest son of Feng Xue family! What are all the benefits you are given by one person! "Shen Hong distorted his look of indignation“One day, I will destroy everything you have, just like I killed my woman. I will take away everything you have!” Shen Hong’s fists giggled.After a long time, Shen Hong’s anger slowly subsided, and the fierce lights in his eyes slowly disappeared.In addition to Ye Zong, Shen Hung most hated, there is another person, that is, Nie Li! Since the emergence of Nie, the sacred family has been passive everywhere. It has caught the attention of the family of wind and snow. It has fallen into the fields of today and slowly withdrew from the core of the power of the glorious city.If it were to wait another year or two, the various arrangements of the sacred family were completed, and it was extremely difficult to defend the wind and snow family.But now, the sacred family is in a state of being restricted from being monitored, and nothing can be done."Ye Zong, do you think I'm so sacred? It's easy to tie it up. You're too small to see my holy family. It won't take long, and you'll taste bitter fruit!" Shen Hong grunted, eyes glanced. FlashingA guard hurried up and squatted in front of Shen Hong: "We have just received news from the patriarchs. The Lord Ye Zong called a master of each family ten days later to discuss how to deal with the issues of the animal tide!" "How to negotiate To deal with the tidal wave?" Shen Hung was brooding and the beast tide was just over. He called a master of each family to discuss how to defend the beast, which is also a reasonable thing.However, the sacred family is now in a delicate situation. Shen Hong is worried that Ye Zong will make a move, but if this kind of gathering does not take part, I am afraid that it will fall into disgrace."It seems that it must go"Shen Hong secretly thought about it, thought for a moment, but some layouts, the advance actionYe Ziyan's roomYe Zixun helped Xiao Ning's bandage the wound and slowly wiped the body with a towel.The two quietly did not speak. When they were good friends in childhood, they gradually drifted apart. Because Nie once again came together. They grew up. Some things changed, and there seemed to be something that never changed."Dinger, we haven't spoken for a long time."Ye Zi said wildly"YesXiao Lier gave a quiet replyThe thoughts of Ye Zixuan seem to have returned long ago and long ago. At that time, they were so innocent and innocent, and the laughter was left everywhere in the shrine.But later, Ding Er went away, leaving her with only the cold walls of the city's main government, and boundless loneliness.She still remembers that when she played a little bit of temper, Xiao Lie cried and left, saying: “Ye Ziyun, I hate you.You are the daughter of the landlord, but I am nothing, you are always so high above, never will take into account my feelings"Afterwards, Xiao Ning'er never visited the city's main government again. Ye Zixuan regretted it very much. He hated herself because she drove away her best friend from her side.In the year of enrollment, Ye Zixuan did not go to the genius class, but went to the primary class of the apprentice military school because of Xiao Lian'er.However, when she saw Xiao Lian’er again, Xiao Lian Er was a cold look. She tried to get close to Xiao Lian’er, but she was thrown away by Xiao Lian’er."We are not a world person"This is Xiao Lier's answer to her."Ye Zixuan wanted to cry aloud so much. She wished she was not the daughter of the landlord. The daughter of the landlord did not feel happy at all.It was not until later that Ye Zixuan discovered Xiao Leng’s smile again from Shaw's face. When Xiao Ning'er looked at Nie Li’s face, he was so gentle and so quietly smiling.It was also at that time that Ye Zixuan had a little curiosity about Nie Yi. Nie Yi had a place that attracted Xiao Lian’er.Later, in the stalker of Nie Li, Ye Zixie never hated Nie Li, and he gradually had a few likings for Nie Li. However, he never had the same kind of love that he did."You do not worry, I will not fight with youI wouldn't like Nie away from the guy who doesn't have a good shape all day long! "Ye Ziyan looked at Xiao Lian'er and laughed, but when he said this, Ye Zixuan's heart could not help but have a bitter taste. Nie Li, Ding Er liked you so much. Why did you come to provoke me?"“Ye Ziyun, I...” When Xiao Ye’s words were heard, Xiao Ning’er wanted to say something.Ye Zixuan smiled and shook his head: "We still don't discuss these"Ye Ziyun smiled and shook his head to help Xiao Ning'er wipe the blood from his body."Because he was injured, Xiao Ting'er had blood spots all over his body. However, after wiping it off, the skin that was smooth and delicate, like white fat, suddenly became crystal clear. At this time, she only had a slight amount at the chest. Obscure, that curvy figure, exhaustiveYe Zixuan also only covered a light layer of sheer gauze. If the delicate skin is looming, she sits on the edge of the bed, elegant and noble, and is different from Xiao Liao's.If someone is here, they will surely be amazed at their beauty and lament the magic of nature.When Ye Zixuan quietly helped Xiao Lian-er wipe the body, the outside door slammed open and a figure broke into the room. The figure was Nie Li."Aster, Dinger, how are you guys..." Nie Liang's eyes fell on Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er and suddenly his eyes were straight.After seeing Nie suddenly come in, no matter if Xiao Ning'er or Ye Zixuan, they all stayed up. They never expected that Nie Li would actually come here and Nie Li came in too fast. They still returned. Did not have time to wear clothes! Nie Li came from Yezong there. He was worried about the situation of Zi Zi and Ding Er. Where would he think so much? They came in directly, and who knows that the two of them didn’t actually wear clothes? (To be continued)