Every animal tidal wave is a nightmare. The City of Glory has been fully guarded.∷ Top ∷..∷, .. outside the city main hallThe masters of each family are arranged to the walls of the city, leaving only the sacred familyYe Zong and Shen Hong looked at each other and saw a flash of coldness in the eyes.Shen Hong looked at Shen Hongdao with a smile: "I did not expect the city of glory to encounter another epidemic. As a member of the City of Glory, for the sake of the safety of the City of Glory, my sacred family naturally went through fire and water.Do you not know what the Lord of the City is preparing to arrange for our sacred family? "The other masters of the Holy Family are going to defend the city walls to the north. Just ask me to take a trip with me. Let's go to the south wall together. How do we do it?" "Ye Zong's eyes were slightly slurred, watching Shen HongdaoWhen the beast approached, what kind of conspiracy Shen Hong would engage in, if he was to leave this guy out of sight, Ye Zong would certainly be very upset."I am willing to serve the Lord's Lord."Shen Hong smiled authentically. How could he not know Ye Zong's idea?""Shen Chen, let's go."" Lord of the city, please! “Nie Li, Du Ze, Lu Geng and others took the lead to reach the southern city wall. This animal tsunami struck and the south wall was the most dangerous place. It was the most dangerous place.There are still five hours before the Beast Tide. More than one thousand martial artists under the command of Nie Li kept digging outside the city. As the animal tide is coming soon, everyone is very nervous and the action is very good.“What does Nie Li want to do?” Lu Piao was puzzled. These martial artists were excavated around and the ground had become pitted. However, these potholes were completely useless for the powerful snow and snow monsters."No matter what Nie Li wants to do, we just do it!" Duze picked up the shovelKeep shoveling dirtThe city guards on the walls looked from time to time toward the battlefield below the city wall. They did not understand what Nie Li and others were doing. They only saw two deep trenches on both sides of the city, and a group of them. People are pouring oil like liquid insideThe front ground has been dug up and down, and the ground is filled with tens of thousands of fistsThere was also a group of people who had cut down thousands of bamboos, sharpened the front of the bamboo, made spear-like things, and poured something into the bamboo knots.In addition, there are a group of alchemists who have come from all over the place. They have all taken things like barrels of potions and the like.“What are these people doing?” “I don’t know, I don’t understand anything!” “What kind of potions are in the bucket?Why should these agents be poured into those pits? "" Who knows! "These city guards stood guard against the walls and curiously discussed the actions of Nie and others, temporarily dispelling the fear of the coming tide of the beast.As time passed by, the fear in their hearts grew deeper, because they knew that the beasts would soon be coming, and a group of masters of various families flocked to the wall to give them a little peace of mind.The mottled city wall of the shining cityIn the darkness, it becomes darker and darker.Once on this wallDo not know how many ancestors died and their blood swayed on every brick in the city wall.For generations and generations, they kept fighting with the Wicked Animal. No one knows when the terrible beasts will come. No one knows.Will the last land on which they will survive be swallowed up by the beast?More than a thousand military personnel under the city walls are still busy. Although their strength is not very strong, the efficiency of these activities is still very high. The final situation is much better than that of NieNie Li has even arranged many fortificationsWhen Nie Li was busy below, Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er were not willing to idle. They picked up shovels and kept shoveling dirt like these ordinary martial artists.Above the city walls, Ye Zong, Shen Hong and other high-ranking masters have already arrived. The city guards see the wind in the wind, and Ye Zong, who is from Yuan Yu and Yue Ye, has a lot of peace of mind. In their minds, Ye Zong is the general existence of GodThe second person under Ye Mo, the patron saint of the glorious city! At this time, Ye Zong, Shen Hong, Ye Xiu, and others all looked at the battlefield under the city walls and were pitted and filled with liquid things."What's going on here?" Ye Zong looked at Ye XiuYe Xiu looked at Shen Hong, and shook his head. "I don't know"Ye Zong responded for the first time. All of this is probably related to Nie Li. Only Nie Li will do these bizarre things."Shen Hong looked at the bottom, there are some strange, said: "The beast tide is coming soon, this group of idiots are doing? What can be done to engage in these things, thinking that these things can stop Wicked army? It is simply not knowing! Ye Zong and Ye Xiu did not refute anything. Nie Li was already doing it anyway. They looked at it quietly and it was not necessary to argue with Shen Hong about whatAt this time, the owners of various families seem to be tolerant of many"In any case, beast tidal waves will come and nothing is better than nothing!""I did it in white and I wanted to defeat the beast, and I still rely on force! The fist is the truth!" Shen Hong said proudly. He has always been very dissatisfied with Ye Zong's various tasks. It is estimated that the following things should be arranged by Ye Zong. Arranged, he dismissed itA momentary silence, no one but the sound of shoveling earth under the wallFor a moment, someone broke the dignified atmosphere and said: “This is just a million-level animal tsunami. We don’t have to be so nervous! We are defensive in the first few million animal tides!” Indeed, one hundred The 10,000-million animal tide can still be defensive, but every time an animal tidal wave comes, there will be a large number of casualties. In order to repel the tidal waves, the City of Glow must pay a terrible price.After the beast tide, they are all devastatedFive hours passed quicklySince the arrival of the tidal wave has not yet arrived and everyone is looking to the far horizon, there are doubts. What is going on here? “Isn't the trolls coming?” The tidal wave is made up of a large number of wimps. Like a tide, it will devour everything they encounter along the way. The cause of the tidal wave is unknown to anyone and may be for migrating.It may also be predatory, their route is uncertain, and the direction of change is not sure along the way.The hearts of the people are a little fortunate. After all, if the animal tide turns, then the city of glory will be free from this terrible attack.Just when their mind is slightly relaxedIn distant valleys, the rumbling sound of beastsThe voice of this beast was so stern in the empty night.After hearing this come and go, the voice of the beast that came from afar"The beasts are coming, and all the guards are defensive!" "The following people are coming up!" After hearing the beasts, Nie Li and others rushed to work and rushed back into the gates.The gates banged down. The guards who were originally lying on either side of the gate shouted and stood up, ready to take precautions. Almost every time the beast came, they would break through the gates. They would face flesh and blood. The fight tookSeveral new recruits trembled slightly with their spears"Are you scared?" A veteran soldier with a wounded face looked at the recruit next to him.AskedThe recruit’s head"It's okay, I'm not scared after I fight!" The sulking veteran laughed.“The white knife went into the red knife and there was no time to be afraid!” Nie Li and others quickly swept the wall and looked into the distance. On the far horizon, one black appeared and became denser.It became a thick black line and the ground rumbled like a dense thunder.In the mountains of the ancestral ancestors, there are countless Snow Wicked beasts that gather togetherIt became a terrible animal tideThe sky has been lit white, looking toward the horizon, one can not see the edge, all the evil beastsThese evil beasts rushed toward the city of glory.Ye Zong and others have already lanced their swords and are ready to plunder against the wall. With their strength, as long as they do not run into black monsters, they can retreat.Nie Li walked to Ye Xiu's side and looked at Shen Hong not far away. He whispered to Yeh Xiu: “Ye Xiu’s master, let the father-in-law send them out first, and wait for the animal to hit the wall!”"Ye Xiu had his head repaired. He was very convinced and trusted with Nie Li. Therefore, he did not ask Nie to leave the cause. He went to convey the words of Nie Li to Ye Zong.The speed of the beasts was very fast. It was already about three miles away from the city wall. There were huge monsters and some of them even exceeded five meters in size, which was daunting.The families of all families have swords and sheaths“Elder Lord of the City is almost ready for action!” In the past, when the Beasts came, they would go to live the first wave of attacks. When they were tired of the battle, they returned to rest and let the guards on the walls make waves. After the break is over, you can continue to play the role of the masters."Wait!" Ye Zong waved his hand and Nie Li just told Ye Xiu to tell him that he would not attack for the time being."What are you waiting for, Lord Chengren?" Shen Hong has an impatience, and Ye Zong and others have shots. He just can find an opportunity. If Ye Zong is able to get rid of the monsters without any flaws, it will be even more perfect.Ye Zong shook his head: "Wait!" Hearing Ye Zong's words, many sharp masters stopped and they did not understand what Ye Zong was going to do next.In fact, Ye Zong did not know, but Nie Liran let him do it.The beast tide has approached the city wall of the city of glory, and there are ten kinds of beasts in the beast tide that are common or bronze monsters. The height is generally about two meters, the size is huge, the quantity of silver and gold is less, but the height of body Often reaching four or five meters, in the middle of the Beast Tide, there are probably more than a dozen black gold-level Wicked beasts, whose body size is more than a few times larger than that of silver and gold-level Wicked beasts, like a huge mountain pack.These whelps are almost all snow and snow monsters. When they run, the wind and snow whistles. The air around them seems to condense.After discovering the walls of humanity, these whelps all roared and roared, and they rushed to the glorious city.(To be continued)