Readx(); The owners smiled, but Hu Yanxiong did not say anything wrong(..) Nie Li only used such things as pharmacy, red oil, and the like, and he took away so many evil beasts from the bloody edge, so that the death and gloom in the City of Glory could be reduced by a lot.This credit cannot be denied! Ye Zonghe and Ye Xiu looked at each other and Ye Xiu smiled. Ye Zong knew that Ye Xiu was deliberately telling his family's family to listen and help Nie Yiji to get the credit. Afterwards, all the owners agreed that Nie had left.Ye Zong-yao looked far away and stretched endless animal tide, the city of glory has always been precarious, at any time will be subjected to the attack of the beast tide, maybe one day the city is extinguishedIf Nie Li can really guard the city of glory, then the nephew will be married to Nie Li, and there will be nothingIf deaf children are married to Nie Li and let deaf children be the champions of the city of glory, it may indeed be an appropriate choice.Just think of Ye Han, Ye Zong can not help but sigh a little, looked at the distance, Ye Han wore a armor, standing on the far tower, lonely figure, like a statueHope that Haner can see it a littleAlthough Ye Han has a good talent, but compared with the current Yao children and Nie Li, he is a lot inferior. Moreover, he has not made any mentionable contribution to the City of Glory. His foundation is not stable.Nie Li’s credit is so great that he completely overcame Ye Han. Even if Ye Han wants to fight, he may not be able to compete.What seemed to feel like something, Ye Zhuang looked at Ye Zong here on the sentry tower. He never expected that Nie Li had such an endless variety of means and killed more than 100,000 Wicked beasts, even two of them. Black gold onlyYe Han gradually understood why Ye Zong was more and more valued by Nie, and he heard that the demons of the Demon Spirit were also arranged by Nie.Just because of Nie Li’s two contributions, he’s probably hard to win over Nie’s departure.Ye Han clutched his right hand, and the sharp nails seemed to be bleeding from his palm. Only this sharp pain could ease his unwillingness and resentment. The position of the city was clearly within reach.He couldn't get it and watched it all distance away from himselfYe Han remembered Shen Xiu’s remarks. If he could not embark on the position of the landlord, his statusNot even trash! Ye Han's eyes are blood red and he gritted his teeth secretly thinking: "This is what you guys forced me to do!" At this time, the walls of the other place are aboveLu Pang, Wei Nan and others were simply not excited. They also used dozens of beasts to kill dozens of beasts."This animal tsunami is not good!" Lu Piao stood on the wallWandering in the cold wind of hunting and huntingAfter seeing Lu Pang's proud look, Xiao Xue was too angry to cry and cry for his mother. This time, she had to get on. She really wanted to kick Lu Piao from the wall."Don't be too happy. One millionth of the beast tide, we have eliminated one-tenth of it."Duze is a little speechless, and the Beast has only just begun."In addition to Lupin’s heartless guy, other people’s hearts are still a little dignified.After all, the tidal wave has broken through three defense lines.Then, how many cards can I use? The three lines of defense have persisted for half an hour, killing hundreds of thousands of snow-witted demon beasts.Wind and snow monsters gradually approached the city, rumbling, and the gates were impacted.“Hurry up and pour the red oil!” A group of martial artists spread a bucket of red oil at the rear and sprayed it towards the bottom.Flames burst into the skyUnder the wall, it is the fourth line of defense! The flame instantly engulfed countless Snow Witches, and the moat below has become a sea of ​​fire.Like purgatoryThe guards on the walls are fully armed and ready to fight.Once you break through the fourth line of defense, it is a battle of the blade, and they will have to face the hordes of snow and evil creatures."There are monsters rushing to the wall!" A distant exclaimed from the distanceAlthough the flames formed by the red oil devoured a lot of wind and snow monsters, there are still some powerful golden snow monsters rushing into the city walls.The strongmen of various families immediately lifted their swords and rushed to those evil beasts."Oh!" The few gold-colored snow-witted beasts waved their claws and shot a few city guards. The wall was immediately infected with blood.A few figures quickly rushed toward the golden wind and snow monsters, who were at least gold-level masters and even black gold, and several of them were besieging them, quickly killing those golden monsters. , and then pushed the bodies of these evil beasts from the walls.There was a fierce melee on the wall. Although there were some casualties on the City of Glory, it was much better than the previous animal tidal wave.In the past, the animal tidal wave often rushed to the wall in droves. Then it was a bladeless battle. Just like a meat grinder, many people could be strangled instantly.This time, ordinary Snowy Wicked beasts are basically buried in the sea of ​​fire, and only a handful of gold-grade snow-and-witch whelps can be rushed onto the city walls. Moreover, the wind and snow Wicked beasts are the most resistant to the hot flames. Their combat effectiveness dropped by several percentThe powerhouses of the various families on the wall kept strangling the swift and evil animals that rushedA bucket of barrels of red oil fell down, and the flames wave after wave, devouring a batch of batches of snow and snow monsters.The melee on the wall continued, and Nie Li was also anxiously directing the busy. Although there was a lot of red oil, it could only last for a few hours at most.However, Nie Li has already given things such as Mingwen to the Association of Alchemists, allowing the Association of Alchemists to start mass production of blood explosion bottles. When the red oil is used up, use the blood explosion bottle! So far, even the owners of various families have not used their hands. They are only responsible for guarding"Immediately send people back to the family and let all the family members bring me the oil they can use. I will burn the snow and the snow monsters today!" exclaimed Hu Yanxiong, and several people who hushed his family immediately moved forward. Go to collect the red oilOther families have also sent people to collect red oil, even if it does not eat oil this year, but also to extinguish these snow Wicked beasts! If you know that the red oil is used to deal with the wind and snow monsters, the residents of the City of Glory will certainly not hesitate to donate the red oil used in their homes.Ye Zongchao looked away and his gaze fixed on the dozen black gold-class whelps in the snow-and-witch whelps' corps. Those black-gold whelps were the most dangerous existence. Driven! The battle is in a state of continuous anxieties. Under the walls is like a giant meat grinder. Tens of thousands of snow-witted beasts have been strangled, and the wall is also in a melee.Hundreds of people have already been killed and thousands of seriously wounded people have been carried down.However, such a result is completely acceptable to the City of Glory.Nie Li, while directing those martial artistsSuddenly I felt as if I was living in an empty world. There were countless Wicked animals wailing under the walls. The voice seemed to be getting far away, and countless monsters died.As if there are countless souls floating up into the airNie Li feels that thousands of soul powers are gathered together towards himself. These soul forces are constantly rushing into the sea of ​​Nie's soul.The Sea of ​​Souls stirred up wildly under the impact of these soul powers.Nie Li’s sea of ​​souls seems to burst, and the movement of the body becomes very slow. Nie’s eyes are locked and this key moment has unexpectedly caused such an accident.Hey, a group of golden monsters rushed onto the city walls, and Duze, Lu Piao and others fought with the spirits.Duan Jian is the lead and kills the most dense places of the Golden Wicked Monsters.At this moment, two gold-level monsters pounced up against Nie“Nie left, be careful!” Xiao Ling-er was the first to discover the strangeness of Nie Li. Nie seemed to be in a daze, and his brows were locked. He was very painful. She immediately went to the ground and rushed up against Nie.Ye Zixuan also noticed the strangeness of Nie Li and saw Xiao Ning Er rush to rescue Nie Li. Next to the two gold-class Wicked Beasts, Nie Li and Xiao Ninger rushed down.If we do not stop again, no matter if it is Nie Li or Xiao Ning'er, I am afraid that there will be danger. Ye Zixuan immediately urges the Queen of the WindInstantly, the palms coalesced into two storms, and they rushed to the two gold-class wimps.Ye Zixuan has only just entered the golden star, these two evil animals are at least gold Samsung, but Ye Ziyan can not control so much, that two groups of storms bombarded on the body of the two gold Wicked, so that their body DundonYe Zixi quickly sings a spellThe Snow Queen's demon spirit pushed ice power and instantly formed a thick ice wall behind Nie Li and Xiao Ning'er.Two gold monsters hit the ice wall, sobbing and retiringAt this time Ye Ziyan is also slightly pale, his mouth overflowing with a trace of blood, with her current strength, while fighting against the two gold Samsung's Wicked is too difficultXiao Ning'er glanced at Nie away and glanced gratefully at Ye Zixi. Ye Ziyi saved her and Nie Li.Xiao Ning'er and Nie Li fell heavily on the ground. Xiao Ling'er could not help but stunned. Even though the repairs had reached the golden level, she was an enchanted teacher. Her body was not strong and she rolled out. Nie left under the pressure"Dinger, you first take Nie away!" Ye Zixi screamed, she continued to urge the Queen of Ice and Snow to stop in front of Nie Li and Xiao Tinger."Ye Ziyun, you“Xiao Tinger looked at Ye Zixuan and felt a slight pain in her heart. She remembered that when she was young, they were the best friends. But as time went on, Xiao Ning'er gradually understood the gap between their positions. Is the daughter of the landlord, and she is nothing, but also forced to accept the fate of the family to her and marry Shen Fei that bastardShe is so grief, unfair destiny, has been working hard and wants to change her destinyUntil later, Nie away helped her treat the pain and made her become the best genius in the family. She was relieved to get rid of the terrible shackles. However, Nie Li likes Ye Zixi.The fate is always joking with her. Why is Ye Zixiong always?However, today they have been rescued by Ye Zizhen."You are careful"Xiao Tinger is kind-hearted after all, and she doesn't have the heart to see Ye Zixi's accident.Nie Li was stunned and wandered leisurely. Suddenly he felt that he was pressing something. He felt something pressing under his body. A soft touch and the fragrance of the girl came. He reluctantly opened his eyes. It turned out to be Ding Er, across a thin coat of clothes, vaguely can feel the body of the bump, Nie Li consciousness a little sober, see Dinger that anxious face, slightly glimpseHe suddenly recalled that he had just suffered a sudden impact on the soul sea, it seems that there are two gold-level Wicked creatures rushing toward himself, is condensing to save himself"Nie Li, you woke up? What happened to you? We were scared to death."Xiao Tinger saw that Nie had awakened. When this was relieved, she suddenly felt that Nie was still pressing on her. When she suddenly flushed her cheeks, she hurriedly pushed Nie away. "Hurry up, purple." Oh, she is in danger against the evil beast! "The body of Nie Li was pressed on her body. She wanted to push Nie away, but she was afraid that Nie would be hurt from the body and would make Nie Li's injury worse. Her skin contact made her shy and anxious."Nie Li did not pay attention to this. His soul suddenly poured in so many soul powers. It was suddenly hit hard and his body was weak.After hearing Xiao Lian'er, Nie Li hurries to move the soul sea. After a sudden influx of soul power, the sea of ​​soul seems to expand.Nie Li understood a bit, and the battlefields under the city had died so many evil beasts. The body of these evil beasts escaped a lot of soul power. These soul forces seemed to have been dragged by some kind of force and entered his body. The soul of the sea can not absorb for a time, so it caused such a situationNie Li tried hard to get up, but the sea of ​​soul seemed to be tornThis struggle struck Nie away from his teeth"Nie Li, how are you doing?Xiao Ning Er was anxiously anxious and quickly supported Nie Wei."Nothing, I need to refine my soul power."Nie Li said, he sat up reluctantly, he hurriedly refined the soul power of the soul sea, only to recover as soon as possible before he could enter the battle."In order to prevent Nie from being attacked by evil beasts, Xiao Ning'er guards beside Nie Li.Although the masters of all the family walls on the walls have killed many evil beasts, the silver and gold monsters that rushed into the city walls are increasing, and everyone is in a bitter struggle.Ye Zixuan merged with the Snow Queen Empress, the body shuttle back and forth, to avoid the attack of the two Gold Wicked beasts, turned into a sword of wind and snow towards the two gold-level Whelps lasing awayThe round of ice blew open, just to make the two gold-level Wicked action slower, and the two monsters rushed toward Ye Ziyan, making Ye Ziyan a little dodgeYe Zichao's fusion of snow and snow is a demon spirit, and it only reaches one star of gold. Although he can compete in more stages, he cannot also deal with the demon spirit of two gold samsungs at the same time.Seeing that Ye Ziyan was in danger, Xiao Ning'er was anxious and was preparing to save Ye Zixuan. Next to another gold-class Wicked Beast, she and Nie Ju rushed forward. When Xiao Ning'er saw the shape, he instantly merged with Thunderbolt. , waving wings, and a lightning bolted down to the golden wolf(To be continued)