Ye Zixi removes two Ming scrolls from the space ringThe strong men wrote some moves into the scrolls in an embossed manner. When they were fighting, directly pushing the Mingwen scrolls could exert powerful combat skills, which was much faster than direct execution.However, the Mingwen scrolls are often very expensive. Just a blank scroll will have hundreds of ghost coins. A bronze-grade Ming scroll will sell over thousands of demon coins. Silver may have thousands of demon. Spiritual currency, as for gold, it is even more unimaginableThis thing is not affordable for the average person."The two Ming scrolls are all snow patterns“Ye Zi’s light blue fingers slowly opened one of the bronze-grade scrolls.” “The two ampersials seem to have some problems in the portrayal and have not been used, but I can't find the problem.Nie Li glanced at the two embossed figures on the reel, and at a glance, he saw the problem of the two embossings.Past lives have been practiced in the Book of Space and Demon Spirits for so long. Nie Li’s understanding of various ming patterns has reached the pinnacle of the peak. All attributes and all kinds of imprints are well known to Nie Li.Correcting two bronze embossings is no difficulty for him"Even if ordinary professors don't see the problem of these two bronze embossings, you can go to your father and answer it with your family background." Nie Li looked toward Ye Zixuan.Ye Ziyan's lavender pupil flashed a blank lookNie suddenly understands that Ye Zixuan had no mother since childhood. Her father is a city owner and she manages every opportunity. Her grandfather is a legendary demon psychic teacher. He must lead his men to explore the ancestral ancestral mountains and eliminate potential crises for the city of glory. Naturally, no one can help Ye Zixie answer.Thought of this, Nie Li was full of pity on Ye Zixuan and said: "What's the problem? Come here every day to find me!" After that, Nie Li's eyes fell on these two bronze Ming scrolls, pointing One of the bronze sculpted scrolls said: "This bronze embossed pattern is the sleet of the blizzard of the snow and snow system. There is really no problem in the structure of the embossing, but it is a poor reel."" inferior scroll? "Ye Ziyun is surprised“Yes, this person’s falsification is extremely smart. If the eyesight is not accurate enough, it’s reasonable to be tricked into buying such a scroll.“Nie laughed and smiled.” “The blizzard is like a knife.” The etched pattern is written in the blood of the blizzard insect. Generally, the blood of the adult blizzard insect is silver-gray, not this gorgeous silver-red. I estimate that this is written in the blood of the larvae of the snow worm. The larvae of the lee snow bug are not strong enough to make this 'snow and snow as a knife' imprinting impossible."The blood of the adult blizzard was silver-gray, and when it was young, it was silver-red. Ye Zichao never imagined that the problem was actually there."She took this unforgotten bronze scroll and asked many professors and even deans in the college. But no one found the problem because the bronze scroll was complete! This doubt has been hidden in Ye Zixuan's heart for a long time. Until today, this doubt suddenly resolvedThe original perspective of her thinking has always been wrong. There is nothing wrong with the writing of this kerchief. She wants to find faults in writing. Of course it is impossible! This problem, Nie Li can be seen at a glance, which level of learning to achieve it? Even those professors and deputy deans could not compare with Nie Li in terms of knowledge. Ye Zixuan had a deep admiration for Nie Li, and he also put down the precautions in his heart. One who possesses such a profound knowledge should not be too bad. “What about the bronze enamel?” Ye Zixuan points to another bronze enamel. As she points to her side, she looks back at Nie Li. Nie Li’s figure is slightly higher than her. Her cheeks are well-defined. Head, still quite handsomeIn the past, Nie Li’s presence in the class was very low. Until today, Ye Zixuan began to have some understanding of Nie Li’s heart and he deeply admired it."This ming-pattern is the sleek pattern of the snowstorm's hurricane-snow sleet. The hurricane-snow sleet was originally a silver-grade kerchief, but the stencil of the hurricane and snow that remained in the dark era was incomplete. After the later generations filled it up, the slash reduced a level and became a bronze etched pattern.Nie LidaoYe Zixuan doubted. She did not expect that there was still such a history. The history was recorded in which book. How could she never see it? Just listening to Nie Li continued: “In addition to being relegated to bronze embossing, the ‘Everything’ after the completion of the ‘Everything’s’ slogan has problems due to its structure, and it often fails to use due to various problems in its use.Need to change the etched structure"" Change the structure, how to change? "Ye Zi-yin's eyes were filled with doubts, and even her grandfather did not dare to change an embossed word without saying. Because the ancient Ming patterns passed down were relatively perfect.Although her grandfather was a legendary psychic teacher and was able to create her own patterns, it was difficult to change an etched pattern.“Is there a pen?” Nie Li asked to see Ye Zixi.Ye Zixuan moved his right hand and removed a silver pen from the space ring. It was made from the sharp corner of a horn sheep.Nie Li took over the silver pen from Ye Zixuan's hand. The fingertip touched the palm of Ye Zixuan inadvertently. The creamy skin made him feel awkward.Ye Zixuan immediately pulled his hand back and suddenly looked up. The guard's eyes looked at Nie Li. She thought that Nie Li deliberately took her away from her, but at this time, Nie left a serious pen with a silver pen and his face showed serious and serious. lookMaybe it is thinking too much. The touch just made a girl feel strange in her heart.Nie Li sketched briefly on a piece of white paper. A more complete set of imprints than ‘Snow Breeze’ leaped to the surface of paper. The proportion of each line was not different, just as it was printed.With such a complex pattern of imprints, Nie Li only sketched out with a few strokes. This amazing ability made her amazing.The changed ‘Ming Breeze’ slogan was much more complicated than it was before it was changed, and it actually made Ye Zi’s ignorance."This is the complete ‘Snow Breath” etched"Nie Li looked at Ye Ziying," is a silver level“Ye Zixi’s eyes fell on the 'Shangfeng Xuexue' mingzhi and his eyebrows were tightly locked. After this change, the 'Everything Snow' ancestral pattern was twice as complex as the original, and the specific effect was exactly what it is now. She can't verify unless someone makes a reel of this hurricane's name.She has never seen this form of etched! "This is an embossed pattern consisting of 36 basic patterns"Nie left the road." This is a stable structure. It was unstable before it was incomplete. "Ye Zi-yao took a whisper with a trace of suspicion and did not ask for it. Instead, he collected the Ming-dynasty line painted by Nie Li and prepared people to make some tests on the Ming-line scroll. Is it true that Nie Lizao It’s a silver-grade etched patternYe Zixuan also asked some questions about the snow-colored patterns and the practice of cultivation. Nie Li responded to the fluency. Under the orders of Nie Li, the doubts in Ye Zixuan's mind suddenly became clear, and he admired Nie Li.How much time does it take for a person to learn such a profound knowledge as Nie Li? “Ye Ni’s classmate, thank you for your answer. Don’t forget our agreement. It’s still here tomorrow."Before leaving, Ye Zi grinned, such as Pearl halo, pretty refinedThe bright smile that made Nie Li lost his heart. When he looked at it again, Ye Zixuan had waved away. That delicate back, moved people.Nie suddenly felt happy. He was very satisfied with the results of chatting with Ye Zixuan for the first time.Being ready to leave, suddenly a figure flashed out from the side and grabbed Nie Li’s neckline suddenly."It's you"Nie Li's eyes fell on the person's body and his face sank. This person is Shen Yue.Shen Yue’s right hand grabbed Nie’s collar and stared guiltyly at Nie’s departure: “What did Aquila say to you?” “Hands off, otherwise I’m not polite.Nie responded coldly to Shen Yue"Well, you're welcome with me, Nie Li, you too can afford to see yourself, what do you think you are? Think you know some of the information on imprint is amazing? You are still far away! Later away from the Purple Dragonfly, Otherwise, I want to make you look good!" Shen Yue said gloomilyDuze, Lu Piao and others saw this scene in the distance and immediately surrounded them.At this time, there were also six or seven attendants next to Shen Yue, staring at Daze, Lu Geng and others in an eye-catching manner.Other students in the distance from the library saw this scene and evaded it, lest the war burned themselves."What happened?" "I heard that Shen Yue and Nie Li were fighting because of the goddess of leaves."Which NIE left, who dared to offend Shen Yue, Shen Yue was the descendant of the sacred family!" "" Nie from crazy, really do not know the sky is thick! Shen Yue will soon reach a bronze star. How could Nie Li be his opponent?"In Shen Yue's eyes, with his strength, it is not easy to deal with Nie Li. If he only has one tenth of his strength, he can crush Nie away! Nie Li looked contemptuously at the self-righteing savage Shen Yue. In his opinion, Shen Yue is just a little kid. He did not regard Shen Yue as his opponent from the very beginning! Even if your whole sacred family is just playing with me, what do you think of Shen Yue? On the strength or strength of the soul, the current Nie Li is all inferior to Shen Yue. After all, Nie Licai has just practiced Heaven and God for two days.However, in Nie Li’s view, Shen Yue’s use of power and soul power is as rough as the primitive man.Even if my strength is only 38 and my soul power is only 32, I'm more than able to play dead.“I think that with the background of a sacred family, you can arrogance? With a green soul, is the sea a genius? You are too far away!” Nie Li took hold of Shen Yue's fist, and the power of the middle finger pinched Shen Yue’s wrists. At the joints, power was transmitted through the middle finger and slowly yanked Shen Yue’s fist out.Shen Yue was surprised to find that Nie Li's hand was on his wrist. His whole arm was like a numb man. He was sour and weak. No matter how hard he tried his hand, he couldn't help but slowly open his hand.For a moment, Nie Li’s hand was tied to his arm like a hoop, and the pain of a hard heart made his face almost twisted.How did Nie Li do it? My strength is obviously stronger than Nie, why can't I match him completely? In Shen Yue's impression, Nie Li has always been the crane end with poor soul talent and weak body, and he is the genius of the class. He has the green conscience of the soul, and he has eaten various kinds of elixir since childhood. , physical fitness is also much stronger than ordinary peersHowever, this short-term power confrontation, he actually completely defeated Nie Li! Nie from the end what witchcraft? ! Nie was faintly sneering, although his strength has not yet been upgraded, but Nie Li’s ability to control power is not comparable to Shen Yue’s.Nie Li uses the power of his fingertips to penetrate the points of Shen Yue's joints and instantly loses Shen Yue's arm!