The terrible beast, like a thunderbolt, shook the wall of the City of Glory and trembled with dust.△, to see this endless animal tide, Lu Piao, Du Ze and others are slightly pale"My mother, so many snow-witted beasts, this is dead, ah, I do not want to become the devil of the wind and snow demon!" Lu floating grieved his face, "God is pitiful pity me, I'm still a virgin ah! "Nothing!" Xiao Xue squatted on Lu's buttocks. "If the wind and snow monsters climbed the walls, their aging mothers slaughtered them!" Duze raised his thumbs against XiaoXue. Xiao Xue is not afraid of a woman. How can they shrink when they are men? Although Lu Pui's lips said so, but he still stayed on the wall. Sometimes he was owed by his mouth, but his bones were still there. Otherwise, his past lives would not be so generous.Xiao Ning'er and Ye Ziyan stood behind Nie and did not speakYe Ziyan looked at Ye Zong in the distance. As the daughter of the city's owner, she naturally would not be inferior to others. In the face of the beast tidal wave, she would never shrink back. This is the dignity of Feng Xue's family! The city of glory should be guarded by them! Xiao Ning'er is staring at the back of Nie Li. When she was in the world of black prison, she had already experienced life and death, and she has looked down on everything.If the animal tide really destroys the city of glory, then let her and Nie die.Nie Li looked toward the distance and the front wind and snow monsters had already entered the first line of defense. After passing through the ups and downs of the slope, the speed of the beasts' tides slowed down.A group of snow-witted monsters quickly rushed over the slopes and entered the forefront of a pothole.When these wind and snow monsters landed, they stepped on the pit and suddenly splashed a lot of liquid.When these liquids reach the coat of snowWith a loud bang, spontaneous combustion took place and an instant flame formed into a sea of ​​flames. Those blizzards that were rushing in the front were screaming in the sea of ​​fire and the fire spread.Instantly swallowed at least thousands of Snow Wicked AnimalsThe most feared of snow and snow beasts is the flame, but the ordinary flame can not be burned in the wind and snow monsters.Nie Li poured in the potholes, all of which were red oil. Phosphate and other substances were added to these red oils. Once touched, the fur would burn, and the fiery degree of burning would not extinguish ordinary cold.As the tide of the beast progresses, the front wind and snow monsters cannot stop at all.One by one behind the wind and snow Wicked top into the sea of ​​fire, but also make the fire more exuberantOnly a moment later, the body of the snow-witted beasts piled up and formed a huge flaming mountain.In an instant, thousands of Wicked Animals were killed! This scene shocked everyone, and no one could think of those liquids that fell downEven with such terrible power, he immediately blocked the offensiveYe Zong, Ye Xiu et al.It is also a few seconds to stay awkward, then reveal a bit of joy, do not know Nie from the configuration, in the end what is the liquid, but it is absolutely a weapon to kill the Wicked ah! "Nie is really a kid from this kid, just this trick.It saves us a lot of effort! "Ye Xiu excitedly authenticYe Zong's eyes also showed a bit of appreciation of the color, Nie from doing wellShen Hong was gloomy and he completely did not expect that the brutal attack would be blocked at once."Look, over there!" a city guard yelled.As the people looked in the distance, they saw that after the first wave of shocksDivided into two dials quickly, bypassing the flames and striking both sides"No, in this case, the animal tide will hit the east and the west of the city. The wall guards on both sides are weak."Ye Zong face slightly changedAt this moment, I saw two flame arrows at the front end, two parabolic rays in the dark, and two deep trenches next to each other. In the instant, the two dragons spread all the way to faraway places. The formation of two hot fire walls, up to five or six meters long, stretching several kilometersSome wind and snow monsters were shocking too fast. They couldn't stop. They rushed across the wall of fire and immediately issued shrill screams. All of them blazed up and rushed out dozens of meters. Finally, the body was dark and fell to the ground.A snow-and-witch monster could not stop and rushed into the wall of fire. After a moment there were thousands of snow-witted monsters and died in the flames.These snow-and-witch monsters can only be driven by the wall of fire and continue to impact on the southern city walls of the city of glory.Ye Zong and others were stunned. Nie Yi seemed to have already considered the route of these snow-witted demon beasts. He used the flames to drive these wind and snow evil beasts. How could the snow-capped demon beasts have such high wisdom? Instinct to avoid the flames"I'm going to the second line of defense right now!" Nie smiled slightly from the corner of his mouth. Everything was as expected.Because of the expulsion of the fire walls on both sides, the snow-and-witch whelps were huddled together in a mass that was unimaginable, and they had a little Mars on them. One or two of them were on the ground.The sound of sharp explosions, like thunder and lightning rushing past the ears, even people standing on the wall, could not help but choke their ears, this voice is simply terribleThe scene ahead is even more shockingThousands of chain explosions, those savage beasts crowded in front of them, were blown into the air, and many of the snow-witted monsters were directly torn to pieces and turned into broken pieces of meat.This bombing, at least tens of thousands of snow-witted monsters flashed away in smoke, including a group of gold wind and snow monsters and two black gold monsters.Before the fire of the sea, Ye Zong and Ye Xiu and others were only slightly surprised. Now, they are completely shocked.This explosion is really terrible! Even the black gold monsters are torn to pieces! "What is the use of Nie away from that kid?" Ye Zongxin has a real timeAt this point, Shen Hong was scared and frightened. This chain explosion was really horrible. If you do not prevent it, if you are not careful with the plot, I am afraid that the whole sacred family will have to fly! Nie Lierang's Association of Alchemists, made up of more than 20 kinds of ores and herbs such as phosphorus and black crumbThese liquids are extremely unstable. Once a fire is in progress, a terrible explosion will occur. The power of the explosion can definitely be described as destructive.Tens of thousands of snow-witted beasts were wiped out without close combat, enough to make the city of glory less dead! Especially in the middle there are two black gold-level Wicked beasts, it is absolutely horrible! This explosion is too horribleIn the back of the snow and snow monsters, they gave birth to a sense of fearHowever, there are too many wind and snow monsters, and they are constantly coming in behind, pushing the wind and snow monsters in front of them.Several explosions occurred one after another, and they destroyed thousands of snow-witted monsters.The forces of the Snow and the Witch and the Beast continue to move forward and approach in the direction of the City of Glory. Although the speed is much slower, the number is still daunting."To the third line of defense!" Nie from estimating the distance between the wind and snow monstersAlthough the footsteps of the snow and snow monsters did not stop, they were being consumed little by little.The smaller the loss on that glorious cityJust a few kilometers away from the city wall of the City of Lights, Nie Li picked up a bamboo, and cast it out toward the place where the most concentrated snow and snow creatures were.The sharpened bamboo in the sky was drawn into a parabola and fell into the wind and snow beasts. The buzz was heard and the bamboo burst open. The pharmacy inside was scattered and scattered.Sizzling Witch Smelling PharmacyImmediately red eyes, crazy upConstantly tearing around the companions, instantly messing aroundA rootless bamboo blazed out in the hands of the militaryInside the bamboo section is a potent poison that can make the wind and snow monsters go mad. When these evil spirits and snow bees are heard, they will fall into a state of madness and bite the same kind.It's only a pity that the Association of Alchemists found only a small amount of raw materialsMore than 5,000 bamboo knots were producedWind and snow monsters bite each other and the scenes are chaotic. On average, each bamboo can kill more than a dozen monsters.Wind and Snow Wicked animals waved and waves of Ming bamboo were shot out, and at least 560,000 Snow Wicked beasts fell to the ground.The city guards on the walls burst into cheersThey never thought that this method could be used to deal with animal beasts. This animal tsunami hasn't hit the city wall yet. It has already died and is close to 100,000.I was so excited that I couldn’t wait to get some kind of long bamboo to try it.As for ordinary martial artists who cast bamboo, they were excited. In the past, they required several people to work together to strangling a wind and snow monster. However, now they only need to project a bamboo and they can kill dozens of beasts. It's just too easy to make them ecstaticAt this time, the families of all the families are also talking about"These people don't know who they are. It's really eye-opening for us!" "Yeah, fighting the Wicked Animal for so many years, I never knew that I could use these methods to kill the Wicked!" It is the key. If these agents are not deployed, the general method is ineffective for the snow-capped demon beasts!” “The person who dispensed these agents and came up with these methods is the hero of our shining city, if not for him, We don't know how many people are going to die!”"Yeah, the hero of the glorious city! If you want to reward the merits, he is the first person!"Shen Hong has been silent and silent, and his anger and indifference do not exist. However, his heart is desperate to die. The Dark Society has to draw the animal tide into the glorious city. Do not know how much thought it takes to make a difference? Fortunately, it is only now killing more than 100,000 Snow Witch beasts, at least there are at least close to a million Wicked beasts, this animal tide is far from over! "That thing, I have to thank Nie from the kid. These methods are all come from Nie Yi!" Ye Xiu smiled and said."Is that genius deviated?" "I did not expect that in addition to talent, this boy has a lot of ideas in mind!" "What the hell is this idea, is simply great wisdom, I call Yanxiong is the most admired smart people!" Hu Yanxiong gave a thumbs-up call. "The soldiers can not kill more than a dozen wicked beasts. Who can you do?" (To be continued)read3();read4();