A bang, electric light lasing, thunder and lightning burst the blood of the golden monster:The golden Wicked beast was badly wounded. He stepped back and snarled angrily. He opened his bloody mouth and bitten over Xiao Long.The power of ice and snow instantly reduced the temperature in the surroundings by several degrees, making Xiao Xinger's body a bit stiff.The five-star golden snow lizard, bloody breath, made Xiao Ninger feel a great deal of pressure.Xiao Ning'er tried to meditation with difficulty, mobilized his soul, formed several thunderbolts in the face of the air, and rushed toward the golden gem.Three thunderbolts pierced the body of the snow lizard, and suddenly blood splattered. The snow lizard wailed in pain but the body did not stop and rushed toward Xiao Ning'er.These monster beasts seemed to be mad, completely disregarding life and death. The snow lizard's attack speed was too fast. She quickly veered aside and only heard a slamming sound. The snow lizard's giant lizard struck Xiao Lier's body. Xiao Ning Er was seriously injured and he threw himself outThe snow lizard swept its front paws and stepped down towards NieBad, Nie is dangerous! Seeing this scene, Xiao Geling immediately mobilized his final soul power into a lightning chain and tied the front paw of the snow lizard.Xiao Nian'er was anxious. She had exhausted all her strength, but the snow lizard was too strong. She was not able to fight at all. However, Nie still sat in an interview. She did not know when Nie could recover. She Already unable to hold it, because of the exhaustion of her soul, her mouth overflowing with a trace of blood, her internal hemorrhoids have also been severely damaged."I will not let you hurt Nie away anyway.Xiao Ninger’s eyes are firm, and he urges the sea of ​​souls to exhaust all soul power. With that firm will, he desperately maintains lightning chains.But the lightning chain will soon be brokenThe claws of the snow lizard will fall on Nie Li’s body.Nie Li suddenly opened his eyes and the soul power that had poured into his Dantian was absorbed by the sea of ​​his soul, making his soul sea more than doubleSoul power has undergone qualitative transformationNie finally stepped into the gold two-star levelThe strength of the gold two-star level, Nie Li felt a change in the body, and his heart was invigorated.I did not expect that I could absorb the soul power that escaped after the demon’s death, and completed the promotionNie left with his right hand and he had a knife in his hand.The red inflammation knife took out his hand and banged. He shot the claws of the snow lizard, pierced the whole arm of the snow lizard, and then penetrated the head of the snow lizard, from the wind and snow. The back of the monitor lizard shot directlyThe snow lizards cry with a wailing sensation and fell to the ground. The blood flowed to the ground.After reaching the golden two stars, this red inflammation knife was displayed by Nie and it was more handy.The power is amazing, directly shot through this golden five-star monster! Nie left his right hand and saw only Yan Fei’s knife flew back toward him. Looking at the distant Ye Ziyan, Ye Zixuan and two gold whelps fought to the edge of the wall. Nie Li’s body quickly changed and the tiger tooth was blended. The demon spirit displays the gravitational gas field, and then opens his mouth and emits light darkness and gas explosions.Ye Zizhen is in a bitter battleSuddenly, the two gold-level Wicked creatures fell and fell down the wall. This change made her feel a bit surprisedAfter Nie Li looked at it, I realized it.A black and white ball of light crashed next to them, and the terrible impact immediately swallowed the two golden-eyed monsters.Ye Zixuan breathed a sigh of relief and slowly drifted away. Looking at the distance, he saw that Nie Li was holding Xiao Lian-er who was seriously injured and was using his soul to heal Xiao Ning'er.SunsetIn the death-defying battlefield, Nie Li and Xiao Ting-er’s body were stained with gold. It was so beautiful and so beautiful.What a nice pair of loversDo not know why, seeing this picture, Ye Ziyan's heart is slightly tingling, she stared and stayed for a while."Dinger, she can be desperate for you. She loves you so much. And what is it for me? There is no such unforgettable feeling between me and you. What qualifications do I have to take you away from your child?"Ye Ziyun's eyes are moist. She seems to feel that her heart is being torn. For a long time, she quietly erased the tears from her face." Nie Li, from now on, we are still friends.No matter you are, or you are my best friend, you have to be good to you."Ye Ziyan murmured and looked at Nie Li and Xiao Ding'er. He thought of himself as a single person. Maybe he was destined to be alone."She is the daughter of the landlord, and she has carried too much since childhood. She has to guard the city of glory with her life, destined that she could not love a person so zealously as she did.From this moment, she decided to hide her feelings for Nie from the bottom of her heart, but she didn’t know why her heart was always visibly distressing.Nie Li injected soul power into the body of Dinger, gradually moistened the damaged meridian, and after a while, Ding Er uttered a loud sigh and regained consciousness and opened her eyes hard."Nie Li, you'll be fine..." Xiao Ting-er paled and breathed a sigh of relief.At the moment, her hair is full of wind, and there is no trace of blood on her beautiful cheeks. Fortunately, only the soul is exhausted and it does not endanger life."Don't talk, your soul power is too depleting. You can no longer fight. I let Zi Zi send you back. Your return to the main city will be restored.“Nie Li said, seeing Dinger like this, Nie can not help but feel bad, for him, Ding Er did his best, but he could not give Ding Er want, the previous generation did not pay off, this life It also owes a lot. Nie Li’s heart is full of ripples. He looks at Ye Zixuan who came over."Give me your child.“ Ye Zixuan said, Xiao Li’s eyes were supported by Nie Li’s hands. She lowered her head and did not look directly at Nie’s eyes.“I...” Nie Li looked at Ye Zixuan and was about to thank Ye Zixie. Just now Ye Ziyan had stopped and stopped two gold monsters."There is something to talk about later. Dinger is not suitable to stay here. I will bring her back.""If you don't wait for Nie to speak, Ye Zixie will directly interrupt and pick up Xiao Ning'er and take it away.Nie Li slightly bowed, he always felt that Ye Zixuan's expression was a little strange, but in the end, Nie Li could not say anything.But now Wicked is attacking the city wall, not thinking of this time, Nie left his hands in the continuous shot of the red inflammation knife, hey, a monster only be left by NieLooking at the distance, Ye Zixuan and Gelinger’s figure gradually disappeared.Repair to achieve the gold two stars, even if the leapfrog to challenge the gold five-star Wicked is completely no problem, not to mention there is a weapon such as Chi Yan Fei Dao, a moment will kill a dozenThe snow-and-witch wizard army attacked more than thirty hours. From darkness to dawn and darkness, the guards of the city changed batch after batch.Millions of Wicked Armies, at least one-third removedAfter this fierce battle, only heard a deafening beast in the distance. The army of the snow-and-witch wizard finally retreated, and retreated to a place several kilometers away from the city wall.Wind and snow monsters actually stop the attack! This is simply an incredible thing. In the past, the animal tides were always going on until the end.Watching the wind and snow monsters stop at a few kilometers away, Ye Zong, Ye Xiu, and others are also facing each other. How did the animal boom stop? Is it related to the voice of the beast? The voice of the beast was just loud and loud, at least from the black gold-class Wicked Beast.Could it be that these ordinary Wicked beasts are obeying the command of the black gold level Wicked beast?What seems to think of something, Ye Zong slightly shouted: "The black gold level Wicked animal opened the smart!" Open the smart Wicked beast? Ye Xiu was shocked. He also heard those legends. Among the evil beasts, there were some wise people who, after opening their intelligence, could even have wisdom that was not inferior to human beings.However, under normal circumstances is not the monster of the legendary environment, only a little bit may be able to repair the intellectual? Ye Zongcun looked at the distance and sighed, "The strength of our glorious cities has become less and less during these years, but the speed of the evolution of Wicked Animals is getting faster and faster.Even some evil beasts near the City of Glory are much stronger than before! "When you heard Ye Zong's words, Shen Hung licked his lips, it was a long time ago confirmed things. If you have been in the shining city, sooner or later to annihilate the family, only the dark guild, mastered the ancient law of the open The only way out is to seek help from the dark guild. The homeowners of other families are also slightly confused.However, there are those young people who are rising. The City of Glory is not without hope. Ye Zong thought of Nie Li, he thought of Ye Zixuan, and Xiao Lier and others.The times of these people have gradually passed. The geniuses of the later generation are growing up. The future world belongs to these descendants.For these older generations of them, they can only do their best to create conditions for the rise of their younger generation.In any case, the City of Glory cannot fall into their hands! With the Beast Breeze stopping the attack, each family moved a lot of red oil. The Association of Alchemists also sent a lot of well-made bamboo and a lot of blood bombs.In order to fight the tide of the beast, the entire city of glory is running at high speed."I don't know when they will launch the next round of attacks!" Nie could not help thinking"What are they doing?" Someone exclaimed.I saw the savage beast and the turmoil, and a huge snow-capped Wicked animal moved a huge block of rock from a distant mountain. Seeing this scene, everyone in the city of glory changed its color."They are ready to throw stones at the city of glory!" "Scorpio, we are finished!" (To be continued)