Ye Zixuan's body was just wearing a transparent veil, like a waterfall of hair down, that chest can be seen fabulous shape, veil only to the upper side of the thigh, below the beautiful long slender legs are exhausted Obviously, there is an indescribable temptation to moveXiao Ning'er, who was lying in bed, exclaimed and clenched his chest, but the slender palms could barely cover the proud figure. The spring overflowed, and it was increasingly imaginative.Ye Zixuan faced Nie Li coldly and Xiao Liaoer shyly lowered his head and his face was red."Aha, it's not time for me to come. I'm sorry..." Nie giggled and hurried to go out."Nie Li, who let you come in, let me go out!" Ye Ziyan grew more and more gas, cold squeaked, his right hand moved, a cold ice towards Nie from the lasing awayFeeling a sudden drop in the temperature in the room, Nie quickly sneaked out and put the door onWith a bang, the ice burst open and the ice was full of doorsSeeing the disdainful look of Ye Zixuan, Xiao Ning'er gave a small chuckle and looked at the direction of the door. Nie's hot eyes actually made her feel a bit shy, but she also had some unreconciled ideas. , myself and Ye Zixuan, in the end who can attract Nie from it? “Nie left this guy, and always doing such a miserable thing is really not a lesson."Ze Ziyan was very discouraged. Her face was red to the neck, and she did not say anything. Her body covered her with a little chest. She wore clothes, but she was a nearly transparent veil. A pair of thief eyes, don't mention how clear it was, just to be absolutely looked at by Nie"Nie was not intentional. He should care about us before he rushed in."Xiao Ling'er licked his mouth"Dinger, if you haven't married Nie, then you started talking to Nie Li. In the future, will he not be bullied and die?"Hearing Ye Zixuan's words, Xiao Dinger swept through her eyes and married Nie? Can you really deserve Nie from yourself? Nie is so talented and talented, and only Ye Zixuan's arrogant women deserve it. What is she? What family of pterosaurs compare with the snow globe? Ye Zixuan looked at Xiaoliner, who was suddenly silent and silent. I didn't know why. Her heart was also a little pain. Xiao Lian'er seemed to be cold and inaccessible, but in fact the heart was fiery, once he liked a person. Will become extraordinarily gentle and wish to dedicate everything to each otherAnd her difference from Xiao Geling is that, as the daughter of the city owner of the city of glory, she has a lot of responsibilities. Before these things are completed, she will consider personal things.At this point, she is not suitable for Nie LiIn the courtyard, Nie Li’s mind still passed through the scenes from time to time. The two beautiful young girls are the most beautiful two goddesses in the future glorious city.If you go in, even if you are beaten, it’s worth it.If the previous life was not destroyed by the glorious city, such as Nie Li, who was a poor boy who had nowhere, how could he not get the favor of the goddess in the mind of Ye Zixuan?After experiencing that kind of life and death, born again, Nie Li’s feelings for Ye Zixuan will never be shaken.As for Dinger, the last one's Nie Lie and Tong Er’er had almost no intersection. He only had mercy on Ding Er. This time the culprit was wrong. Nie Li changed the life of Xiao Ning'er. What to do next? Nie Li is also very confused about his own feelings.Only Nie Li is a person who is inherently open-minded. Things that cannot be resolved now can be solved in the future.After Nie Li sat down in the yard and continued to refine his soul power. After Jin Jin came to the Golden Star, Nie Li had a new understanding and everything had a spirit. This world’s soul power is made up of various things. The creatures left behind after the death of the creatures, and their own soul sea, have a strong attraction to the surrounding soul power. The more they enter the battlefield, the faster the cultivation will be.But be careful later to avoid accidents like this oneNear the evening, Ye Zixie came out of the room“Aster"Nie waved and waved a little, greeted Ye Zixi a bit embarrassedly.Ye Zizhuo took a cold face. Nie Li thought that Ye Zixuan was still angry for what she was doing. He only smiled and laughed. He saw Ye Ziyan's down. No matter what his past life was, but he did not see Xiao Lin's child. The"Nie Li, you can no longer live in my other house. You will move out from here tonight.""Ye Ziyan looked at Nie Li and said coldly"Why?" Nie Li looked at Ye Ziyan's eyes and saw only an icy and unprecedented seriousness. He asked with a slight frown."You don't feel ill-feeling when you live here? I'm the niece of the wind and snow family. And if you live here with a man, if someone from another family knows it, what would they think?" Ye Ziyan's eyes were cold Looking at Nie Li"Your father also agreed"Nie Li feels Ye Ziyan's expression is a bit wrong, he can't help but frown."My father agreed, it doesn't mean I agreeIn the past, I was too soft to tell you clearly. From now on, without your consent, you are not allowed to come here again."Ye Ziying said coldly"Ze Zi, I was really impatient, but I accidentally stumbled in..." Nie Li thought that Ye Zixuan was really angry because she had just mentioned something and wanted to explain to Ye Zixuan."You understand it, move it tonight.""Ye Ziyan stared at Nie Li, said," These days I want to understand, in fact, you are no different from Ye HanYou don't really mean to me. You just use me as a superior tool for you, and you have me. You can just ascend to the place of the landlord and become the most powerful person in the shining city. It's ridiculous."" The shit, this place of the landlord, I am not rare! I..." Nie wrinkled his brow. Ye Zixuan suddenly said something. It's not like her."Nie Li, don't think you're talented. It's amazing. In the final analysis, you're just a poor boy from Tianxen. Do you think you're qualified to marry the daughter of the city? Don't be naive."Ye Ziyun is mercilessly authentic. "The gap between you and me, you can never cross.Hearing Ye Zi’s momentous words, Nie Li was a little annoyed. He couldn't understand where the problem was. He knew that Ye Zixuan was not such a person, but Ye Zixuan did not give him the opportunity to speak at all."You still don't go away, but you still have to stay here with your face." Ye Ziyan stares coldly at Nie Li.Looking at Ye Zixuan's gaze, Nie Li thought of some things from past lives. Indeed, even if the city of glory shattered, some ethnic groups of the Feng Xue family did not agree that Nie Li and Ye Ziyan were together. Their words were exactly the same as Ye Ziyan now. How can one deserve to be the daughter of the Lord of the City, a poor boy of Tianxue family? Recalling the words of the elders of the previous generation, the Nie Li suddenly felt a bit of an uproar, and did not quarrel with Ye Zixun. He turned and waved his hand: "Don't say it, I'll just leave!" After that, Nie Lie went straight away. go with"Don't you take anything away?" Ye Zixuan's voice is still cold"Nothing, if you have to throw it all"Nie left all the way out of the yardLooking at Nie's back, he was standing in the spot for a long time. Why did her heart feel so painful? Something in her heart seemed to have been drained. It was full of helplessness and confusion. Tears could not help but fall. DownDid you do something wrong yourself? After a moment, Ye Zixi's roomXiao Lier had already put on his clothes and looked at Ye Ziyu who had just come in and asked: “Aquila, Nie Li?” “He had something going back to his family.“Ye Ziyun said, her eyes have turned to something else. “Your body is not completely good. It's best to take some medicine and practice it.”Xiao Ning Er looked puzzled to see Ye Zixuan. Ye Zixuan's look was a bit strange. His eyes were slightly red and swollen. What was even more strange was how Nie Li left suddenly. However, she did not ask muchAlthough there are still some suspicions between Ye Zixuan and Ye Zixuan, she will not easily give Nie off to Ye Zixuan, but she will quietly wait for Nie Yi’s choice. If Nie Zi chooses to remain Ye Zixuan, she will calmly Accept your own destinyLu Piao, Du Ze and others went back to their respective families. Nie Li and Duan Yu returned to Tianji with their families. When they saw all the people in the family, they calmed down. Nowadays, no matter whether it is the Fengxue family or the Association of Alchemists, it will not cause Tianxie family to suffer any losses. He will give Nie Yu to his parents and let Duan Jianxian stay in the family of Tianxie. Nie Li will go straight to the alchemy. Association of TeachersAlthough Ye Zixi's words hurt Nie Li deeply, Nie Li still had to do various things for the safety of the City of Light. After all, this was where they lived.The spacious hall is extraordinarily grand. Yang Xin is sitting in the foremost chair and is studying something. She wears a red silk dress and looks elegant and noble. She has an unspeakable sadness. , it seems to crack out, full of sexy and charmThis woman is definitely a goblin that will never be lostLooking up at Nie Li, Yang Xin flashed a pleasant surprise in his eyes and smiled and said: "My little brother, how can you come here to be here today? I thought you were unwilling to come when you stayed in the tender village of Ye Zixuan's little girl! "Nie Like dared not to laugh at Yang Xin. If he were to be eaten by the female leprechaun, he said with a faint smile: "Today, I want to say something."""Oh? "Yang Xin, with a bit of a bit of a bitter glance at Nie Li, said:" Isn't it true that you don't want to come to your sister here? Let's talk, what's the matter? "I want Yang Sister to make more preparations for these kinds of medicines. As much as possible within a year, I can get hundreds of thousands of jins.Nie Li said"So much?" Yang Xiumei smirked. This one-million-magnitude animal tide only used a few thousand pounds of potion. Nie Li tried to get so many medicines. She suddenly thought of something and asked, "You What does this mean is that in the coming year, the glorious city will experience a greater wave of beasts?" (To be continued)