"Wind and Snow Giants were seriously injured and they should not be able to resist it.This used legendary curse scroll is first recorded on the account! Nie Li looked at Ye Zong and secretly thought that Ye Zong owed him a human affection.These are good giftsNie Li smiled and he continued to steal away to another black gold monster, but this time he was not ready to use the legendary curse scroll. The legendary curse scroll could not be found, but only a total of seven. If you use one sheet, there will be only one sheet. Now there are only six sheets remaining.Nie Li can also hurt the black gold class strong, only the three knives, and although the Tianyi god Lei Jian can also, but it is too much trouble pushingThose places are still in the midst of the melee. Nie Li has been hiding in the shadows and is always looking for opportunities to start.Although the three knives can break through the defense of the black gold monster, the black gold monster is not a vegetarian, and his knife attack is easily avoided.Ye Zong here, the wind and snow giants were seriously injured, and then it is difficult to have the power of a battle, the body gathered round the road ice thorn, glared at Ye Zong"Beast, you have committed me to a glorious city and blasphemed against my people. Even if you do your best, you will kill you.Ye Zong angered and drew the sea of ​​souls. The sword in his hands turned into a huge Jian Qi and fell down towards the snow giants.Ye Zong at this moment seems to have entered a mystical mood. This chant gathers his life’s understanding of martial arts.The overbearing Jianqi is depraved, and the wind and snow giants' weekly spikes break down.The Snowball Giants roared loudly and tried to pounce againThe sword smashed into the body of the blizzard, and the typhoon mournfully fell on the ground. The blood stained the ground.Seeing that the giant snow dragonfly was smashed on the ground, Ye Zong was not sure whether this furious blizzard giant was really dead. He quickly went straight and added a sword to his head. LasingThe snow storm giant finally diedYe Zong finally breathed a sigh of reliefLooked at the blizzard giants who fell to the ground and looked at Ye Zong again. Shen Hong’s expression was complicated. He felt it. Ye Zong finally played back the sword. The martial arts seemed to have progressed again. His heart was filled. Indignation, such a good opportunity, he failed to succeed, then it was even harder to think about opportunities.In particular, there seems to be a super strongWithout the leadership of the Blizzard Giants, the rest of the black gold monsters suddenly appeared to fear and flinch, and they did not have the same spells as before.Those Black Gold Wicked monsters wanted to withdraw from the City of Glory, but they were stopped by the strongmen of the glorious city.He was preparing to leave and help solve the other black gold monsters. Suddenly he felt something. Ye Zong’s sword cut off the head of the snow giant, and saw a glowing spirit that slowly rose up.Blizzard's demon spirit! Ye Zong stretched his right hand and held it in his hand, then he took in the space ring.After seeing this scene, Shen Hong’s eyes were red, and he was unhappy with his anger.If you want to attack Ye Zong, you don’t say it, but Ye Zong gets such a dear spirit.In this world, among the tens of thousands of Wicked beasts, there may be a Wicked Animal that can produce a demon spirit, and the demon spirit of a high-level Wicked Animal is more difficult to find.At the same time, the higher the wisdom of Wicked, the more powerful the demonOf the ten thousand evil beasts, there may not be one evil creature that can open upThis is a demon spirit that has opened the smart black gold monster! No matter whether Ye Zong or Shen Hong’s demon spirit, they are far behind this typhoon! Ye Zong is now far away from the realm of legends, only the difference between the first line, once the fusion of the demon spirit of the snow and snow giants, maybe to allow Ye Zong to move across that threshold, directly into the realm of the legendary spiritsLegend, how many people dream of realm! Shen Hong even had a handful of ideas to grab the wind and snow giants from Ye Zong’s hands, but he still dismissed this idea. On the one hand, his cultivation methods are not suitable for the integration of the demon spirits of the snow and snow series. On the other hand, He is probably not an opponent of Ye Zong, not to mention there is a super strong in the dark.Once Ye Zong entered the realm of legends, it was enough to make Shen Hong headache."Congratulations to the Lord of the Landlord, and gaining a black gold spirit that opens the wise spirit"Shen Hong is depressed but desperate, but still congratulatesYe Zong faintly glanced at Shen Hong. The reason why he took things so quickly was that he was worried that Shen Hong would make any bad ideas and said: "Thank you, my dear brother!" It is very likely that he can be allowed to step into the realm of legends, but the Blizzard giant is not killing him after all, so he does not intend to use the evil spirits of the Blizzard giants for his own sake.If you change to be another person, you certainly don't hesitate to merge the snow and snow giants, but Ye Zong's heart is magnanimous. Nie Li’s masters are all ready to save themselves, so he returns the tyrannical tyrannosaurs and the demon spirits. Nature is also rightNie Li’s Chi Yan’s knife was shot and pierced through the chest of a black and gold-class Wicked beast. Several black gold level besiegers around it immediately destroyed the black gold-class monster.More and more black gold powers have been liberated. They immediately went to other battlefields and joined the battle group.Quickly, one black and one gold monster was killed.After more than a dozen hours, the battle in the City of Glory slowly subsided.The Wicked Beasts outside the City of Glory, the dragons without heads, and after a series of attacks, began to flee.A million-level animal tsunami has finally been completely disintegratedLooking at the bleak city of glory, everyone can't help but feel that the Wicked Beast is really terrible, but this is the smallest loss. Every animal bout in the past has caused at least hundreds of thousands of casualties. This time, the number of deaths was only a few thousand, and only tens of thousands of people were injured.In everyone’s heart, there is a kind of gladness for the rest of your life.For three consecutive days and nights, their tight heart finally relaxed.Nie Li stood on the wall and looked out to the battlefield. The place where the eyes could see was full of the body of the snow-witted beast. It stretched endlessly.Remembering the terrible beastly tsunami of past life, he did not have any joy in his heart, but instead he was more dignified.A million-level animal tidal wave has caused such a terrible result. If you come to the same level as the previous one, what would be a billion-level animal tidal wave? The sense of urgency in NIE Centrifuge is even more intense. His arrival has already changed the history of the City of Glory. However, the tidal wave of billions of levels may sooner or later be faced with."Nie Li, you're okay!" After finding Nie Li, Lu Piao, Du Ze, and others gathered around and Nie suddenly left, leaving them very upset."I'm okay!" Nie laughed and looked at their concerned eyes. Nie was impressed.Past lives have been wandering for so many years, but if Nie was not a big nerve, he would always be able to find fun and loneliness. I am afraid it will soon die in endless emptiness.Now that there are so many people who care about themselves, this feeling is really good. Nie will no longer allow anyone to take them away from their own side."Retreat from the barriers!" Nie looked at the crowd and seriously"OkDuzi and others nodded and looked very seriouslyThis animal tsunami gave everyone a wake-up callHearing Nie Li’s words, Lu drifted suddenly into a bitter gourd and said, “If you can't count on me, if you don’t do it, I wouldn’t be able to count on me. Even if you don’t cultivate, cultivation will increase very quickly!” “What do you say?” Xiao Snow holds hands on the chest and looks at Lu PiaoLanding suddenlyA group of people stepping on the ruins, walking toward the main cityOn this road, the city guards are busy. Some people cry with their bodies crying loudly. Some people silently lift their bodies and leave.This sad scene made Xiao Xue and others wait for their eyes to burst into tears.The walls and bricks and tiles that collapsed everywhere caused Nie to sigh with emotion.In past life, he had returned to the city of glory. At that time, in the glorious city, only the remains remained, and even the bodies could not be seen.The corpse of most people has been eaten by Wicked Animals.The places that used to play and become familiar have changed their appearance. Nie cried in the meantime, but the entire city of glory had only his empty echoes.An endless loneliness and fear engulfed himAll this, like a dreamNie Li completely did not think that he was able to reborn through the book of the demon spirit of time and space, so that everything started again. Many times, Nie Li thought that all this was a dream and he had done numerous nightmares in the night.However, these friends around, let Nie Li have a trace of real feelings."Nie Li, what's wrong with you?" Seeing Nie Li's look was a bit strange, Ye Zixuan asked with doubt.Nie Li took back his eyes and smiled and shook his head and smiled. "I think of a lot of things! Let's go!" A pedestrian in the twilight went all the wayOthers were reluctant to be rehabilitated. Only Nie Li was called by the Ye Zong."Nie Li, you have done a great job this time. I thank you on behalf of all the people in the shining city.Ye Zong looked at Nie Li and said sincerelyYe Zongna’s earnest attitude made Nie Li feel embarrassed. In previous words written by Ye Zixuan, Nie Li’s knowledge of Ye Zong has only stayed in the impression that Ye Zong was a severe father. Since Nie Li discovered that Ye Zongna’s harsh and cold appearance, he has a sincere and selfless heart.Nie Li has made great changes to Ye Zong. Of course, there are some principle issues. Nie Li will not give in.After reborn, Nie Li knew clearly what he was pursuing."My father-in-law is a self-employed person, so don't be too polite. This is what I should do in my career.Nie laughed and smiledNie departed from this kid, still so unlucky, but after getting through this period of time, Nie Lie, although he owes a little to his mouth, he still slowly likes to leave Nie away from this boy and has treated Nie as his own child.Ye Zong involuntarily will compare Nie Li and Ye Han together. Ye Han is a person with a solitary personality. Ayutthaya is very deep. He never knows what Ye Han’s heart is thinking, and always gives people a kind of alert.While Nie Li, although always doing something that does not fly, but faintly recalled, everything is extremely measured and the steps, but also has a deep Ayutthaya, but it is very casual, at least can feel Out of the many things that Nie Li did, it was all kindYe Zong, like Ye Han, belongs to the first type of person. Because of his similarity in personality, Ye Zong initially appreciated Ye Han. However, after Nie Li’s appearance, Ye Zong discovered that he appreciated Nie’s character more than appreciates it. Ye HanWhenever the change occurred, Ye Zong was not very clear.At the beginning, when Nie Zi called his father-in-law, he was still very hot and he could not wait to nip off Nie from the violence. However, when he called out, Ye Zong actually listened to it. He did not know when he had accepted it. Nothing resented this title.Perhaps Nie Li had calculated this from the very beginning. He listened to it more often."Anyway, this matter, you are a big hero, we all remember it in our hearts.“Ye Zong said that besides him, the owners of various families in the city of glory now know the merits of Nie Li. Such a big thing is definitely not a matter of saying a few words of praise. He is a city owner and must To achieve rewards and penaltiesBut he didn't know what to award to Nie Li"That's right, father-in-law, the recipes for those kinds of potions must not be rumored to be known by the Dark Society..." (To be continued)