One second to remember [Love ^ to ^ Xiao ^ said ^ net.], to provide you with exciting novel readingEach of these Snow Wicked beasts is infinitely powerful. It can throw a hundred kilos of megaliths a few hundred meters away. The sky-rock falls and it is troublesome.[Love \ to \ small \ said \ net www.] to see this scene, Ye Zong and others are also face big changes, they are black gold-class strong fortunately, even if the giant stone fly over, they can also be broken, However, after all, the masters of the City of Glory were too few to follow, and the city walls of the City of Glory nevertheless stretched for tens of miles! "How to do?" Numerous homeowners are uneasy in their heartsShen Hong is also scared, and the Wise Men have wisdom. Fortunately, he was wise and he turned to the dark guild. When the city of glory was destroyed, the sacred family could be quietly withdrawn, and he would follow the dark guild to enter the world of black prison.He did not know whether the Dark Society had told him about the existence of the black prison world. Did he deceive him, but he had no choice but to choose?Ye Xiu hurried over to find Nie and asked, "What is the matter of Nie Li? Once they start attacking, we will be finished!" "It seems that only this trick is used!" Nie looked away from Ye Xiu. , “Ye Xiu adults, we have a number of giant dinosaurs with a range of more than five thousand meters here?” “Our giants? We have a lot of them, but giant crickets can only be used to deal with ordinary wolf beasts. Injured, rarely can shoot itOnce the range is two kilometers away, the attack is very small! "" No need to attack how strong, range of more than five kilometers, and then tied to this! “Nie Li took the blood and explode the magic bottle lane. These days, the Association of Alchemists has produced tens of thousands of bottles of blood explosive bottles, which can be used completely."Is this thing so powerful?" After seeing the chain explosion before, Ye Xiu dared not to underestimate what Nie had come up with."The power is not small, a small bottle can kill hundreds of snow and wind wands within the silver level!" said Nie Li"Hundreds?" Ye Xiu eyebrows picked, this power is simply amazing, he immediately shouted to the master behind the wind and snow family, "Get up and take the giant cymbals up"Soon, a Taiwanese giant cyborg was moved to the city wall, and the snow-capped Wicked beasts were still carrying the stone and began a nervous filling.Seeing a group of snow-witted monsters entering nearly three thousand metersPreparing to throw stones, Ye Xiu quickly pulled up the giant cricket and shot a bolt at a distance.Arrows drew a long arc in the sky as a black gold spiritThis point is a trivial measure for him.Arrows landed in the group of wind and snow monsters. The blood bomb exploded and the blood fell into the sky.The terrible thing about blood bomb jars is that after killing a few monsters, the blood of Wicked Animals can also follow the explosion.And then triggering a chain explosionThe greater the size of the Wicked beast, the more pronounced the effectHundreds of Wicked and Snow Wicked beasts were broken into pieces, and none of them were left.However, this blood explosion bottle does not damage the golden monsters.Everyone was stunned to see this scene. This thing is even more horrible than just the explosion.When the snow-and-witch monsters want to throw huge stones, they have to be close to a distance of almost three kilometers, but the range of the giant elk is five kilometers or even farther.An arrow flies up to the skyAs the army of Wyvern fell towards the wind and snow, it immediately triggered a series of blood explosions.The snow and snow monsters were suddenly attacked, and they were irritated. They roared up and rushed up. Some gold-level snow-and-witch monsters were not destroyed by blood bombs and rushed up and started lifting their stones against the glory. City ThrowingA block of stones flew toward the city of glory, and those gold-class and black-gold-class strongmen quickly lifted their great swords and slashed against those rocks, breaking a lot of boulder in the air.There are also some boulders falling down, and instantly turning over a lot of city guardsFortunately, it was only a small amount of boulders that flew over, if there wasn’t such a horrible thing as blood bombs.It is estimated that the shining city will not be swallowed up by the stones of heaven.The battle is fiercely anxious, and the waves of blood and blood in the army of Wicked Snow and Wicked beasts are pulsing. Afterwards, there are tens of thousands of wind and snow monsters that are killed in an instant.After several rounds of fierce fighting, the wind and snow monsters could not resistAnother few kilometers backThe City of Glory took the absolute upper hand for the first time facing the tidal wave. Before facing the tidal wave, it was often broken through the city walls, and then in the city, numerous houses were destroyed, and hundreds of thousands of casualties were considered minor.This time, the number of people who died so far was only a few thousand, and the number of serious injuries was only 10,000. This is simply incredible.These are the credits of Nie Li. Without Nie Li's things, whether or not the City of Glory can keep it is a problem.The black and white beasts in the mighty army of the snow and snow demons could no longer hold back. They rushed furiously and rushed toward the wall. The giant figure shuddered on the ground.Ordinary monsters can't even get close to the city walls. They can only do it themselves.A huge, huge, up to ten or twenty meters monster animal is like a mobile fortress. Several blood bombs fall on them, and they burst open. They are unscathed.These black gold level monsters are running very fast, and they have already reached the wall within a short time.Seeing this scene, senior members of various families such as Ye Zong, Ye Xiu, and Hu Yanxiong suddenly took out their big swords and stood ready to fight.A black gold-level Wicked monster leaped into the air, flew down the wall, and threw a big block of the wall. Hundreds of City Guards screamed at him, and the five black gold-class strongmen hurriedly flounced. From the sword, rushed toward the black gold monster.Hey, there was a fierce melee on the wallAfter the black and white gold monsters fell to the sky and fell, some landed on the wall and some flew directly into the city.In the City of Lights, all the black gold elites rushed up and five or six people besieged a black and gold monster. A fierce melee occurred."Retire, retreat!" Some people who were repaired by a low-level person were directly attacked by black gold monsters and flew out of tens of meters.The walls have collapsed in several places, and the houses inside the walls have been constantly collapsed by the huge body of black gold monsters.These black gold wind and snow monsters are very tough. Their bodies are just like the steel castings. Even the attack of black gold levelers only hurts their skin."Take them to the main direction of the city!" Ye Zong Shen said, "Ye Xiu, you are here to be responsible for directing!" After saying Ye Zong also ran outAlthough Shen Hong hesitated, but also raised the sword to fly outAlthough the sacred family was suppressed, after all, they did not tear their faces with the family of Feng Xue. The family of Feng Xue had not yet found an excuse to extinguish the sacred family. Shen Hong’s effort was still to be done.A dozen black gold monstersLike a moving fortress, it is ruinedNie Li vaguely saw that these black gold wind and snow Wicked offensive line is not completely absurd, led by one of the snow tyrannosaurus giant, that blizzard giant python is the key to all snow and snow monsters ! MindfulnessNie Li’s humanity to Du Ze and Lu Piao and others: “You stay here to guard the city wall!” Nie Li followed up in the direction of the snow-capped giant python.The blizzard giant is very powerful and is only one line away from the legendary power. It has continuously hit the three black gold powerhouses on the glorious city side.It is also estimated that this snow-capped giant is the strongest, Ye Zong slams and smashes the black scale land dragon, rushing towards the giant snow blizzard.Two powerful forces hit each other and radiated with strength. The scattered ripples directly crushed the surrounding houses.The tyrannosaurus giants roared and attacked Ye Zong. The terrible momentum seemed to smash Ye Zong into pieces.Ye Zong suddenly fell into a bitter struggleShen Hong also attacked the wind and snow giant swordHowever, he did not make every effort to confront the tyrannosaurs. On the contrary, he occasionally turned his gaze to Ye Zong from time to time. If Ye Zong was killed by the typhoon, it would be perfect.Nie Li hides in the dark and sees this scene.Shen Hong this guy, want to plot behind the Ye Zong! The giant palm of the snow-capped giants madly beat Ye Zong. Ye Zong can only use the physical strength to fight hard. Under that horror like a storm-like attack, his mouth is overflowing with a trace of blood.This blizzard giant is too strong! Shen Hong smirked at the corner of his mouth. Although Ye Zong’s strength was strong, he was obviously not as good as the wind and snow giant. It was estimated that this wave of attacks was enough for Ye Zong’s.If you allow Blizzard to destroyI do not know how many residents of the City of Glory will suffer, and Ye Zong did not have a way out. However, SHEN Hung has always been on the sidelines, so Ye Zong had to be carefulIt's really hard to get rid of the snowball giants! Ye Zong’s battle and retreat slowly attracted the wind and snow giants to the direction of the main city.The giant snow blizzard saw the root pillar in the direction of the main shrine.What seemed to be aware of it, squeaked loudly, and the black gold-class Wicked Animals that were close to the city's main house also withdrew and came back.Is it that these snow giants see what? The wise monster is terrible! Ye Zong yelled and sneaked out his sword and tried to drive the giant snow dragon to the direction of the main city.After all, the demons are unable to move, and Ye Zong can’t help.The blizzard smashed the attack of Ye Zong Jian Qi. Regardless of the wound on the body, he yelped and rushed forward.The huge body of the blizzard giant hit Ye Zong’s body. Ye Zong was knocked out and flew out of dozens of meters. Wow blew out a piece of blood.“You are all right, Lord of the City, are you okay?” Shen Hong is trying to be close to Ye Zong.Ye Zong stared at the fierce lights, clasped the sword in his hand, looked at Shen Hong, Shen Hong would not dare to approach, although Ye Zong was injured, but the strength is still very strong, Shen Hong did not dare rashAfter the snow-capped giants hit Yezong, they were even more ferocious. They knocked down a piece of construction and rushed toward Ye Zong."Shen Hong does not have the good intentions of this guy. If it goes on like this, the situation is very dangerous. I must first think of ways to kill the snow-capped giant!" Hide Nie in the dark and come up with a legendary scroll and direct the finger Bite, a few drops of blood dripping on the legendary scroll, saw a blazing red light, suddenly emergedThis red light quickly burst into a huge fireballFiery air waves, swirling and sweeping, like to melt everything around everything“Legend forbidden, Yan Blast Flames!” Nie Li Shen uttered a cry, eyes condensate, I saw Yan Blast flame crossed a long arc in the air, toward the snowstorm giant lasing awayThe Blizzard Giants were dealing with Ye Zong. He caught a huge fireball and shot it from behind him. It immediately wanted to dodge and tumble, but this fireball was like a bone with bones and turned in the air.Roar! The blizzards send angry arrogance, condensing a thick ice wallA terrible bang, the power of the explosion of fireballs, Ye Zong, Shen Hong, and other black gold-class strong, can not help but flick backward body dozens of metersOnly the aftermath was so terrible, not to mention the center of the explosion. At the moment of contact with the fireball, the ice wall concocted by the snow blizzard was blown apart, and the fireball unimpeded and bombarded the body of the blizzard. The typhoon giant wailed and the whole body flew across the area, smashing numerous houses, and flew hundreds of meters away, crashing a three-story building on the side of the street. Falling down, all covered in blackThe snow-capped giant cries endlessly, smashing the legendary ban, causing it to suffer serious injuries.The power of terror! Could it be that Ye Momo is back? Shen Hong suddenly became scaredSuch a horrible legendary curse, I am afraid at least the legendary strong, can be released to come out, fortunately he did not attack the Ye Zong, otherwise, the secret of the legendary might have let him dead! Ye Zongzhuo lived in his chest and slowly climbed up. Just now that terrible legendary curse, he was also terrified. He looked at the darkness next to him, but he saw nothing but the legendary powerhouse. Can you release just such a horrible legendary curse! Is it his father? Wrong, the father and father have been practicing the practice of snow and snow, and it is impossible to release such a horrible fire legend.Who else can release such a legendary curse in this shining city? Ye Zong suddenly thought of one person. Is it the master of Nie Li? The hidden strong man? Thought of this, Ye Zong will be relieved. It is very likely that the strong man shot and saved himself. If it is the strong man's shot, it is definitely a matter of honour. The glorious city has another legendary level. Patron Saint! With Nie Li’s relationship with the deaf children, if the bright city of the future is difficult, the strong person will definitely help him.In fact, after the legendary banishment curse was released, Nie Lie was quietly swept away after Ye Feng’s giant sturdy bombardment. As long as Ye Zong is fine, he doesn’t show up, and Shen Hong’s heart will definitely be afraid of it. Zong shot, then Ye Zong can also be absolutely safe! Shen Hong looked at Ye Zong and his eyes drifted away. Then he smiled slyly and grinned: “You're all right, Lord of the City, are you okay?” “Thank you, my brother, I care. I’m fine."Ye Zong glanced at Shen Hong and said lightly(To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience