The secret divisions of the Holy Family and the Dark Society must all find ways to get rid of them. Otherwise, they will become the brunt of the glorious city.※% ※%, Nie Li Shen took a moment and said: "It's better to find a time. In the name of the city, the father-in-law invites the masters of all families to come to the city.It is said that the animal tsunami has reached the point where it has to be controlled.After summoning up, the rest of the matter is left to Ye Xiulian to solve it. There are 10,000 demons, and there are other families who can help. Those who do not believe in the sacred family can go where they go.During the banquet, the father-in-law brought people to clear the dark guild branch, and sent a small group of people to sacred families who had no masters."After hearing Nie Li's words, Ye Zong nodded and said:" This is indeed a good way, but how to do it will be discussed! Seeing the expression of Ye Zong, Nie Li knew that Ye Zong would have had some plansThe three people discussed various things and negotiated for a long timeThe glorious city of calm, surging, no one knows what kind of big event will happen in the next glorious city.Before Nie Li appeared at Shenglan College, he wanted to lead a snake out of the hole. However, he did not expect that people who did not bring about a holy family attracted a Ye Han and Ye Han battle, making Nie Li famous throughout Shenglan College. Noisy, but later, Nie Lifan broke into the world of black prison and disappeared for dozens of days. The entire Shenglan College left only legends about Nie Li.In recent days, Nie Li and others have appeared in the Shenglan College, where the libraries and other places have been visited.After the first appearance, he was again called by Yan Yan, if he chased and escaped Tibet, running around the world.“Lord, we just received the news. Nie left the boy again and stayed in the Holy Land College every day.It’s just not imperious"A middle-aged guard wearing a gray coat, kneeling in front of Shen Hong body"Hey, let this kid proud of a period of time!" Shen Hong sneered and cried. "Wind & Snow's family couldn't find evidence for us colluding with the Dark Guild. We sent this kid out to draw us on the hook. We want to expose our sacred family." This little trickIt's too small to see my holy familyNotice goes, everyone stays for me and nothing is allowed! ""YesThe middle-aged guard replied respectfully.Shen Hong sat in a high chair, fingers slowly tapping the handrail, although the Holy Family was suppressed by the family of wind and snow, but the foundation is still, Wind Snow family want to remove the sacred family, it would have to prevent The sacred family took a biteAccording to the original plan, the Dark Society will inspire a large-scale animal tsunami after two yearsAt that time, the city of glory will be swallowed up. When that time, the sacred family will take the lead in exiting the city of glory and retreat into the safety of the ancestral ancestral mountains. After the tide of the beasts, they will move into the world of black prison with the dark guild.Shen Hong is one of the few people who knows the existence of the black prison world.As the family of wind and snow began to suppress the sacred family recently, the Dark Society has prepared to instigate a small animal tsunami immediately. This small animal tsunami will allow the family of wind and snow to take care of the sacred family and give the Holy Family a chance to breathe! Almost a few daysThe animal tide will hit the shining cityShen Hong did not know that the family of Feng Xue had already mastered the evidence of the sacred family's secret contact with the Dark Society.The reason why Nie Li continued to wander around Shenglan College was only to let the sacred family relax.Nie Li and others quietly practiced in Ye Zixuan's other courtyards. Nie Li understood that whether it is a sacred family or a dark guild, there are many masters, and his current cultivation is still far from enough.Especially the dark guild, the dark guild has been operating for so many years, and it certainly hides many powerful masters.The current Nie Li and others are still only about one star of gold, and the strongest segment of sword isInstead, it has reached the level of the black gold one star, and with the superior body, the ordinary black gold master, may not be able to do off paragraph swordNie Li continues to refine the crystal of red bloodThe night was cool and the water could not sleep in the room. Ye Zi went to the yard. Nie Li was practicing in the yard.Ye Zixuan looked at him quietly and for a moment, he was a stranger. It was always so elusive, sometimes like a child, and sometimes she was calm and calm, and she and Nie had been between them. What is the relationship? Ye Ziyan is also a bit confusedThe bright moonlight shines on her, making her like a fairy in the moonlight, holy and beautiful.Feeling the breath of Ye Zixuan, Nie Li’s heart was particularly safe.A few days later, the castle townYe Zong’s top leaders are planning how they should act in the past few days to encircle the sacred family and the dark guild branch. Suddenly, a black and gold class elders rushed in and rushed in.“The Lord of the Landlords is not good. We have discovered the beasts in hundreds of miles, and we are approaching our city of glory. Within five hours, we will reach our shining city."The elders said in a hurryHearing this elders, Ye Zong suddenly stood up and his face was slightly heavy. They were preparing to deal with the Holy Family. They did not expect that the Dark Guild had first started. This beast was definitely inspired by the Dark Guild."How is the size of the animal boom?" Ye Zong asked“The appearance of millions of people, mostly ordinary and bronze monsters, some silver, gold, and a few black gold levels, have not been found at the legendary level."The elders said,Hearing these words, Ye Zongzhong was relieved a bit, and the million-dollar tidal wave, the City of Light still had a certain ability to resist, especially the legendary Wicked beast was not found in the Beast, if there is a legendary Wicked Beast , it would be troublesomeHowever, it cannot be taken lightly, after all, it is an animal tide! After destroying countless empirees and killing countless mighty people, the civilization of the tribe suddenly fell. The city of glory was almost destroyed, and they knew the horrors of the beastly tide."Immediately sounded the alarm and the city was on alert!"Soon, the rushing bell resounded throughout the city of gloryWhen I heard the bell, the City of Lights became bright and bright.Nie Li suddenly opened his eyes and he naturally would not forget the bell. Two years after his death, it was when the bell rang.Nie looked at the city of glory with a terrible disaster“Sacred family!” Nie was angered and furious. It is reasonable to say that the Beast Breeze broke out two years later. I did not expect that the Holy Family and the Dark Society would not be able to withstand this quickly.Fortunately, the city's main government has a large array of demons and demons. At least one card is enough to save your life. The most unlucky one is also able to retreat into the world of black prison.Better than in previous years"Nie Li, what happened? The beast is coming?" Du Ze, who is practicing next to him, asked Nie Li“Yeah, it's an animal tide!” Nie nodded and nodded. “You call all people together and stay here with Duan Jian. I immediately go to see the Lord of the City!” At this time, whether Xiao Lier or Ye Ziyan, Revealed the color of concern"I'll go with you!" Xiao Liaoer and Ye Zixie said this sentence almost at the same time.“You wait for my news here!” Nie shook his head and turned it into a main hall.Ye Zong, Ye Xiu, and others have already laid stress on the fortifications.Constantly rush to the walls of the cityThe army groups of various families outside have also gathered and stayed outside the hall.“Ye Xiu's master, how big is the scale of this animal tidal wave?” Seeing Ye Zong busy, Nie Li hurriedly asked Ye Xiudao"This time the animal tide is about a million. The most powerful monster that we have discovered is black gold.Ye Xiu saidNie Li was relieved when he heard Ye Xiu’s words.Although it can pose a certain threat to the city of glory, it should not be enough to destroy the city of glory.The glorious cities of the past have encountered, but billions of animal tidal waves! Directly engulfed the city of glory, not even the power of resistance! "What kind of monster animal is the main animal tidal wave?""Yue Xiudao“How long is it until the arrival of the animal tsunami?” “There are still five hours. It is estimated that the first impact is the city wall south of the glorious city.Ye Xiu said he wanted to seeWhat's wrong with Nie Li?"Five hours, time is enough!" Nie Eccentric thought of Ye Xiudao. "Ye Xiu, can you arrange for me to have 500 people?I went to the south wall"" Five hundred people? "Ye Xiu frowned slightly and said," Your current situation is very dangerous, regardless of the Holy Family or the Dark Society, are staring at you! In case you come to attack the city when you are attacking the city, we are also inundated."Nie Li smiled slightly:" I understand the technique of Yi Rong, can be made into other people""What do you want to repair? "" Five hundred ordinary warriors are enough! Nie laughed and smiledHearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Xiu stayed at home. Five hundred ordinary martial artists were used. That is a million animal tide! Perhaps Nie Li’s unique thoughts do not affect the overall situation. Let Nie try for a moment and Ye Xiu thinks for a moment: “OK, I’ll send you a thousand ordinary warriors, how can you frustrate!” I would like to thank Ye Xiu's master!" Looking at the busy Ye Zong, now Ye Zong must have been burned, Nie Li will not go up and say hello, go and start to arrangeThese times, for the residents of the City of Glory, it was a kind of torment.In the long history of the City of Glory, it has experienced many million-year animal beasts. The City of Glory has been destroyed countless times. Although it has been rebuilt every time, it often involves heavy casualties and the population needs to be removed. Seventy-eightUnexpectedly, the tidal wave came againWhat kind of situation this time will be, and nobody knows that there are all-armed city guards on the street and they are rushing to defend the walls.Seeing the hectic scene, the residents all lit up the lights, sitting at home uneasya residential area"Mum, will the Wick come?" a little girl in a commoner glanced at the woman next to him.The woman’s face was pale but she managed to laugh with a smile: “Take it easy, children, whelps will not comeDad will drive off the beast! The woman looked away from the night outside. Her husband was in the city guards. I didn't know this war, how many people would die, and I didn't know if he could return... (To be continued) u