Nie Lie slowly runs the soul force and uses the guidance method to slowly guide the toxins that penetrate into the heart of Ye Zong. Slowly press the heart veins and press them little by little and then guide them. At the left-hand finger, Nie Li took a needle and stuck it at the tip of Ye Zong’s fingertips. Only a trace of black blood flowed out along the wound.A new address to see this scene, whether Ye Ziyan or Ye Xiu, all staredWhat is this spell? Ye Xiu eyes sluggish, Nie Li really able to force the toxin from the Yezong adults out of the body of Ye Zong? Ye Zong adults really have to save? Thought of this, Ye Xiu can not help but ecstatic, Nie Li really gave him a big surpriseNie kept using guided surgery, which took several hours and led to the introduction of toxins from azuki.Rao is Nie Li now has a gold star repair, continuous use of guided surgery for so long, but also tired and pantingHowever, the effect is still more obvious. Although Ye Zong has not yet woken up, his breath is very stable and his heart rate is very stable.After seeing Nie’s exhausted look, Ye Zixuan rushed a pot of water and wrung the towel to Nie to wipe the sweat from his face. Her heart was full of gratitude to Nie Li and it was Nie Li who took Ye Zong from the hands of death. Take it back, otherwise she will lose her father foreverIn the afternoon, she also used to hurt Nie from the language, but Nie still managed to help her unselfishly. Ye Zixuan looked up at Nie Li and looked at Nie’s cheeky, persistent face and his thoughts.She believes that she can give Nie to the child, but now her inner heart is in deep conflict and struggle.Do not know when, Nie gradually walked into her world and became an indispensable irreplaceable person.If Nie Li does not exist today, her father is likely to leave her forever.Knowing that Ye Zong was all right, Ye Xiu immediately took people to search for Ye Han. Ye Han attacked Ye Zong. He completely irritated Ye Xiu.Ye Xia vows to smash the corpseNie Li is continuing to treat Ye Zong"call"After a long time, Nie Li was relieved. Ye Zong was all right, and he looked at the next to Ye Zixuan.Ye Zixuan is holding a cheeky son and stares at him. The gentle and serene appearance makes Nie Li’s heart shake.Seeing that Nie turned away, Ye Zixuan seemed to have found his mindQiaolian became redNie Li smiled slightly. "Your father, he's fine. It won't take long to wake up!" "Thank you, Nie Li."Ye Ziyun's tears wet her eyes." If it weren't for you, I really didn't know what to do! "" As long as it is for you, this matter is nothing! "Nie reminisce about past lives, Ye Zixuan to stop the situation when he Wicked, heart sigh sigh, past life he owes to Ye Ziyan, this life is not finishedFor Ye Zixuan, even if it is dead, Nie Li will never wrinkle his browAs for those noisy things in the afternoon, Nie Li will not care for it at all.Ye Zixuan lowered his head and Beiqin chewed on his lips. He lowered his head and said, "Nie Li, I'm sorry in the afternoon. Although it may be for you, it's just a matter of hand, but for me,You saved my father. I'm willing to do whatever you want me to do.Hearing Ye Zixuan's words, Nie Chengzhen shook with a quiver, instantly reminding him of some of the images of past lives.This little girl is more and more attractive.Ye Zixuan cheeks reddish, the face to the side of Nie away, in Nie Li's face lightly licked, suddenly flushed cheeksNie was a little sluggish and couldn't help but smiled.He gently brought Ye Zixuan overYe Zixuan is docilely lying on Nie Li's chest, only to feel that the heart is staggering, but at this time she feels extra peace, Nie left a generous chest, making her feel a trace of relianceAlthough there are so many guilty in Xiao Xinger in his heart, Ye Zixie has already made a decision in his heart.Silently, the time passed by one minute and one second. Nie Li also had a hard time understanding this beautiful time.The kind of loneliness deep in the bone marrow of past life was soothed at this momentYe Zi's delicate fragrance of the girl was refreshing and refreshing. Nie Li gently stroked the back of Ye Zixuan. The smooth and delicate skin, the slightly fluctuating heartbeat of Ye Zixuan, and the slightly shortness of breath, this was indeed not a dream. I really did. Came back, Zi Yan is really on my side, so closeAfter a moment, Ye Zongyao opened his eyes and saw this scene, he immediately sat up and slapped his hands on Nie Li’s head.Nie Li was suddenly attacked, and he was yelled out in pain. He shouted in anger. “Hey, why did you beat me?” “You still said! I haven’t died yet, dare to bully my daughter here!” Ye Zong’s face Black, clutching Nie's ear"Hey, Ye Zong, you don't know how to be good, and you are ungrateful. Did I save you? You actually beat me!" Nie Li shouted in grief.“Do you want to bully my daughter?” Ye Zongheng groaned"Hey, where did you see I bullied her?" Nie Li looked at him with resentment.“Where did you put your hand?” Ye Zong grunted, picked up the next pillow, “Dare to bully my daughter, see I do not kill you!” See Ye Zong and Nie from the noisy state , I do not know why, Ye Zixuan is filled with a kind of warm feeling, giggled and giggledShe is dressed in a white silk coat and laughs even more.That looks pretty and charming, so that Nie can see stayed“Your kid dared to look!” Ye Zong left the pillow next to Nie Li’s body.Nie suddenly jumped up and glared at Ye Zong. "Ye Zong, you are so unreasonable. You don't look at people. There is no heaven!" "Oh, in the city hall, I am heavenly!" Zong said proudly"You, Ziye, let's go, don't care about this old man!" said Nie Li, looking at Ye Zixuan.Ye Zixi smiled and smiled at Nie Liyu. "Nie Li. His father's injury is not so good yet. I have to stay and take care of him.""Nie can only sit gloomily in the next chairAfter seeing Nie Li’s appearance, Ye Zong’s mouth has revealed a trace of invisible smile. His hand gripped the quilt slightly. At that moment, he thought he was dead and the light in front of him was slowly and slowly. Dissipated, he seemed to hear the cries of his nephew. He struggled hard to get back. He wanted to open his eyes.But how can it not be opened?He was relieved of his nephew, and once he left, he was alone.He prayed in his heart, even if he was given him another dayHe just wanted to take a good look at the nephewHowever, he was so weak that he slowly fell into the terrible darkness.However, his heart has always been worriedAs if the gods heard his prayer, his strength finally returned to his body.He slowly woke up and when he woke up, he even secretly wiped the tears from his eyes. He knew that Nie had saved him.At this time, Ye Zong even wanted to vent his voice loudly and watched Nie gently embrace Ye Zixuan. Suddenly he had the feeling that everyone in the family depended on each other. He couldn't even endure the tranquility. But it is to express the joy of the heart.Ye Zong also gradually liked the feeling of quarrelling with Nie, and few people would slam themselves like Nie Li.This feeling made him feel very close“This time you know that you’re closer?Loss of you as the owner of the city for so many years, even this point is not knowing people, raised a white-eyed wolf, almost sent his life“Nie left her mouth and spokeHearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zong’s expression faded. Ye Han’s heart hurts his heart."Nie Li, father, he is already sad.“ Ye Zi’s eyes look with entreaty, look to Nie LiYe Zong restored Shen Jing. After all, he is the owner of a city. Sometimes his personal feelings are to be set aside.Shen Sheng said, "Ye Han colluded with the dark guild and betrayed the glorious city. Heaven and Earth were not tolerated.No matter who saw him later, kill no one! "Although his heart was aching, he did not hesitate to say this.Nie Yi could not help but feel a sigh. After this one incident, Ye Han really did not tolerate the glorious city. Afterwards, as long as he carefully guards against the cold, this person can."Ye Han, he knows everything about our city government.Maybe you still lurk somewhere and never leave, and you two should be careful to guard against it. You have to take Nie away and go to the treasure house of the Shrine to pick up a few things that are self-defense."Ye Zong said"Father, your body..." Ye Zixi asked with worry"I'm alright. The toxins from agave have all been eliminated."Ye Zong shook his headAround Ye Zong’s room, there are already six black gold guardians, and there is absolutely no problem with security.The city’s main treasure house, Nie can not help but look forward to some of it, the collection of treasures in the castle of the main government, is definitely not a treasure house of the family“Let’s go, Nie Li, I’ll take you to the castle’s treasure house"Ye Ziyi thought for a minute, this time thanks to Nie Li, his father was able to save his life.Ye Zixuan understands his father's meaning. Nie Li learns profound knowledge. Perhaps he can find something from the treasurer of the city. It is also a waste of those things in the treasure house of the city.Looking at Ye Zixie and Nie Li left, Ye Zongcun looked at the back of the two people. For a long time, he sighed long and sighed, eyes staring blankly at the ceiling. Whatever the reason, Ye Han was after all his years A little raised, Ye Han's betrayal made him feel deeply hurt inside.Pain is not something ordinary people can understandCity main government treasure house, old tourWhen Nie Li’s previous life came here, it’s been looted and left empty.But now, only a few hundred meters from the hall, exquisitely filled with treasures everywhere, dazzling and dazzling, fearing that there are as many as tens of millions of pieces."This is one of the treasures of the 18 city owners. It is the most precious things inherited from ancient times."Ye Zixi walks in front, looking back to Nie LiAt the dawn of the Dark Age, countless people fled in the flood of the Beast Flee and fled to the main lands of the city. They brought in treasures from various parts of the Sanyuan Continent. There was no lack of ancient heritage, and eventually they all converged on the treasure house of the city. The(To be continued)