Xiao Ning'er, who has integrated the wind ray tits, proudly looks down at Shen FeiWhat kind of scum do people like Shen Fei have become her husband? Xiao Lier's mind passed a figure in her mind. Her heart is proud. She absolutely refuses to submit to the family's arrangements, and she does not casually become the vassal of others. Only that person can make her willing to rely on her.Shen Fei was dizzy with lightning. He shook his head and tried to stand up, but then a thicker lightning fell.Shen Fei was constantly bombed and flew out. The power of the Chiyan Black Tiger was not completely different from that of the Thunderbird with the God-level growth.Xiao Lier’s grievances accumulated in the past had been vented out of his mind, so he had no mercy on Shen Fei.Shen Fei had not recovered from God and was bombed again and again. The pain of tears left him forgetting where he is now."Xiao Tinger, you dare to shoot me, and my sacred family will never spare you!" At first, Shen Fei was still hard, but with a thunder and lightning relentlessly fell on him, so that his soul is completely Breaking, that piercing pain can no longer withstand"Don't kill me!" Shen Fei cried. As a descendant of the Holy Family, did he ever suffer such abuse? "Dinger's daughter, stop and stop, and then go on, Shen Fei’s son will die.Xiao Yi rushed outXiaolinger was still very angry when he heard about Xiao Yi’s words. His chest continued to undulate, and eventually he calmed down. He did kill Shen Fei. There was no benefit to her and the family of Yilong.Shen Fei was seriously injured. If sent back to the sacred family, the sacred family will never stop.Thought of this, Xiao Tinger’s face paled slightly, and she was just a momentary but she now thought of the consequences. She could not help but be alarmed.By the way, Nie Li, Nie Li will definitely have a way! Only Nie Li can completely ignore the sacred family! Xiao Lier thought of Nie Li at the first timeShen Fei shook his head a little, consciousness was awake, but the whole body was black and blue. The fierce pain made him scream, and the flaming black tiger spirit quickly returned to the soul.He was motionless, lying there and pretending to be dead. At this time, he dared to have any words. Xiao Ning'er shot without mercy. He worried that Xiao Ning'er, a woman who was insane and killed him directly, would be regarded as a sacred family. Help him find back the game, he is also deadOne thing that I do not understand is why Shaw's strength is so strong! “Come on, send Shen Feizi back!” Xiao Yunfeng Shen Sheng said"Wait, Shen Fei's son suffered such a heavy injury. If we don't treat it, we'll send it back. I'm afraid it's not right. When this time the Holy Family blames it..." Xiao Yi said hurriedly.Xiao Yunfeng took a look at Xiao Yi and ordered the side guards to order: “Bring him back to the sacred family!” “Yes!” The few guards responded with respect and gave Shen Fei the same lift as the dead pig."My father, my daughter is in trouble?" Xiao Ting'er recalled the wind and thunderbolt demon spirit, his face paled slightly, and said a little nervously."Dinger's daughter, you know, this will give us a great deal of catastrophe!" Xiao Yi said with a grimaceXiao Yunfeng shook his head and said, "Dinger, go back and continue to practice. The heavens are falling down and we're old people.The sacred family is now being suppressed by the family of wind and snow, and it is impossible for us to take action against our family of dragons for the time being. Let's look at the situation again after some time! ""OkXiao Ninger nodded and she made a decision. If the sacred family really wanted to suppress the family of pterosaurs, she would go to Nie Li and Nie Li must be able to cope! Xiao Yunfeng was so determined that Xiao Yi et al. were a bit helpless. Can only pray in the heart, the sacred family should not pursue this matterWhen Shen Hong knew that Shen Fei was beaten up, he was furious and the entire hall was filled with the sullen atmosphere of Shen Hong, making the guards tremble.“Say you let you stop a little, you do not listen, but also to find Yilong family, was killed!” Shen Hong scolded Shen Fei lying in a reclining chairShen Fei's look of bitterness said: "Father, Xiao Liner was my fiancee, but he ran off to hook other men. How could you tolerate me? The family of Feng Xue suppressed us. It was a small one. The Pterosaur family did not take us into our eyes! How could our sacred family ever be used? Daddy, you see how Xiao Lier's stinky woman beat me so badly. You have to help me find justice!” For farsightedness, even if a woman could beat her, it was a waste! Now the family of snowballs is staring at us. We can't take action to deal with the dragon's family. If we can't bear it, we can make a big deal. When we solve the family , I am afraid that Xiao condensate children do not worry about it?” Shen Hong glanced at Shen Fei, he really hate iron is not a steel ah, “Yilong family account sooner or later, but not now!” “I... ..."Shen Fei looked frustrated, but he was angry but Xiao Ninger was mixed with Nie Liyu, but he could only be depressed and said, "I know!" He understood that he was a white horse.How couldn't he think that he couldn’t even beat Xiao Lian’er?Seeing Shen Fei's crestfallen look, Shen Hong's eyes flashed over Hanmang. He did not expect that even Xiao Ning'er who was close to Nie had practiced to this level. It seemed that Nie was inseparable. After all, they were sacred. Family's grief! Ye Ziyan's other homes, where flowers and flowers, deep courtyard is particularly quietBefore he was driven out, Nie Li returned and lived again. This time, Zi Zi no longer dared to drive out Nie.Because Ye Zixuan also found out, this city house seems to be inseparable from Nie Li.Nie left, his father’s face seemed to have more smileXiao Ning'er rushed in."Dinger, you are here"Seeing Xiao Ninger, Ye Zixuan thought of those things he had done last night and couldn't help but feel a bit hot on the cheeks. Although there was a bit of guilt in her heart, now she also understands the truth that feelings cannot be pushed back and forth."Ok"Xiao Tinger saw Xiao Tinger and nodded his head. Nie Li likes Ye Zixuan. Xiao Ning'er gradually accepts this reality. She has no resentment in her heart, she has no choice but to be lost."After all, there is nothing wrong with Ye Zixuan. The only thing wrong is that he did not come across Nie Li early and walk into the world of Nie Li.“Dinger, how did you come?” Nie Li saw Xiao Ning'er and smiled and said hello.“Nie Li, Shen Fei went to my house and was seriously injured by me. Then my father sent me back to the Holy Family."Xiao Tinger's brow flashes with a touch of anxiety and saysAfter hearing Xiao Lian'er's words, Nie divorced, and then he laughed and said, "Shen Fei is really bad. He was abandoned by me last time. He actually went to you, like him. It's better to beat him up and it's better to lie down for a few years!" "Nie Li, the sacred family will surely find trouble for our wing family."Xiao Tinger frowned and looked at Nie Li bitterly. It was all this time. How did Nie Li gloat?After seeing Xiao Ninger’s sad look, Nie Yi waved his hand and smiled: “You don’t have to worry. The sacred family can't help themselves. Where do they have spare capacity to deal with the Yilong family? And we’re going to start working on the Holy Family. You Relax your heart"Hands-on to the sacred family? Xiao Ning'er is slightly surprised. After all, the sacred family is one of the three great peak families in the glorious city."However, when he heard Nie Li’s words, Xiao Ninger was relieved. She knew that Nie Li would not lie to her.For a few days in a row, the city of glory was exceptionally quiet, except for the fact that the walls in all directions were more closed than before, nothing changed.Due to the recent raid of the Beast Breeze, the city’s alertness in the City of Glory was also normal. No one felt surprisedThe day of the banquet finally arrivedAs the night approached, the city’s principal residences were brightly lit, and a wave of guests entered the city’s main residence. These were all masters from various families. Each family had come to hundreds of people.Because the city’s main government noticed, all the masters of various families were required to obtain the field.The sacred family lined up with five or six hundred people and entered the city’s main residence. Shen Hong looked at the huge pillars that towered around the city’s main palace. The expression was slightly gloomy and dignified.These huge pillars, how terrible they are, they have already seen it.Before the trolls in the abyss, they were killed by the mines.Shen Hong said something in the ear of an old man. The old man nodded and quickly hid in the densely-constructed buildings of the city's main government.Afterwards, Shen Hong and his staff marched along the promenade to the main hall in the main palace."Nie Li, do you think I'm pretty in this dress?" Hu Yanlan was dressed in a gorgeous evening dress. The figure was hot, and the plump on his chest formed an amazing arc. She turned in front of Nie Li. BodyYoung people of the same age all watched, and if Huyan Lan could allow them a pro-Ze, they would be willing to die.Nie shivered silently at Hu Yanlan's eyes and said, "What a beautiful, beautiful girl has nothing to do with me, I say Miss Huyan, why do you always follow me? You see that I'm a tattered dress, obviously a poor man. Boy, what did you think of me?” “You look a bit too mundane and your clothes are poor, but from your eyes, I can tell you are a good man.And who can you say that your talent is bad now in the whole city of glory? You are totally different from the same sons who are flies every day."Huyan Yan proudly raised his face and solemnly said," I think people are very accurate! "Nie turned his eyes, he never thought he was so good, depressed and authentic:" Miss Hu Yan, you rekindled me, I want to be called! Can you let me go, I've asked you"" Nie Li, I'm not good in the end. I'm the granddaughter of the family. How many people want to save me? Why don't you just look down on me? "If Hu Yan Lan gritted his teeth, said discouragedly, how many people have turned around her, why did Nie Li turn a blind eye to her?" Miss Huyan Yan, I beg you not yet? What did you think of me? Didn't I change it? "Nie left a hard faceAlthough Huyan Lan has a hot temperament, it is definitely the top five beautiful woman in the city of glory. How many people want to speak to her is hard, if Yan Yan likes to pursue her Nie Li, the result will be Nie Li. It's not easy to get rid of God, and it makes many family members look stunnedThe hearts of many family members are so depressed. Why was the person he was pursuing in Yanlan not himself? If they were to change to other people, they would surely go up and learn lessons. Even Miss Hu Yan dared to offend her. She was just bored with her, and she was able to show her in front of her favorite goddess. However, the other party was Nie Li. They could not dare to. From the sacred family, Shen Fei is a daredevil guy! They are too late to hide"Nie Li, you...too much, I hate you!" Hu Yan Lan ran into tears and turned away.If you see Huyan Lan ran away, Nie was relieved that this was my breath. My mother, if she was yanked by Lan Yan, I could not shake it off.In Nie Li’s opinion, if Hu Yan Lan is only a passing guest in his life after all, Hu Yan’s may not have much sincere feelings towards him. Sometimes he is driven by curiosity, just like Nie Li’s and Ye Zi’e’s past lives. The relationship between life and death is too far away.Nie Li’s mind for Ye Zixuan has never changed. Like Huyan Lanruo, it still hides far and far.As long as Hu Yan Lan does not come to find himself, Nie Li can burn high-spirited(To be continued)