"What did Ye Yan's ancestor found?"△, “In the past, there were some major discoveries. The place where the original Dark Society was hidden was a very deep crypt, which was huge. I only searched a small part and discovered some cavemen. And the dark elf's trace, not too deep, returned."Ye Yeh's ancestors said with deep eyes that he completely did not expect that this ancestral ancestral mountain range still hides such an underground world.""Crypts? Cave dwellers and dark elves?" Nie Li slightly frowned, troglodytes are some humanoids, they are hidden all the year round, the eyes have been completely destroyed and useless, like humans, has a unique exchange Language, Nie Li still knows the caveman's language.As for the dark elves, they are also humanoid creatures. They are good at all kinds of dark magic and are always lurking in the darkness. They are born assassins.Nie Liyuan thought that the Dark Society was only hiding in a valley in the mountains. It did not expect that it was hidden in a vast underground world.Nie Li is curious about the underground world"First solve the sacred family and the dark guild's branch. Then go and see below!"I do not know the demon master who is in charge of the Dark Guild. What kind of person is she? Nie Li understands that he will have a battle with the mysterious demon master sooner or later.Only by finding the demon master and killing it will it be truly destroying the dark guild! Back in Ye Zixuan's other homes, Nie Li and Ye Zixuan began their submergence repairs. They quietly waited for the advent of the war three days later. They occasionally went to see Ye Zong.After eating all kinds of immortality, Ye Zong’s body quickly recovered to a peak, but Ye Zong has not appeared yet.The proprietor of the city declared that Ye Zong was sick and recuperated, but he did not accept any guests for the time being.“My brother, Ye Han has heard news from him. Ye Zongzhong’s toxin from Aragula canadensis will surely die!” Shen Xi looked up and looked at Shen Hong.There is a kind of color in the eyelid that can't hide the excitement"Are you sure that Ye Han's lie? Is that kid sent by Ye Zong?" Shen Hong walked back and forth a few steps. He frowned and Ye Zong died of poisoning. He always felt that Ye Zong didn't die so easily! "He shouldn't lie. Ye Han has got a lot of evidence from us. He can't deceive us.That night, the city's main government was brightly lit. Ye Xiu took the expert to find Ye Han several times. When Ye Han fled, he also killed several guards, presumably not going to fake! "Shen Xiu said with a smile"OkIf you kill the guards, then it's not ten."Shen Hung nodded his head, and this person Ye Zong, false and false, women's benevolence, will not play with the life of the guards, Ye Han said that it should be true," News from the city's main house came over there, Ye Zong illness recuperationIt is very possible that the news of Yezong’s violence will be covered for the time being, so as not to upset people’s heartsHowever, the city’s main government said that all the families of all families must be summoned in the evening after nine days.By then, the news of Yezong’s fierceness would have been unreliable! "Ye Zong, you and I fought for so many years. In the end, I was the real winner!" "Shen Hong laughed and went crazy"Congratulations to my brother"Shen Xiu can't help but reveal a charming smile, and asked:" After that nine days of assembly, do we participate or not? ""participateOf course, to participate in this wonderful moment, how can we be absent? "Shen Hong said with a sneer“What did you do with that cold?” Shen Xiu thought for a moment and asked“Arrange him out of the city and let the dark guild meet him!” Shen Hong thought for a moment.The original leaf was no longer necessary, but Ye Hanxiu was a good talent, and he became the enemy of the wind and snow family. "Okay, I'll arrange it immediatelyShen Xi immediately noddedIn the other courtyard of Ye Zixuan, Nie Li sat quietly on a stone and condensed his soulHe constantly reviewed his past and present lives. In his previous life, he was afraid of this and hid in Tibet. Although he finally cultivated to a very high level, his life was so unsuccessful.When relatives and friends were killed, when he learned, they could not even find the enemy.When he wanted to live in peace, he found himself alone, and he was suffocated even when he was cry out.In the end, in the battle with the Holy Emperor, Nie looked at countless people and was killed. Nie was unable to return to heaven.Finally died, although unwilling, but also relievedUntil he died, Nie did not understand why he was alive.When he awoke, he discovered that he had been brought to the world by the Book of Demon Spirits.This world’s Nie Li will no longer be as thin as before. He is practicing heaven and gods, and he will have to march forward until he reaches the peak of martial arts.Nie kept absorbing the essence of the crystal of red blood, and soon reached the peak of the golden two star, steadily towards the gold Samsung.The crystal of red blood is a wonderful thing that even the legendary strongmen are very rare. Generally, the gold-level strong cannot dare to use too much, because the refinery cannot, but Nie Li has no scruples, and the massive soul power rushes into the soul sea. In the process, it nourishes the vines that form the body, making it more stout. At the same time, it nourishes the Shadow Demon Spirit and the Tiger Tooth Panda, causing a dramatic transformation of the Shadow Demon Spirit and the Tiger Fang Panda.An overbearing breath, overflowing from Nie Li's body, revolves around Nie Li, forming a fierce whirlpoolAt this time, the other part of the garden, Duan Jian, who is undergoing repairs, suddenly opened his eyes, and after he had acquired many cultivation resources and some tactics from Nie Zuo, his repairs had progressed by leaps and bounds. Reached the peak of the Black Gold Two Star, with his flesh strength, it is estimated that even the legendary warriors met him and would have a very bad headache.However, he felt the slightest pressure from Nie’s body.All along, in his mind, Nie Li is a very mysterious person. Although he is younger than he, he is omniscient for everything.At the same time, his body was dripping with dragon blood, his perception was very acute, and the surging dragon blood told him that Nie Li's strength was far beyond his imagination.In addition to gratitude, he is also willing to follow Nie away sincerely, because Nie is like the sun, illuminating him and guiding him so that he will not feel confused and fearful.After a few days, a war will occur. Nie Li will have to prepare in advanceAlthough there are many life-saving treasures, Nie Li does not dare to underestimate the strength of the sacred family. After all, it is a large family that has passed on for thousands of years and will surely have a lot of cards.Nie Li is ready to meet this war.When Nie Li concentrated on cultivation, he suddenly felt a familiar atmosphere.He smiled slightly at the corner of his mouth. He was purple and he opened his eyes.Ye Ziyan still stagnates a few meters awayNie can not help but smile: "What are you looking for in me?" Ye Zixuan apologetically looked at Nie from the road: "Nie Li, before I said a lot of hurtful words, but you do not care about it, saved my father, I ... ..." "Nothing"Nie left her hand and laughed," he said, "I don't know why you said that."But I understand that you are not the kind of person. This is enough"Ye Ziyi has tears in her eyes. She thought that Nie will not forgive her.Before she was really scared, her father was almost away from her, she did not know what to doNie's kindness, I am afraid I can’t pay off in this lifetime"Nie Li, thank you"Ye Ziyun bites the beak teethWatching Nie Li said, the voice fallsHer cheeks are already red"Ok“Nie left and nodded. He always felt that Ye Zixuan was a bit wrong, but what exactly was the situation?”Ye Ziyan hurried into his room with his head downNie Li looked at the back of Ye Zixuan, and she scratched her head blanklyDo not understand a bit, just do not want toNie Li returned to his room, closed the door and continued to consolidate the gods of heaven. It is estimated that he will soon be able to impact the Samsung level.The night is getting deeper and the moonlight leaks in front of Nie's bedNie Li sat quietly on the siteThe door blew openNie Li opened her eyes and saw Ye Zixuan walk in. She wore a veil and outlined a graceful body. The delicate white cheeks seemed particularly touching in the beautiful moonlight.Seeing this scene, Nie’s eyes are straightAt the moment, Ye Zixuan's cheeks are red and it looks a bit shy.The veil slowly falls, and the innocent ** looks like a beautiful jadeSuch as the waterfall of the purple hair spilled down, exquisite face, eyebrows picturesque, like a fairy is generally holy and nobleThe slender, tight leg and the jade foot that holds a grip are both visibly swaying"Aquila, you..." Even if Nie was away, when he saw this scene, he couldn't help but feel a bit of a dry mouth. After all, he stood in front of him, but his favorite person, although she is now, is not as charming as before. , but there is a different kind of beautiful pretty"Nie Li, Ding Er is a good girl. You can't live up to her.You don’t believe in my kindness, I only give myself to you"Ye Zi-yin clenched her lips and seriously said," I listened to Xue Xi and said, "You guys like to never get it, and if you do, you don't cherish it."After today, we will only be friends! "Ye Ziyan lowered her head and walked a few steps forward. She got into Nie Li's bed. She was very nervous and she trembled slightly."When I saw this scene, I heard Ye Zixuan's words. Nie shook her head and shook her head with a smile. This kind of stupid girl and emotions could not be shied away. It is no wonder Although Xue Yan likes Ye Zong’s father Ye Zong, he cannot always go further.Ye Zi huddled in bed, and thought that Nie Li would come in. The heart was like a small rabbit leaping around. Although he was a family boy, he had heard of both men and women, but he experienced personal experiences. Not quite the same, she was already determined, but when she arrived, she could not help but be scared.In the heart of Nie Li, Ye Zixuan was full of tenderness. After thinking about it, he lay down beside Ye Zixuan's head and put his head on both hands, but he did not get into the quilt and smiled and said: “I love you, it is impossible. The things that change, like condensate, I can't change her mind! But there is one point, for you, even if I'm willing to pay for everything"Nie left to think about the moment when he passed away.Ye Zixuan and others for a long time, but found that Nie Li was just lying down with her by a layer of quilt, lying down together, her heart was finally put downListening to Nie Li's words, Ye Zixuan's eyes began to calm down from panic and nervousness. A drop of tears glided down her white cheeks. She could not understand why she was so deeply attached to herself.Both did not speak and they could hear each other's breathing for a while.The atmosphere of Nie’s body gradually made her feel at ease and practical.Gradually, Ye Ziyun fell asleep in the past.Nie turned away and looked at Ye Zixuan's beautiful cheeks. It was peaceful and peaceful. If she could continue to look at her like this, she would grow up with her, grow up with her, and grow old. How goodYe Ziyan is still too young now(To be continued) u