Readx (); The horizon gradually lit white, Ye Zixi finally woke up, Nie Li has been sitting on the futon in front of the bed to practice, thought of yesterday's crazy move, Ye Ziyan cheeks hot, looking at the back of Nie Li, Ye Zixi Do not know how to face Nie fromHey, she quietly put on her clothes. When she was ready to put on her clothes, Nie suddenly turned and smiled a little. “You awake?” Ye Zixuan suddenly stayed on the spot. Her clothes were not dressed yet, but her hands couldn't hide her Nie away from the hot line of sight: "Nie Li, you this pervert..." Ye Ziyan lifted her pillow and fled towards Nie Li.Ye Ziyi's clothes are messy, but he hasn't put on a good pair of clothes and squeezes a pair of rich, more temptation, flat and smooth belly, and a white arm, which makes him extraordinarily attractive.Nie quickly seized her pillow and took a stern look: “Who didn't wear anything last night, I went to bed and drilled, actually said I was a pervert...” The corner of his mouth couldn't conceal his smile, and he could hardly see Ye Zixuan grasping it. Mad look"I..." Ye Zixuan felt that she was almost faceless. She was actually what she did last night. She would actually do such a thing. “If Nie Li, if you dare to mention something last night, I will ignore you. !” Looking at Ye Zi’s shy little daughter's gesture, Nie couldn't help but smile and shrugged and said, “I will not mention it!” Ye Zixuan put on clothes, and then he blushed out of the room in Nie’s room. It's a little bit of a misfortune.She thought that Nie Li, like other boys, got what she wanted and would lose interest in her. She also repaid the love of Nie Li.But unexpectedly, Nie was sleeping next to her across the quilt.Ye Zixi is a little confusedWhy Nie Li likes her so much, far more than Ding Er, it is reasonable to say that he spent more time with Ding Er and experienced moreThis mystery haunts herBut in any case, Nie saved her father and if one day wanted her to repay this kindnessShe will not hesitateAfter Xiao Ning'er came back from the main shrine, he recuperated and his body quickly improved, and repairs showed signs of a breakthrough.I have to say that the strength of the wind-winged pterosaurs is shocking, and her repairs have already progressed to the golden two star and are ready to move towards gold-star Samsung.Every day, the sea of ​​souls is madly absorbing the power of the surrounding souls.Hard to imagineNie Li gave her a clue as to what it was like. Xiao Ning'er had a feeling that there was a wind and thunder and it was a simple matter to break through to the black gold level. Even if it breaks to the legendary level, it does not seem difficult.Xiao Ning'er gazed out of the window quietly and her brain once again showed a glorious confident smile from Nie.She can't help but smile, but now what does Nie do in the end? MissHomeowners let you pass"A hustle rushed into the road"OkXiao Xing nodded and headed toward the conference hallPterosaur Family HouseXiao Yunfeng and the six elders were all there. They saw Xiao Ning'er come in. The six elders got up and showed a smile that was polite and courteous to Xiao Geling.Xiao Ning'er remembered the circumstances in which the six elders forced themselves.Face cold, no trace of expression, looked to the top of the Xiaoyun Feng, asked: "Father, what are you looking for me?" The six elders see Xiao condensate too lazy to take care of themselvesI couldn't help but chuckle, but now even if they have a bad temper, they have to endure it.They have already got the exact news. Xiao Ning'er has already entered the golden level and has already had two stars of gold. This speed is simply the first person of the Pterosaur family. He will continue to practice at such a speed. I am afraid the legendary realm is just around the corner.Where are they still dare to disrespect a future legendary power? Xiao Yunfeng looked at the elders and looked at Shaw's children again. He couldn't help but feel the emotions in his heart. Before he got married, He Gong, they were so fond of children before, it's no wonder that Dinger was too lazy to care for them now."Dinger, we negotiated it. Our old guys are already old. I want to pass on the position of the owner to you. You see..." Xiao Yunfeng smiled slightly, although there were few women in the Yilong family who were in power, but Do you dare to gossip with your child's talent? "Father, I am not interested in the position of the family. Now I just want to concentrate on cultivation.Xiao Ninger shook her head and she did not want to be a homeowner. She cares for so many people like her father. In particular, these tribesmen also think differently. She only wants to be with her loved ones, calmly and freely. life"If you don't want to, then forgetXiaoyun Xiao nodded. He naturally wouldn’t force Dinger. Now in this family of the world, no one is qualified to force Dinger to do something she does not like to do."Dinger's daughter, we talked to a couple of old guys. Didn't you know the Nie Li of the Tian-tzu family? I heard that now he is powerless, and even the Alchemist Association will listen to him. We just want you to ask. , Look at the association of alchemists, can you give us some convenienceXiao wing laughed charmingly“Elder Xiao wing can still remember that when you asked me to return all the purple grass of Nie Li, I now asked him to ask him.Xiao Ning Er glanced coldly at Xiao Wing"This..." Xiao Yi said. "I didn't know that person's identity when I didn't. When you first helped him to buy Zi Zicao, he was also owed to you."""Humanity? He helped me to cure the disease, and I still owe him for it. I don't want to do anything like this, ask you to ask for it"Xiao Tinger flatly refusedSee Xiao Tinger did not give any room for manoeuvre. Xiao Yi felt a little upset, but his face could not be shown. He had to apologize and say, “Dinger’s daughter shouldn’t be angry. That’s what I said. Do not want to, forget it, when I did not mentionXiao Wiao's voice just fell, and I saw a man slamming in."Xiao Tinger, you stink, actually carrying me to seduce the man outside, give me a green hat, when my sacred family is a good bully, today I will have a family of pterosaurs to give me a statement!" It is Shen Fei thatAlthough Shen Hong repeatedly told Shen Fei not to cause troubleHowever, Shen Fei still couldn't hold back. When he learned that Xiao Ning'er had returned to the family, he rushed over.As the sacred family's nephew, a fiancée with a marriage contract actually outside with other men to mix together, how can he tolerate it? Hearing Shen Fei's words, Xiao Ning'er looks coldStaring at Shen Fei: "Shen Fei, this is the lobby of my Yilong family. If you don't want to be kicked out, let's just roll it!" "Did you hit me out? Is your wing family really long? Who is asking our sacred family to make a marriage contract, now the wings are hard, and want to tear the marriage contract? The door is not!” Shen Fei pointed at the top of the first Xiao Yunfeng, anger, “Xiao Yunfeng, even if our sacred family is now windy. Snow family pressureBut it is okay to grind you to a pterosaur family! "Xiao Yunfeng glanced next to Xiao Yi. It was a bit annoyed. If Xiao Dong was not forced, he wouldn't have allowed Geling to sign a marriage contract with Shen Fei. Now, however, the sacred family wants to marry him. That is the door. No“Shen Fei’s son, this matter also has long plansI will send someone to know the owner of Shen Hong. Do you want to go back first?Xiao Yunfeng Shen Sheng saidThere is a majestic momentum on the body"Hey, Xiao Yunfeng, just like this sentence, wanted to send me off? Today I will bring Xiao Ning'er back to the sacred family, otherwise, you have a good look!" Shen Fei angry channelHear Shen Fei’s wordsXiao Ning'er hands clasped his hands tightly and his body shuddered. At first, it was the marriage agreement of the Holy Family, which made her think of death many times and made her life dark.How many tears shed in the back, until the emergence of Nie Li, made her escape from the sea of ​​sufferingNow her talent can no longer be forced by the elders of the family, but Shen Fei is still not helpless.Xiao Geling stared at Shen Fei and said coldly: "Shen Fei, I will challenge you today. If you can win me, I will go with you to the sacred family. If you lose, eh, then you are embarrassed. I want you to get out of my sight forever!” “Haha, it's ridiculous, Xiao condensate, you have to challenge me too? You have to get lost and crazy!” Shen Fei stared at Xiao Lian'er and saw Xiao Ning. With a cool look, he looked at Xiao Yunfeng and the elders of the six winged dragons. "You all heard this. This is what Xiao Liner himself said.Then we will be so! "Shen Fei's body quickly changed and immediately merged with the red-black tiger demon spirit. Since the war with Nie Lie, he has had a psychological shadow. No matter who he is facing, he first merges the demon spirit."Nowadays, his strength has long since passed, and he has already reached the level of a star of gold. Together with the flaming black tiger demon spirit, he is confident that among his peers, besides Ye Han and Nie Li, there are only a few people. Has been completely afraid of other people, not to mention Xiao Geling a woman"Today, I will execute my family law!" A flash of haze flashed in Shen Fei's eyes. The flames burned in black.Heat waves flood the entire hallXiao Ning'er stood on the highest platform in the front of the hall and stared at Shen Fei in a condescending manner. He did not expect Shen Fei to be promoted to the gold level, and the flaming black tiger was indeed a very powerful demon spirit. It was no wonder that Shen Fly so readily agreed to its own challengeXiao Geling’s body has also rapidly changed, integrating the spirit of the wind and thunderbolts, instantaneously, electric light burst, dazzlingAn imposing force that is several times stronger, suppressed toward the flaming black tigerSeeing Xiao Lianer's fusion of the wind and thunderbird spirits, even Xiao Yunfeng, Xiao Yi, and others are all quite surprised. This light in the air makes them feel a burst of pressure.They did not know before, Xiao Geling actually integrated such a powerful demon spiritAfter Shen Fei merged with the Chiyan Black Tiger, he also thought that he would definitely win it, but he never expected Xiao Linger to reach the gold level, and the fusion was actually a powerful wind thunderbird demon spirit.A thunderbolt fell and bombarded the body of the Chiyan Black Tiger. Instantly, Shen Fei’s body was full of paralysis.Shen Fei reacted and himself underestimated Xiao Lian'er's strength. He yelled loudly and opened his mouth to produce a red inflammation.Seeing that Daoyan’s own lasing from here, Xiao Ning’er appears to be extremely calm. Shen Fei’s person, even if he has a good talent, but he’s not working hard to find flowers outside, she will not lose. That kind of people! Wind Thunderbirds, a pair of wings, a thick thunder and lightning to the roadThe thunder and lightning swayed on Chiyan, instantly torn the inflammation, and swayed toward Shen Fei’s body.This is an absolute roller compaction. Shen Fei’s strength is not a level with Xiao Geling.Although it is also a gold level, Shen Fei is not even on the average line in the gold class, but Xiao Lian'er is able to leapfrog challenging the existence of several stars.With a tear-like crackling sound, Shen Fei’s body was blown out and the entire person fell backwards. He fell heavily on the pillars of the hall and slammed into the ground. The pillars and the ground were all cracked.Shen Fei suddenly issued a painful buzzing, and this record of thunder and lightning hurt him lightly.He completely did not expect Xiao Liao's strength to be so much stronger than himself, completely rolling him down.Wind Thunderbirds are suitable for fighting in a wide area. The more open the area is, the more powerful the fighting skills are. But even in this narrow hall, unable to display all the strength, it is not the ability of Shen Fei to resist.(To be continued...)