Even Shen Hong, the homeowner of the sacred family in the distance, was not able to recover his life. Even if Ye Zong was so closely used to show his fierce brilliance, I am afraid he would also be under no small harm! Who is this mysterious young man and how could he be so powerful? Could it be that he is already a legendary player? When the crowd hadn't recovered, Duan Jian grabbed Shen Yan backhand, and then pulled Shen Yan's arm, and a side kick banged on Shen Yan's chest and abdomen."", in an instant, Shen Yan's face is blue and his intestines are almost vomiting.The power of this heavy blow is not at all tolerable by his current physical body, and the ribs have also broken several pieces.Nie Li nodded slightly. Duan Jian clearly knew how to make good use of his own physical advantages. He first sold a flaw and let the other person think that there was an opportunity to take advantage of it. Then he took the hand and pulled Shen Yan. So that Shen Yan has nowhere to dodge, and then he kicks and kicks. It's simple and crude, but he can burst into the strongest force.The general black gold-class strong, under the defense of such a trick, will be able to abolish the combat effectiveness"Duan Jian, don't kill him“Nie Li said calmly, if people kill the Holy Family now, then the scene will be out of control immediately. Now is not the time!” Uh! “Duan Jian let go and Shen Yan’s voice landed on the ground. He squatted on the ground and became a shrimp.Only one stroke, he married a black gold class strong? The silence of the entire hall was dead, and everyone was shocked to see Duan Jian standing there with nothing to do.This young man is really terrible! Ye Xiu and Ye Xie looked at each other and saw the shocking color in the other person's eyes. Although they felt that Duan Jian’s strength was not bad, he absolutely did not expect Duan Jian’s strength to be such a level.With Li Yan's palm, this close contact is actually unharmed. A shot is such a hot one.Such strength, fear is not inferior to Ye Zong, right? The key is that this young man is from Nie Liwei! Nie actually has such an ability to tame a strong master! The masters of various families have only come back for a long time.Duan Jian is such a strength that can hold off Duan Jian's people. I am afraid that there are no more than three glorious cities! The problem is that this young man has never heard of them and he has no idea what the family is. It is like a rising comet. It is shocking.At this time, Shen Hong in the distance is also shaking his hand slightly. The strength demonstrated by Duan JianI am afraid that it is not inferior to him. Nie Li's men actually have such a powerful master! At this time, Xiao Yi and others next to the eyes blinked out. They took a deep look at Nie Li and there was a hint of fear in the eyes.They still far from underestimating Nie Li. Apart from his talents, Nie Li's power is also daunting! See Shen Yan fall to the groundShen Xiu's heart could not help but fear, and his face was pale.Rewinding"I can't even see the snake-hearted woman!" Duan Jian glanced coldly at Shen Xiu. He remembered the vicious eyes of Sakong Moon taking his whip and pumped him.With a banging sound, Shen Xiu was beaten and her face swelled.Squat on the floor, hair scattered, wrestling"You..." Shen Xiu shed tears and wanted to say something, his mouth was ambiguousMiserable, as the sister of the sacred family, how did she suffer such humiliation? Shen Xiu burst into tearsWhen Duan Jian came forward and went out to Shen Xiujia, a figure was blocked in front of Duan Jian’s body. Like a mountain, a powerful atmosphere suppressed Duan Jian’s past.This person is a master, Duan Jian in the heart, looked up and came to see the person, this person is the owner of the sacred family Shen Hong“Young people, keep a line of work, and later meetToday, Shen Yan and Shen Xiu are offended. I’ll pay you for them instead ofShen Hong looked at Duan JianNie departs from the eyebrows and picks up things. This matter has been developed to such a level. The old fox can still tolerate Shen Hong. Nie Li will have to look and see what the old fox is playing.Duan Jian took a look at Nie Li and Nie Li shook his head slightly. Duan Jian stood still. He did not continue to clash with Shen Hong. He just stood there coldly.Several sacred people came and took Shen Yan and Shen Xiuji away.When Shen Hong saw this, he turned back to prepare to go back and looked back at Duan Jian, condensing his voice into a bundle, and said to Duan Jiandao: “Young people, with your strength, actually take orders from a teenager. What a pity!If you are interested, after the end of today's banquet, you can come to my sacred family and sing. The gate of my sacred family is always open for you! After that, Shen Hong walked towards the position of his family.Hearing Shen Hong's words, Duan Jian was a faint smile. Shen Hong actually wanted to recruit himself. Then Shen Hong really wanted more. He and Nie Li were not ordinary employment relationships. He was willing to follow Nie Li’s What conditions, even if it threatens his life, he will never betray Nie LiAfter seeing Shen Hong returning, Nie Li looked at Xiao Yunfeng and Xiao Tinger and smiled slightly. “Those who have stinks have finally been driven away. The whole world is quiet. Don’t affect the feelings of uncle and condensate. Let's continue!” Xiao Ning'er stood there. There was a trace of tears on her face. She looked gratefully at Nie Li and seemed to have a thousand words and she didn’t know what to say.Nie Li smiled heartily: "Dinger does not care. If the people of the sacred family dare to bully you again, you will come and tell me how to tidy up them!" "Nie Lixian, thank you for helping us make a clearance!" Xiao Yunfeng Dedicated, sincerely, he is the owner of the Pterosaur family, destined to consider the overall interests of the family, not dare to offend the sacred family, so that Dinger suffered grievancesHowever, Nie Li did not let Geling eat any losses. Xiao Yunfeng looked at the children beside him, and when she was married, he wondered if she was going to talk to the patriarch of the Tianle family.The marriage contract between Geling and Shen Fei was in front of him, and for other families, he certainly did not dare to offend the sacred family. I am afraid that only Nie Li would have dared to confront the Holy Family so fiercely.Although the Tian marks family is only a noble family, but with Nie Li and Duan Jian, the future is destined to be brilliant, not to mention being a giant family, even if it is to become a peak family, it is not impossible? Nie Li walked to Xiao Lian'er's side and said in Xiao Lian'er's ear, "We'll have to deal with the Holy Family tonight, and by then you'll be careful"After hearing Nie Li's words, Xiao Ning's child stared at Nie Li. The news was shocking. After a long while, she nodded with a dignified look. If she really wanted to start working with the Holy Family, it would be a hard battle."Uncle, then I will say goodbye!" Nie said with a smile, he still has a lot to doAfter Nie Li left with Xiao Ninger and Xiao Yunfeng to say goodbye, they continued to inform Lu Giao.Inside the hall, there are people coming in. There are more and more peopleAfter observing the various places, Nie Li walked back to the top of the hall and sat beside Ye Xiu and Ye Yan. Duan Jian was standing with Nie away seriously.Ye Xiu and Ye Yan looked up at Duan Jian and saw the expression of Duan Jian."Nie Li, do you arrange a seat for Duan Jian?"Ye Xiu looked at Nie Li and said: Duan Jian has such a strength because he is so young. They have to pay attention to it."The future potential of Duan Jian is incalculable! Nie Li looked at Duanjian and saw Duan Jian shook his head. Then he smiled and said, "Forget it, he is not willing to sit!" Ye Xiu and Ye Hao secretly doubted, what means Nie used to make Duan Jian? Are you so loyal to Nie? Really do not understandYe Xiu already knew that Duan Jian was Nie Li brought from the prison world. As for what happened in the world of Black Prison, he is not particularly clear.Nie Li talked with Ye Xiu and Ye Yu about laughing and laughing. The masters of major families saw this scene and secretly meditated.There have always been rumors that Nie had a close relationship with the daughter of the city's Lord. Before many people thought that even if Nie was a talented person, she would still like to raise her daughter slightly.But now, they don’t think soNie Li’s effective assistants like Duan Jian have to re-examine Nie’s position.Duan Jian is a black gold-class player with a power level up to the level of the city-owner, especially when he is still young! With such capital, whether it is the city owner Ye Zong or the family of wind and snow, I am afraid it will promote the marriage agreement between Nie Li and Ye Zixuan. In many cases, the marriage between different families is to consolidate their own status, and it is the door-to-door antagonism that combines strengths and strengths to make the family’s power reach its peak.Nie Li has enough qualifications! The families of various families have come to the Tian-trace family and told Nie Hai to say hello.So many homeowners came to each family, many of them were giants of the family, suddenly felt Nie Hai feel flattered, and quickly stood up, his face radiant, raised his glass frequently accept the toast of each family owner, of course, he understands, The glory of all this is brought by Nie"Nie Hai's owner, I respect you for a drink. This is a little girl, a friend of Nie Li." Xiao Yunfeng brings Xiao Ning'er over to Nie Hai's toastXiao Liao's Qiaolian is slightly red, but on this occasion, she will naturally not fall in the open, and gracefully lifts the wine glass."I would like to thank the owner of Xiao. I will do it first.Nie Hai finished his drinking and looked at Xiao Ning'er. Nie Li had just started Xiao Xing'er. He certainly looked in his eyes. This Xiao Liao Er should be very important to Nie Li, otherwise Will not hesitate to turn face with the sacred family, but I also heard that Nie Li is pursuing the daughter of the landlord. This makes Nie Hai feel a bit worried.(To be continued) u