Nie nodded and nodded. It was a billion-dollar wave. They must be prepared from now on.Yang Xin looked at him and said: "I understand. I will arrange this matter."" I'm going first"Nie Li thought, Yang Xin knew it would be fine."“What's the hurry of Nie’s younger brother? Is it going to be so soon?” Yang Xin looked at Nie Li with a smile and smiled."There is no emergencyNie shook his head“That would be better to stay and stay with my sister for a drink.” Yang Xin grinned and saw Nie hesitating. “Can't Nie leave the younger brother and worry that your sister couldn’t eat you?” Back from Ye Zixuan, Nie Li He was always in a bad mood. He didn’t worry about Yang Xinzhen’s eating himself. Yang Xin’s appearance was like this. In fact, his heart was just playing a trick on Nie’s departure.Yang Xin was able to take on the deacons of the Alchemist Association, not because of her appearance, but because she did some things and managed the entire Alchemist Association in an orderly manner. In the future, there may be many other things. Yang Xin is needed to help."Well, I'll have a drink with Yang Sister."Nie left thoughtAs the sky darkens, Nie Li and Yang Xin sit on the stone table in the yard“Little brother, do you say what kind of world is this outside the city of glory? I was born in Yang Xin, and I grew up in this glorious city. The furthest place I’ve been to is just a few tens of miles away. Some of the ruins are like a bird trapped in a cage. This life is really boring!” Yang Xin said with a touch of embarrassment.Looking at Yang Xin, Nie Li looked away from the starry sky and said: “Beyond the City of Lights, there are the sacred ancestral mountains. The patriarchal mountains stretch for thousands of miles, and there are still one or two Terran tribes that survived and sanctified. Outside the Zu mountain range, there are endless deserts in the east, endless deserts in the west, plains, poisonous forests and so on. There are still humans in those places that have survived. The entire Holy Spirit continent is full of wits, holy spirits. There are dozens of continents outside the mainlandThe world in which these continents are located is the main world. There are many subordinate worlds in the main world. These worlds are further outside, and they are another boundary..." After hearing the words, Yang Xin has completely failed to understand what the main world is. What is called the world of the universe and what is called another domain? She is only guessing that the world spoken by Nie should be large and large, so large that she could not see it in her whole life.Yang Xin can not help feeling the smallness of human beings. In this vast world, he is trapped in this tiny city of glory, struggling to survive."For this vast world, have a drink..." Yang Xin raised his head and drank the wine in his hands. "I Yang Yan is an orphan. I was sneered by all kinds of cold eyes from childhood and climbed to the present position step by step. I rely on What is it? Looks is wrong? The old woman is relying on strength! Up to now, those men who once fought with his aging mother, now what is not convinced?” Yang Xin drunk, Nie thought of Ye Zixuan, can not help but sadly, the wine in the handle It is also a drink"For Yang sister's strength, do it!" "My aging mother sat down to the position of the director of the Alchemist Association. Many people stared at this position, but the old woman was still stable. But what about this? What happened in the world? One person!” Yang Xin wry smile and drank a glass. “My aging mother I fight for a lifetime, but found that everything is meaningless"" Yang sister is not me? Nie laughed and said that he suddenly understood Yang Xin's desolateness. He had never been the same in his previous life. Although his footprints traveled all over the world, there were innumerable people to know, but his closest friends and lover were dead.“Haha, Nie Li’s brother, I’m satisfied with you, Yang sister...” Yang Xin smiled amiably. “Yang sister only asks you one thing. If the Snow Witch really breaks the glory City, Nie Li younger brother, you give Yang sister a pleasure, and then burn the body of Yang sister, do not be eaten on the Wicked"No, as long as I'm there, I won't let the city of glory be destroyed by the beast tide!" Nie said solemnly."Yes, my sister believes you!" Yang Xin noddedThe two men drank late, and Nie Li told Yang Xin his goals.He wants to become the strongest player in the endless domain. In this endless domain, no one threatens his family, friends and loved ones.In Yang Xin’s room, Yang Xin put Nie Li’s drunk on the bed and looked at Nie’s sleep.She did drink a lot of wine, but she found that Nie had more than herShe has a different physical talent and soon wakes up. In the darkness, her eyes are so clear.Yang Xin leaned down and was only a stone's throw away from Nie Li’s face. The deep gully at the collar was faintly visible and extremely touching.Staring at Nie's cheek for a long time, Yang Xin's cheeks were reddish, and she was moved to a teenager. She sighed a little“When I was born, I was old. If I was young, I would be old. If I was younger then I was ten years old, I might be like Xiao Liao’s little girl.Nie Zi’s younger brother treats others with enthusiasm and will certainly be a good manUnfortunately, we have nothing to shareAfter Nie Li’s younger brother is a dragon who travels for nine days after all, Yang Jie’s sister is also destined to grow old in this place.However, I can't regret the fact that I can know Nie from younger brother.“Yang Xin looked at Nie Li’s face and slowly leaned over and kissed Nie Li’s cheek. He smiled slightly and bitterly. She slowly stood up and walked shakyly outside.Even if it was a strong woman of the first generation, then what could she do? When she woke up in the middle of the night, there wasn't a man to rely on at the pillow. This kind of desolate, who can understandUnder the moonlight, her graceful posture is like a snow lotus, pure and moving.Even though Yang Xin was gone, the whole room still had a fragrant fragrance and a long finish.Although he had drunk a lot of wine, Nie still managed to keep his sanity. Otherwise, what he really did with Yang Xin was really remorseful. If Yang Xin wants to do something, Nie Li will definitely refuse to see Yang Xin. Afterwards, Nie was relieved that this was a relief. Although Yang Xin was charming and hot, she always teased Nie, but she still had a lot of sense in doing things. Nie Li seemed to understand the sadness of Yang Xin. Yang Xin seemed to be a woman. Strongman, actually pityNie sat up and sat down, refining the body's liquor power, and then continued to cultivate his soul.The darkness was dark, and the five fingers were out of reach. There were only a few flashes of light in a few places in the Palace of the Landlord. Ye Zong’s study had some candlelight.Ye Zongzheng inspects various kinds of papers. He handles intelligence from all aspects every day, including the activities of the external Wicked Animals, the activities of the Dark Society, etc.Slightly tired, Ye Zong stood up, condensing a bit of soul power, and the body's fatigue suddenly eased a lot. He gazed at the direction of Ye Zixuan’s other courtyard, recalling the scenes before the Tai’e trounced before the killings. SmileOnce upon a time, when Ye Zongyi thought of Nie Li, he would gritted his teeth with gas. But now, after gradually changing Nie Yi’s mind, it is another feeling to think of Nie Yi.When Ye Zong was ready to continue checking the copy, a person went to the door and knocked on the door"Please enter"Ye Zong glanced at the door, he already felt it, is the cold of Ye Han.“Father!” Ye Han walked into the study, and he slightly arched the path to Ye Zong."Cold child, how did you come?" Ye Zong laughed"I want to chat with my father"Ye Han silent moment road"Ok" Ye Zong nodded his head"In the past few days, I discovered that there are many people living in other houses in Zixi. I have some doubts. Don't know what to say when speaking inappropriately?" Ye Han lowered his head, his eyes fluttering, he did not look directly at Ye Zong.“Yes, Nie is away from them. They are classmates of Zixi. They live in the other courtyard of Ziyun for the time being.“Ye Zong said that he couldn’t see it. Ye Han still had some ideas for Ye Zixuan. However, the two were very different in age, and they were brothers and sisters. They were totally unsuitable.Now observe that if Ye Han and Nie Li are compared, Ye Zongshe will be more willing to marry her nephew to Nie Yi because Ye Han is too deep-hearted to occasionally make Ye Zong feel a little uneasy"My father, I understandMy father has always raised me and taught me to give me the place of the city, and I will not be able to live up to my father’s expectations.Before living in the streets and being taken back to the city's main office by my father's adults, I only wanted to repay my father's elder, and never had any hope for the place of the landlord..." Ye Han suddenly fell down and burst into tears.When Ye Zong sees this, he hurries to Ye Han: "Cold children know the fatherYou are gifted, and you will certainly surpass your fatherBut many things, not yours and my wishes, can be decidedI hope you can open your mind..." "I understandZi Wei, who was recently trained to make rapid progress, has shown that she has far more talent than me."Ye Han interrupted Ye Zong's words, and his voice trembled with trembling voice." It's reasonable that Zi Zi is in the position of the landlord.But you have been telling me all the time that I have to work hard to become a good city owner. So I listened to you and worked diligently. I didn't dare to swear in the slightest and try hard to achieve what you were looking for.But now, you told me that this is not something you can decideHave you ever considered my feelings, the lost heart, the lost heart? "Cold child, I'm sorry! "Ye Chung said apologetically“From the moment I saw Zi Zi, I told myself to marry her, but you never recognized me. In fact, in your heart is to look down on me right? You think I'm just a wandering child. It is not worthy of your wind and snow family! I long for one day to ascend to the position of the landlord and be worthy of the sable. But now, you tell me that I am not a city-owner!” “You deprived me of it. The dream, now I, has become an empty shell, nothing is missing!""Zhier!" Ye Zongxi was extremely careful. Since he came into contact with Nie, he realized that some of the beliefs he had always insisted on were actually wrong. He should pay more attention to Yan Er and Ye Han instead of Constantly persecute them and let them achieve what they were expecting. He stepped forward and clung to Ye Handao. "I don't know that you are wronged in your heart. It's because the father is wrong. I shouldn't press those heavy burdens on you." On the shoulder, trying to turn you into what I expectedYou should have a better life than what I have imposed on you! "The moment Ye Zhuang clings to Ye Han, a sudden flash of cold flashes in Ye Han's eyes, and his expression suddenly becomes stunned.(To be continued)