“Nie Lixian, how can this be so erotic...” Xiao Yunfeng looked straight forward and said in a hurry.[Love \Go \Small\Said\Web www.】 "I've been very helpful for a while now. I think it's also a thank you. Uncle would not be polite to me."Nie left it directly to Xiao Yunfeng and smiled at Dinger."Zi Lian Qiaolian is slightly red, but it is nothing to sayXiao Yunfeng looked at Xiao Ning'er next to him, and if he knew her daughter, he knew what she was and he nodded. "I'll take it.Although I heard that Nie Li is closely related to Ye Zixie, Xiao Yunfeng does not care. After all, the noble children, three wives and four wives are not very normal things. Nie Li is now the first genius of the glorious city, and Ding Er follows him. Not losing moneyIn addition, Xiao Yunfeng also knows one thing. Xiao Liaoer's talented cultivation is all done by Nie. As a prostitute of the Pterosaur family, Chen Tutu is also normal.Nie Li never thought about it. He readily gave such a gift. Xiao Yunfeng would think so much.See Nie Li and Xiao Yunfeng, etc., laughing and laughing, Shen Hong eyebrows in the distance slightly pickThis family of pterosaurs has always been the vassal of the sacred family. Even Xiao Ning'er is also the fiancée of his son. But now, the family of pterosaurs is out of the control of the sacred family. After a meal, although Shen Hong implied, but this anger, it is more and moreShen Hong looked at Duan Jian from Nie’s side and Duan Jian’s steady pace, his fierce eyes made him faint and jealous.Shinki"Shen Hong shouted in a low voice.""In, Big Brother, what's the matter?" Shen Xiu asked Shen Hong“You brought Shen Yan to the past and tried Nie away from the young man's strength behind the boy. In addition, he asked someone to investigate what they were in the end!” Shen Hong said, if the young man’s strength is good, and the relationship with Nie Li’s Not so closely, but it can be recruited"Yes"Shen Xiu Nie Li and others glanced at me. There was a glimmer of light in the eyes.She stood upWhen Nie Li and others went over there, Shen Yan followed.The people who found the sacred family came to their side, Xiaoyun Feng frowned slightly, and Xiao and others were nervous.Although the sacred family was suppressed by the wind and snow familyBut the obsession is still, after all, on strength, the Pterosaur family is not the opponent of the sacred family.Ye Xiu and Ye Hao on the stage also saw this scene"Ye Xiu, Shen Hong sent a black gold master in the past, but I'm afraid Nie may not be able to deal with it.Do we want to rescue him? "Ye Ye looked to Ye Xiu askedYe Xiu smiled and shook his head: "Nie is a strange thing because the boy can eat oysters. We just have a look. He can certainly cope with it. And we can just take a look. What is the strength of the young man around Nie?“Ye Yee looked at Ye Xiu, and did not expect Ye Xiu to have such confidence in Nie Li. He nodded his head.Nie Li looked at Shen Xi along the way. Shen Xiu was dressed in an evening dress. The enchanting figure attracted the attention of several masters around the family.These family experts talked about one after another“Have you heard of it, the family of pterosaurs originally married the sacred family, but now the pterosaurs want to repentShen Fei, the eldest son of the sacred family, went to the pterosaur family to make trouble. The result was Xiao Lianer’s fight and he was lifted."" There is such a thing? I have heard that Shen Fei has practiced to the gold level, but still Xiao Liao'er opponent? Shaw was given a fight? Isn't there somebody in the Pterosaur family helping out? "You don't know yet, Xiao Gelinger has recently practiced to the golden level, and has integrated a wind and thunderbird demon spirit, Shen Fei that wasteHow could Xiao Liao's opponent be! "The sacred family had a bit of luck lately, and the Pterosaur family had fallen into this rock at this time, but it was a bit too kind."" Shit, what kind of kid Shen FeiAre we still not clear? How does the kid do it and how much is the belly of a good man? Xiao Luer that child is good, why should it be Shenfei badly? "These masters talked and looked at this side. They were still very curious. What would the Holy Family do in the end? How would the Pterosaurs react?However, most people still stand on the side of the Pterosaur family.After all, Shen Fei’s character is really not goodShen Xiu heard some rumorous words and blew on a cold face. Before she knew that Shen Fei was kidnapped by Xiao Gelian, she wouldn't fight one place. This was the face of the sacred family that was naked! “Hey, Xiao Ning'er, when he was at Shenglan College, he saw that you carried a wild man outside with Shen Fei. Now it's so blatant, I really do not know how to be shameless!” Shen Xiu shook his hands and looked guiltily at Shaw. Geling said"Shen Xiu, you talk nonsense, I Xiao Luer do something, do not need your sacred family management!" Xiao Ninger where heard such harsh, she stood up and looked at Shen Xi discouragedXiao Yunfeng frowned slightly. He looked coldly at Shen Xiu and Shen Yan. The sacred family made it clear that he was looking for him. He would have to look at what the sacred family was prepared to do! The sacred family cannot always shoot at the family of pterosaurs in the eyes of the public! "Poke to the sore spot? Hey, if you don't know, unless you have it!" Shen Xiu mouth reveals a trace of sneer. "So many family's masters are watching here, I'm going to expose you today. The cheeky face of the deceased baby!” “You...” Xiao Ninger was so angry that he had to cry out, and his heart was full of grievances. How many pains she suffered over the years was due to the sacred family pressing harder and harder. Is it willing to kill her? “How is it still not convinced? Well, you and my sister-in-law Shen Fei’s marriage contract is witnessed by the two big families. The marriage contract is in place. Do you still want to deny it? The Holy Family is not so good at bullying.If you go with me to the sacred family, then it will be enough. If you don't go, you may not be able to! "Shen Xiu's descended and looked down at Xiao Lian'er."Shen Xiu this woman, harsh and sour, drew child so tender, which is Shen Xiu's opponent? "Shen Xiu, you are really a ghost! If you are such a mean person, you really should sew your mouth! Geling is unwilling to abide by the marriage contract. How can your sacred family still want to use a strong one?" Gently glared at Shen Xiu. "Dinger is good-tempered. She won't show you anything, but it makes me unhappy. I'm not too lazy to talk nonsense with you. Are you owe?” Nie left a powerful momentum. Take a step forwardChao Shenxi suppressed the pastAfter seeing Nie’s fierce appearance, Shen Xiu frightened a few steps back. The swift momentum made her feel a lot of pressure.She remembered the previous banquet, Nie from the arrogant look, such things can really get from Nie! At first, Shen Xiu did not put Nie away in her eyes. At that time, she was a silver grade and Nie Lilian was not a bronze grade.But now, Nie Li is already a golden class. She is still silver, and she really wants to fight. She must have suffered a loss. She could not help but tremble: "What do you want to do? The man who hits a woman is not the most thing!" The man is really not a thing, but a woman like you who owes and feels like a viper is killed and deserved!” Nie away stepped forwardScared Shen Xiuxin flusteredNie away is simply a rogue, completely without the loyalty of nobles.Mouths play more, but also arrived at others directly hands, ah, Shen Xiu, a little timid lookXiao Ninger couldn't help but feel touched. Every time, Nie left to help her.If she wasn’t Nie Li, she really didn’t know what to do. Looking at the back of Nie’s departure, her heart was slightly relieved.Only Nie LiIn order for her to have some comfort and dependenceA woman like Shen Xiu who talks to her will only make her more and more active. "This, twoThe banquet of the landlord is about to begin soon. Do we not continue to quarrel over this issue?Xiao Yi stood up for peace.“Roll!” Shen Xiu shouted aloud at Xiao Yi’s wing and retreated a few steps away from Nie Li’s distance. Standing beside Shen Yan, it felt a little relieved.With a sneer and a glance at Xiao Ning'er, who looked at Nie away, he said, “I really don’t know how to be shameless. Since I’m done, I’m not afraid to be said by others, but I’m still letting my adulter’s wife to help us. It’s really eye-opening."Shen Xiu that vicious words, so that Nie can not hear it, and Nie Li Leng Leng grunted:" This woman is stinking mouth, Duan Jian, give me a meal, throw it out from here! ""Yes! "Duan Jian took a step forward and approached Shen XiuShen Xiu suddenly felt a terrible pressure from Duan Jian's body. A strong fear rushed up and she quickly retreated.Shen Yan next to Shen Xiu was a sneer, and he grabbed his right hand toward Duan Jian."Black gold level master!" Nie from the eyebrows slightly pick, but even the black gold master, encountered Duan Jian also useless, the entire sacred family in addition to Shen Hong, who can not make up the Duan Jian! Shen Yan felt that Duan Jian suddenly broke out of the dark gold atmosphere, and he was stunned. He did not expect this seemingly ordinary young man to have such strength. He did not dare to underestimate the other party and used it directly. All the powerShen Yan used his unique combat skills, which increased the power of the palm several times and caught him on the arm of Duan Jian.General black gold star level of strong, one does not pay attention, the arm is likely to be directly captured by Shen Yan, but his claws grabbed in the hands of Duan Jian, Duan Jian but it is motionless, and even the brows are not wrinkled Duan Jian looked at Shen Yan so coldly that there was a terrible coldness in his eyes.Seeing that Zhang Jian does not move, Shen Yan's mouth shows a hint of sinister smile. This kid is still young and too self-righteous. He instantly condenses the soul power in his body, and his palm burns a burning red inflammation. All melted in generalSeeing this scene, even Ye Xiu and Ye Xie and others were also slightly surprised. This is the sacred family's fierce inflammatory palm warfare technique. This fighting skill is enough to melt the steel steel instantly. Duan Jian’s arm is caught by Shen Yan. Shen Yan so close Yan Lie Yan Zhang, even if the iron arm, will be directly abolished! "Shen Yan, stop!" Ye Xiu Shen drank, but his distance was too far to help.Feeling the airwaves hit by the storm, the masters of the families around them are also utterly disillusioned and can not help but sigh for Duan Jian. Duan Jian’s arms are afraid to be abolished.In this banquet hall, with such vicious means, the masters of various families feel that the Holy Family has become excessive.Such a young master should be working for the glorious city. If it is spent in such internal friction, is it not a pity? Shen Yan was still proud of the first few seconds, but in the next second, the expression on his face froze there. Duan Jian still looked at him coldly. His fierce flame palm did not even leave a trace on the arm of Duan Jian. traceMy fierce inflammatory palm can melt even the steel. What kind of fortune is this kid's arm? Nie Lili smiled coldly in the corners of the mouth. Among the dragons, nine out of ten are the flames. The dragons' bodies are not afraid of the dragons, but they are afraid of this little flame. How can the burning palm be compared with Longyan? Shen Yan was like being choked on the throat. He had to suffocate. He never expected that his own Li Yan had no effect at all.Not only Shen Yan, the people around him are staring at Duan Jian and Duan Jian’s intact arm.What kind of flesh is this? Is this kid a monster? (To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience