Ye Han's right hand suddenly appeared with a dagger, slammed into the back of Ye Zong’s back, and his blood burst out.Ye Zong was suddenly stabbed by Ye Han and felt a toxin leaking directly into the heart. His heart was suddenly filled with anger and he flew out of the palm of his hand. He took a few steps and he stood firmly. Gaze at Ye Han: "You ... you are this animal!" After Ye Han fell to the ground, he wiped the blood in his mouth and stared at Ye Zong. The voice was accompanied by a hint of madness: "My father, this is what you forced me toI have nothing now, I have no choice but to do so! ""why? "Ye Zong tried to consolidate a trace of soul power, but found that the soul force collapsed, and it was not able to cohere. His face changed, and the toxin on his dagger couldn't be refined! The strength of Ye Zong was even attacked. How couldn't be hurt by a gold person, but Ye Han was one of his closest people. He didn't have any precautions at all. Who could expect that Ye Han was so risky"Why? Haha, it's ridiculous, don't you understand why? Killing you, I can get into this place of the landlords!" Ye Han laughs wildly, the blood in his mouth makes him extraordinarily embarrassed."Kill me, you can't sit on the land of God!""That's not what you sayIn a few days, the City of Lights will tell you about the assassination of the people of the Dark Guild. I fight against the Assassins of the Dark Guild and kill it. The real culprit in the killing of the righteous adults is Nie Li! Soon afterwards, the Dark Society will launch an attack on the family of wind and snow. At that time, the smashed family of wind and snow will no longer be able to control the entire city of glory, and I will be able to successfully climb under the recommendation of the Holy Family. The Lord of the City! "If the cold leaves are madly laughing," said the father, if you pass me the position of the landlord, this will never happen! "" Livestock, did not think you actually colluded with the dark guild! "Ye Zong gasped heavily, and the venom had rapidly spread throughout his body. He was only fighting against the sea of ​​soul and fighting toxins."I did not expect this toxin to be so overbearing"What, then, is that with the Dark Guild, you have more prospects than you are with you. You just want me to be a vagrancy lord!" "Isn't the Dark Guild anymore?" "Haha.Become your lord, I think every day how to please you, and do your best after death, Ye Zong, do not you think you live very tired? And if you were a guild lord of the dark guild, I could do what I wanted to do, do what I wanted, and be happy! "Ye Han laughed wildlyYe Zongxin confessed that he did not think of himself for so many years. He had cultivated Ye Han. He was actually raising a tiger, but later he was subjected to such catastrophe. This is not a punishment for him."Ye Han, you are not able to succeed in your crimes!" Ye Zong stared coldly at Ye Han, condensing his last trace of soul power."Whether you can succeed or not, your father, you can't see it.Thanks to my father for so many years of parenting, I will send my father to the road! "Ye Han approached Ye Zong step by step. He said so many words with Ye Zong. It was precisely for Ye Zong to slowly poison! See Ye Zong still struggling to support, Ye coldly smiled and said:" Do not struggle any longer. TheThe poison I used was the agaveThis kind of poisonousness can kill people within half an hour, and it is even more effective for the dragons.The father’s adults are fused with the black dinosaurs and the demon spirit. At most one quarter of an hour, seven holes will be bleeded.My father is now afraid that I can't condense my soul. "Ye Han approached Ye Zong and waved his dagger down to Ye Zongxi.Only when Ye Zong yelled and his body quickly changed, he turned into a giant blizzard with a punch and went to Ye Hanmeng with a punch.Unexpectedly, Ye Zong now has the power of a battle. Ye Han's heart is shocked and he quickly integrates his golden dragons.As the two fists collided, a majestic momentum spread out towards the surroundings. Ye Han's whole body involuntarily flew backwards. He slammed against the wall of the study, and the entire wall was smashed, and Ye Han fell backwards. It's only a few dozen meters to stopYe Han's eyes revealed a deep fear of color. After he punched this fist, he was seriously injured. But at this time, he did not care much about his injuries. Instead, he stared blindly at Ye Zong in the study center."Why is the giant snow dragon, not the black scale dragon!" Ye Han reluctantly shouted, he completely did not expect that Ye Zong so soon has been integrated with the snow giant, replacing the original black scale earth dragonIn the case of black scale dragons, the toxins of Agtaraceae may have completely destroyed Ye Zong’s ability to resist. However, Ye Zong’s fusion of snow and snow giants caused the spread of toxins to be slower than usual. Unexpected happeningAll the plans had no flaws. The result was that people were worse off. Who could have thought that Ye Zong actually gave up such a decisively abandoned black scale earth dragon and integrated it with a giant snow blizzard? The huge movements on the study side suddenly made the city main house bright and noisy.“Grab the assassin!” The masters of the city’s main government have rushed to this side.Ye Han's face sank and he was thinking of an opportunity to kill Ye Zong. It was no longer possible. He quickly swept away and ran wildly into the dark twilight."Your son, where are you going?" The city guards who came one after another asked about Ye Han."Going to protect my father, I'll chase after the assassin!" Ye Han shouted, and several swept away straight away.Ye Xiu came quickly and saw Ye Zong. Suddenly he was extremely anxious and supported Ye Zong, who was teetering. He hurriedly asked, "What is wrong with you, Lord of the City?" Guild, I was poisoned by agaveso and I don't have much time.Quickly call Zi Yan and Nie to leave! "Ye Zong coughed a few times and spit out a few mouthfuls of bloodAragula Hearing Ye Zong’s words, Ye Xiuyu was extremely anxious, and the poison of A. agavetum was unsolvable. I’m afraid that at most one hour could be sustained, and even half an hour could be fatal.“Come quickly to call Miss and Nie Li!” Ye Xiu was in front of the city guards squadron. His heart was in a haze. He did not expect that it was Ye Han’s trouble, and he blamed him. He did not recognize the cold tiger wolf early. In the heart, Ye Xie regrets extremelySoon, Ye Ziyan hurried to see this scene, she stayed a little"father"Ye Ziyun cried and flew to Ye Zong's side, holding Ye Zong.Ye Zong took a photo of Ye Zixuan's shoulder. He did not expect him to be plotted by Ye Han. If he died, leaving Ye Zixuan alone, Ye Zong couldn't help feeling distressed. His heart was full of remorse. Accompany your daughter“Nie left it?” Ye Zong looked to the next Ye Xiu, some weakly asked“Nie left is like going to the Alchemist Association. I already sent someone to find him.Ye Xiu saidAfter nearly half an hour, Nie came to this hurryWith Ye Ziyan's eyes staring at each other, the two looked a little sluggish, but they did not say anything tacitly."What happened to his father-in-law?" Nie looked away from Ye Xiudao."It was Yeh-han's rebellion. Ye Zong’s man had the poison of agaveso."Ye Xiu's face, there is indescribable sadness, the poison of agave grass, almost no medicine to cure"Oh, it's agave grass."Nie left but it looks a bit flat, I did not expect to actually dry Ye cold, Ye Han this kid, it really is a bone anti-Tsai, no wonder the past lives Ye Ziyan has been reluctant to mention Ye Han, the original Ye Han this kid has a problemAs long as it is a rebellious person, for whatever reason, it will lead to rebellion.Ye Zixuan's tears slide down the white cheeks. Ye Zong is always very strict, but in her heart, Ye Zong has always been her most respected person.She had to wait a long, long time before she could see her father, but I didn't expect to meet him again when I met her again.When she remembered the death of her mother, did her father, like her mother, leave her forever? "Yao Er!" Ye Zong coughed out a few mouthfuls of blood and said in an inability to speak hoarsely. "I am the two most indefinite people in my life. One is your mother and the other is you. I'm sorry. I didn't do my father's job for my father. The responsibility does not take care of you"He looked up at Nie Li and asked in the voice with his beggar." Nie Li, Ye Zong did not ask for someone in this life. He only asked you to take care of him! “Nie Li heard a little sad, he sighed:” father and adults, in the face of life and death, you finally know what is the most precious thingsYour request, I promise you, I will take care of the nephew, you will have to be better at the purple clam, and spend more time with her! "Looking at Ye Ziying's face crying with pears and rain, Ye Zong shook his head and sighed. Suddenly, God said:" The poison of agaveso can only live for half an hour. I'm afraid I have no chance."His vision was gradually blurred and he was a bit unclear. He really wanted to take a closer look at his daughter's face."He clung to Ye Zixuan's hand desperately and made a slight tremble in his voice: "My nephew, I want to look at you, get married and have a happy life, but I can't see it later!" Nine died and never feared, but today, he is afraid of it.The end of death is the eternal darkness"Father, don't, please don't die, don't want to leave you"Ye Ziyan cried and shouted, clutching Ye Zong's clothes and shakingLooking at Ye Zonghe and Ye Ziyan, Nie Yi remembered the past life. Once he was like this, holding his father’s hand, he could only watch his father slowly close his eyes and tears could not help but flow down.He wiped the tears from his face and grinned, "It's unlucky to die.In the poison of agave grass, made life with death! "After hearing Nie Li, Ye Xiu and Ye Zixi stayed there."Can you save the Lord of the City?" Ye Shuguang's eyes flashed a surprise light"Nie away, you can save my father, I beg you, save him! No matter what I can do, as long as it can save my father!" Ye Ziyan said crying.Ye Zixuan's sad look made Nie Centrifuge full of pity. The unpleasant things that took place in the afternoon all vanished. Nie Wei wiped away the tears from Ye Zixuan's cheeks and smiled calmly: “Rest assured, it's only the Aphrodite. The poison only, can not dieHe is my father-in-law, and we have to give us a marriage. He wants to die so early, I do not agree! After Nie Li finished speaking, the fingers condense a trace of soul power and placed it on Ye Zong's chest and slowly pressed it. "The toxin from the lingzhi grass is fierce, but it will not be dead, it will only make people paralyzed." The heartbeat stops and people mistakenly believe that they are dead. As a black gold cultivator, the poison of Aphrodite is no more than ten days, and it is still saved! "(To be continued)