One second to remember [Love ^ to ^ Xiao ^ said ^ net.], to provide you with exciting novel readingThe banquet began immediately. After Nie Li escaped Huyan Lanrue, she came here with Ye Zixi.There is a towering stone wall everywhere. These walls are covered with various patterns and are extremely thick.In order to have a hiding place at the time of the advent of the Beast, the successive generations of the city's lords continued to improve, making this sanctuary the safest place in the whole city.“Nie Li, you said that my father asked you to come with me, but what are you doing here?” Ye Zixuan asked in confusion.In addition to an empty stone room, there is also accumulated food. There is nothing."The banquet is about to begin soonOnce we begin to work with the Holy Family, the sacred family will surely counterattack unscrupulously. It may be difficult to control the situation of the time.Nie Li said, he looked at Ye Zixi with pity."But what does this have to do with us here?" Ye Zixiu looked at her eyebrows slightly, suddenly thought of something, anxiously authentic, "Nie left you ..." In the moment Ye Ziyan responded, Nie Li had touched the stone walls. The institution, with a touch of enchantment, appeared between Nie Li and Ye Zixuan. Ye Ziyan was trapped inside the stone room."This is your father's request!" Nie laughed and smiled. In fact, in this regard, Ye Zong and Nie Li's decisions were surprisingly consistent. Nie finally managed to find a common language with Ye Zong.In order to ensure the safety of Ye Zixuan, Ye Zihe and Nie Li will let Ye Zixun stay in the secret room of the Shrine to ensure her safety."Nie Li, let me go out! The war will soon break out. How can you keep me here?" Ye Zi irritably clutches Nie away. She condenses her soul and wants to break open the enchantment, but her soul is very fast. Bounced back"I'm afraid I can'tOnce the sacred family is making a counterattack, your prostitute who is a family of wind and snow is the easiest target to address. It is the weakness of all of us, so you have to stay here.“Nie left smiled and said to Ye Zizhuo,” Rest assuredA sacred family, can not afford to turn up much wavesYou are waiting here. I will be back soon! After finishing, Nie flew outsideNie LiYou come back soon! Ye Zi shouted irritably. "If you don't let me go out today, then don't come to see me any more..." Her voice spread in the empty secret room, but Nie Li's figure quickly disappeared. At the end of the chamber, she was stunnedHow did you get on Nie Li? When Nie came to bring her here, she should think of it.She desperately wanted to break the enchantment of the secret room, but she couldn't break it.Unless someone came in to help, or three days after the opening of the self-determination, but three days later I'm afraid the war is over! If father or Nie encountered any danger, a line of tears fell from her white cheeks, but now she could not do anything, and she almost hated Nie in her heart, although Nie Li said it very well. Come back soonBut her heart could not help worryingIn the banquet, guests come one after anotherThe Hall of the whole city is very lively, and the masters of various families are greeting each other.Sitting on the head of the hall is Ye Xiu and Ye Yu.Nie Li and Ye Xiu inquired to know that Ye Zhen was a very mysterious figure in Feng Xue Xue's family. He was responsible for the secretive forces responsible for managing the family of Feng Xue. From time to time, they would go to the Shenglan College to pick talents from these places and bring them into the landlord’s office. He has mastered a very powerful force in his hands.In the City of Light, few people know Ye Ye, but Ye Ye is in this city.Position fourth only to Ye Xiu’s fourth personThis is a sturdy old manYe Hao smiled after seeing Nie LiSeeing Ye Xie's smiling eyes, Nie asks with wonder: "We have seen older generations?" Regardless of past or present,Nie Li is very unfamiliar with Ye Hao. Most people only have to look at one thing. Nie Li can remember that after all, as a cultivator with two souls, Nie Li’s memory can be described with his eyes, but Nie Li is determined.Never seen each other"You haven't seen me, but I know youWhen you and Shen Xiu debated about the Thunderfire script that day, I was watching outside.Including your work at the Shenglan College Library afterwards, it was also arranged by me. I didn't expect such a short time, we met again, and we actually did it this way."Ye Yehahaha smilesOn the day of the debate with Shen Xiu, Nie Li was keenly aware that there were three strong people watching outside and he also guessed from the snow and ice that one of them came from the wind and snow family, but did not know that the person was Ye Yu.If that day is not a family of wind and snow, Nie Li will not be so fierce to challenge Shen Xiu.“I didn't expect that the day was a senior, thank you for your predecessors"Nie left his hand to express his thanksYe Hao laughed: "I can't mention anything to mention. I'm afraid that everything is already in your calculations. I'm nothing more than a boat."Nie Li and Ye Hao smiled at each other."I didn't think that you could break through the boundaries of the Red Sea of ​​Souls.[Love \Go \Small\Said \Web www.] Well, we old men, I am afraid that all should retire, the future is the world of your young people"Ye Ye shook his head and smiled.“The older generation made fun of laughter. The older generation is always strong. We, the younger generation, have to ride in the shade of their predecessors.This is a bit of a trifle. I don’t pay tribute. I’ll also ask the older generation to smile."Nie Li took out a few pieces of red blood, and said to Ye Yu.Several black and gold-level elders of Feng Xue’s family have to make a good relationship. Ye Xi looked at the crystal of red blood in his hand, slightly surprised, and the crystal of red blood was a good thing. Even the strong realm of the legendary realm also needed the crystal of red blood. It did not know where Nie Li got this from. Treasures"You take it, I'll take it. If you don't, Nie will not be safe from the boy."Ye Xiu, who was on the side of the train, understood what Nie Li was playing in a ghost, and he smiled.Ye Hao looked at Nie Li and looked at Ye Zong again. Suddenly he understood that the reason why Nie Li had sent such a valuable thing was that he was because of the deaf girl's gimmick. He already knew Nie Lihe The child's thing, he laughed and said: "Then I would like to honor my life and accept it."Nie left a smile, Ye Xiong made him feel very kind, Ye Hao is also, it seems that the wind and snow family of several black and gold class elders, are very good to speak WellAfter fixing the real power figures of the Feng Xue family, Ye Zong nodded in agreement, and it was not too far from the accomplishment.The people in each family come more and more. The entire hall is full of people. They sit in the place of the landlord's government to give them an arrangement. Each family has occupied a corner, but the family of wind and snow is at least"Wong Xueshi family, how did not appear?" Shen Hong inexplicably upset somehow, such a large rally, other family's masters have come, no reason to master the family of wind and snow, only to one of ten Second, the heavyweights only came to Ye Xiu and Ye Hao.The sacred family is precisely arranged at the center of the hall and completely surrounded by various families. At this time, if you do any tricks, you may find it in other families.Nie Li glanced across the hall. He discovered the children of Geling, Lu Piao and others, as well as the tribal peoples of Tianji family and Duan Jian. At this rally, even if Nie Li refused them to come, they would definitely participate in the event.It’s time to remind them that they’re carefulNie Li went towards the position of the Tianxie familySeeing Nie Li, Nie Hai, Nie En and others stood up excitedlyWhen Nie Li was in front of the hall, even the two giants of the family of Feng Xue were loyal to Nie, and this position still needs to be said? There is a mad pass outside, and Nie Li is the best choice for the son-in-law of the city.When they talked about these things, they were excited and proud. Now some of the family owners who have had holidays with them have seen them walk down with their heads down.Nie Li walked up to Nie Hai and Nie En, and said in Nie Hai and Nie Er’s ears: “There may be major events to take place this evening. You have taken care of the people!” Hear Nie Li’s words, Nie Haihe Nie envied his heart and nodded. Although it was unclear what would happen, they would be very careful.Fortunately, before Nie had sent a person to inform, Nie Hai and Nie En only brought a handful of family masters to come, but Nie Li did not disclose what would happen. After all, such secrets, the fewer people knew better."Duan Jian, you come with meNie Li looked at Duan Jian and said"Yes"Duan Jian stood up and followed behind NieNie whispered while walking away, whispering in words that only two people could hear: “If you go to war this evening, you'll stare tightly at this fellow of Shen Hong, even if you can't beat it, you will have to cling to him!” Although Duan Jian Now it is only the black gold Samsung level, not Shen Hong's opponent, but Duan Jian is physically strong. Even if he encounters a legendary strong player, he also has a force to fight."Yes, I know"Duan Jian nodded his head seriouslyNie Li and Duan Jian went together in the direction of the Pterosaur family.Xiao Yunfeng and Xiao Yi of the Pterosaur family saw that Nie had left and they all got up. Now Nie Li is powerless! Nie LiXiao Ning Er stood up and looked at Nie Li, passing a glimpse through the eyes.Nie Xiao smiled and said to Xiao Yunfeng: "Yes Xiaoxiao is good."After hearing Nie Li's words, Xiao Yunfeng was really flattered and hurriedly said:" Nie Lixian, thank you for your attention to Ding Er during this time.Xiao Yunfeng and others looked at Nie Li and looked at Nie’s segment sword. They both gave them an unfathomable feeling.“My uncle is very polite. Dinger and I are very good friends. The uncle is free to meet him for the first time. This is my little ritual and I don’t pay tribute. I also asked my uncle.Nie Li took something out and handed it to Xiao YunfengWhen you see something from Nie, Xiao Yi and others have eyes that are red, Nie Li is really rich and rich, and above the several jade bottles, it clearly shows that Quenching Dan, Chi Yan, and Dan Tang, and Jiuzhu Dan, these Each of the immortality drugs is extremely precious, and Nie is a lot of bottles.In addition to this, there are several pieces of Chiyan crystal, which is worth more.However, these things were given to Xiao Yunfeng. Shaw Wing and others were depressed. He had no good daughter.(To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience