One second to remember [Love ^ to ^ Xiao ^ said ^ net.], to provide you with exciting novel readingNie walked away from the side and watched as he looked at it. There was still some surprise in his heart. I never thought that the treasure house of the castle owner actually collected so many ancient heritage items."Can I take it casually?" Nie looked away from Ye Zixi and said with a smile."OkYe Zixuan nodded his head and Nie left his father. This kind of endeavor, but also how many things can be repaid, not to mention taking a few things, regardless of what kind of request Nie Liti, she will not hesitate to promise"Then I just took it“Nie Li stretched a lazy waist and his eyes fell on a few rocks among the many treasures, and he reached for it and took it.”Seeing that Nie Li picked up a few obscure stones from the many treasures that glittered with gold, Ye Zixuan asked, "What is this?" "This is the patron saint stone and is said to be the only one on the northern side of the Sanyuan mainland. Mine production, where it has now been occupied by Wicked AnimalsThere are many Mingzhi divisions who, after they have acquired the patron saint stone, engrave the imprint on the patron saint stone. Once they are pushed with soul power, they can form a small protective enchantment.Like this patron saint stone, the black gold-grade etched pattern on the top is at least able to withstand the attack of the black gold-class strongman. However, the above-mentioned embossed patterns are somewhat worn out and need to be repaired.Nie Li took all six patron saints unceremoniously, and dipped them with monster blood to restore the kermis. Then three of them were put in the hands of Ye Zixuan, and the other three were themselves. Received"This..." Ye Zixuan looked at the three patron saints in his palms. "This is a precious thing..." "I haven't been polite to you anyway. I'm not polite to you. What are you polite to me?" Nie smiled and looked away. Continue to searchYe Ziyan cheeks slightly red, she took the three patron saints togetherNie left and came to Baoshan. How can we return to empty hands? I don't know if there are scrolls that engraved the legendary prohibition. If there are, Nie Li will certainly accept it without hesitation.Although his current strengthIt's not enough, but to take more treasures, you can make yourself more life-saving measuresAs long as you see good things, especially when you can fightNie Li did not hesitate to plug into his own space ring, or after telling Ye Zixuan to use it, she threw it into Ye Zixuan's space ring.Not much time, Nie Li took hundreds of various bizarre treasures. It was just like a bandit.It is estimated that Ye Zong would have seen this sceneShould also feel badNie Li simply treated this place as his own home."It's a pity that there isn't anything worth mentioning. It's still a bit of a treasure trove of the city's main government!" Nie said with a bit of regret.Ye Zixuan listened, do not know how to answer the message, nothing to get on the eye, Nie also took a few hundred pieces? Nie Li found 16 scrolls that were engraved with legendary bans. Unfortunately, the preservation was not so good. Ten of them were damaged. Only five of them could be repaired. After Nie Li had repaired the five, three gave Ye Zixuan.Two of them stayedNie Li stretched out a lazy waist. The things he could see in the treasure house of the city were almost all taken over. There were so many treasures in it that made him feel much more practical.[Love \ to \ small \ said \ net www.] Suddenly, Nie Li's eyes fell on a number of treasures, a mysterious egg, this egg is probably about one-third of the size of the disc, whole body red Gold, engraved with many mysterious runesNie Li feels that he is a memorandumBut the above runes, Nie Li, could not be understood at all, full of mysteries and miracles.This rune is very strangeNever seen itSeeing Nie Li's eyes falling on a strange egg, Ye Zixuan asked with wonder: "Nie Li, what is this?" "I don't know?" Nie shook his head and smiled. Kinds of beasts, ten or eight Nie Qi can call namesBut what makes Nie away feel depressed is that he doesn’t know exactly what the egg is.The runes on this egg are too mysterious and Nie dared not touch it.Even Nie Li does not know what the egg is. Ye Ziyan was a bit surprised because Nie Li had known everything since he knew him. Ye Zixuan also thought that there was no thing in this world that Nie did not know."Then what should we do?" Ye Zixi asks Nie to askNie Li stared at this mysterious egg. He keenly sensed the slightest breath inside the egg. The creature inside the egg was still alive. This breath gave inexplicable pressure to Nie."What exactly is it?" Nie thought secretlyNie suddenly thought of something. In the heart, he slowly gathered together the soul power of the soul and injected it into the egg.Do not know what kind of beast is in the egg, once the other party has absorbed its own soul power, is assimilated by own soul power, then it will be tamed! After the slightest soul power was injected into this egg, Nie felt that the smell in the egg seemed to exclude some of Nie's soul power, forming a thing in a knot of enchantment, and Nie Li's soul power unexpectedly. Can't pass inFeel the power of this enchantment, Nie Centaur surprised, this is definitely a very high evil animal, and it may not come from this worldBecause it's still an egg, you have this kind of enchantment power, and it's basically a monster above the god level.Nie Li tried to inject soul power countless times, but all failed. This was a bit discouraged. Nie suddenly felt that the pages of the pages of the space-time demon spirit book were blooming with a touch of light.Could it be this egg that inspired the pages of the Book of Demon Spirit? Nie Li thought for a moment and took out the pages of the Book of Demon Spirit, and saw that the pages of the book of the demon and demon spirit flew slowly into the air, and a faint white glow shone down and landed on it. On this mysterious egg, the pattern of eggshells, a path of light swiftly circulates, and a golden brilliance shines, echoing the glory of the Book of Time and Space Spirits.This magical scene made Nie Li and Ye Zixi look a bit sluggish.Book of Demon Spirit? Could it be that this egg does not have any wonderful connection with the Book of Demon Spirit? Wicked beast, space and time demon spirit ... ... Nie murmured and murmured, and suddenly there was a wonderful association between mind, could it be that Wicked animal is the legendary time and space Wicked not? The Wicked beast of time and space is the most mysterious existence of all Wicked beasts. Only in some documents has there been some recordsIt is said that the spooky beast is extremely difficult to capture, and the eggs of the spooky beast are rare and rare, and there is no record in the literature.In ancient times, some people had discovered the trails of the monsters of time and space. Among them, there was a large number of monsters called space-time elk. When people discovered that kind of beast, they basically grazing animals. Around them, there will be time and space, and once someone approaches them, they will suddenly be swallowed by time and disappear.They arbitrarily shuttled through the grasslands, appearing here from time to time, and in the next moment they may appear in an extremely remote place, and may suddenly disappear.Once disappeared, the space and time elk are likely to be in the same place thousands of years ago, or they may be in the same place thousands of years later, because they can freely shuttle through the river of time, but the space and time elk have never Will not come in contact with too many people or beasts, they will not change the track of historyIn addition to the space and time elk, the space and time monsters recorded in historical materials, only space-time Sirius, space-time magic lion, it is the enemy of time and space elk, to kill time and space elk for a livingNo matter whether it is space-time elk or space-time Sirius or space-time devil, it seems that neither is an egg-laying creature.The brilliance of the pages of the Book of Demon Spirits shines on the egg shells. The lines on the egg shells are dazzling and sometimes dark. Nie Li’s soul is converging into a trace, searching for flaws in the enchantment. When the lines of light on the shell are a bit bleak, Nie suddenly feels a crack in the enchantment.Nie liberated soul power into it.Nie Li feels like his mind is blasting and the brain is running very fast. The idea is like a sudden shuttle for centuries. Some pictures of past and present, flashing through the mindThe mysterious egg constantly absorbs the soul power of Nie from the sea of ​​soul, and swallows it inwards.Feeling that the power of the soul was drawn out, Nie was shocked, and he quickly pulled back the soul, feeling that this mysterious egg no longer absorbed its own soul power.Nie suddenly had a wonderful feeling. The smell in this piece of eggs seemed to be strengthened, and Nie felt that he seemed to have formed an inexplicable connection with this egg."I'll take this egg first and study it later."Nie left to see Ye Zixie"Ok"Ye Ziyun nodded. Anyway, in this treasure house, Nie Yi can think of anything.Nie Li took this mysterious egg into the space ring. He faintly felt that the egg was mysterious, and he did not know if the future could be solved.Recovering the pages of the Book of Demon Spirits, Nie Li and Ye Zixun, together with the treasurer of the cityAt this moment, there was a sudden squeal in the sky. Nie looked up and saw a big bird in the sky.In the midst of Nie’s eccentricity, only the spirits in the sky flew down and flew“Nie is a kid, I will never do this errand after my ancestors. I’m really bored."Ye Yan ancestors said depressed“Ye Yan’s first ancestor, the Dark Guild was lawless. Do whatever you want. You are helping the city of glory to eradicate cancer. You should not be happy to be so glorious and lofty.” Nie Li said with a smile.“I’ve been dead for thousands of years for the old man. These little things don’t make me worry. I’ve got a dark guild. It’s asking for trouble!” In Ye’s ancestor’s view, whether it’s the various cities of the glorious city. The family, or the dark guilds, are descendants of his descendants! (To be continued) For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience