Seeing Shenyue’s fists being opened by Nie Li slowly, Shen Yue’s face showed a painful look and Shen Yue’s group of attendants were stupid."What's going on? What happened to Shen and Yue's boss?" They stared at Shenyue. In their opinion, Shen Yue's lessons from Nie Li must have been more than enough, but why did Shen Yue show such a painful look? What's happening here? Du Ze and Lu Geng and others were not surprised at such scenes, but they were self-possessed. Since they practiced the exercises taught by Nie Yi, their cultivation was also leaps and bounds. Although the soul power has not yet reached 100, their strength There has been a substantial increaseThe deities from Nie’s practice are certainly stronger than theirs. They do not know how far Nie Li’s cultivation has been. It is certainly more than enough to suppress Shenyue! What they didn't know was that Nie had been slower than they were doing. Although strength is still relatively small, Nie left the vast and vast knowledge of his past lives, even if it is an ordinary person who has not undergone any cultivation. More than enoughNie said coldly: "Aster is not what you want to call. If I discover you follow Ziyun the next time, then I will see you once and beat you once!" Rebirth comes back, Nie away does not allow anyone Ye Zifei heartless! That feeling of life and death and mutual feelings is not something that Shen Yue can understand.“This is not possible. How could I lose?” Shen Yue’s heart was strongly resigned. He couldn’t imagine how he would actually lose in the hands of Nie Li’s. His expression became paralyzed. “This You forced me!” Shen Yue’s soul surged up, and a stock of soul power penetrated the body and attacked Nie away from the past.Although he did not master the demon spirits, Shen Yue could already use soul power to directly bombard Nie’s soul.Shen Yue’s soul power has reached 78, and Nie Li’s soul power was two days ago and it’s still more than 30 points.Nie's soul power is only half that of Shen Yue! "Well, Nie Liqing has only cultivated soul power for only two days. His soul power should be better than Shen Yue.Duze looked a change, but unfortunately they were too far away, and some of Shenyue's followers stopped. There were six bronze grades in the class, so they could not be approached.Shen Yue mobilized the soul sea to the maximum, and the soul surged to Nie Li"Haha, such a weak soul power, dare to arrogate in front of me!" Shen Yue felt that Nie Li's soul power was very weak. With his soul strength, he could completely crush Nie Li! "I do not know the so-called!" Nie Li sneered and sneered aloud, past life he challenged many demon spirit masters, as well as countless powerful super-witch beasts, these demon spirit masters, super-witch beasts in addition to powerful soul, The ability to manipulate the soul power has also reached amazing heightsAlthough Nie Li’s soul power is still very weak in this world, Nie’s accumulated experience after numerous deaths and deaths is still in previous lives, and his ability to manipulate the soul is still there. Even if there are only more than 30 soul forces, even the real bronze The psychic teacher came over, but also did not want to discuss in his body a trace of benefits! Shen Yue's use of the soul power is simply rough and simple, and it will only push souls to bombard the other's soul sea. In Nie Li's view, it is just like the barbarians of some mountain tribes.Soul power is not so used! In Nie Li's view, Shen Yue is a flaw in his body. As long as Nie Li is willing, the Shen Yue between breathing is already a dead body lying on the ground! However, the city of glory is not allowed to kill people. What's more, it is in this sacred place of Shenglan College, and it cannot kill anyone.Nie Li was too lazy to kill Shen Yue, because in Nie Li's view, Shen Yue did not pose any threat to him! Does a tiger take a chicken as its own threat? Some people are ridiculous, but consciously, Shen Yue feels that his soul is under pressure, and his face shows an ecstatic expression. He can almost imagine the painful look of Nie.As soon as Shen Yue’s soul power was bombarded on the sea of ​​the soul of Nie Li, Nie Li's soul power was fused into a bundle, like a fine needle, and he went to Shen Yue’s soul power.The soul power of Shen Yue was spread out, and the soul power of Nie Li was condensed into a very thin bundle. Although Nie Li used only a small part of the soul power, he was still easily thrust into the air. Shen Yue's soul power inside“Ah!” Shen Yue’s screams of savage pig-killing screams, and the soul power of Nie Li’s whereabouts, Shen Yue’s soul powers were defeated, and Nie Li’s soul force directly bombarded Shen Yue’s soul.There is a kind of pain pierced in the soul sea. Shen Yue’s big bean sweat rolls down and sighs with a big mouth and mouth, like seeing something terribly scary.The soul of the sea is concussed, and the mind is shaken. Shen Yue's vision is gradually blurred. Nie Li in front of him is like a mountain! Let him raise a feeling of incomprehension! The coldness of Nie’s coldness raised the slightest chill in his heart.Nie Li's eyes are like a scabbard's sword. Past lives have experienced countless lives and deaths. Countless powerful people who died under Nie's palms have come back. The biting chill, this terrible atmosphere, is not the kind of kid that Shen Yue can fight against.Shen Yue was frightened and his pants were cold."What's going on? What happened?" Next to Shen Yue's several bronze one-star attendants, he also showed a puzzled look.They obviously felt that the soul power of Shen Yue was much stronger than that of Nie Li and clearly occupied an advantage. Why did the final soul sea defeat Shen Yue? What happened just now? Nie Li's movements are too fast. They have not reacted at all! "I was really scared, and it was really stinky. It was based on your waste and dared to threaten me.I am too lazy to waste time with you, give me a roll, and later stay away from me! "Nie Lifu picked up Shen Yue. Shen Yue's body was actually picked up by Nie from one hand, and he raised his hand toward the outside.Shen Yue was thrown out of the window and fell heavily on the ground, raising a thick layer of dust.The followers of Shen Yue quickly rushed out and slapd it up. They saw Shen Yue’s trousers were actually a“Come on, let me go!” Shen Yue's pupils are locked. He is still in fear, under the crotch.Shen Yue’s followers quickly rushed away with Shen Yue.Several of the students in the library who knew Nie Li and Shen Yue were all blindfolded. Nie actually handcuffed Shen Yue in one hand and threw Shen Yue out of the window! Is this a dream? In the junior class of military apprentices, Nie Li's talent is totally incomparable with Shen Yue. Everyone thinks that Nie Li will be taught, but he did not expect that Nie Li was taught, but Shen Yue! Although many people did not see clearly the process of the two sides, Shen Yue did indeed lose. This is an indisputable fact."Haha, Shen Yue was actually scared to pee his pants. This is clearly the soul of the sea was broken. Is it possible that Nie Li's soul power is stronger than Shen Yue?" "It is said that Nie Li had been with Shen Xiu If he reaches the bronze one star within two months, Shen Xiu tutor will have to dismiss automatically. The original Nie Li was already well-prepared!” “Nie Li only has a red soul sea, how could it be raised so fast?” The students were talking one after anotherNie Li and Du Ze and Lu Piao and others looked at each other. Du Ze and Lu Piao and others were all reddened up. They all had a strong excitement and ecstasy. They learned lesson from Shen Yue today, and they were too dispelled.Before the class, Shen Yue had always been no one in sight. They had long been watching Shen Yue's bad mood! The library’s incident caused a slight wave of confusion among the students. However, it did not have much impact on the huge Shenglan College. Soon it calmed down. Nie Li and others continued to practice hard.Shen Xiu's office“What did you say? You were thrown out of the library by Nie Li?” Shen Xiuyin said. “Your strength is 63, and your soul power is 78. Isn't Nie better than you?” Shen Yue When I think of what I just did, I still feel bad about it. The savage murderousness left a deep shadow in his heart. When I think of it, I still feel frightened, and the soul and sea are turbulent. I can't calm down for at least one month. The progress of his cultivation will probably be very SLOW"My aunt, Nie is a fool from the guy. His strength is obviously weaker than me, but he grabs my wrist and my entire arm has no strength.My soul power is much stronger than he is, but I don’t know why my soul power collapsed when I touched his soul."Shen Yue recalled that he was still full of puzzlement. Until now, he still does not understand how he lost! Shen Yue's face is full of iron and blue, his anger is almost twitching, he is scared to pee his pants, this thing is too shameful." Nie Li, I'm not finished with you! Shen Yue's fists are giggling, and this hatred is not altogether! "What is his strength and soul power? "Shen Xiu frowned and she naturally won't forget the agreement between her and Nie. If Nie Li reaches the bronze one-star realm in two months, she will automatically resign!" At most he has only 30 strengths. His soul power is estimated to be up to 10! Shen Yue said his feeling"Waste, so you lost?" Shen Xiu criedShen Yue opened his mouth to excuse, but he could only shut up in an aggrieved manner. He did not even think that he would lose.Nie Li's soul power is so weak, but he can defeat him so easily and break his soul! "Maybe this kid is good at controlling the power and the power of the soul!" Shen Xiu has met some of the world. She guessed, "Some people are very weak in spirit, but they have a strong talent for control, and they can be weak and strong.However, he wants to reach the bronze one-star realm within two months. It is not so simple! "Shen Xiu Qing grunted"Ok“Shen Yue nodded his head, and the contact between Nie Li and Ye Zixuan made him feel a strong threat. He hoped that Nie Li would quickly withdraw from school and roll far!