Looking at the two terrible existences in the void, the masters of various families are shocked. They really deserve to be two peak families, and their genus is not what ordinary people can imagine."The two big peak families still don't know how many cards are not revealed.Shadow magic and Fengshui Lingshen battles together, and the sky is dark and gloomy.The shadow magic also does not show weakness.The burst of strength of one stock shook out, and it seemed that the masters of the various families below would be completely submerged.This force is not at all common silver or even the gold military, the demon spirits can fight, they have to withdraw, look far awayThe strength of Fengshen Lingshen is stronger than that of the shadow magic. The snow and snow of the heavens are enshrined in the shadow magic. The cold temperature seems to make the shadows and devils still stiff, and they are covered with layers of frost.Fengshui Lingshen is like a god from ancient times. His lower body is in a terrible storm of snow and ice. His body is huge and huge, like a mountain.Swings the ice axe and slams down violently, rolling up endless wind bladesThe shadow magic is screaming fiercely and relentlessly under the attack of this wind and snow spirit.The black gold-class elders of those sacred families face very ugly. They thought that summoning shadow magic was enough to suppress the powerful people of the wind and snow family, but did not expect that Ye Xiu actually summoned the guardian of the wind and snow family. Fengshui Lingshen, that terrible power, completely suppressed the shadow magicFor many years, they thought that the spirit of snow was just a legend.Nie Li, who was flying all the way, saw the snow spirit like the mountains. Suddenly he stopped and said, "I'm saying Ye Xiu didn't prepare early.At the beginning of the war, the demons of the demonic spirits were motivated. It turned out that they had been prepared for a long time and it was not true that the family of Feng Xue was not a vegetarian."Nie Li vaguely remembers that when the glorious city of the previous world was shattered, he had seen this huge snow spirit god far away."It was only in the past world that it was such a powerful presence of Fengshen Lingshen that it was submerged in endless animal tides.The reason why Ye Xiu hasn't touched the magic demonsInstead, they chose the spirit of snow spirits, it is estimated that the magic monster will be the last big hole as the card, anyway, Fengshen spirit has been exposed many times, but the million magic demon spirit array, but it is a never turned Passed cardsSince this is the case, there is no need to motivate the demons of the demons for a while now.Summon Snow Spirit Spirit to suppress all of the Holy FamilyThe shadow devil screams madly and sternly, catches the snow spiritThe black shadow is like numerous steel bladesFengshen Ling Shen indulged, giant palms to those dark shadows to catch, hey, I saw these black shadows bombard the hands of the spirits of the snow spirits, all like a collision on the iron wall of the copper wall, simply can not snow snow spirit God caused any harmFengshen Lingshen seized the shadow magic, a share of ice and snow power toward the shadow magic volume, shadow magic body quickly frozenI saw the shadow magic kept struggling, screamingIn order to break free from the bondage of the Snow Spirit, it was eventually frozen into an icicleThe dark gold elders of those sacred families yelled and ran out of their blood.The shadow magic is that they have exhausted the soul power to summon it. After the shadow magic is frozen, their soul power has been severely damaged.Ye Xiuleng, who was standing under the spirit of the Snow Spirit, grunted: “How could a shadow demon in the district be instigated by the wind and snow family? In the land of my Feng Xue family.Still dare to let go? "Every time you summon the snow spirit, you need to spend a lot of Holy Spirit stones. The Holy Spirit stones stored by the Wind Snow family are only enough for summoning the Spirit of the Wind Spirit three times, so every call is made.Must be very careful, but since the magical demon spirit array, Feng Xue family has added another hole card, so Ye Xiu can decisively summon the spirit of snow spirit.Shadow magic is defeated, there is such a strong presence of spirits of snow spirits, and these people of the sacred family must die! Fengshen Lingshen bent down, the giant palms to the black gold class elders of the sacred family to catch, as long as the wind and snow spirits caught, the black gold class elders of these sacred families will be instantly frozen, and then broken into seven Zero and eightAt this point, Shen Hong saw this scene and was already in a hurry. He wanted to get rid of the attack a few times, but he was obsessed with Duan Jian. How could he get rid of it?If he is there, although the wind and snow spirits will not be defeated, the shadow magic will not be lost so easily. Ye Xiu and others won't win so easily.Shen Hong calmly, why did that person still not come! Should the sacred family be abandoned by the Dark Society? Nie Liwei looked away, and the sacred family's background was still inferior to Feng Xue's family. It did not seem that he needed to push the magic demons.Seeing the giant hands of the Snow Spirits, they must be caught in the black gold class elders of the Holy Family. All of a sudden, a black light shrouded these black gold elders.Feng Shuiling’s hand crashed on the black light, but it bounced back, unable to move on."Feng Xue family really deep inside, this snow spirit spirit, the strength is really good!" In the sky, a man with two black wings behind him, is quietly suspended in front of the spirit of the snow spirit, that faint The voice, although light, but the audience can hearLooking at the young man in front of him, Ye Xiu’s eyes narrowed slightly: “I have never seen you before, but you are...” “Dark Society, sneaky!” Young Long laughed. “The current darkness is temporary. Association of law enforcement eldersMy master has temporarily retired and retired. The Dark Guild is temporarily under the control of the ghosts and me. When my master leaves, it will reach an unimaginable peak.All the resistance of the wind and snow family is superfluous, so long as the wind and snow family are willing to surrender to my dark guild, my dark guild will give the wind and snow family a chance to make you a division of the dark guild! "" The mouth is mad! "Ye Xiu cold groaned," You still say these with the Snow Spirit Spirit! "Wind Snow Lingling grabbed at the ghostsThe ghostly body was suddenly bursting out of the black light and a black ball was formed. The giant palm of the snow spirit was caught on top of the black ball and squeezed hard. The instant ice covered the ball. , but despite the spirit of snow spirits how hardIt's totally impossible to break this black ballSeeing this scene, Ye Xiu's brow wrinkled, and even Feng Ling Ling Shen could not break through this defense. Then this ghost must have the strength of the legendary realm.A legendary realm, actually claiming to be a servantHow powerful is that person? "By destroying the division of my dark guild, even the lair of the sacred family has been copied by you. The family of wind and snow is actually harder to deal with than I thought, but I put my words here. If the family of Feng Xue surrenders, there is still a way out. If you don’t, then I’m not polite.” The ghost’s grunted and his right hand slowly liftedIn the direction of Fengshui Lingshen, he drank with a low cry, and saw the palm of his right palm shoot a hot black flame against the wind and cold spirits of the Snow Spirit.The flame slowly took advantage and pushed the spirit of the snow spirit backwards little by little.“Is a snow spirit spirit in the district, dare to confront me?” The ghost’s cold grunted and he stood in volley, revealing a terrible momentum that was hard to match.ActuallyEven the wind spirits can not fight against them? This ghost is actually strong enough to reach such a peak.So the true ruler of the Dark Society, the demon Lord? What is the horrible existence? At this time, the powerful people of all families are also terrified. The powerful strength of the ghosts really threatens them.You know, the spirit of the snow spirit is a transcendental existence that no one can match.Has reached the peak of the legendary environmentIs this ghostly, but also the existence of a legendary ambiguous existence? With his extraordinary strength, to destroy the city of glory, I am afraid there is no problemYe Xiu frowned, he always felt something was wrongBut it is impossible to say anything. The ghosts in the void are indeed very terrible.Since the ghost has such strength, plus a demon master, why not simply destroy the glorious city? What is the reason for this? Shen Hong saw this scene, and his mouth suddenly showed an arrogant sneer. The strength of the sneaky player was personally seen. It was already a legendary existence. When the demon masters go out, there is no doubt that the family of wind and snow will be exterminated. This is also the reason why the sacred family has turned to the dark guild.After so long years of accumulation, the strength of the Dark Guild is no longer what the glorious city can fight against! Ye Mo is still alive, and the Dark Communal Council may have jealousy of the city of glory, but Ye Mo gradually grows old. The Dark Society will have aspirations for the city of glory.Seeing this scene, Nie Li giggled: “A black gold peak has no more than Ye Zong’s existence. It is actually a legendary peak. Although the treasure is really good, but it’s loaded in front of me. It's too tender!" Nie looked at it with a glanceWhether the demon master has legendary strength or not, is not in the realm of impact on the legend, Nie Li is not clear, but in front of this ghost, but absolutely no legendary peak strength! "There is that treasure, he can indeed advance and retreat, unless I open the magic demon array!" Nie away from the distance to the center of the demon magic demon look at the distance, only a million demons demon spirit array, can the ghost Leave behindTo listen to this ghostly tone, it should be the third character of the Dark Guild. It is a big fish and it is worth to use the magical demon spirit.The magical demons of the million demons are the cards of the family of Feng Xue. To the thought of Ye Xiu and others, they can really use them without using them. However, Nie Li’s idea is not the same. A hole card is opened, and then a few more will be prepared. The card can beSoon, Nie Li entered the center of the demons of the Demon Spirit and began printing.The sneaky monster suppresses the snow-capped spirits and overlooks the strong people of the glorious city below. The masters of the various families of the glorious city can not help but be extremely pessimistic. The Yemoi adults are not there. This large shining city and who is the ghosts? Opponent? Suddenly, a low voice came“Look over there!” “It was the Lord of the City, and the Lord of the City is coming back!” Ye Zong extinguished the dark guild branch, copied the lair of the sacred family, and came back to rescue him without stopping. But when he returned, he saw the ghost. Suppression of this sceneDid dark guild masters also move? Never imagined that the masters of the Dark Guild actually got into the glorious city.Even the Spirit of Spirits and Winds were suppressed, and the power of this ghost really reached a level that he could hardly imagine.The dark guild dispatched such masters to destroy the glorious city? With Ye Zong’s current strength, it is also definitely not a sneaky opponent. If it goes up, it is sure to be dead! However, at this time, he cannot shrink back. He is the god of war in the shining city. The pillars of all the people of the glorious city. If he flinch, everyone in the shining city will become the slave of the Dark Guild.Ye Zong’s brain passed through one picture, Ye Zixuan, Nie Li, Ye Mo, etc. His eyes gradually became firmer."In order to protect the tranquility of my splendid city, Ye Zong has no regrets!" At this time, Ye Zong, faced with an enemies many times stronger than he, was unusually firm in his eyes and took a step toward the void above him. Oh, oh, a soul power squat slowly under his feet(To be continued) u