Readx (); Nie is slightly away from the eyes, this palm, he uses all the power of the demons of the demons, no reservationsHeaven and earth trembled, this horrible voice turned into a sound wave, swept around, and momentarily lifted the strong people of the families below and turned them upside down. The surrounding buildings could not withstand the embarrassment and collapsed.A terrible power! This is simply not the power humans can achieve! Whether it was Ye Zong or many black gold powerhouses, they all looked shocked. No matter who they face this power, I am afraid they will be immediately crushed into powder.When Long Hao touched this force, he instantly became pale and the muscles on his arms burst open. This force was enough to completely exterminate his dragon's flesh, and he would be watched by this stormy wave. The general strength engulfed, Long Hao quickly mobilized a few treasures in his handOne piece of treasure is cracked into ashes. These treasures are legendary objects that the demon Lord has given him, including patron saints, dark light shields, etc.But these things, after counteracting a part of the power of the demonic demon spirits, they have completely disappeared.Long Hao can't imagine it. This magical demon spirit is actually strong enough to reach the peak level. Even these legendary treasures cannot protect him.The dragon man flew out hundreds of meters away and stopped. His chest continued to undulate, and his body's clothes burst into pieces, covered in wounds, and hesitated.Had it not sacrificed a few legendary treasures, I feared that Long Hao had already diedWith their own legendary strength, in front of this magical demon spirit array is so vulnerable! In the eyes of the dragon, he was overestimated his strength.Ye Zong and others did not expect Long Hao to be so powerful, just the second character of the Dark Guild.It has already been strong enough. What kind of presence is the greatest demon lord of the Dark Society? Long lived in the chestThe pale face, with a hint of admiration, said: "This magic demon spirit is a bit of a secret.If it weren’t for a few treasures, I’m afraid that I’m already defunct. Since I’ve taken this trick, I’ll be waiting for you at the Dark Guild! If you cannot wait for three months, then we can only come to please! "Afterwards, Long Hao plundered together with the sneaky stare and disappeared into the sky in an instant."Looking at the dragons and ghosts flitting away, Nie's eyelids are slightly slim.If he continues to motivate the demons, he can still leave the dragons and ghosts, but if he really kills the dragons and ghosts, Nie is worried that he will lead the demon lord of the dark guild.Dragons are strong to this extent, the demon Lord is even more difficult to deal with, and is likely to be a Lingbao reincarnation of the masterpiece of several times, the strength of the I am afraid also in the Ye Mo, once you know the dragon and the ghosts If you are killed, if you launch a madness, I am afraid that the City of Glory will be in a greater crisis.Long Hao now has some taboos on his strength.It was agreed to three months. It wouldn't be too big to wait for three months and then said, although the three months are a bit short.However, Nie Li’s cultivation is enough to upgrade several levels. At that time, Ye Mo’s adults should also come back.Long Yao mistakenly thought that he was a strong man who had been reincarnated several times by Ling Su. He still had a bit of jealousy of him. Since he has been agreed for three months, he will certainly not refuse to say anything."That would be three months later."Nie took a look from the eyebrows and secretly thoughtYe Zong, Ye Xiu et al. fell to Nie Li’s side“This dragon is at least the strongest player of the legendary Samsung. There is a monster master with unpredictable strength on him. If these people are attacking the city of glory, I am afraid we can't stop it!” Ye Zong sighed. ChannelYe Xiu et al.The blow that Nie Li just launched was so strong that it was amazingActually still can't kill Dragons, Dragons' strength is really amazingAs for the mysterious demonEven more unimaginable“We have been jealous of the Dark Society. They also have taboos against us. Ye Zong’s adults and Ye Mo’s adults are already legendary. If you really want to kill a fish, their losses will be very heavy.Nie Li said“Nie Lizao, are you really not a strong reincarnation of Lingju?” Ye Zong’s eyes fell on Nie Li’s body. Before Nie Li’s conversation with Long Yu’s, Ye Zong’s understanding of some“Every night in Lingjuan’s life is subject to the burning pain of the soul, suffering from the eternal sufferings of the world, who will use this bizarre evil method? I am just a little earlier than the others and open the legendary wisdom.Nie Li quickly found an excuse to explainWisdom? Ye Zong and others were a little upset, but they thought for a moment that Nie Li did not seem to be the person of Lingju reincarnation.“After being reincarnated, Lingju will become closer to the legendary peak. If you break that barrier, you will be able to step into a higher realm. I think that the demon master has infinitely approached that realm."Nie left his eyes deep, this mysterious demon Lord, gave Nie Li great pressure, want to save the glorious city, we must overcome the demon Lord! Have to think of ways to improve repairs! Ye Zong, Ye Xiu et al. Staring into the distance, the crisis in the City of Glory is far greater than they thought.Ye Zong knows a bit why Yeh Mo is always wrinkled and worries after coming back.Although Ye Zong did not know where Ye Mo had gone, Ye Zong knew that Ye Mo was monitoring the dark guild in a certain place and he explored some secrets to let the City of Glory have more capital to fight against the Dark Society.The sacred family was destroyed and the Dark Society defeated. This is a good thing for the City of Glory.After looking around, after a war, it was already a messy situation. The loss of masters of various families is still very high, but these latter things are handled by Ye Zong.The deadline of three months, Nie Centrifuge is still full of sense of urgency, he and the demon master, there will inevitably be a battle! The demon master is the existence of a legendary peak level! At this time, among the mountains thousands of miles away, the dragons fell down with ghosts and left several footprints on the snow.“Dragon, what happened to your injury?” the sneaky squire asked, but Long Hao had a dragon blood body, and he was seriously injured after facing a battle with the demons.Recall that the mighty demons of the demon spirits are still in their hearts."I didn't think that the demons were so powerful that they almost shattered my soul."Dragon smiled and said," Although I used three legendary treasures to keep a life, but the physical collapse is too bad, it is estimated that this injury, do not want to cure in two years, there will be very good for the future of cultivation Big influence"Long lived on his chest, coughed a few times, spit out blood, and was extraordinarily eye-catching in the white snow.""So serious?""I have practiced so far. In the past ten years, except for the demon master, very few people have been able to hurt me. I did not expect that today I had planted a comer, and I saw the power of the demons and demons!" Long said. "In my opinion, the array of demons and demon spirits will be able to kill the most powerful legendary players. With my means and body, they should be able to cope with it. I did not expect to be harmed to the soul!" The people of the magic demon squadron are extremely dangerous. After that, they must be prepared for precautions!” Long Hao’s heart was in a realm of desolation, and he was glad to be able to run it. Fortunately, this body was strong enough, otherwise it would be a little bit worse."Ah!" The sneaky nodded, and I remembered that the chill was rising at the back of the spine. Even the dragons almost died under the magical array of demons. It was lucky that they could come back alive."We went back to the Dark Guild and informed all the subordinates of the Dark Guild. Within three months, we must not take a step without my orders! We waited for the demon and the Lord to clear the door and do another determination!" Long Yao said that he had produced Nie Yi. Deep envy, perhaps the other party is also a strong reincarnation of Lingju, before the demon Lord adults did not leave the customs, if the other party to find clues to follow, then he must dieAnd now he does not exist for ten amendments. I am afraid that even Ye Zong is not an opponent.They took a short break in place and rushed to the headquarters of the Dark Society.The longer you stay outside, the more dangerous you areThe main city government has experienced a major battle. The Shrine is full of ruins.When the inhabitants of the City of Glory knew that the sacred family had betrayed the city of glory and sought refuge with the Dark Society, they spurned the Holy Family.Fortunately, the sacred family was exterminated, and the dark guild that was invaded was also repulsed. It was learned that the two masters of the Dark Society were seriously injured and escaped.For this war, the most talked about by the crowd is the Nie Li who has driven the demons of the demon spirits to fight back, and can defeat the dark guild.After experiencing the Beast Tide and this war with the Dark Society, Nie Li’s prestige in the City of Light was only inferior to Ye Mo and Ye Zong.Many people believe that Nie Li is the next owner of Ye Mo and Ye Zong. Even if he is not the next landlord, at least Ye Zong’s son-in-lawAs for Ye Han, it became a traitor castrated by all the glorious cities.Although the strength of the demon lord is shrouded in the hearts of all people like a haze, but they still firmly believe that when the Ye Moi adults come back, there will be ways to deal with demons.The future of the City of Glory is still bright and they will never give up any hope.Ye Zong, Ye Xiu and others are all busy with the aftermathXiao Luer and others also went back to their respective families.The morning sun shines through the distant mountains and shines in the city of glory.After a night of war, the calm has been restored. The collapsed ruins are being rebuilt and it seems that they have renewed their vitality.(To be continued)