Ye Xiu's voice fell, and he saw countless guards who came in and hula shook in the main hall of the city. The guards shouted in unison: "The landlord personally sings, "If the people of the holy family would dare to leave this hall, they shall be treated as rebels, but no killer!" All the people of the Huyan family are obedient, and the Lord's Lord confesses. If the sacred family dares to leave, kill no one!” Hu Yanxiong also shouted loudly.“All the people of the family of the Holy Family heard the orders. This is the handcuffs that the Lord of the Lord gave me personally in the afternoon. If the people of the Holy Family dare to leave here, kill!”Nie departs from the eyebrows and even joins the family of St. Hell, and Ye Zong is ready for everything.Just a family of Saints, it is enough for a sacred family to drink a pot. It is impossible for a sacred family to go! The entire hall is changing and the war is imminentAll the family owners were somewhat off guard. They did not expect that the situation had reached such a serious level.If only Ye Xiu and Hu Yanxiong siege the sacred family, they are still a bit hesitant, but even the owners of St. James's family are all involved, and they are holding handcuffs. They can hardly help the Holy Family anymore.In the three great peak families, the Holy Family and the Snow Family have formed a united front. What else are they willing to hesitate? Even Sheng Mingshi family came forward, and Shen Hong’s face was full of color. How could he not see that the family of Feng Xue was actually going to work on them? Is this Shi Zong’s handcuffs true? Is Ye Zong still alive? Could it be Ye Han's kid? He was played by Ye Han? Fortunately, he has already made preparations; otherwise, he feared that he would all die here today! "Is it really chilling, my sacred family has made so much contribution to the city of glory. Today, the family of wind and snow is going to cross the river to remove the bridge?It's really sad to stir up civil strife! "Shen Hong shouted loudly“Shen Hong, when it comes to this matter, we have to discuss and discuss how the Holy Family has become one of the three great families of the city of glory, step by step.The list of deaths of the sacred family is all taken outAfter all the animal tides, the sacred family’s casualties were the smallest, almost negligible.In the past major battles, the Holy Family had the least number of fights and kept its strength. Only then did it become one of the three great peak families. During the suppression of other families, did you do less? "Nie laughed with a sneer," said the contributionThe casual presence of one family is greater than the contribution of your sacred family! "After hearing Nie Li's words, many family members all recalled that the losses of the previous sacred families were indeed the smallest. Every time every animal tidal wave was lost, the only sacred family, every time after the tidal wave,The status power will continue to rise, gradually becoming one of the three great peak families from a small family! "This is a distraction! My sacred family has lost a lot.But every time the animal tide, we are doing our best, there is no trace of reservation! “Shen Hong looked up at Nie Li’s fury"No reservation? It's funnyThe actions of the sacred families must be seen in the eyes of other families, and it is useless for Shen Hong’s family to refute them.Nie said with a cold smile, "BesidesWe also have mastered the conclusive evidence that the sacred family colludes with the Dark Society. Should we show the letters that the Holy Family communicates with the Dark Society? "" Why do you want to add sin? "Shen Hong giggled with his fists." Sadly, how many things my sacred family did for the City of Lights?Actually landed on this fieldIt's a sacred family today, and I don't know which family is the next time! "Shen Hong, this old fox, really is a razor-sharp, and even Ye Zong also understands that even if they come up with conclusive evidence, Shen Hong is certainly not to admit it, and it is impossible to bind the sacred family. When it was time to speak with forceAt this moment, a gray-robed old man rushed in and fell beside Shen Hong. He said a few words around Shen Hong. Shen Hong’s face changed greatly."Ye Xiu, they have already betrayed the city of glory. Tune the tiger and lead us here. The city of glory was attacked by the Dark Guild. The people of all the holy families killed with me!" Shen Hong yelled and took all The sacred people will go outShen Hong treacherously, at this time still confuses and hears Shen Hong. In addition to the few families who have been determined to stand on the wind and snow family, such as the Huyan family and the Holy Family, other families are a bit hesitant, if their families, Really attacked by the Dark Guild? However, even if they did not dare to join the war, they just sent people back to the family to see the situation.The family of Feng Xue, the family of the Holy Family, and the family of Huyan have already battled with the Holy Family and the scene has become chaotic.Shen Hong was the first person to hit the strongest of dozens of wind and snow families and Huyan families.In the city of glory, Shen Hong is the third strongest player after Ye Mo and Ye Zong. Its strength has reached the peak of the black gold and five stars. Without Ye Zong's presence, he is simply unstoppable and leads the sacred. Family rushed out of the hallThe family of Feng Xue and the families of the Huyan families all went all the way out of the hall and the fighting was even more chaotic.Ye Xiu flies away and is ready to mobilize the demons of the demon spirit. Once he drives the demon spirits, Shen Hong and others do not want to run away.Ye Xiugang just took action. Suddenly three dark shadows pounced on Ye Xiu. The three dark shadows were all black gold-class strongmen.“Looking at my sacred family, we have to pay the price!” Shen Hong grunted, his eyes fell on Nie Li in the distance, his eyes suddenly exposed the murder, the reason why the sacred family will fall to this day In the situation, everything is related to Nie Li. "Dragging little things, how do I put you in pieces!" Shen Hong uttered a rage as if it were a flash of lightning and he rushed toward Nie.In Shen Hong's opinion, with his strength, he will retreat from Nie away and have no problems at all! Nie Li had long been paying attention to Shen Hong's move. He knew that Shen Hong would surely take a shot at himself and he would not be fond of fighting. He immediately swept toward the center of the magical demon spirit array.Although he only has gold-grade cultivation, there is no panic for Shen Hong to chase after him.“Hey, a gold level, where can I run?” Shen Hong’s speed is several times that of Nie Li’s and she’s getting closer and closer to NieThree hundred meters, two hundred meters, one hundred meters ... ... Seeing Shen Hong's attack will fall on the body of Nie Li, Nie from the right hand a move, his hands suddenly a guardian stone, slamming, patron saint stone Was pinched, Nie Li's body suddenly slowly opened up a transparent enchantmentAlas, Shen Hong's attack fell on this transparent enchantment, and the strength of the rebound shocked him. There was no breakthrough.What is this? Some kind of enchantment? Even his black gold power cannot break through? Shen Hong frowned. He obviously did not know what the patron saint was.However, after smashing Shen Hong's palm, this enchantment also burst into tears.In the moment of Shen Hong's sluggishness, Nie left his right hand and had already had a handful of red-flaming flying knives. The flying knife turned into a streamer and headed toward Shen Hong’s head."Hey, worms and tricks, but also dare to play in front of the old husband?" Shen Hong Lengheng a cry, condensing the soul of the right hand toward the flying knife to catch, in his view, a golden spirit of the spirits of the division thrown out of the fly Knife, isn't it easy to pick it up? With a bang, the red-flame knife directly pierced Shen Hong's palm and slammed it toward Shen Hong’s head.A good sharp knife can actually penetrate my hand? Shen Hong was overwhelmed with heart and hurriedly jerked his head. The red-flame knife flew over his cheek and left a trace of blood on his face. Just a little bit, his head was Red inflammation knife shot through! Smelled Shen Hong with a cold sweat. What kind of flying knife is it? It has such terrible power? The palm is pierced and Shen Hong is furious. As a black gold player, he is actually injured by a golden ant. This is a great shame! He quickly closed the hole in the palm of his hand and the blood quickly stopped."Bunny scorpion, see where you are running!" Shen Hong sneered and yelled, and it was a palm that moved away from Nie.After Nie had fallen apart from the enchantment of Zhou Zhou, he was smashed by Shen Hong. The body of Shen Hong did not have any pause and he was caught in the direction of Nie."Taste my blood-blood technique!" Nie Li suddenly fling and fling, six points Hanmang slammed toward Shen HongShen Hongzheng grabbed Nie Li and heard Nie Li’s words. His face suddenly changed. Before he was on the walls of the City of Glory, he saw the terrible power of the blood bomb bottle. What kind of poisonous things did Shen Hong dare to touch? Feeling that the six lasing came, Shen Hong body slamming, looting tens of meters, out of nowhereAt 6 o'clock, Hanmang burst into the air and some of the stone powder rushed down. Nothing happened.This six-point Hanmang, it is only six small stones, what is the art of blood explosion! In the blink of an eye, Nie Li has already flown out to a hundred meters."Oh, it's embarrassing to take the wrong thing. I'll go one step ahead!" Nie Li flies in the direction of the Central Line of the Demon Spirit.I did not expect to be turned away by Nie! Shen Hong was angry and distorted, pointing furiously at Nie away from the direction of escape. “I dare to play with the old man. When the old man is not ready for him, stop him!” Two dark shadows moved towards Nie. Go away, are two black gold level strong! The two black gold masters have been lurking in the dark, waiting for Shen Hong's dispatch at any time.“Going to support Nie Li!” Ye Xiu, who was fighting with several black gold masters, hurriedly slammed into Yeh.They completely did not expect that there are so many black gold masters hidden in the dark world. These black gold masters are guilty of poisoning and are definitely the dark guild people! Feeling two figures chasing behind one's own, Nie Li understands that this time does not have to kill not to move, right hand moves, removes a legendary scroll from the space ring, murmurs to sing, a moment later, sees this legendary scroll light Big releaseSunset thunderstorm surgery! (To be continued)