The night is gradually coming, the moon is bright, and everything is covered with a layer of veilNie Lixiang went to the place where Xiao Ninger met her last time. Looking far away, I saw glimmering moonlight. A young girl wearing a veil was quietly standing. Today she seems to have passed. Carefully dressed, dark hair falls like a waterfall, dotted with flowing silver ribbonThe white and delicate face, the long eyebrows and the long and delicate eyebrows, are refined and refined, with no trace of human passion.Sure enough, it is two big beautiful women who are equal to Ye Zixuan."I thought you weren't coming?" Xiao condensates on Nie Li's body."Why, I'm a contractor"Nie Li smiled slightly." No matter how busy you are, you must first cure your injuries first.""Thank youXiao Ninger whispered softly and felt full of gratitude.Nie Li looked down and looked at Xiao Tinger. Today Xiao Lier's dress is more moving than before. The white silk skirt outlines the slim figure and his chest bulges slightly. The long skirt extends to the knee and can be felt faintly. Double because of diligent cultivation and long tight legs, full of flexibility"It should be better now“Nie left Xiuling Yuzu feet, that exquisite ankle, like a beautiful crystal blue snow crystal, Yingying a grip, smooth and delicateThe place where it was bruised before, it's already faded."um, yesXiao Ninger nodded, and she was full of gratitude to Nie in her heart. After she was massaged by Nie, she slept very sweetly these evenings. She was not as hard as she used to be.Although she has been massaged once, her feet are held in the palm by Nie, still making her feel shy.Nie left to help Xiao Liner massage, while saying: "I want to ask you one thing, can you help me?" "Whatever the matter, as long as I can do itXiao Ning'er eyes full of sincerity"I have a million ghosts here. I want you to send people to pharmacies and help me buy yarrow."Nie said without a word“Xiao grass?” Xiao Xinger was slightly surprised and asked, “What do you want to buy aster grass?” Purple grass is a very cheap herb and is generally used only as a smoker.That is, dried clove grass and then burned like firewood, resulting in a large amount of smoke has insect repellent effectPurple grass is very much, and very cheap, a demon spirit can buy a lot, each year the shining city households do not know how much to burn off the purple grassAnd in addition to smoke, Aster grass does not seem to have other usesNie suddenly spend ten thousand magic money to buy so many purple grass, what do you want to do? "I have my own magic“Nie left the way. The reason why he helped Xiao Xinger to help him was because Xiao Luer’s is not easy to attract people to do this thing.Nie Li is getting too strong now, so keep a low profile“How much purple yarrow do you want?” “Of course, the more the better, how many yarrow plants are on the market.Nie LidaoXiao Geling really do not understand, so many purple cilantro can do? "Take this matter to me. I'll help you put money on it first. Ten thousand demon money is nothing for me!" Xiao Ninger said, although Xiao Xinger's family is now declining, but it is a giant. One of the family, Xiao Ning'er, as a deaf student, was very talented. He had never lost money from childhood to childhood. She basically had no expenses, and all the money was accumulated. There were also hundreds of thousands of demon spirits.Nie Yi thought for a moment and nodded. "Yeah, you can buy it for me first. The more you do, the better it will be for me. I will double your time."" No, this money is nothing“Xiao Ning'er hurriedly said she was happy to help Nie Li. After all, Nie Li’s kindness to her was too great. She didn’t know what to do yet. It’s nothing at all.After he had massaged his feet, Xiao Ning’s cheeks were redder. Even though he had his first experience, he was still very shy to massage the position of the pimple. She lowered her head one by one and silently.Today Xiao condenses a pink lace ribbon, which is more charming and sexy than ever before. The slightly bulging part and the delicate skin around her are looming.The seductive pink colour is even more sexy than before, and faintly glimpses the gutters. Nie Li hastened to look away and devoted himself to massaging the bruises in Xiao Liner's massage.“Are you taking medicine on time after you returned?” Nie Li asked. He gently kneaded his hands and massaged the surrounding acupuncture points to make the bruising slowly open. From time to time he felt the seductive softness."OkXiao Li'er Qiaolian was flushed with a red face. She was charming and moving. She thought of Nie before helping her modify her exercises. She said earnestly, "Nie Li. Since I practiced your modified exercises, I felt that my soul power has increased a lot."I think you are a real genius. Although we haven't noticed your talents yet, until one day, when you really show off your talents, you will shine brilliantly! Xiao Ning'er looked at Nie's cheek, slightly intoxicated, and she had a hint of despondency and sadness in her heart. On that day, I'm afraid she could no longer stand shoulder to shoulder with Nie. Under such pressure, Xiao Lier worked very hard these daysWhen Xiaolinger was heard, Nie Xiao smiled. He knew Xiao Geling was encouraging him.Reborn back, Nie Li's heart has been extremely strong, and he has no doubt that he will stand on top of the peak one day. What he wants to become is a more powerful existence that Bi Xiaoleng and others can imagine! But anyway, Nie Li must be thankful for Xiao Ting's concernDeacon's deacon's hallThe deacon of the sacred family, Shen Ming, is a silver demon psychic teacher. Although the repair is not very strong, he is still powerful in the sacred family because he is capable of dealing with the size of the sacred family.After hearing the following report, Shen Ming exposed his angry look.“A junior student in the apprenticeship class of the martial arts dares to clamour with my sacred family!” Shen Ming looked hazy, and Nie Li exposed the origin of the yan yan burst pattern. This caused a very bad influence among the great families. In order to eliminate the influence, Shen Ming spent a lot of means and sent people to explain to major families before he made an understanding.This matter touched the fundamental interests of the sacred family, but the sacred family could not find the trouble of Nie Li, because they heard that a big man is very valued by Nie Li.Only a few days later, news came again. Nie Li gave the family members of the sacred family Shen Yue to play in the school."Isn't Shen Young Master going to the bronze one star soon? Why isn't that Nie away opponent?" Shen Ming wondered, looking coldly at the men.The man felt a cold and cold look and suddenly said, "I'm not very clear. Master Shen Yue said that his strength and soul power are more than Nie Li. They don't know what Nie Li used. Black magic, defeated the young master Shen Yue"Hearing this man's words, Shen Ming frowned, what black art, Shen Yue must be inferior to skills, after losing an excuse to find their own, but a martial arts apprentice primary students how strong? I am afraid that even a bronze star No“Deacon Elder, do you want to report this matter to your family?” “No, this matter cannot tell the owner. The owner is attacking the legendary spirit teacher. As long as it is not a matter of the family’s life and death, this kind of thing is not necessary to sue the owner. The"In Shen Ming's opinion, Nie Li could not pose any threat to the sacred family." You check that Nie Li is not a family? "Yes, elders, we all checked out, it is the day mark family!" "" Day mark family? Hey, how can an ordinary family of aristocrats dare to challenge my top-family family? It is estimated that that ignorant child, and occasionally discovered the source of Chi Yan’s explosive burst, could not wait to show it off."Shen Ming thought that a small aristocratic family, the sacred family is simply impossible to look down. If you really send people to deal with Tianxie family, each family will certainly notice that when it seems that the sacred family is too stingy." Let Master Shen Fei pay more attention to this Nie Li. A few teenagers have a conflict. Fighting in school is also a matter of reason! After Shen Ming’s men heard Shen Ming’s words, they immediately realized that Shen Fei’s sixteen-year-old was already a silver demon psychic teacher. He was more than able to deal with Nie Lie’s strength. Shen Ming’s idea was to let Master Shen Fei’s School beats and beats Nie LiAfter thinking about it, Shen Ming hummed and said: "Now the storm of this matter has not yet passed, so wait and say.Wait for the storm to calm down and let Shen Fei master! "As a deacon of the sacred family, he must do something so that he can't leave anything to anyone."In the palace of the city, Ye Zixuan's mortuary is very delicately decorated here.At a desk, Ye Zixuan was looking down at what she was studying. From time to time she paused and kept her eyebrows meditatively. She tried to find the source of the 'Mengfenglingxue' Mingwen that Nie Li had painted from some books. She has failedWhere did Nie found this pattern? For a moment, a beautiful woman wearing a blue veil came in“Miss, what are you looking for?” said the lady with a humble smile."Xue Hao, you are Master Mingwen. Do you know what this Mingwen is from?” Ye Zizhao looked up to ask the beautiful woman.Xueyin's eyes fell on the paper in front of Ye Ziyi. Her eyes revealed the color of surprise, and asked, "Miss, where did you get this pattern? Why did I never see it?" Xue Ye has not seen this etched it?” Ye Ziyan surprised, Xue Yin is a master of Mingwen! Even she has not seen, Nie is not scribbled this Mingwen? "It seems like a hurricane, but it is not as if it is more powerful than a sudden snowstorm.“Xue Yin gestured a bit by hand and said,” The proportions are well-balanced, and I don’t know which master’s handwriting.Does Miss Fei meet a master of Mingwen? “Nie Li is a Master of Mingwen? This is impossible. How old was Nie Liyi? When Nie Li was thought to be very light-weighted, she would sketch out the Mingwen in a few strokes. Ye Ziyan’s heart was even more confused!