Shen Hongpi laughed at the meat and smiled. Tieqing said with a face: “Hu Yan’s brother jokingly said: How can the sacred family rejoice with the glorious city? How can it be possible to rebel?” “Aha, so that I can trust the old man.Hey," Hu Yan Xiong Lang laughedAlthough the two sides replied politely, but many of the family's masters did not laugh as loud as they did before. They felt the sweltering atmosphere of the air. Many of these owners were old foxes. They felt keenly that The relationship between the wind and snow family and the sacred family has been bad to very serious.Hu Yanxiong is the right-winger of the city’s lord. This move is definitely to test the sacred family.The people of the sacred family reacted so much that obviously they also prepared for the sword.At the front of the seat at this time, Nie Li, Ye Xiu and Ye Xie saw this scene.“Hu Yan’s man looks thick, but in fact he has a small, thin, clear heart, just tossed the bowl just to test the sacred family, the sacred family has a rebellious heart!” Ye Yan shook his head and sighed“Shen Hong’s wolf’s ambition has long been in vain for the glory of the glorious city, otherwise it will not try hard to make Shen Yue’s bastard close to the nephew.“Ye Xiu stunned me. The biggest crisis in Feng Xue’s family lies in the fact that there is no child under the head of Ye Zong’s knees. There is only one daughter. Although there is a son of Ye Han, the betrayal of Ye Han makes the family of Feng Xue’s family feel ashamed.Nie Zhongjue's micro-movement, but she did not expect Hu Yan-Lan to be old, was still a bit of energy. She could know that the sacred family had betrayed such confidential matters. It can be seen that Ye Zong should be very trustworthy for Hu Yanxiong.There was no loud noise in the hall. Shen Hong looked around. He felt faintly that all the spears seemed to point to the sacred family. Hu Yanxiong warned other families.The sacred family and the family of Feng Xue have already reached the point where they will tear their faces and keep other families away from the sacred family.Although the sacred family is one of the three great peak families, if one chooses one among the snow family and the sacred family, then all families will not hesitate to choose the snow family.We must know that the family of wind and snow has been the leader of the glorious cities for the past few centuries.It has reached an unimaginable level. It is not something that any other family can shake.Shen Hong coldly glanced at the families of the world’s owners. Those family owners had gone too far in order to avoid suspicion.Shen Hong looked up and saw that there were only three people in the hall: Ye Xiu, Ye Yu and Nie Li. He looked gloomy and only one person was drinking.The original sacred family had a very complete plan. If it can be successfully implemented, the sacred family will not have to pay too much for it.It will be able to overthrow the dominance of the wind and snow family in the city of glory, but now all this is because Nie left this damn guy to appear, and all of them were left alone.Shen Hong does not understand, is it true that the sacred family and Nie are not successful from past lives? Why does Nie from the beginning of this kid have to do against the sacred family? Shen Hong is inexplicable and extremely depressedNow the sacred family has come to a very embarrassing situation. Other families in the City of Glory are far away from the sacred family. The family of wind and snow also monitors and monitors the sacred family.The sacred family now has only two paths. One is gradually declining.The other is a counterattack of the United Dark Association.The first road, Shen Hong is absolutely reconciledChoose the second road, and once it fails, it will never be lost! The foundation of the sacred family will be completely destroyed in his hands.At this time, there was a restaurant in the City of Glory, and the headquarters of the Holy Family.There have been big battlesYe Zong rushed into the headquarters of the Holy Family and took the lead, flying several black gold powers successively.The guards of the city had surrounded the entire sacred family and even a bird could not fly out.However, Ye Zong and Feng Xueshi’s masters did not open their doors.Just hurt the people of the sacred family and controlled them one by one.Just as Ye Zong was ready to step into the sanctum of the Holy Family, the sacred family hall suddenly burst into a dazzling light. A mysterious mingled line circling like a storm, forming a barrier of enchantment.Ye Zongmei, a pick, is the Guardian of the Holy Family.This is the means of sacred family self-protection"Your big battle, you can only fight the Wicked only, how could it be able to defend me?" Ye Zong body robe hunting, step by step toward the front of the big walkSince the Holy Family was in the shining city for so many years, how could the family of wind and snow not know how many cards the Holy Family has in the end? Ye Zong had already discovered the sacred family long ago! The only thing I didn’t know was when the Holy Family started to cooperate with the Dark Society and what level of cooperation it had with the Dark Society.“Your betrayal of the glorious city, oh!” Ye Zong looks grave, physique into a huge body of snow and snow giant, roar loudly, the boundless storm snow towards the sacred family guardianSince the integration of the snow and ice giants, Ye Zong’s strength has been greatly improved. Only a slight chance has passed and he has been able to break through to the realm of legends. The giant snow storm has burst out under his control. The power is extremely amazingThe storm continues to impact on the sacred family guardian arrayNie Li et al. talked loudly, and they did not want to talk about the way things were done. The masters of all the families were also free to laugh and laugh.Shen Hong drank a few glasses of wine. The more he wanted to be, the more wrong it was. The people of all families were all together. The banquet still did not begin. It seemed to be delaying the time.What is the wind and snow family wanting to do? Suddenly thinking of something, Shen Hong was shocked by a cold sweatShen Hong patted the table and stood upWith a muffled noise, the sound made the entire hall quiet, and everyone’s eyes looked to Shen Hong.“Today, the city’s main government has called us all together, saying that it is to discuss how to deal with the beast, but I would like to ask, Lord of the City, how did the Lord of the City come? Let's wait for so many people here?” Shen Hong cold He said that although his voice was not heavy, he was low and powerful, and that all people in the hall could hear it.When we heard Shen Hong’s words, the masters of various families talked about each other. It was indeed their doubts in their hearts because they did not see the Lord of the City until now. Like this kind of gathering, they still had to be hosted by the city’s owner.However, Shen Hong’s move seems to be too loose.“Shen Hong’s predecessor, the city owner still has some things to do now. It will not be long before he will come. Shen Hong’s seniors do not need to worry.Before the Lord of the Landlords did not come, I was presided over here."Nie Li said calmly, he eyebrows a pick, Shen Hong, the old fox finally responded, and the beast was still fighting, I do not know what kind of counter-attack Shen Hong will makeAt this time, the eyes of all the people in the main hall projected to Nie Li. Before Ye Zong did not come, he was presided over by Nie Lilai. I did not expect Nie to have such a position“Haha, it's really funny. Such a big party actually let a smoky yellow hair kid preside over? Does the Feng Xue family determine that this isn’t a joke with us?” Shen Hong’s mad smile reverberated through the entire hall.When you hear Shen Hong, the masters of different families have different attitudes.The family owners of each family have either already seen Nie or they have already guessed who Nie Li is. They do not have any opinions.After all, when the tidal wave came, it was indeed Nie Li who had the most credit. Nie Liran's loss to the city of glory in this epidemic was minimized.As for the ordinary masters, they did not even respond to their owners. They naturally did not dare to pick them up.Some people who have not seen Nie Li whispered"You know what? This person is Nie Li!" "Nie Li? It is the newly emerging super talent of our glorious city?" "I heard it was a family of days!" Although they did not see Nie Li, they also listened. Nie Li's nameThe powerful people of various families looked to the seats of the Tian-trace family and saw only Nie Hai, Nie En, and others looked excited and could not help standing upright. This banquet was actually hosted by Nie Lilai. Have such glory? Nie Li has already known what he has done in the recent past. Now Nie Li has become a very important figure in the glorious city.Because of Nie Li, the family of Tianxen has recently moved to a grand house in the center of the glorious city. It is only a few hundred meters away from the city’s main government. It was bought by the Association of Alchemists to help Tianxue’s family. The protection of the traces of the family has also been expanded to as many as several thousand people. It has become a big family.In the past, they did not expect that Tianxin’s family would have the glory of today. The envious eyes projected by the masters of various families made them feel excited.Tianxing Family feels glory because of Nie“I heard that this animal tidal wave, also this Nie Li, came up with all sorts of miraculous methods that have reduced our losses to a minimum, only one-tenth of the previous million-million animal tide!” "I took him, if not for him, I might have already died inside the animal tide. This time the tidal wave, a claw of a snow-and-witch's beast crossed me in front of my neck and nearly pulled my head off." Drop offFortunately, only a few gold-level wind and snow wicked beasts rushed to the city wall, if so many monster animals rushed up, what will happen! "" I also served him and he saved me so many brothers! The masters of various families knew that Nie was one of those who helped them repel the beast.The city of glory will be engulfed by beasts at any time. Most families understand that only unity can make the city of glory stand up and go hand in hand.As long as it is a person who can help them defeat the beast, they are worthy of respect.Shen Hong did not expect that Nie Li’s prestige in the hearts of various family masters had already reached such a level, and her heart was even more gloomy.The prestige of a dignified family leader who dared himself, could not hold back a yellow-haired boy! (To be continued)read3();read4();