The mountain phantom shadows and sneaks to the ground again and again, and the sneaky pods continue to bombard the ground. Each time, the sneaky owls feel several times their power.The apex of the ¥°F said that the power of this horror is not at all obstructed by the sneaky body.Even though it is a demon demon, this power gradually reaches the limit that the human body can endure. The devil feels that the muscles in his arms and other places are disintegrating. I am afraid that if this continues, the whole body will collapse.This is a million magic demon big array! A powerful array of 10,000 black gold spirits! Nie Li just used one-tenth of his strength to kill the ghosts.When Shen Hong saw this scene, he was so scared that he turned away and turned into a streamer to escape. At this time, he only wanted to escape and leave the city of glory! Looking at the overall situation of Ye Zong, how can we ignore Shen Hong and see Shen Hong fleeing from the embarrassment? He sighed, knowing today, whyThe sword in his hand was turned into a streamer and spurned toward the escaping Shen Hong."Since you have chosen betrayal, then we can no longer accommodate you!" Ye Zong, who has become a legendary existence, is not completely against Shen Hong.With a bang, that sword will pierce the chest of Shen Hong.Shen Hong looked at the sword that he had pierced from his chest in disbelief. He did not expect it to be such an outcome. His ambition, dominance, and everything else were all gone.All of this turned out to be nothing but falsehood. He died. The foundation of the Holy Family for hundreds of years was destroyed in his hands.Shen Hong sighed and slowly closed his eyes. Is he doing everything wrong? Perhaps this is his path to returnSlowly lost powerHis whole body was involuntarily planted from the skyThe family of the sacred family, the generation of heroesThere was only one ghost, and there was hard support. He wanted to break the mountain imaginary that was weighed down on him. But no matter how hard he tried, the mountain phantoms were suppressed by an unmatched power.He did not move at allKilling ghosts, the City of Lights can be a lot safer! Nie Li coldly cried, once again strengthened the power of the demonsOnce this power continues, the ghost will die.At this time, only a loud noise was heard, and the mountain phantom suddenly broke. A figure quickly flew to the sneaky scorpion. After the sneaky quail was picked up like a pheasant, it immediately flew up.Can you actually destroy the thousand mountains of the Mighty Demon Spirit? This person probably has at least the strength of the legendaryEven stronger! Looking at Ning’s gaze, he saw that the man wearing a pale robe was actually a handsome young man.In the dark guild, the strength is still above the ghosts, only two people! Did not expect another one! Seeing that the sneaky scorpion was about to be rescued, Ye Zong Leng grunted: "I want to go, it's not that easy!" His body quickly merged with the snow and snow giants and wicked spirits, wrapped in endless snowstorm toward the white youth roll. go withat the same timeThe Snow Spirit who stands on the side is also shouting at the white youthThe sneaky squints and opens his eyesAfter seeing this young man in white, he finally exhaled: "Dragon, how did you come..." The white-haired young man did not answer. His deep eyes looked toward the center of the far-reaching demons. However, the corner of his mouth reveals a hint of meaningful smile: “In addition to Ye Mo, another interesting person was discovered.Presumably the devil is also interested in adults."Seeing Ye Zonghe's spirit spirit rushed forward, the white youth sleeved his sleeve and flew out two mysterious stones. He saw only two cracks, and the two stones burst."An invisible strength blew up in the void, and Fengshen Lingshen was shaken back a few steps. The entire body wobbled, and Ye Zong was shaken by this force and woke up. A bloodshotI don’t know what the two stones are and how powerful they are.The white-clad young man was still calm and calm. In the direction of Nie Li, he said calmly: "I don't know what your name is, and I have taken it a few times. With your knowledge, I don't have to stick to this one-city dispute. If you are interested, you can come to my dark guild and talk with me to see the demon master. We are always waiting for you.“Nie left standing in the center of the magical demon array of thousands of demons. Hearing the words of Ling Su, the eyelid jumped.This spiritual law is an extremely poisonous secret law. Thousands of young children are sacrificed, and then their souls are implanted in the body of one of the young children, and new lives are acquired, as long as the soul is immortal. Can live several timesOf course, there will be many side effects, the soul will suffer from burning, and the new body will soon be destroyed.Nie had left a child but had an unimaginable knowledge of ordinary people. He even laid out a huge array of monsters such as the demonic demon spirit. In the eyes of the youth in white, it must have used the law of the spirits, otherwise it is absolutely impossible to do it. ToWhat he did not know was that Nie Li was born from the book of the demon of the time and space instead of using the secret constipation method.The law of the spirits is very mysterious. Except for a very small number of people who have heard of it, others do not even know the existence of the mystic secret law.When mankind reached the peak of the legendary realm, it was extremely difficult for Xiuwei to break through, and the physical body began to erode. It often fell before the limit that could not be overcome, and countless powerful people died in regret.Then there was a talented and extraordinary genius who came up with a way to use Spirituality to retain the soul, reoccupy a new body, and continue to practice from scratch.Every time the practice reaches the peak of the legend, it cannot be broken. When the flesh begins to decay, the spirit is kept secret. If you go back and forth, you can get closer to that limit.The presidents of the dark guilds, who all claimed to be the demon masters, were they the masters of the demon, who also used the law of the Spirits? This white youth should be the second person under the Dark Guild Lord. Can not let this guy run away, or endless trouble! The strength of this white youth has reached at least the legendary level"Want to have a chat with me, but you can! But first take a look at me and see if you qualify!" Nie calmly and swiftly mobilized the demons of the demons. This time he dared not make it. Bringing the power of the demonic demon spirit to the extremeThe magical demon spirits are rapidly operating, and tens of thousands of black gold spirits emerge into the air. Their power is rapidly brought together.“Haha, you can! The best of the best, naturally speaking with strength"The young man in white smiled proudly and stood in the void. He had absolute confidence in his own strength. He immediately reached the peak of the legend, and he would be afraid of this formation. He was proud of his youth. His clothes were in the wind." Hunting sounded, look carefully, his clean and white face, revealing angular Chung Jung; dark black eyes, deep and deep color; thick eyebrows, high nose, beautiful lips All of them are distinguished by nobleness and grace, and they are full of grace and grace.If he does not know his identity, just his appearance is enough to dump countless young girls.Nie Li looked directly at the other party in a cold manner. If he met on a street in the city of glory, Nie Li must not be unable to imagine. This handsome and beautiful man is a smashing dragon! If Long Hao escapes, Nie Li may be able to motivate him to attack him with a large array of demons. However, the effect may be a lot less impressive. Since the other party is so conceited, Nie Li will not be polite and will try his best to mobilize the demons. Large arrayTens of thousands of black gold spirits quickly gathered the power of terror and turned them into a giant gold palm, heading towards the dragon."Dragon, heart! Don't look at this magic demon spirit array!"Long Hao coldly hummed, said: "I do not believe this battle, can do anything to get me!" He will immediately enter the realm of the legendary peak, pure dragon blood body, there are various treasures body protection, he will fear A matrix method? He is about to try the power of this magic demon spirit arrayEveryone who has reached the legendary realm thinks that he has already entered the pinnacle of the worldBecause in their view, the legends are gods. At least at the human level, they are supreme beings.This kind of self-confidence standing on top of the peak is definitely not a million magic demon spirit array can shakeNie Li understands the psychology of these legendary strongmen and encounters a strong opponent who wants to touch it to prove his strength.Seeing the dragon's eyes that are disdain for the world, Nie smiled slightly from the corner of his mouth. This dragon and his predecessor lived up to the legendary realm. At that time, he looked at the world and felt that no one was able to defeat the enemy. However, I did not expect to be run across the world by several Wicked Beasts, and inadvertently entered the space in the Book of Space and Demon Spirits to understand that there are days out of heaven and there are people outside of the truth."In that case, then pick me a stroke!" Nie Liguang eyes burst in the light of God, urging the power of magic Demon Ling array, drank, clap slowly launchedThis palm gathered all the power of the million magic demon spirits of the genius of the black gold level demon spirit, launched in a palm, dark, sun and the moon, that terrible pressure is like a general wave of blowingFeeling this terrible power, Long Hao's eyebrows picked up slightly. This is the strongest force he has encountered since the Jin Dynasty legend."Good to come!" Long Hao still fearless, condensed the power of the body, body muscles surged, the body suddenly increased several times, behind him grew a huge tail, shoulder blade tear, grow a pair Huge flesh wings, suddenly burst outAs a legendary strongman, if it is only because of the strength of the other party, he will be afraid to flinch, and it will be very difficult to grow again after a lifetime of cultivation.Dragons and Dragons are a combination of the Golden Wings and the Dragon Spirits. This is the true dragon descent and is much more powerful than Ye Zong’s black scale dragons."I'd like to take a look at how strong you are in this magical demon spirit in the end!" The Dragon squats itself with the power of the dragon's flesh, and naturally does not think that this million magic demon spirit can hurt himself.(To be continued)