Above the Mingwen scroll, a terrible amount of thunder and lightning was generated out of thin air. The terrible snake spread around and there was a track-sized ball in the sky. There were hundreds of them.The terrible thunderstorm feels the pressure of suffocationThere was a hint of fear in the eyes of the two black gold masters. They felt the power of this thunderstorm.Before they waited for any reaction, the thunderous ball blew down on the ground.The two black gold masters were madly falling and shattered by lightning flashes of lightWith a thunderous explosion, electric lightning and dense thunderstorms, an area of ​​a hundred meters radius was bombed by countless pits.The two black gold masters had no time to prevent Nie from actually displaying such tricks. They simply had no time to dodge.The legendary scroll is a kind of thing that the legendary spirits consume a lot of soul power. It is made of countless precious materials and is the life-giving material of the legendary spirits.This kind of thing is nothing that ordinary black gold can resist? Several thunderstorms landed on them. The defenses they held were instantly shattered. The entire person was blown up and went out. They were dark and unclothed. They fell to the ground and they could not climb.As for the closely followed Shen Hong, after feeling that he was not right, he rushed out of the thunderstorm area quickly, but was still hit by some electric snakes. The clothes on his body were shredded and the skin was covered with scars.Looked at the two black gold level who fell to the ground, Shen Hong face slightly changed, thanks to him running in time, otherwise, I'm afraid with these two black gold master as miserable! Sunset thunderstorm surgery, this is a legendary curse! The demon psychic who can now cast legendary curses is only Ye Mo. As for the scrolls engraved with legendary bans passed down from ancient times, they have already expired. Where did Nie Li's legendary forbidden scroll come from? Shen Hong was depressed. Obviously the other person was only a gold class, but it was as slippery as muddy. It made him unable to get close to it, and various means emerged one after another.Nie Li took a look at the two black gold-class powerhouses that fell to the ground, and wandering in the distance, standing in the spot of Shen Hong, stood still, smiling gravely: “Shen Hong owners, you do not continue to chase it?” “Kids You don't want to run! Don't think there are these means, the old man can't help you!" Shen Hong breathed annoyance, he yelped, the body quickly changed, turned into a huge Peng Eagle, vacated Afterwards, they pounced toward NieNie smiled a faint smile. This sacred carving of the holy fire was much inferior to the black scale earth dragon before Ye Zong.It is no wonder that Shen Hong has not been able to advance to the legendary level, and cultivation is also so much inferior to Ye Zong.It is true that talent, Shen Hong is not inferior to Ye Zong, but the fusion of the demon spirit with Ye Zong is still a level, this estimate is also the reason for Shen Hong unwilling to mindAlthough Shen Hong is a strong player with a black gold level, Nie Li has never looked down on Shen Hong. He has enough ways to retreat when Shen Hong approaches him. However, there is no need to continue playing with Shen Hong here."Duan Jian, here to you, and I went to start the demons of the Demon Spirit!" Nie Li said in a loud voice. He did not return to the ground and flew away. The strength of Duan Jian, even if it weren't Shen Hong's opponent, Shen Hong will not be able to handle Duan JianOnce you start the demons of the demon spirit, one of the sacred people will not want to run! Just as the Shenghuo Pengqi swooped down and swept away, a figure swept quickly. Duan Jian had been guarding a place not far from Nie, and it was not until Nie shouted at him that he appeared.At this time, he stretched out the huge black wings, holding the black sword, like a devil, rushed up against the Sheng Huo Peng eagle.A burst of frightening sounds of air burst in the skyDuan Jian was repeatedly hit by the terrible force of Shenghuo Peng, but he was not injured. Instead, he continued bravely and fearlessly. A huge flame burst in the sky. This fierce battle attracted instant attention. The eyes of countless people"Actually, such an intensive attack is still safe and sound. The young man's flesh is really horrible!" "Is this young man truly a human? This is just like a dragon!" Duan Jian did not merge the demon spirit. The power of the flesh is just the power of the flesh, and the power of the flesh can reach such levels. It is amazingYe Xiu and others passed through the eye-catching colors in the eyelids. The strength of Shen Hong was very clear. It was the glorious city behind the existence of Ye Mo and Ye Zong.Even if Ye Xiu and Ye Lan teamed up with each other, they could only resist Shen Hong who had integrated Sheng Huo Peng's sculpture. I did not expect this young man to actually fight against Shen Hong, who had integrated Sheng Huo Peng's carvings with his physical strength, and he did not fall down at all. The look of the windThe masters of the sacred family saw this scene and their faces changed. If Shen Hong was dragged, they basically didn’t want to stand out.Shen Xiu was attacked by Ye Xiuyi and flew out. He vomited blood and was miserably miserable.Shen Yue and others were even more unhappy. The young masters who had been sent to the family and the family of St.As for the sacred family's black gold class, they are completely unable to compete with the black gold masters of the family of wind and snow, the family of the saints, and the family of Huyan. After all, the number gap is too great.The black and gold class elders of several sacred families took a look at each other. They drank with a low voice, and scrolls flew out of them, swirling around them, and constantly turning into flames.In a flash, a dark breath blows"It was the technique of shadow magic of the Dark Guild. Everyone was careful!" Ye Xiu and others uttered a rage and swept people alongside.I saw the black gold class elders in the eyes of the sacred family bursting out of the eye and shooting Hongmang in a moment, showing a bit of chilling bloodthirsty meaning.Well, the flames that surround them are bursting open. There is a mysterious and powerful existence that seems to reawaken in the darkness.There are several people in the family of snowballs and saints who are just close to the sacred family's black and gold class elders. The body bursts open and becomes a mass of blood mist.A huge dark shadow appeared in the sky, like a curtain covering the sky. The pair of huge bloody pupils looked down and down. The dark shadow swept like a sharp knife, and the blood spattered instantly. Hundred masters are killed"Oh, I want you all to die!" The elders of the sacred family led the angry yelling of Elder Shen Yuan and Zhuangruo madness.Ye Xiu and Ye Hao and others escaped the disaster and could not help but feel sorry for themselves. This technique of shadow magic is terrible, and even they are almost poisoned.But the devil's claws still followed him, causing them to dodge backwards."Damn, he was actually forced to use the technique of shadow magic!" Shen Hong, who was fighting with Duan Jian, cursed with a curse, and he didn't mention how annoyed he was. He displayed the technique of shadow magic of the Dark Guild and declared it. The complete rebellion against the glorious city will inevitably draw siege from all the families. He is so utterly unable to open himself up by the sword. He can't support the sacred family or continue to kill Nie Li. His cultivation is obviously much more than Duan Jianqiang. However, Duan Jian’s body is too strong. No matter what kind of attack, he can only cause some skin-wounding injuries to Duan Jian. He can’t completely kill Duan Jian."Your opponent is me, actually still have time to care about others!" Duan Jian sobbed coldly, waving forward to the Shen YanAnother round of fierce fightingThe black and gold-class elders of the sacred family were forced to perform the technique of shadow magic, temporarily relieved the pressure of being besieged, but also caused serious consequences. The original sacred family faced only a few families such as Feng Xue and Hu Yan. Each family, the masters of other families are still waiting to see, but as soon as they see the black and gold class elders of the sacred family cast out the technique of shadow magic, they instantly determineThe sacred family has betrayed the city of glory and has turned to the dark guild."The sacred families have already betrayed the city of glory and surrounded them!" "Don't let them run!" Knowing the betrayal of the sacred family, the masters of various families suddenly became red, filled with murderous intentions, and betrayed such things. Absolutely intolerable, the Dark Society has done a lot of evil, and there is almost no common enemy with every family. Almost everyone in every family died in the hands of the Dark Guild.See some people aroundSeveral black gold elders of the sacred family sneered at the corners of their mouths and summoned the shadow demon. These people dared to go forward and they were simply dying.The rounds of darkness are like claws, and they instantly kill thousands of masters of different families.The bodies of the several black gold-class elders floated slowly into the sky, their bodies enveloped in the terrible darkness, and a cloud of flames lingered around the body.“Oh! The summoned magical arts in the districts also dared to squat in my city house!” Ye Xiu coldly snorted, quickly swept to the wall of the main hall, and saw the walls of the hall. Every place was engraved with strangeness. In the runes, Ye Xiu quickly stenciled his hands and stamped them on the wall of the main hall. "Since we dared to call you into the city's main office, will we not be completely prepared?" I saw the entire hall suddenly in the golden light. Putting it all together, a giant god wearing a white armor slowly stood up from the top of the hall. He held two huge ice axes and was covered in blizzard. Standing in endless void, there was a supreme majestyThe giant god is like a bronze bell. His eyes are defying the shadowy ghosts in the void. The terrible coercion seems to have caught everyone's neck momentarily."This is, Fengshen Lingshen?" Seeing this scene, several black gold class elders of the sacred family suddenly scared pale, the name of Fengshen Lingshen, they still heard, hundreds of years ago, beast tidal It is this spirit of snow bluff that clings to the attack of three legendary whelps and makes the glorious city safe.For hundreds of years, Snow Spirit has never been summoned. People in the City of Glory have gradually forgotten its existence. Many people believe that the family of Feng Xue has completely forgotten how to summon the Snow Spirit Spirit until Now, Fengshen Lingshen is once again summoned. The black-gold-class elders of these sacred families only think of Feng Xue’s family and such cards.One is a terrible shadow that covers half of the canopy, and the other is the guardian of Feng Xue’s family. The two giants face each other in the void, and the more terrible war is about to erupt.These two terrible creatures, as if they are not from the plane of existence(To be continued)