"Shen Hong's family can know the third chapter of the Holy Spirit's secret code, the sixth secret technique, and the method of refining the soul!" Nie Li looked at Shen Hong with a smile.Hey, the law of the soul? This method of refining the soul is the most effective means of extorting confessions by torture. It can directly pull the soul out of the body. At this time, the soul does not have any consciousness, and what is said is always true.Hearing Nie Li’s words, Shen Hong was also slightly discolored. He replied: “I naturally know the law of refining the soul. I’m afraid there are not many people in the world who master these poisonous methods.“The Holy Ghost is one of the most widely read secret recipes. Although many people have heard about the Soul Calibur, they will use very few. With his current gold-level cultivation, it is enough to pull out the soul of Shen Ming.“This method of refining the soul, the old man would be so little, can help Nie Li son"The next to Ye Xie said with a smile.Hearing Ye Zi’s words, Shen Hong’s face changed, Ye Xi’s identity was mysterious, and others did not know Ye Yu’s. He knew that Ye Yu was responsible for helping the wind and snow family to do intelligence collection, assassination, torture, and the like. Hard-witted people"Homeowner, save me, I am deeply loyal to the sacred family, and I also ask the family to save me!" Shen Ming heard Ye Xie's words, his face was pale, and once he had been given the method of refining the soul, I am afraid that it would be dead.Shen Hong stared coldly at Ye Hao and other humanity: "The wind and snow family do this, it is too poisonous too.This Shenminghaoyao has done so for many years in my sacred family. Even if I was expelled from the holy family, I do not allow anyone to insult him! "" It really can't be seen, Shen Hong's family is really a big deal! Shen Ming is a veteran of the sacred family after all, and we feel that doing so is not very good! "Nie departed from Chen." Bringing another person up"After a momentYunhua Deacon was escorted up, wearing a gray commoner, it seems a bit shy"Shen Hong's family can recognize him?" Nie Li smiled and looked at Shen Hong.Shen Hong eyebrows a pick, coldly shouted: "How do I know?" "This person is called Yunhua, a deacon of the Dark Society, responsible for liaising with the Holy Family.How can you not recognize it? "Nie laughs lightly and he looks at Shen Hong calmly."Nie Li knows that no matter how he exposes Shen Hong, it is useless. What he needs to do is delay the return of Ye Zong."Hey, Nie said from the son, but there is evidence?" Shen Hong gave a sneer"We are also uncomfortable with the use of the Soul Law of Elder Shen Ming.But for the deacon of the dark guild's Yunhua deacons to use the soul-refining method, presumably Shen Hong's family will not have any opinions! "Nie Li smiled and looked at Shen Hongdao"That is naturally no opinion"Shen Hong laughed coldly and took a look at the deacon Yunhua deacon, with his right hand quickly printingPeople like Yunhua Deacon, if left, are a scourge to him! The deacon of Yunhua heard Nie's words and was scared and pale, ready to speakSuddenly his eyes were black and his mouth overflowed with a trace of bloodA powerful force bombarded his heart, and the heart burst instantly. He pointed his finger in the direction of Shen Hong: “You...” but he had already fallen to the ground without saying a word.Hey, it's time to dieSee the deacon of Yunhua diedShen Hong's look did not change in the slightest, but he looked at Nie Li coldly.The body of Yunhua Deacon was so quietly lying on the ground that blood flowed to the ground.“Nie Ligong, what happened to this man? How did he suddenly vomit blood and died? Nie Ligong wouldn’t want to use this dead person to defile my holy family?” Shen Hong sneersLooks pretty timidNie Li slightly frowned and was a chain of souls. Once she was put on a chain of souls, even Nie could not be lifted. Yunhua Deacon was a member of the Dark Guild, and his quilted soul chain was also normal. Before Yunhua Deacon, he had not died. Because the caster is too far away to launch the soul chainAfter this deacon of Yunhua appeared, Shen Hong could mobilize the soul chain and directly make Yunhua deacons die violently.In this confrontation, the sacred family can be described as leaking, and Nie Li does not account for any cheapness.However, the owners of all the world’s families were all discerning people. They saw a number of doorways. Before the death of the man named Yunhua Deacon, Shen Hong did have some printing actions.In their hearts, they have created a little taboo on the sacred family. Does it mean that the sacred family really colluded with the dark guild? They are not in a hurry, quietly waiting for what's nextNie Li does not expect to rely on a deacon of Yunhua to be able to relate to the sacred family. The death of the deacon of Yunhua is only to alert the families of various families. Now delay the time first. If the sacred family is directly testified, then the sacred family Will inevitably choose to die in the death of the fish. Once in the open war, there is no way to know how many people will die.If it can be dragged to Ye Zong to finish the dark guild branch and the sacred family lair back, it is best.Shen Hong expected that the family of Feng Xue could not obtain strong evidence. As for the deacons of Shen Ming and Yun Hua, he was able to kill the rest of Shen Ming at any time. It was just two rebellious empty words. How to get a sacred family, but what Shen Hong is a bit depressing is that the families of other families are now wary of him. Even if the family of Feng Xue does not have any conclusive evidence to prove that the sacred family has defected, as long as the family of Feng Xue identifies the sacred family. Now, at least seven or eight points will be believed in each family.Although Ye Zong is absent, Shen Hong said that Ye Zong was dead, but Feng Xue’s family suppressed the sacred family. It began very early, and it was Ye Zong’s order.In contrast, the family owners of these families obviously have more confidence in Ye Xiu, Ye Xi and Hu Yanxiong! Ye Zong breaks open and enters the hall with a large number of troops.The three sacred nobles of the sacred family took the same step and attacked Ye Zong."What is wrong with our sacred family, Lord of the City? Do you have to spend so much money to destroy my sacred family? We ask Ye Mo-mo to come and give us justice!" said one of the black gold-class elders."The sacred family colluded with the dark guild and betrayed the glorious city.If you are tied up, I may still give you a living path. If you continue to fight stubbornly, then you should not be polite. Ye Zongheng gave a cryWhen they heard Ye Zong’s words, the three elder elders looked at each other, all silently, and attacked Ye Zong at the same time.Seeing the actions of these three sacred families, such as the elders of the elder, Ye Zong did not know that the elders of the three sacred families prepared a road and went dark.Ye Zong yelled loudly, merging wind and snow giants to meet, and Ye Zong’s five black gold warriors surrounded the three elder elders.A fierce battle broke outThe main shrineShen Hong, who argued with Nie, had a faint uneasiness because he felt that Nie Li and others intended to delay the time.Shen Hong suddenly thought of something. Should Ye Zong really die, or Ye Han’s kid would be Ye Zong’s, then Ye Zong must have confirmed the betrayal of the sacred family. Then the character of Ye Zong’s resoluteness may have changed. The headquarters of the Holy Family has now suffered! "Since Feng Xue family has no confidence in my sacred family, then what is the meaning of my sacred family staying here? Let's go!" Shen Hong patted the table and drank coldly, suddenly he got up.Hundreds of sacred people are also hula to stand up."Shen Hong, the owner of the house, we said before the city owners. This rally is a matter of great importance to the safety of my glorious city. If someone does not come to participate or if he leaves the field halfway, he will be treated as a rebel!" Ye Xiu's voice came in a rush of silence.Unexpectedly, Ye Xiu was so determined that all the masters of all the family around him focused their attention on Shen Hong and others.No one can feel that this slashing atmosphere, they are very puzzled, how will the development of events, do you really want to fight? Is it true that the wind and snow family really have to deal with the sacred family? Shen Hong smirked at Ye Xiu et al.: "If Ye Zongcheng let us stay, then we naturally have nothing to say, but what do you count, can you represent the wind and snow family, can represent the city owner? Life and death are unknown. You, this group of people, must have no intentions and want to completely disrupt the city of glory!” Although the family owners of each family are more convinced of Ye Xiu and others, Ye Xiu and others really want to deal with the Holy Family now. Still a bit hesitant, what if Shen Hong said it is true? "Since the sacred family did not believe it, why did the sacred family hurry so much? Why wouldn't we stay here and wait for the Lord of the City to come back? How do you?" Ye Xiuwei blinked, and he understood what the old fox Shen Meng had already realized. Now it can only intimidate Shen Hong."Who knows that you have all the masters of our many families gathered here, is not the intention of derailment?" Shen Hong Lengheng a cry, "Perhaps Tiaohu off the mountain, you have sent someone to clear our headquarters!" The words of Shen Hong are so ambivalent that even the owners of many family members are skeptical at the moment.“Shen Hong, this gathering is an event for the owners of the city to personally inform the owners of the house. Could you still doubt that the Lord of the City will not succeed?” Nie Li looked directly at Shen Hong. He knew that the old fox was almost unstoppable. How long could it be long?"I don't know what the Lord of the City is doing now. Who knows what kind of conspiracy you are playing now?" Shen Hong snarled coldly. "Let's leave and see who dares to stop us!" The masters of the Holy Family went out of the hall.All the masters of the world have also given way. After all, without any evidence, they do not know whom to believe and can only continue to watch the development of the situation."Stop them!" Ye Xiu et al.(To be continued) u