"Dinger's daughter is really slim and I don't know what to do now.± Xiao Lian-er gave Shen Fei a message that he was interested in askingThe family of the families next to them are all there. Although they are chatting with Nie et al., but between Nie Hai and Xiao Yunfeng, they are all listening."The youngest girl has just reached the peak of two-star gold. It is estimated that the golden star will soon be promoted."Xiao Yunfeng kindly looked at Xiao Lian'er and smiled slightly."When listening to Xiao Yunfeng's words, many home owners were surprised by their hearts. Although they had heard of them before, they were suddenly shocked. They were shocked. At such a young age, they had already trained to the level of Samsung Gold, which was at least a young one. The top three days of the generation of proud women ah! Nie Haimei has picked a pick. This Xiao Linger still has potential. The daughter-in-law of Nie Li is still quite good. If the daughter of the city's daughter cannot climb up, then Xiao Liao's child is also good.And Xiao Ning's child looks right, looks handsome, looks absolutely impeccableNie Hai has already figured out how to find her daughter-in-law from Nie. He smiled and said: “Nie is so irritated by the kid. Since he is a friend of Gelingerhao, she often needs to take care of Nie Li. There is more time to come. We Tianji family string the door!" Nie Hai naturally will not say anything to death, after all, Nie Li's mind has not been determined"Thank you, uncle, I will definitely go"How could Xiao Geling not hear some of the meaning of Nie Haihua? Her pink cheeks were slightly hot, but she still whisperedXiao Yunfeng, Nie Hai, and the heads of households in Tian Nanhai chatted. Although Tian Teng’s family was merely a noble family, no one would dare to treat Tian Teng’s family as an aristocratic family.“Nie is away from the boy. This banquet is hosted by you.how is it? "Ye Xiu looked at Nie Li and smiled slightly. Nie Li's prestige in the eyes of all family members reached a peak because of the beasts that had just passed."With the addition of the present, after each family re-examine Nie Li, there is a new assessment of Nie's position.Nie Li looked at Ye XiuYe Xiu’s idea of ​​doing so is probably something. He nodded his head and said, “That's OK for me to host!” Ye Xiu smiled. Faced with such a big scene, nearly 5,000 masters of all the family were present. Nie Lijing did not have any hoarding in the market, but he also thought about it. Nie had no way to measure it with an ordinary teenager.The voices of the people are loud, and the masters of each family are greeting each other and say what they want.The scene is spectacularHowever, Nie Li and Ye Xiu and Ye Hao did not open their seats. They patiently waited for the masters of various families to finish their work.After all, they have to delay the time here and wait for Ye Zong's actions. The longer the time, the better.Ye Zong had arranged there for a long time. Before half an hour he had already set off with the masters of the wind and snow family, and the sacred family entered the shrine.I am afraid that I have started to work, I just don’t know what’s going on now.The position of the sacred familyIn addition to the sacred family, one by one drinking and drinking, in this noisy hall, it looked a bit lonely.The sacred family was suppressed by the family of wind and snow. The family owners of various families are still watching. Which dare they actively look for Shen Hong to speak? If they take the initiative to find Shen Hong to speak, does it mean that they have to deal with the family of Feng Xuexue? Together with the sacred family usually domineeringAll families have been very polite since they haven’t fallen in stone. How could this come to the mold? However, there is one person who does not mind at all, that is, Hu Yanxiu"Shen Chen, I haven't had a drink with Shen Master for a long time.Ye Zong big brother do East, come, we have a drink! "Hu Yanxiong came over with a bowl of wine and he laughed heartily.""Hu Yan's brother is polite"Sung Hung Pi smiled without a smile, raised his head and took a clean drink"Yeong's brother is a good drinker. How about another bowl? Come and come and fill the brother Shen!" said Hu Yanxiong with a laugh.The family of Feng Xue suppresses the sacred family. The family owners of various families shun the sacred family for fear of being confused with the sacred family by the family of wind and snow. However, Hu Yanxiong can do nothing to care. Who does not know Huyan family is the family of Feng Xueshi? Left and right arms, absolutely loyal to the wind and snow family.How does the family of Feng Xue not doubt the connection between the family and the sacred family?To cope with the toast of Hu Yanxiong, the scenes around the bustle made Shen Hong inexplicably somewhat annoyed. Shen Hong suddenly felt that the party was a bit wrong, but he could not tell where it was wrong.In Shen's heart, there is also a huge question: Is Ye Zong dead or not? If Ye Zong is dead, then this party is likely to recommend a new landlord as a superior. It may not be so fast for Feng Xue family to find a suitable candidate.If Ye Zong is not dead, then this banquet may be to deal with the Holy Family.The masters of the sacred families are here, and the family of Feng Xue is really going to deal with the sacred family. Ye Zong will certainly appear! Ye Zong did not appear, and 80% should be the same as Ye Han’s. It was already deadly in the poison of A.But how can there be no sadness in the face of Hu Yanxiong? It is reasonable to say that Ye Zong died of such a news, it is impossible not to notify Hu Yanxiong! "I'd like to see what you guys want to do!" Shen Hong secretly thought, squeaked coldly, with a face, and continued to drink the bowl of wineThe sky is dark and the night gradually covers the earth.The rest of the City of Glory was quiet, and only the city of Seongnam was brightly lit.At this time, the city’s main government office was completely martial except for the halls. All the guards were fully armed. The armor on the body revealed a cold sensation in the forest. The arrows and steel spears and shields on the walls of the city were predominant. It shows the cold and chillAt the entrance to the main city, a man dressed in a gray robe came in hastily and looked at the anxious color and was immediately stopped by the guards."I'm going in and looking for someone!" "This is the city's main office, so no one can enter!" One of the guards shouted coldly."I want to find our owner!" said the man.“What family are you from?” “Calling the family!” The man's eyes turned and he said in a hurry.The guards looked at each other and exchanged a look. One of the guards said, "You come with us. We will take you to your homeowner!" "Thank you a few. This is a bit of a trifle."The man was flattering and gave the two guards some monster moneyThe two guards quietly took it and calmly said, "Come on."" It's goodThe man smiled and said, following the two guardsThe two guards marched along with those who wore gray robes, bypassing a long corridor and entering a dark courtyard."Where are you going to take me? This road does not seem to go to the banquet hall."The man had just finished talking. A guard caught his mouth. Another guard smashed into his stomach. The man was constantly struggling to make a sound, but his eyes began to dissipate and he quickly broke." Gas“Oh, the rebellion of the sacred family is dead! We thought that it was the family that called out and we couldn’t recognize it. It was extremely ridiculous. The looks of all of your sacred families, we all remember clearly!” I searched that person's body and found nothing. It's estimated that this person will only bring the news.Before the owner had already accounted for it, no one was allowed to go out in the landlord's house. If a person of the sacred family wanted to come in or leave, he wouldn’t kill it.The night is like ink, and the fog in the darkness of the night seems to have a heavy intention to kill.In the main hall of the City Hall, it is still alive and loud, and various sounds come and go.After Hu Yanxiu and Shen Hong drank more than a dozen cups, they suddenly laughed. In the laughter, they also penetrated with the power of soul. He slammed the bowl with a bang and he slammed the bowl to the ground. A burst of crackling, splittingThis cry was so sudden that the masters of the sacred family who had been silent all of a sudden were frightened and stood up one by one, some even withdrew weapons from the space ring, and the atmosphere became extremely tense.Before coming here, Shen Hong explained them, and when they entered the city's main office, they would have to make an undetermined decision. Therefore, their nerves were in a state of tension and they couldn't help Hu Yan’s move. He thought that it was Hu Yanxiong’s The family of Feng Xue implied that it was a signal to startThe people of the other families in the hall suddenly put their eyes on the group of people of the sacred family. One by one surprised and did not understand what happened.How did the people of the sacred family suddenly took out their weapons and the smiles of the masters of various families were frozen on their faces?The atmosphere in the entire hall suddenly became subtleHu Yanxiong was unaware of it, and he laughed generously and said: "Good wine and good wine, heavy drink, Shen brothers, admire admiration!" Hu Yanxiong did not know anything, sweeping away many masters of the sacred family, a slight glimpse "Hey, Shen Chen, what do you mean by your sacred family... What do you get out with your weapons?" Hu Yanxiong was bluffing them, and his heart was irritated by Shen Hong. His eyes glimpsed many masters of the Holy Family. In a loud voice, “What are you doing? We haven’t put weapons in place yet! This is the feudal palace, the feast of the Lord of the City, what are you talking about?” The masters of the Holy Family took their weapons and sat down.Hu Yanxiong laughed loudly and said: "By the brothers of the sacred family, they were shocked and pulled out any weapons at this banquet. Those who did not know still thought that the sacred family would rebel! But how could the Holy Family rebel? It's a big joke! What are the benefits of creating a sacred family?” (To be continued) u