A stock of powerful soul ripples, centered on the place where Ye Zong settled, spread out to the surrounding area. At the foot of Ye Zong, there was a fierce ice storm.Ye Zong just stepped on the emptiness and stepped toward the ghost in the void.This is the wind and snow family of wind and snow without a trace of secrets, master of this secret technology, at least the strongest in the realm of legend, Ye Zong actually Jincun legend? The sneaky pupil suddenly shrankYe Zong just walked step by step. Although he knows the strength of the sneaky scorpion, he is probably the strongest player in the realm of legend. However, in the face of such a strong man, he does not have the slightest fear in his heart. , swirling aroundYe Zong at this time seemed to have entered a very mysterious realm. He walked step by step, as if he had resonated with some kind of power between heaven and earth. He felt this miraculous state. This is a legend. He thought that he would enter the realm of legend at this timeSeeing that Ye Zong walked step by step in the void, the masters of each family first bowed, but then they burst into cheers and they almost all faced the mighty man like the sneaky. In desperation, Ye Zong, like a god of war, stood in front of them.Ye Zong is their powerful gods and their beliefs.Watching this tall man, the war in their hearts is burning up."I am a sinner of the glorious city, kill!" Looking at the back of Ye Zong, Nie Li slightly froze, he completely did not think that Ye Zong will be in this time to advance the legend, it really deserves to be the guardian of the glorious city God, in the face of a strong enemy, Ye Zong's inner determination has enabled him to complete that transformation and become a true legendary strong man! In the instant of Ye Zong, a strong sense of war was built up.As the sneaky sword pointed toward the void, the power of terror seems to tear the space.After seeing Ye Zong’s sword strike, the ghosts cried coldly. “Even if they came up with a legendYou are not my opponent! ” There were dozens of fist-sized black balls in his body immediately. These black balls suddenly burst into flames and went toward Ye Zongmen.Ye Zong is still in the mysterious and mysterious realm. He sees that dozens of black balls are bombarded like meteors.Ye Zong's swordInstantly made dozens of sword imaginary shadows, falling towards dozens of black ballsJian Qi fell on these black balls and there was a wave of horror.Ye Zongyuan thought that he could not be a ghost opponent with his own strength. Therefore, he had gone ahead and broke out his strength beyond his own limits. However, from these black spheres, Ye Zong felt that the other party did not have a legendary peak. The strength of the strongThe sneaky cry, and a sudden burst of hot flames in his palmAt this time, Ye Zong saw it reallyIn the palm of the other party, something hidden was hidden. This thing can spur out the fierce dragon inflammation. Its flames and ice are inherently different from each other. What's more, it is Longyan. It's no wonder that you can suppress the spirit of the snow spirit."Hey, people here are not fun at all. I'll go first!" The sneaky scorpion knew and continued to play with Ye Zong.He is definitely not an opponent of Ye ZongSeeing the ghost hides invisible for a moment, after a moment, it was a few hundred meters ran out, his hands quickly printedI saw a black whirlpool in the void around the black gold masters of those sacred families."Stop them!" Ye Xiu coldly, a group of black gold class quickly rushed to interceptHey, the black gold class of several sacred families got into this black vortex and suddenly disappeared.However, there are also two black gold-class powers who have not had time, and were directly attacked and killed by Ye Xiu and others."Want to go, not so easy!" Ye Zongheng drankSwords chase after the ghosts"This shining city, I want to come, and I want to leave and go. Can anyone stop me?" The sneaky haha ​​laughed. He quickly printed and wanted to condense the second door of dark space.After seeing this scene, Shen Hong’s face changed. If the sneaky scorpion was gone, he would completely end up, and immediately he would do his best to open the section of the sword and flee in the direction of the sneaky scorpion, trying to drive away the darkness. When the space door opens, flee with the sneaky"Wait me!" Shen Hong is in a hurry. He doesn't want to die here."It's not good, it's too late!" Ye Zong's face changed. If he had been told by a ghost, he would walk and go. Then he and the city-owner would not be seen.The black ball continuously attacked Ye Zong and blocked Ye Zong’s footsteps.The hands of the Spirit of Spirits and Spirits next to him are also caught in the ghosts, but everything seems to be late. No one can stop the ghosts.At this time, Nie Li, who was in a large array of demons and demons, was suddenly violent and opened his eyes and quietly groaned: "I want to leave, but I have not asked me to agree to disagree!" When you open the door to dark space, all of a sudden, the surrounding air is stagnant, and next to the three ghost creatures, it slowly emerges.After seeing these three creatures, the sneaky face changed. It was not thought that it was a ghost of ghosts. This ghost is not a powerful fighting demon spirit, but it is only a black gold star, but they have a special kind. Ability to lock the spaceThe sneaky star has just opened a little bit of dark space and it instantly freezes."Damn!" The sneaky glanced around and saw the strange giant pillar of the main shrine. It was sending out a faint glow, releasing an uncomfortable atmosphere. He had heard about this big battle and was able to Killing the abyssal trolls is indeed remarkable, but he has no experience in the power of this great array.Nie Li in the distance floats quietly in the middle of the array, like a demonThere is no door to dark space, and it's difficult for the sneaky gangster to escape. Immediately afterwards, Ye Zong and Feng Shui Lingshen are still eyeing.After seeing the gates of the sneaky dark space not opening, Shen Hong’s face has changed, and they have become blind."Oh, even if you don't have a door to dark space, you don't want to leave me! Let your insights and insights! The bloodthirsty demons that the Lord has given me!" The sneaky haha ​​smirked, and the body continued to grow thick and incarnate. The form of demons, a powerful dark atmosphere swept out, "Ye Zong, you think clearly, want to leave me, you also have to pay the price!" "Ye Zong, although you advance to the legendary environment, then How do you do it? As long as I do it, there is nothing wrong with killing your dozen or twenty black gold masters!" The sneer sneered. "If this is the case today, that's it. Then we don't have rivers, if You have to look at the consequences!” Looking at the masters of the various families below, Ye Zong is indeed a bit hesitant.The bloodthirsty devil is the most secretive demon spirit. It is extremely difficult to trace. If the demon sneaks around him and kills the masters of each family, he may be hard to stop."As a consequence, I'd like to see what the consequences would be!" The voice of Nie Li became like a thunder under the proliferation of the magic demon spirit array.The sneaky squeaked coldly and looked at the void: "I spoke to Ye Zong. What do you count, actually intervened?" "You didn't know me before, but today, I will let you remember me!" Saying that it has motivated the demons of the demons, they saw the instant, the sky was dark, and the entire glorious city was enveloped in endless darkness.The atmosphere around him suddenly became dignified. Thousands of black gold spirits emerged into the sky. They formed a mysterious formation.Just using one-tenth of the power is enough to kill the ghosts! Only hear a loud noiseAfter all, the mountains and valleys are imaginary and they are suppressed by the ghosts.Feeling a horrible pressure rushed forward, the sneaky scorpion tried to escape, but found a powerful fighter that had locked him. He gave a cold cry and raised his fists toward the void. He wanted to The mountain ghosts are brokenThe dynamite burst, and the sneaky boxing did not completely detonate the shadow of the mountain. The huge mountain phantom shadow was not shaken, but it was suppressed by the scorpion.The ghost of the mountain was suppressed in the ghost's body. The power of terror was as if it were to completely shatter the internal organs of the ghost. The sneaky face was pale, and the wow blew out a blood.He did not expect that this mountain ghost had such a terrible power.This power is not what he can match! Even if the bloodthirsty demon spirit is integrated, it is not an opponent at all! Even if it is a legendary strongman, I am afraid it will be suppressed by this mountain ghost.It's fortunate that the ghosts haven’t died directly.If the non-devil form is different from ordinary creatures, he will die long ago.The sneaky man was terribly frightened and he felt the threat of death for the first time.Originally carrying the bloodthirsty demons, the ghosts thought that even if they were legendary, they couldn't help him. He could still leave without hesitation. But at this moment, he discovered that even the bloodthirsty demons were The front of the horror is also vulnerable! Not only ghosts, Ye Zong and others are also very shocked. This is the first time they have seen the true power of the magic demon spirit array. They never imagined that the Demon Spirit array was so powerful. It was just a savage mad man. It was extremely hard to move by the demonic demon spirits.All the way to the sneaky Shen Hong, he saw the scene directly froze. He did not expect that even the sneaky gangster was suppressed. He suddenly felt a sense of blankness. He was originally in his mind, Sneaky is the legendary pinnacle of invincibility, but now he finds himself cheated.He lost the entire sacred family, in exchange for such a result, Shen Hong simply vomiting bloodWhat he did not know was that, according to the trajectory of past lives, the sacred family was able to pinpoint the city of glory and follow the dark guild into the black prison world. However, in this world, everything changed completely because of the arrival of Nie Li.(To be continued) (The book collection source site is clear, no pop-up window, update speed)