In the distance, Xiao Ning'er looked at Nie Li, and in the eyes of the stranger, Nie Li faced such a big scene. There was still no trace of the meaning of the market. If he were to change to other peers, he might have scared his leg.She could not help but sigh in the heart, Nie more beautiful, the more she is low self-esteem, she tried to chase Nie away, but found only to look at the back of Nie LiSometimes she can't help but feel a bit frustratedNie Li stood on the stage and indifferently looked at all the people under the scene. The descendants of the sacred families such as Shen Fei and Shen Yue did not dare to look up and looked directly at Nie Li. They bowed their heads and did not know what they were thinking.Seeing no one admitting Shen Hong, Nie smiled a faint smile. Shen Hong wanted to dislocate and it was impossible to achieve it.If we change the former sacred family, it would be quite prestigious, but after so many things, the sacred family will never have the same appeal as before.Ye Xiu and Ye Xie smiled at each otherShen Hong’s arm veins are exposed. He naturally will not stop doing so well and continue to exclaim in a loud voice: “Since the owners of all families are present, there is one thing I must say: My sacred family is loyal to the city of glory. Guardian of the glorious city for hundreds of years, countless people died during the warBut recently there was a thing that made us chilling. The Lord of the City did not know who had listened to the rumors. In recent days, it had suppressed all my sacred families in all respects, causing my sacred families to suffer great losses.I want to invite the Lord of the City to come out. I must ask in person. What did my divine family do wrong? Incurred so much bullying? “Shen Hong looked at Nie Li, and his tone was a little choked.” The younger generation of my sacred family did indeed misbehave and offended Nie Li’s son. However, young people would inevitably have some conflicts. Please also ask Nie Li. The son can forgive them. The old man paid them for Nie's son. "When I heard Shen Hong, Nie couldn't help but secretly cry. This old fox Shen Hong, Shen Hong, deliberately took all the holidays to the younger generation and tried to confuse it.If all the reasons are caused by the younger generation, the family of wind and snow is suppressing the sacred family for the sake of Nie's departure. This family of wind and snow is too stingy. The younger generation is full of youthful spirits, and it is not always the case to be somewhat contradictory. If you have to send out the entire family, the City of Lights has long been a mess.Shen Hong was very honest, Ye Xiu and Ye Hao gave a cold laugh, but they did not speak. They wanted to see how Nie Li would respond.“Shen Hong’s predecessors made fun of laughter. I’m not wrong with Shen Yue and Shen Fei. But if Ye Zong’s adult only listens to me, he will suppress the sacred family. This is too ridiculous.The family of wind and snow has always been fair in the glorious city. Has anyone ever suppressed other families? "Nie Lilang laughed loudly. Although his voice was not deep and low, but he was righteous, his momentum was not inferior to that of Shen Hong."The experts of various families are talking about one another. Because of the contradictions among the younger generations, the family of wind and snow will have to suppress the sacred family. This reason is indeed too far-fetched.Feng Xue family has always been doing things in a bright and upright manner. It should not be such a petty thing."Since it was not because of Nie Zigong's son, why should the Shining Family oppress our sacred family?" Shen Hong did not care about the comments of all the family's masters, and sang: "I also have doubts as to why the Lord of the City is an adult. Haven't come yet! Did you deliberately cover up anything and summon us here? Is it because of ulterior motives?” Shen Hong’s eyes were slightly slimmer, passing a touch of chill and carrying fists to the families of all the families. “Before I was a sacred family People who once met Ye Han’s son, when Ye Hangong’s son was seriously wounded and fleeing, he said that Ye Zong’s master had been plotted and had already died. He was also attacked and nearly died. The culprit of all this is a certain person. Some sinister and sinister, trying to join forces to seize the position of the Lord of the City! Please also the owners, together with justice! "Shen Hong, then a stone suddenly stirred up waves, the landlord Yezong was assassinated? How can this happen? This is impossible! However, if the adults are still in the city, is it not easy for Shen Hong to be dismantled? Everyone was shocked in their hearts. If they were changed in peacetime, they would absolutely not believe Shen Hong's words. However, the adult Lord of the City has not appeared so far. This matter is a bit embarrassing. Such a big gathering cannot be allowed. Nie Lilai to host! Glanced at the attitude of the various masters of the family, Shen Hong mouth slightly lifted a smile, took a look at the Nie Li on the stage, kid, play with me, you are tender! The masters of other family members face the color of hesitation. Is it true that this matter has not been achieved? The assassination of the Lord of the City, this matter is very trivial, I am afraid that will trigger the entire city of glare! Ye Xiu, Ye Xie and others who knew the inside story heard Shen Hong's words and immediately felt angry in his heart. It was Ye Han who assassinated Ye Zong. He did not expect Shen Hong, the shameless fellow, to take this matter and take a bite.Fortunately, Ye Zong was rescued by Nie, otherwise, it is really possible for Shen Hong to fall into the trap. At that time, I fear that the entire glorious city will have to be turned upside down! Shen Hong this person, really like snakes generally blackmail! Hahaha"Hu Yanxiong laughed and laughed." Shen brother said with a smile, I do not know when the people of Shen Xiong encountered cold leaves, I have just seen Ye Zong's brother in the Santo Fusi, Ye Zong's brother, Longhu spirit, immediately It will be the Jin Dynasty's legendary environment. You actually curse him to death. It's simply ulterior motives. Ye Zong's big brother is coming soon. I'd like to see how you can explain! “Looking at Hu Yanxiong, the masters of various families still have a little doubt and anxiety, but at least they are still a little practical.Hu Yanxiong is one of the most trusted people in Ye Zong. It makes no sense that Li Yan is also a lie.Shen Hong coldly said: “The Lord of the Landlord is doing great work. In this shining city, except for Ye Mo’s adults, no one can beat the enemy. I do not believe he will be killed, if not the closest person. , how could succeed?" Shen Hong words, even Hu Yanxiong is one of the accomplice! Hu Yanxiong’s face was full of iron and blue eyes, tiger eyes glaring at Shen Hong, but he understood that now he had to calm himself and he had to first stabilize the old fox of Shen Hong.After calculating the time, Ye Zong took the master of the wind and snow family and should have been encircling the dark guild branch and the sacred family.Now, as long as you hold Shen Hong, you can stabilize the masters of each family."Shen Chen is really bloodyIf Ye Zong's brother really has a problem, the white one can be said to be black by you. Fortunately, he did not have an accident, otherwise we might as well carry this black pot! " Hu Yanxiong said with a sneerShen Hong heart a move, Hu Yanxiong in the end is bluffing, or Ye Zong really nothing? He sneered: "In that case, then you do not let the landlord adults come out to see?" If Ye Zongzhong the toxin of Aphrodite, it must be certain to die, even if the wind and snow family has any means to continue life, I am afraid it will not save Yeh Zong"When the time comes, I will meet myself“Nie Li looked directly at Shen Hongdao.” Why is the owner of Shen Hong worried? "" How did you explain the cold Hanzi? Why is such a large assembly, Ye Han son does not arrive? If Ye Han’s son came, wouldn’t we know it when we asked? "Shen Hong pressing harder and harderNie Li is also not able to tell the truth. Once the family owners of each family know that Ye Zongzhong has poisoned the agave grass, I'm afraid it will be chaotic for a moment and she will ask Ye Zong to meet the trap of Shen Hong. Even if Nie Li told them that he had already helped Ye Zong to detoxify, it would be useless.Nie said with a faint smile: "The Lord of the City is the pillar of the city of glory, and the people around it will be plotted against him. It's ridiculous! What good is the benefit of the Lord of the Landlord? If the Lord of the Lord really has any problems, Ye Ink people return, the murderer will die without burial"The masters of each family nodded at each other. After all, there were Ye Mo adults. Ye Xiu and Ye Xie even thought that Ye Zong had secretly failed to attain the position of the landlord. There is absolutely no reason to do so!" Who knows, maybe you already colluded with the Dark Society?"Shen Hong still has to give up, he can only let goIf we continue to discuss this issue, the family owners of various families may also ask the bottom line and pursue the whereabouts of Ye Zong. Nie smiles with a faint smile: “Does the sacred family want to see a person?” "Shen Hong sneered and cried." Do you think this can conceal the facts? As long as Ye Zong does not come, you and all of these people can't escape the suspicion!" "The sacred family is afraid to see it. Bring it up!"After a moment Shen Ming was escorted and he looked flustered"Shen Ming!" Shen Hong's eyes narrowed slightly, revealing a hint of chill"Yes, it is the sacred family's Shen Ming elders."Nie Li calmly looked at Shen HongShen Hong sneered and said: "Some time ago, Shen Ming made a big mistake. He actually took the sacred family's money for gambling and lost hundreds of millions of demon spirit coins. This person has already been driven out of the sacred family by me.Unexpectedly, Nie Ligong actually caught Shen Ming. Nie Ligong will not want to borrow the mouth of Shen Ming and attack my sacred family! My sacred family has stood for a hundred years in the city of glory, and it is you that these yellow-haired children can defile! "Shen Hong pointed to Nie Li and directly placed Shen Ming in a position of a family traitor. Since that is a family traitor, no matter what he says, no one will believe it.""Haha, the owner of Shen Hong is really a good eloquence. He can say that the black is white. It really makes people think that he should refute anything."Nie looked at Shen Hong with a sneer, as if he had already expected Shen Hong to say so.Shen Hong frowns, is there any other way out of Nie from? (To be continued)