"What should I do in the first step?" Nie asked... Hey, "The first step is to strengthen the flesh. This black fountain contains some of my God's power. I open the enchantment and you come in and soak in the black fountain and quench the flesh. Otherwise, once you start the induction method, The force, if the body is not strong enough, the power of the law will directly make your body burst“Yan Yan said, but suddenly, she could not help but smile disappointedly, Nie Li can only stay here for such a short time, can feel a little power of law or a problem, she actually worried that Nie will be ruled by The power to support the explosion is just unnecessary worry, but this process is still necessary. "The power of the Black Fountain is too strong. When you soak for a minute, it is estimated that you will feel the pain of burning the skin. If you really endure it, Stay, then come on""Oh"Nie nodded, ready to jump into the pool"You take off your clothes"Yu Yan said calmlyNie Litton was a bit stunned. He hadn't taken off clothes in front of a woman other than Ye Zixuan. He looked up and asked Xia Yan: "Goddess and sister, you won't peep me..." Hear Nie away In that case, the feathered eyebrows were picked. Nie had a long way to go. She was a goddess. She lived for hundreds of thousands of years. She would sneak Nie away from a little kid. Even if she saw it, what did she not see? If she wants to see, what's the use of Nie Li even if she wears clothes? "I don't see it!" Yu Yan said faintly. Although Yu Yan still retains the character of human beings, she will also be excited about some things. However, ordinary things can no longer affect her anger.Nie Li thinks of this. He is still the body of a child. After thinking about it, he took off his clothes and jumped into the pool of water.There is indeed an extremely powerful force in the Black Spring.This power is more pure than the soul power, so pure power, quickly let Nie Li feel the skin sent a hint of burning feelings, Nie away immediately began to operate the soul of the sea, absorb this forceThe Soul Sea continuously absorbs this force, as Nie left the soul seaThe burning sensation on the skin immediately relieved a lotAfter this force was absorbed, a part of it was hidden deep into the sea of ​​souls and disappeared. Nie Li’s sea of ​​souls was like a bottomless black hole. After absorbing so much energy, there was not even a trace of it. WavesThe other part of the force is constantly tempering Nie Li’s flesh and strengthening Nie’s muscles to strengthen his health.Time passed quicklyNie gradually entered a state of ecstasy. This black spring is definitely a treasure place for cultivation. Nie Li can clearly feel the enhancement of the flesh.Yu Yan looked down at Nie LiShe is already a god who has lived for tens of thousands of years. Although Godhead is still in the process of reunion, there are still some eyesight.Whenever she takes a glance, she can see a lot of things, and she can even see what the other person is thinking, but she can't completely see through her.Therefore, at the moment of seeing Nie Li, Yu Yan’s definitive Nie Li’s entry into this place should be the arrangement of the Spirit of God in time and space.After looking at the bodies next to the fountain, the flame sighed a littleIt’s been a long time since these followers came to escort their remaining deities.Nie Li is this tens of thousands of yearsThe only human she sawFive minutes, ten minutes, etc. For a long time, Yu Yan did not see Nie Li coming out of the black fountain. It is reasonable to say that ordinary people could not hold on for a minute. The power of the Black Fountain rule was strong and ordinary people could not afford it. ofWhen she looked away from Nie, she saw Nie Li infiltrated in the black fountain, a look of enjoyment.Where is the slightest bit of pain? This child really is an extraordinary person, Yan Yan thought in his heart, Nie Li has shown his extraordinary place.Should he himself be given him greater awesomeness, and he would not care for the spiritual arrangements of time and space? Nie Li feels that the vine in the body grows rapidly under the nourishment of this law. It grows a second leaf, a third leaf, and leaves it until the fifth leaf.Nie Li feels that whenever this vine grows one point in the sea of ​​souls, Nie Li feels that the capacity of his own soul sea is much larger, and the soul power continues to flow.The essence of the power of law is actually the power of soul, but it is only a few times more refined than the power of soul.With the infusion of the power of the law, Nie had a qualitative transformation of the soul power in the soul sea.This method of cultivation is much faster than the practice of using such things as violet stone, and Nie Li’s cultivation is rapidly rising.It was at least half a month since the company entered the golden Samsung level. It is at least half a month before it is upgraded to a four-star level. Now, however, it has absorbed a great deal of force and made Nie Li’s repairs reach the level that Samsung can withstand. limitThe Sea of ​​Souls continues to expand and has reached the boundary. With the passage of time, as if the horse broke free from the reins, the soul force surged violently and hit the limbs.Nie Li did not expect that he actually reached the golden four-star level in such a short period of time. The power of this rule is indeed a bit of a gateway.After arriving at the Golden Four Stars, Nie Li’s sea of ​​souls suddenly increased several times, and more powerful forces poured in.The vines in the depths of the sea of ​​souls are also madly absorbing the power of law and growing.Nie Li was soaked in the black spring. Just at the beginning of the power of the rules above the Heiquan, Nie Li was absorbed, but then, the force of the laws of the area above the Heiquan was not enough.After seeing Nie's move, the flame-flame goddess was shocked. The power of the law contained in the black fountain was extremely large.The strength of Nie’s law of absorption, even if it is a black gold level or even a legendary level, I’m afraid it will be detonated.However, Nie from the repair, but also only the gold level! Only the gold level, absorbed so many laws of power, but nothing at all, and even the plume goddess is also a bit puzzled, Nie away from the absorption of the law of power in the end where to go? The Gold Sea of ​​Souls, the capacity should be very limited! When the Feather Lady was puzzled, Nie Li’s power over the top of the senses was too thin. It was not enough to use. His body gradually sank, and he realized that the power of the Black Spring’s laws was rich.Nie Li is like an addiction. He goes all the way to the depths of the Heiquan. He absorbs the power of more laws. He goes deeper into the depths of the Black Spring. The more powerful the rule is, the more concentrated and purer he is.Seeing Nie Li’s move, the plume that floated above the black fountain, his face changed slightly.“Come on, come on! Come back!” Yu Yan yelled at the Black Spring. Although her soul could feel the situation in the Black Spring, it could not enter the Black Spring, nor could it affect everything in the Black Fountain.Nie Li has entered a state of ecstasy. He did not hear the sound of plume at all.Although she sank in the black fountain, Nie closed the six senses, leaving only a little bit of light out of sight. Even if he stayed in the water for a long time, he would not suffocate.The power of the rules in the Heiquan is getting more and more intense, almost detonating the body of Nie Li.Nie Zi mobilized the soul sea and saw the Arabescula continue to grow and grow the sixth and seventh leaves. The sea of ​​soul from Nie once again is empty and can only continue to absorb the force of law.Fei Yan surprised Nie Li why he could absorb so many laws without being detonated. The reason was that Nie was away from the depths of the soul sea.No matter how many laws of absorption are absorbed, it seems that none of these vines can be satisfied! Nie Li fell into an extremely mysterious realm. Whether it is a tiger tooth panda or a demon spirit, under the nourishment of that vine, a qualitative change has taken place and it has reached the level of five-star gold.Nie Li slowly realized that his strength has made him excited.At this moment, a bright light in the bottom of the lake attracted his attention."What is that thing?" Nie Chuanli is full of doubts. This treasure will not hide any treasures.Thought of this, Nie Li went to the lightCloser and closer, Nie felt the hot air waves blowing, powerful fire power! This is a red-red light ball. It's probably only as large as a grinding wheel. It's dazzling. It's almost blinding to the eye."What seems to be inside?" Nie Li blinked his eyes forcefully, and the power of his usage protected his eyes and looked inside.Everything that the eye sees, instantly makes Nie deterrenceAmong the reddish light ball, a beautiful woman with skin-white color, like a baby, huddled in it. She was not full of inches, and that enchanting posture had an endless temptation.This beauty is only about the size of a baby. If it is not the same as the characteristics of the body, it will definitely be mistaken for a baby.Although the body is very small, everything that I see can not help but let the people warm up.If an ordinary man sees this scene, I am afraid he will be unable to hold it. Fortunately, Nie Li is still quite calm.After seeing all this, Nie Li immediately understood that this red-red light ball is the goddess that the flame-flame goddess is slowly condensing. The beauty inside is the God-new gestation of the gods.In the past, Nie departed from cultivation as not the power of law, but the power of heaven, forcibly breaking through the power of heaven to the destiny of heaven, and this magical power of law has given Nie Li a keen interest.The power of heaven can reshape the flesh, and this godhead can actually revive the fleshThe world is big and there are no wondersThe body of the plume goddess was actually so small. It was really interesting. Nie Li felt the power of the ripples contained in the red light ball. The whole body seemed to be boiling.Nie quickly ran the Sea of ​​Souls. Under the impact of this heat, Nie had grown two leaves out of the vines in the sea of ​​souls. A cool feeling rushed all over the body, and he was no longer affected by this heat. The influence of powerFortunately, this vine can absorb the power of the law, otherwise, I'm afraid it has long been burst by the power of the strong laws here.Even if it is a legendary strongman, I am afraid it can not accommodate the power of such a violent law.(To be continued) The fastest update, no pop-up window to read please