Nie Yi thought for a moment and said, "What about these fabrics?" Nie Li took several pieces of fabric out of the space ring and placed it on the table.∷∷, Yun Ling eyes wide open, Nie actually even have a space ring, to know that this space ring is extremely rare, looks like the entire Tianyun tribe only one leader there is only oneHer eyes were immediately drawn to the fabrics on the table. She gave a shout of exasperation. She picked up the cloth and stroked it. The fabric was smooth and smooth, and covered with elegant patterns.Touching these fabrics, it was hard to look away again at Woolington. They had only burlap in the tribe. How could such fine fabrics be? "How many bronzes do you expect to sell for these things?" Yun Ling looked up and looked at Nie Li, cheeks crimsonly. She was still fascinated by the texture of these fabrics, so she was a little bit off."Two hundred copper bars"Nie Li smiled slightly"Only two hundred copper coins are exchanged? If these fabrics are replaced with five thousand copper, there are many people who want to line up!"Yunling is the same as in the previous life. He treats people with sincerity and goodness. Nie Li smiles and smiles: “Two hundred coppers are enough for me to stay for a few days. Even if these fabrics are given to Yunling, I would like to ask Yun Ling. The girl helped me a favor""What's the deal? "Yeyun asked in confusion, suddenly a bit surprised." How did you know that I was called Lingyun? "" Hear what the people in the market said"Nie Li said with a smile," Who doesn't know Yun Ling girl here? "The cloud spirit is also famous in this place. She is a famous big beauty, but she is also hardworking and diligent. Everyone who comes to the house every day can break the threshold.""Oh" Yunling nodded"Yun Lingjie knows that there is a purple stone here and it is a diamond shape"Nie Li smiled and gestured," and in the sun will emit a faint purple smokeBecome very hot"Oh, you are talking about Ziyanite. We have a lot of rocks here. That kind of stone is totally useless, and there is a little bit of toxins.""Yun Ling said," This kind of thing we have no one here to"The purple smoke in the mouth of YunlingIn fact, it is a purple stone, which is a very precious ore. Collecting and processing it with special methods can help Nie Li practice spiritual power and upgrade to the level of gold Samsung at the fastest speed."Yeah, I'm going to use Ziyan Stone. How much is it? If it's the price, you can use food exchange.Ten purple zimines for a bag of rice“Nie Li said that on this trip, he prepared enough thingsHearing Nie Li's words, Yun Ling was shocked. Ten purple chimneys can be changed for a bag of rice. "Is it true?" Yun Ling asked in surprise."of course it's true"Nie left and nodded. He used rice as an exchange because the land surrounding the Tianyun tribe was too poor."The food is very scarceIn the past, when people such as Nie Li and Ye Zixie came here, they also received some unfair treatment.But they also got relief from many well-intentioned people. Exchange them with rice.“I'll go and get the Ziyan Stone!” Yun Ling said hurriedly, and quickly collected purple smoke stone. Compared to these exquisite fabrics, this kind of thing is more precious.A sack of rice can be less starved to deathTianyun tribe really lacks foodSoon after, Yun Ling brought in 20 pieces of violet stone and 200 copper coins. Nie also exchanged grain and cloth with Yun Ling.Purple smoke really can change food? After Yun Ling gets two bags of rice, she still feels like a dream. They eat wood powder.It is from the tree that is called Muyangshu. The rice is extremely valuable. Only a few nobles can afford it.A bag of rice can even change a poor girl to a beautiful girl! And she only changed her ten purple zi“Nie Li, has this deal been effective all the time?” Yunling asked, very excited"of course"Nie left nodded," but I have a limited number of rice here, ten purple Lingshi can also change five pounds of meat! "Even before Nie left, he deliberately brought a lot of space rings, filled with food and everything.""it is goodI immediately notify everyone"The cloud spirit stood up in joy and purple ribs could change rice and meat. She could not wait to inform everyone."If you change to other people, you will surely keep the news secret, and then scream and make a fortune. However, Yunling does not have this idea at all. What she wants is for each household to have more food, and each family’s life is different. Can be much betterAfter Yunling was gone, the young man walked over to Nie Li and sat in front of Nie Li.“Hello, my name is Xiao Yang. I heard that my brother is willing to take a bag of rice or five catties of meat and change ten purple cimicilli.Xiao Yang asked Nie to see how he had seen foreigners for the first time in many years. He was also full of curiosity about Nie Li."Not badNie left and nodded"I don't know what this purple smoke is. In the end, what is the use?" Xiao Yang asked a bit tentatively.Others are concerned about whether they can change a little more rice or meat, and Xiao Yang noticed the use of the purple stone."This is difficult to explainNie shook his headXiao Yang nodded, and did not ask, Nie Yi willing to use rice and meat for purple smoke stone, then the purple smoke stone must have great uses, Nie Yi refused to say is also reasonableThe original purchase of Ziyan Stone did not need to be too loud. However, Nie Li was not prepared to stay in the Tianyun tribe for a long time. It left a few days later and the strongest one in the Tianyun Tribe was only a black star. There was no one who could threaten himself, so Nie did not care.If you are a black-and-white demon psychic teacher, Nie may be slightly jealous, but it's just a black-and-gold star warrior, so there is absolutely no need to care.Although Nie Li is only one star of gold, all kinds of means are enough to make a black gold class leader suffer a lot of headaches. There are already many black gold class strongmen who died in Nie Li's hands.After the news spreads, the efficiency of redemption will be much higherMany people believe that purple husks can change rice and meat. However, there are still many people who believe in Yun Ling’s words. They hold a try and take some purple zioshi stones. Many people are Only one or two pieces are collected. After all, although there are many purple smoke stone, it is not everywhere.A piece of purple smoke stone for half a catty meat, ten for a bag of rice, Nie Li quickly openedAfter wearing tattered people to exchange rice and meat, they still feel like they are dreaming. There is an unreal feeling. Then, they fall into a state of ecstasy.“Ziyanite really can change meat and rice?” “Scorpio, this is actually true!” Soon, this news spread rapidly after they changed to rice and meat.One after another, many people came to exchange with Nie Li with purple smoke stone, and people who went to the fields to find purple smoke stone also became more and more.The purple haze stone is continuously collected, and the quantity soon reaches several thousands.There are more and more people who are willing to exchange purple chimneys outside, almost blocking the porridge shop's doors.Xiao Yang and others did not expect Nie to have come up with so much food and meat, and he had not yet meant to end the exchange. Nie was too rich to be too rich.At this moment, a sudden noise came from outside.“Let's leave, let go, give me away!” A few stature people pushed the crowd away and walked into the porridge shop. The leader was a bald young man who hugged his upper body and showed a solid muscle. His face and body are covered with scars that make him look very awkward."It's him. He is the son of an adult leader, Nie Li. You have to be careful." Yun Ling anxiously reminded Nie LiSitting beside Xiao Yang is also frowned. I didn't expect Xiao Xiao to come.Xiao mad is the second son of the leader. Xiu Tao has reached the Samsung Samsung. He usually flies in the tribe and fights with injuries.Xiao Yang looked at Nie Li and didn't know how to resolve the Nie departure. If it was not, he could only mediate it."Hey, outsiderXiao Xiao was arrogantly stepping on the bench and was arrogant. "Do you know where this is?" Do business here, but you have to pay taxes! "" Taxes? Don't know what taxes to pay? Nie looked at Xiao crazy"Transaction tax, you have exchanged so many purple cherries, and you have to say five hundred bags of rice first. Otherwise, you can have a good look.Xiao Xiao coldly squeaked, his body exudes furious murderousness, smashing with the monsters all year round, and his bloody murderousness"Xiao Xiao, you are too much like this."Yun Ling step forward, Xiao Xiao mad"Lingling, look at your old man's face. I don't want to be hard for you. You don't want to deal with this thing today.Xiao Xiao coldly squeakedNie Li pushed Yun Ling to the side and smiled and said: “Xiao Xiao’s son, I have 500 bags of rice here. If you want to get it, you have to see if you have such a skill."" Oh, foreigners, it's quite mad. Do you know where this is? Xiao Xiao fiercely slammed Nie Li away"I know, ah, the Tianyun tribe, the strongest leader, it looks like it's only black and gold."Nie laughs lightlyUnder his intimidation, Nie Li was not weak at all. Xiao mad couldn't help but guilty. What kind of person was Nie Li?After all, it was the leader's son. Although Xiao Xiao was usually arrogant, he was not the kind of person who had no brains. He sneered: "Boy, where did you come from?"“Nie Li said calmly, it seemed indifferent“Glory City, where? Did you know that?” Xiao madly looked back at the men behind him."do not know"The men shook their heads and they didn't even go out to the plateau."(To be continued) u