Xiao whispered: "How is this possible? Who can beat Xiao Wolf in a single blow? I am afraid that even your father can't do it?" "I really can't do it."Xiao Wu smiled and shook his head, said," Look at Xiao Lang's injury, he should not be injured by the fist, but it should be some kind of demon! This aggression is so strong that it's hard to imagine that Xiao Wolf struck out tens of meters away! ""Awsome spirit combat skills? Hit fly out tens of meters away? Xiao Xiao was shocked again."Not badXiao Wu nodded his head. Such a powerful demon psychiatrist is really uncomfortable. This kills the demon spirits of Xiao wolf. Its power is so overbearing that he is overbearing. If the tribe hands off, I am afraid that the entire Tianyun tribe must be exterminated by one of him! "Father, who will kill Xiao Xiaolang, will it be that boy? But he is so young! Xiao Xiao suddenly thought of something, asked in surpriseHowever, how is this possible? The other person is a 14-year-old boy.By defeating Xiao Lang, at least that already has the strength equivalent to a black gold level warrior! “In ancient times, genius came out in large numbers, and the 14-year-old black gold level strong was not a rare thing. When the Tianyun tribe fled in the Great Escape, basically there was no practice of demonizing the demon spirit, but the shining city had Such a large number of strong people should have a complete tradition of inheritance!” Xiao Wu said. “Since that young boy said that he is the main city of the glorious city, even if the boy did not reach the black gold level, I am afraid there is also a black gold level. The strong man follows and treats him later. Be very careful and careful!"" Xiao Xiao mad respectfully, fortunately before his smart, did not offend Nie from, otherwise it is estimated that how to die do not knowXiao Wu continued to observe: “There are seven people going over there. Six people are more sluggish. It may be Xiao Lang’s men. The other person’s footsteps are lighter. It should be the teenager."They followGo straight to"Father, they went over there. Do you want to go to the Heiquan?" Xiao said in a stunned manner."Once you enter the black fountainThere must be no death, even if it is a black gold spirit, I am afraid it is difficult to come outXiao Wu also took a cool breath. They did not dare to move on because there was instructions from the ancestors.Everyone must not be near Blackwater metersThere have also been many people who have not believed in evil, but after they entered, no one has ever come out."Xiao Wolf's men do not dare to rush into the black fountain. It is estimated that the young boy forced them in. What did the young boy want to do in Heiquan?" Xiao Wu frowned and looked at the dark woods deep in the distance. Nie Li and others do not know how long it has been"Father, what do we do next?" Xiao asked“You are here to stay and you must not step into the trees in front of you. Wait at least two days.If the boy comes out, immediately invite him to visit us. If it does not come out after two days, you will come back.Xiaowu stared in front of the dark jungle, Shen Sheng said"YesXiao Xiao nodded madlyDark and dark jungleThere was a faint fog of black everywhere. A group of people walked in the woods. There were no traces of this place. There were weeds everywhere, no monsters, and there were all kinds of wimps or humans scattered on the ground. BonesThe first six people walked in frightCreaking, feet on the bones of the Wicked Beast, the voice of the Wicked Corpse bone fractured their heart and liverGradually, the sight in front of him seems to be blurredI'm going to faint immediatelyNie left behind them, and his right hand moved. Six bullets flew up and flew into their mouths. They groaned and swallowed directly.Nie also eaten a potionThis jungle is very dense and deepThere are a lot of black oil trees growing inside, and there will be a lot of toxic gases. With the accumulation of years, more and more toxic gases will accumulate. Once creatures such as Wicked Animals enter, they will slowly poison and lose their consciousness and finally fall to the ground. After they died, the bodies of the Wicked Animals were corrupted and formed various types of suffocates.After swallowing Nie Li's immortality, the six people immediately wake up a lot. They understand it a bit. They almost died like these monsters on the ground. Fortunately, Nie Li's immortality is still very useful.Through the thick woods, they gradually came to a muddy swamp area.“In front of it!” “In front of the mud swamp, there are other places in the swamp. Once stepped in, the entire person will be trapped. Even if it is repaired to be even higher, it is useless, because these muds are poisonous and come into contact. The skin will rot"The six people have looked at Nie Li, they are desperate for Nie Li to say no to go and go back immediately.""You are cutting some trees here, ploughing the trees into planks and laying them on the swamps.Nie Li said calmlyHearing Nie Li’s words, the six people opened their mouths, but they did not have much to say. In the other swamps of the Tianyun Plateau, they did use such a method. They thought they would not say anything, but Nie Li could not think of a solution.Unexpectedly, Nie gave a solutionIn the minds of six people, what a bitter experience they are, what kind of enchanting they encountered? At the age of fourteen, they have the cultivation of the black and gold magnates, and they are mentally alert and fearful. They are completely incapable of touching. What is the thinking of Nie Nie inside the brain?“You can do two things for me and you can leave. One is to use a plank to spread over. The other is to find some vines in the vicinity and form a rope that is several kilometers long. It must be strong. If you don't do well, you will stay here forever! In addition, you don't want to take any tricks. The immortality I give to you will only relieve the toxins in your body and maintain it for half an hour. Even if you go out, the toxins in your body It will also happen unless you take the real antidote from me to completely detoxify!" Nie said calmly."Public, if we do this for you, can we really go?" One of them hoped, and they thought he was dead. He did not expect that Nie could give them a living.The other five people also looked at Nie Li one after another. This time they came to Heiquan. They thought that they must die. If Nie Li was allowed to leave them, they could still go back alive.“I’m talking, if you guys do it for me, I can let you goThe culprit is dead anyway. After you six people, you have to change your heart. Otherwise, I can't spare you any more."Nie left a cold grunt and said"We must reinvent ourselves!" "Thank you for your public don't kill!" "We must do a good job for the public transport!" The six people hurriedly bowed their heads to thank him. This time they went back and they dared to do bad things again. On the one hand, they were backers. Xiao Lang is dead. On the other hand, today's events will be the shadow of their generation. If they can go back alive, it is a mercy."Get it doneNie Li said, he himself was looking for a place to sit down and cultivate his soul.Six people began to get busy and cut down trees to cut down trees and find vines to find vines. Although they were weak in front of Nie, they were all silver and gold warriors. quicklyAfter nearly half an hour, the heads of the six people were a little drowsy again. Nie Li continued to distribute them to them, and they relieved it.Sure enough, the toxins will relapse in half an hour. They are all honest and they dare not have a trace of escape.For five consecutive hours, they slowly paved the planks in the swamp, forming a narrow, small one, leading to the end of the swamp.From the darkness of the sky to the morning light, the six talents had finished their work, and they also gave the long rope that was formed by the vine to Nie Li."This is the detoxification medicine, let's go.Nie Li gave them six emperor pills each."Thank you for not killing the public!" "We must be a good man later!" The six people slammed a few cymbals and hurried off after taking the drug.The black water of this crisis, they do not want to stay longer.The Black Spring is a mysterious place. Nie Li of the past lives has inadvertently entered here. Fortunately, he did not die here and discovered some remainingOnly due to the limited knowledge of previous lives, he found nothing here, and he had no return.It was not until later that Nie had known that the remnants of the remains of the Black Spring were extraordinary.Those relics are definitely laid by some top masters.Following the planks, Nie Liyi flew across the swamp through a large swamp. The end was a raised boulders, and beneath it was an abyss.From a distance, we can see that on the cliff below, a black spring water rushes down to form a magnificent waterfall. On the cliff next to it, there is a raised platform, as if there were traces of artificial excavation.The bottom of the abyss is the bottomless waterIn this pool of water, from time to time reveals terrible breathThe faint sound of faint sounds coming from the faint scent of the Wicked Breath, suffocatingIf someone falls into this pool of water, it is absolutely dead. Although it is not known what is hidden in the pool, it is certain that there are absolutely terrible monsters hidden inside.Nie Li tied a vine rope to a big, solid tree, and the other one threw it down toward the cliff, moving slowly and steadily down the vine, slowly landing on a platform.This platform is five or six meters in diameter, whether it is on the soles of the feet or on the side of the stone walls, are engraved with a variety of strange etched lines.After Nie had left here, he immediately tried to escape and climbed back from this stone wall. However, these etched lines were not carefully studied.Until later in the space of the Book of Space and Demon Spirits, Nie Licai had a deep understanding of these patterns.These imprints are so deep that I’m afraid even the strong ones in the realm of the world may not be arranged.(To be continued)