Ye Zong also received a letter from Nie Li"Nie left this kid and went out to practice."Ye Zong's brows are slightly wrinkled. The sacred family suffering from the brunt of the City of Glory has just been cleared. The Dark Society was also repulsed. It is indeed very safe for the time being. But when Nie left, Ye Zong can always be very practical. After all, this time Nie Li helped him to share a lot of pressure. Nie left and he was really not quite used to it."This kid still left so many things before leaving“Ye Zong shook his head and smiled. In the things left by Nie, there are several things that are used to guard the city of glory, and the same is true of practicing tactics, which is specially adapted to the practice of blizzards. "That's the blessing of your kid! "Your own father-in-law, it's not too embarrassing, Ye Zong can not help but think, in fact, he actually has decided to entrust the nephew to Nie fromDeep in the ancestral mountains, endless jungleNie left a man fleeing through the deep jungle, and it seemed to be an old man. He was very familiar with everything here. Here is the track of past lives.Relatively speaking, it is safe, but there are still some terrible monsters from time to time.Incorporating the shadow demon spirit, Nie Li moves very fast, can escape in a timely manner when he is in danger, and has swept away in the dark jungle and has already reached a far distance.In past lives, they had thought that the city of glory was the only human being left. Because the tide of animals in the dark era was terrible, there would not be any human beings living there.But in fact, there were still some people who survived the special method in that era. They lived in a crisis-ridden world and eventually formed some small tribes.The viability of human beings is even more tenacious than imaginedThe place where Nie Li left was the first place where people passed by during the great migration.The Tianyun Plateau is at the top of a mountain range. The entire top of the mountain is like being cut off by a sword. There is a large plain. There is only one mountain road leading to the top of the mountain. There are thousands of people there, forming a tribeBecause of the high altitude of the Tianyun plateau, there is only one way up and down the mountain, and even the Wicked Beast is hard to reach. Therefore, it is safer, but the food there is extremely scarce and thousands of people can barely live.Under the Tianyun Plateau, it is a terrible danger, the black springThe Blackpool did not know where to come from the ancestral mountain range, and ran down to the abyss all the way, surrounded by monsters, and most of them were black gold and above.Legend has it that among the abyss, there is a group of very powerful legendary monsters.If it is not Tiange’s danger, the Tianyun tribe on the Tianyun Plateau cannot survive.When the early morning sunshine cast a ray of light and shined on the plateau of the Tianyun Plateau, Nie Li, dressed in a short gown, appeared in the market of the Tianyun tribe.The bazaar is lively and busy, and people who come and go are often tattered. In comparison, Nie Li’s clothes are clean and tidy."I don't know if that son is the master of the noble family. Why haven't the family ever met?"The Tianyun tribe hasn’t come in from outsiders for hundreds of years. They didn’t think for a moment.Nie Li stretched a lazy waist and took a deep breath. The corner of his mouth showed a cheerful smile. Everything here is the same as in the past life.Nie walked away from the light car and stopped in front of a porridge shop.A dad with long blond hair is busy in the kitchen while a pretty young girl is carrying porridge to the guests“The business is still so good!” Nie Li thought with a slight smile. He sat in one of the seats and shouted, “Come two bowls of wood flour porridge!” After a moment, that delicate show The girl brought a wooden tray over and put two bowls of hot porridge on it. The girl looked like a fifteen or sixteen-year-old girl in a blue suede. Although it was sewed many times, it did not affect her beauty.Under her long eyebrows, she flashed a pair of pure blue eyesThe white, tender and ruddy face is decorated with a straight, beautiful noseWhen I laugh, I have two dimples on the corner of my mouth, giving me a sweet feelingLong golden vertical hair, natural on the shouldersYun Lingjie is also as beautiful as her previous life, but she is younger than before when she was first seen.In the past, when they migrated here, it was Yunlao and Yun Lingjie who had taken him and Ye Zixuan. At that time, they took care of themselves and Ye Zixuan. Nie Li also vividly remembered.Although in the end Nie Li and others were compelled to continue to embark on the road ahead, it was not the fault of the veteran and Yun Lingjie.He still remembers the time when Yun Sister shed tears when he left.The two bowls of porridge were placed in front of Nie Li, and Yun Ling’s eyes fell on Nie Li’s body. There was a trace of surprise in her eyes. Together with her, she had to meet a lot of customers every day. Her The memory is also very good. Almost all of the people in the Tianyun tribe have seen Yunling but they have never seen Nie Li.Yunling's slender little hand gave a slight shiver and asked with wonder: "Little brother, I haven't seen you. Are you a Tianyun tribe?" "No, I'm just a traveler"Nie Li said with a smileHearing Nie Li’s words, Yun Ling’s mouth was shocked and shocked. For thousands of years, the Tianyun tribe did not come in with an outsider. They almost thought that the outside world had no human existence, but no I thought that today we have ushered in a strange guestYunling immediately sat down and looked at Nie Li from top to bottom and questionedly asked, "Where did you come from? How did you come to our Tianyun tribe?" "I would like to venture into the ancestral Zhuang Mountains and come here unintentionally.“Nie Li smiled a little, saw the cloud with curious eyes and asked this, and I could not help but remember the past life. When he and Ye Zixuan came here, Yunling was like a curious baby.”"I have heard that the world outside is full of terrible monsters. Even blackskins are hard-pressed. Can you be a black-and-white player?" Yun Ling asked in surprise. Nie actually dared to enter. In the ancestral ancestral mountains, I went to experience and it was definitely strong.The black cricket class powerhouse that Yunling said is the black gold class powerhouse. Because of the lack of cultivating exercises in the entire Tianyun tribe, the strongest one is only a black gold star, even the gold class. Only the appearance of more than a dozen people"I'm not a strong player of the black cricket level. I just have some means to save my life. Those powerful witches can't stop me.Nie laughed and smiledAt this moment, there were several dissatisfied voices in the distance."How come our porridge hasn't come yet?""Yun Ling quickly responded with a cry, leaving Nie on the road," Where are you going to live? "" There is a hotel next to it. I'm going to live there. But I don't have bronze for this tribe. Can I get something to change with you? Nie Yi thought about itHearing Nie Li’s words, Yun Ling’s eyes lit up. Nie Li came from the outside world and definitely brought something magical that she had not seen! "Well, all right, I must go to top the porridge first, you wait for me first, I'll be back immediately!" Yun Ling smiled and said,"it is goodNie left and noddedYun Ling went to the porridge, and Nie plucked porridge while looking around. While on the street, besides some merchants selling various things, there were still a few groups of hunters. These hunters often Strong and strong, holding various weapons in his handThe Tianyun plateau had relatively few grains, and a group of people had to go hunting and killing the savage beasts to gain the meat of the sacred beasts before they could barely fill their stomachs. However, hunting the savage beasts was a very dangerous thing, so only the stronger people Can become OrionIn addition to hunters, these hunters also took a variety of jobs and accepted other people’s employments, which are similar to those of mercenaries.There was a group of hunters sitting in the porridge shop in the cloud, and six people in total. Their bodies were very burly. One of the leading people was a handsome young man in a white robe."Ye Ling girl, I'm sorry, a few of my people are too reckless"The young man smiled in apologetic apology to the cloud and looked at Yunling. His eyelids brushed a hint of admiration.""Nothing, I'm sorry to let you wait"Yunling shook his head and put a bowl of bowl of porridge down. There was a bowl of it, riding on a piece of meat. It was for the young people."Meat is very precious. Only a handful of identities are able to afford it. Even though the hunters are a bit blind, they have lowered their heads to drink porridge after a glance."Everybody eats together!" The young man took a knife, cut the piece of meat into pieces and said with a smile.In the Tianyun tribe, in addition to the leader, there are elders who will control the entire tribe’s various decisions. There are five elders in the Presbyterian Church. They seized one force each.For the handsome young man in front of him, Nie Li had a slight impression. It was like the son of an elder. The style of the wind was good.But he can't remember the other person's name.After Yun Ling gave them the porridge, she immediately hurriedly approached Nie from this side. She was full of curiosity about Nie from the outsider and could not wait to know more things."Yes, I don't know what your name is?" Yun Ling asked with a smile. Her mouth showed two shallow dimples and looked very cute."My name is Nie Li.“Nie left and smiled and nodded. In the past life, he had some understanding of Yunling. Yunling was a good girl."Well, Nie, how can you exchange something with me?" Yun Ling asked, she was naturally interested in things outside.(To be continued)