The moon is bright and the trees are covered with mottled treesAtmosphereAfter Nie Li helped Xiao Liner massage the bruises, she watched Xiao Lianer slowly put on his clothes and the two quietly did not speak.Xiao Ning Er looked up at Nie Li. Nie Li’s face was calm and serious. Feeling bruised there was still a trace of warmth. Xiao Ning Er was full of gratitude. If she was not Nie, she did not know that she was still in pain. How long is it?It was Nie Li who rescued her from the endless mud.Xiao Ninger was watching. Nie still had a bit of an embarrassment. After all, some places that he shouldn't touch touched it. He looked like he was still feeling good."Nie Li, you have offended the sacred world, and you must be carefulXiao Geling knew that the sacred families were despicable and shameless. When their family of pterosaurs declined, it was because of the trap of the sacred family. More than 80% of the industries were under the control of the sacred family and had to cling to the sacred family.Until now, the family of Yilong has not recovered its vitality. It belongs to the countdown in the family of giants and will soon fall to the aristocratic family."I know that the sacred family is a famed family, so it will not touch me for the time being. It is estimated that it will take at least a few months before the limelight passes through."Nie laughed a faint smile, but a few months later, he had the means to counter it.Nie Li’s look is full of self-confidence. Xiao Lian’er has a feeling, as if any problem is not a problem in front of Nie Li’s.Her inner heart is full of worship for Nie Li."After you go back, you get a soul crystal that you haven't used before. Let me test it for you.“Nie left to see Xiao Ninger’s way. As each knows better, Nie Li thinks that Xiao Ning'er is a good girl. Maybe she will one day become a powerful arm helper.”Nie Li decided to teach her some powerful exercises"I haven't used a soul crystal? Is this one?" Xiao Lier asked. She took out a basic soul crystal from the space ring. "I have three blocks here.""" It turns out that you have it, that's greatNie Liao smiled and picked up one of them. "You poured in soul power and let me see""Ok"Shaolin nodded her head and she injected her soul into her. The crystal of soul suddenly gave off a dazzling light. I saw a spot in the inside, and the film morphed into a wing-shaped dragonfly and looked like a fly."Nie stunned and looked at Xiao condense child: "The soul force 83, the soul attribute is the wind thunder, the soul form is the wing dragon shape"No wonder the past practice of Xiao Liner's cultivation was so fast, even if he had been lying on the bed for two years, the repairs had rapidly improved, and there was actually a wing-shaped soul form. This is nothing but a peerless talent.With such a soul form, cultivation of any cultivation method is very fast. If you cultivate the practice of wind and thunder, it will be even more difficult.“What is the wind and thunder system, soul form, and wing shape?” Xiao Xinger did not understand the series of words spoken by Nie Li. The beautiful pupil was filled with doubts."It means that you are suitable for practicing wind and thunderbolism."Nie Li thought for a moment." I have a practice here, and I have given it to you."This wind and thunder thunderbolt system has been acquired by Nie in a lost ancient city. It is most suitable for practitioners of the soul form to pterosaur-like cultivation. Once Xiao Lian-er practices this exercise method, he must be trained to make rapid progress. It is much faster than Nie Li and others.Pterosaur-shaped soul form, this talent is so good that even Nie Li feels embarrassed! "This method is much more powerful than you practice!" Nie divorced the Tao and taught it to Xiao Lian-er.Xiao Geling wrote down this practice and scrutinized it. As a result, the exercises in this series of wind and thunder were simply unparalleled! The exercises that she had seen before were in front of this exercise. "This practice is called Fenglei Yilong!" Nie Li smiled and said, "The best method for your cultivation!" "Thank you“Xiao Tinger looked up gratefully at Nie Li and Nie Li’s kindness to her. She didn’t even know what to do. She first helped her escape from the pain and gave her such a powerful method. She bit her lip. , face slightly hot, "I do not know how to repay youNo matter what you let me do, I'm willing"After hearing the gentle words of Xiao Ning'er, Nie twitched at the tip and looked at the tender and pleasant Xiao Ling-er. He smiled and said:" Everyone is a friend, helping each other should beAfter I encountered something, you will help me right? ""Ok"Shaolin nodded and nodded slightly. A glimpse of a glimpse of a glimpse of the glimpse of her pretty pupil. If Nie was to let her be his girlfriend at this time, she would certainly agree without hesitation."The two men each practiced several times, and Xiao Ning'e practiced a bit of wind and thunderbolt that Nie had given away.The soul form is a pterodactyl-shaped person, and the talent of the soul is a super genius without any one of them. Plus the cultivation of a super power method that suits the nature of the body, the cultivation is almost a success.Although the practice of the god of heaven in the end is much stronger than that of the thunderbolt, in the initial stage, the speed of cultivation after the cultivation of the thunderbolt was improved much faster than that of the god of heaven. When it was dawning, Shaw had a faint glare on him.“The practice speed of the wind-winged pterosaurs was really terrible. It took a long time for them to actually touch the edge of a bronze star."Nie Li can't help but feel complacent. In contrast, he and Duze still have talents like Lu Piao and others, and they are relatively ordinary.When Xiao Lianer opened his eyes, Nie Li left, and Xiao Ninger flashed a glimpse of loss in his eyes. From childhood to childhood, she seldom touched other boys. Just think of Nie Li, Xiao Tinger's heart is full of warmthIf she does not meet with Nie, her life does not know how dark it will be. What will be like this, full of hope? She has already decided that whether Nie or she likes her is not her, she will be around Nie's side, until one day she notices her presence.If at this time, the boys who have a crush on Dinger know the decision of the Goddess, they do not know how heartbreaking they are.“Soul power 92, it will soon reach a bronze star!” Xiao Lier was sweating and stingy, but the skin seemed more delicate than before and it was crystal clear.Looking deep into the direction of Nie's departure, Xiao Ning'er put away his own stuff and walked toward the exit of the test field.In the various size herbal medicine shops in the City of Glory, we welcomed some mysterious people. The dresses of these people are like the servants of the big family. They buy madder in the shop frantically. How many are there? Some shops sell for several years. The inventory that did not go out was wiped out“What did they do to buy so many yarrows?” “The man I like to know is a servant of Xiaolong's family Xiao Ninger!” “Why did Miss Xiao Dinger buy purple yarrow? I really couldn’t figure it out!” In addition to burning off the insects, there is no other role. The pterosaur family, ten pounds of yarrow will be sufficient, but these servants have acquired hundreds of thousands of pounds. This number is ObviousAll the stocks of purpurea were purchased by the servants of the Xiao condensate school. Some drugstores sold purple yarrow and even finished the yarrow in the medicine garden.It is estimated that in the next three years, the purple grass of the shining city will be in a state of shortage.However, this kind of thing can be used, but nobody cares.When Nie Li received the space ring filled with purple grasses sent by Xiao Ning Er, it was simply ghastly, hundreds of thousands of jins of purple yarrow grass, fearing that it took hundreds of thousands of demon soul coins.So much money is not a small amount! But Xiao Ninger doesn’t care about it. As long as Nie is happy, she can do anything, not to mention hundreds of thousands of ghosts.On value, hundreds of thousands of demon spirits may not even reach one percent of the wind and thunderbolts.Knowing that Xiao Lian Er Xiu is a rapid and swift advancement, the soul power has been raised to more than 90 in just a few days. It is necessary to break through to the bronze one star. The whole family of Yilong Dragons is in excitement, giving Xiao Lianer hundreds of thousands of demon spirits. Coins and a variety of precious cultivation materials, so Xiao Gelian is not short of money at all.Although it was declining, the dead camel was more dead than the horse, and the financial resources of the Yilong family were still quite amazing.After getting so much cilantro, Nie Li is very satisfied. Although he has no way to return the money to Xiao Ning's children, he should be able to afford to pay for it.No matter whether Du Ze or Lu Piao, they are very puzzled. They don’t understand what Nie Yi bought so much CichlidNie Li found a place in the library. God did not know what to write.In the afternoon, there were a lot of people coming and going in the library. Duze and Lu Piao were reading the books related to Mingwen and combat skills under the guidance of Nie Li. They wanted to cultivate to a very high realm. First of all, Be a knowledgeable masterAfter practicing the magic method, their brain regions have been developed in a certain amount. The general knowledge is never forgetting, and learning is still quite fast.In a place not far from Nie Li and others, a group of students gathered and chatted"My armor, called Yan Yan's Battlegear, is of bronze grade. There is no one hundred thousand demon spirit money at market price!" A student proudly showed off his red armor. He was tall and wearing armor. , quite a bit of forceHis name is Chen Linjian. He is the son of the best family and the family of the Holy Family. He is already bronze at the age of fifteen. He will soon be promoted to silver.In the top three families, the Holy Family is the richest familyChen Linjian is prestigious among students and has a large group of brothers."Put on this body Yan Yan Ming Jia, under the silver invincible!" "Good handsome armor!" Next to a few girls met, have shown envious expressions, there are a lot of people from time to time to Chen Linjian wink"Send you!" Chen Lin Jian throws this piece of Yan Ming Shijiao to his younger brother.The war armor of the hundred thousand demon spirits, said sent to send? Everyone is a little dazedHundreds of thousands of demon spirits are nothing to Chen Linjian. He smiles with a faint smile: “Here is the five-year-old Holy Prophet, which I took from my home, so long as you follow me well, you will ultimately miss you. the benefits of!"