“What is a city of glory?” Xiao whispered with a snarl, his face showing a disdainful look, and his heart was contemplating, and the other party might have come a long way, so there was nothing to fear“The City of Lights is a city. We resisted the attack of the Wicked and built a city in a valley in the ancestral mountains.Although every hundred years will be attacked by animal tides, the City of Glory is almost completely destroyed on several occasions. However, for thousands of years, countless ancestors have sacrificed their lives, and this city still survives tenaciously.“Nie Li said proudly, if it wasn’t the previous billion-dollar animal boom, the City of Glory would continue to prosper.If you hear Nie Li's words, whether it is Yunling or Xiaoyang, the colors of reverence and longing are revealed. What a great city! They, these people, by hiding in the plateau, barely escaped the destiny of hunting by the Wicked, and the glorious city, it is a confrontation with animal tattle! "How many people do you have in the glorious city?" Xiao's frenzied mind quivered and looked to Nie to ask, resisting the attacks of living beasts? They did not dare to fight the monster animal beastIf the City of Lights is strong and strong, and it is very close to this side, if he offends Nie Li, wouldn't he... "We have a population of millions of people in the glorious city, hundreds of thousands of strong people, and the lowest number of repairs, all of them are young people. About one-half of the strong, about one hundred of them are the demon psychic divisions. There are also hundreds of people on the black cymbal level, and there are two legendary super-strong players."Nie said without hesitation, looked at Xiao and other people indifferently.When we heard Nie Li’s words, the people next to them couldn’t help but stunned. There were hundreds of thousands of strong people, and there were countless black scorpions. There were even two legendary strongmen. My God.Yun Ling and others were amazed. It was simply unimaginable.The people around him couldn't help but the heart was trembling. With such terrible power, just sending a team of people and horses over would be enough to completely crush the Tianyun tribe.Even Xiao madly, he was scared and his face paled. He calmed it a bit, then raised his head unwillingly and yelled: "Hundreds of thousands of strong, you are bragging it!" "Brazed?" Nie Li Slightly disdainfully looked at Xiao madly, "You can go with me and see if I am bragging."Nie left his right hand and his hand burst into a fiery spirit.“Enchanted Spirit Master, Huang Xie level?” Seeing this scene, Xiao’s eyeballs are almost bursting out. Nie is only a few years old. He’s at most 14-year-old. The demon psychic teacher, that glorious city has so abundant strength, also is not the strange thing! Xiao Xiao swallowed his mouth, although he could run wild in the Tianyun tribe, but if the other party comes from such a huge city, there is such a terrible force behind it. If he offends Nie Li, it will give the entire Tianyun tribe. Bring disastersKill Nie? Just kidding, if the other party is prepared, the masters of the glorious city have traced it here? Weighed again and again, Xiao knows it, and this person still doesn’t want to inspire it.Xiao happily slammed his feet on the chair slowly, scratched his head, and smiled.Others were also shocked. There was a magnificent city in the mountains of the sacred mountains, with hundreds of thousands of strong players and even legendary peaks.Many people can not help but expect to have a glorious city. They have a shortage of food for the Tianyun tribe. They often starve to death. As many countless cities as the strong, they must be very rich.Otherwise, how could Nie Li exchange so many rice and meat with them? "Aha, this may be a bit misunderstood. I just thought that someone was going to make trouble. Now that he has misunderstood the solution, the son and son have exchanged so much food for us. We certainly welcome you to visit our Tianyun tribe.In this Tianyun tribe, there is a need for me. Although I can come to me, I'm going to do my best to help the son to do it.Xiao Xiao was full of scowls and a fierce face. He was showing a charming smile.The transformation of Xiao’s attitude towards this madness is simply too fast. Xiao Yang, Yun Ling and others can not help but reveal their disdainful looks. The two-faced villain and the cartilage head are so profound when they hear each other’s background. Squat downXiao Xiao didn't care about these things. After she had taken care of Nie Li, he still wanted to be his own patriarch. In the event that the other party became irritated and killed his tribe, it wasn’t nothing at all.As for bone, how much can those things be worth a pound? “I don't know the city of glory, how far is it from here?” Xiao Yang asked, and he felt that Nie Li was not an unsociable person. The reason why he said that he only wanted to beat Xiao mad.When I heard about Xiao Yang’s inquiries, people around us could not help but snoring and listening.“I’ve been coming here from the City of Lights for about ten days. If it’s yours to change, it’s probably the safest route. It may take about two months."Nie Li said, he moved in his heart." I can draw the map for you. If there is a chance, you can go and see if I fake it."After you have been there, just submit my name and say that I will let you in. The guards of the Landlords will naturally arrange for you to settle down.Although there are not many experts in the Tianyun tribe, after all, they still have a black gold-class strongman. There are also many gold and silver grades. If you move to the glorious city, you can still give the city of glory some strength. The reason why the Yunchuan tribesmen are not strong is because they have too few cultivating exercises. Many people are still very talented. If these people recultivate other exercises, the strength will certainly be greatly enhanced.And it is absolutely impossible for the Tianyun tribe to be a threat to the safety of the glorious city.The city of glory is so close to this place, and as long as the name of Nie Li is reported, the people of the House of Lords will make arrangements. Is it possible to leave Nie away from being the person of the main city of the city of glory? It's even more importantXiao Xiaoyi looked at Nie Li with a bit of a deep meaning. Fortunately, he did not offend Nie Li. Nie Li did not have to pursueAfter Nie Li finished speaking, the residents of the Tianyun tribe cannot help but feel that if there is such a place, it is really good.Nie Li took out a map that was drawn densely and said, “This is a map around the City of Glory. I’ll draw you another roadmap from here to the City of Glory.“The map of the City of Glory? Everyone can't help but look toward the table. The area that is thousands of miles away is a city of glory. This area is too wide, and the entire plateau of the sky, even the glorious city of the ten Not even one point! And a large area of ​​farmland near the City of Glory is also eye-catching.“So many people in your shining city, lack of food?” someone askedNie Yi smiled and shook his head: “The farmland we cultivated in the City of Lights is sufficient for supplying millions of people. Most of our farmland is used to grow medicinal herbs. In the mountains near the City of Glory, we have Tens of millions of various fruit trees can be picked at random. The strong people of the City of Glory hunted tens of millions of beasts every year. The excess meat can not be eaten but can only be thrown there to rot.At this time, even Xiaohan, who was once the leader's son, couldn't help but expect infinite promise from the splendid city in Nie's departure. Is it that the city of glory is as rich as Nie Li? Even the son of a leader. Xiao mad for food, can only go to hunt Wicked Animals himself, his scars covered with, it is so comeThe Tianyun tribe is really poor and there are often starved people.Nie Li drew a map and handed it to Xiao Yang. He said, “I’ve only stayed here for two or three days and left, and I’m going to go further in the San Zu mountain range.Xiao Yang carefully took over the map, Xiao Xiao squatted next to the pickpocket, but also excited to look likeThese young people will have longing for a better life. There may be people who are eager to go to the city of glory, but it is estimated that the elders in the tribe will not agree that after all, those old people have lived in the plateau for too long. long timeBut this is not what Nie Li can control. Nie Cui provided maps. If they don't go, they will just go with them.Nie Li is still continuing to use Zi Yan Shi to exchange foodThere were some disturbances in the crowd, and some people quietly talked about it.“Purple smoke stone is sure to be a valuable treasure in the city of glory, but he only uses a bag of rice to exchange with us. We must exchange more rice and meat!” “Yes, we must change more!” They all stopped people who wanted to exchange Zi Yanshi with Nie Yi."We are all starving to death. Are you still letting us live?" Some people are bent on exchanging with Nie Yi.Feeling the crowd's incitement, Nie Li slightly sighed, purple Lingshi is indeed a treasure is right, but this world knows how to use Zi Ling Shi, but it is very few, and for Nie Li, Zi Ling Shi is only When you use it at the golden level, to a higher level, Zi Ling Shi is completely uselessNie Li is able to use purple ling stone. It does not mean that others can also use it. The toxins of purplish stone need to be resolved with special secret methods.No matter what baby you don’t know how to use, it’s just rubbish.The reason why Nie Li exchanged purple smoke stone with the people of the Tianyun tribe with food and meat was that some people used to help people who had fled from the city of glory in their previous lives. However, there were many people in previous lives who drove them to drive them away. After the sky was transported to the plateau, Nie Li et al. had to embark on an unknown journey again.Nie Li felt that he had already done his best. Since these people were greedy enough, there was no way. There was no other person who had exchanged Zi Ling Shi. He smiled at the crowd and smiled: “Since everyone’s Zi Yan Shi has been exchanged , then forget, my purple smoke stone is enough, we all go back, and will not be acquired afterwards!” When the crowd heard Nie Li, the crowd exploded.“Your son, I still have purple smoke stone here, help me to exchange it!” “The son, I have here!” Nie Li looked at these people are the most greedy people, Nie shook his head and said: “ I don't need anymore!")