"The seals of the closed system, among them, three lines of lightning and six lines of sacred flames, once triggered, will have to be cracked first, and then the seals of the closed system will be opened again!" I thought about it in the middle of the centrifugation and started to get busy.△ ↗ ↗ ↗ ↗ ↗ 这些 这些 这些 这些 这些 这些 这些 这些 这些 这些 这些 ↗ ↗"I don't know what these people are putting on these things. Repairs are at least legendary.The layout of these embossings should be what you want to hide! "Nie Centaur guessed that the level of the strong, if it really hides something hereAnything you come up with casually, for the current Nie Li, the use is very big! Nie kept on deciphering these etched patterns and slowly and repeatedly started to crack them.He took every step very carefully, because these imprints are extremely dangerous. If accidentally triggered, even legendary strongmen will be killed.Calculating these etched figures is a very complicated process. The legendary Mingzhi division is much rarer than the legendary master. Before the dark age, the Mingzhi division was a very respected profession.The layout of these embossed figures must be based on legends! Nie Li can not help but look forward to some expectations, this rock inside, do not know what hidden treasures? One after another, the Mingwen was cracked by Nie, and the attack lines were first lifted, and the remaining three lines of seals were calculated.The three lines of seals are more complex than those of other attacks."I didn't think of this world. There are also strong Terran who reach the destiny level.“Nie left himself secretly thinking that he originally thought that in this world only the Wicked Animal had reached the destiny level. I did not expect that among the Terran Powers, there were also Terran Powers who reached the destiny level.Probably after more than three hours, Nie Licai completed the cracking of the remaining three closed lines.When the crack is completeI saw the cliff shivering slightlyA stone door slowly opened on the rock wall and looked into the stone gate, a deep caveThe water in the cave is wet, and drops of water drop from time to time. Then it gathers in the ground and turns into a stream of Juanjuan.Deep and dark caveDo not know where to go"Sure enough, like what I think, what is absolutely hidden here, should be the place where they are treasured."Nie left himself secretly thinking that Arteone was bold and Nie had observed it. After determining that there was no danger, he walked in.Hey, hey, the water droplets above the cave dripSend a crisp voice and spread far away in the secluded caveNie Yi was extra cautious with every step forward, and the surrounding rock walls were covered with various aggressive patterns. Once triggered, they would be dead.If Nie Li was able to deduce these mingles, I am afraid even if Ye Zong is a legendary strongman, he will only have a dead end.“It's a lot of hard work to use these etched patterns. What couldn't be hidden in this cave?” Nie Cheng couldn't help but look forward to it.The bright light coming from the corner of the front entranceNie walked a few steps away and the light came inThe front field of vision expands indefinitelyThis is a huge cave with a ruby-sized violet stone suspended above it. I don't know why, even if there is no sunlight, these purple violet stones still emit a faint violet light, making the caves extremely bright and bright.And in the middle of the caveIt is a huge pool. The black springs keep rising, but the pool water is not full and I don't know where it is going.Nie looked around and there were no traps aroundHe walked confidently insideAround this black fountain, a mysterious engraved pattern was laid, propped up by a huge enchantment."Isn't it those things that are in this black fountain?" Nie thought secretly that he had to break open the enchantment before analyzing whether the water from the Black Fountain was poisonous and then decidedLooking around, there seems to be no other exit hereSuddenly, Nie Li found the side of the Black Spring, and what seemed to be piled underneath the rock wall. Nie had a sudden move in the middle of the rock, slowly climbing through the stones on the edge of the Black Spring, and finally landed on a flat stone.After looking at it, it was determined that there was no danger. Nie had left his eyes on the pile of things.I saw six skeletons lying there. The flesh had decayed, leaving only a few broken bones. And the bones were weathered and eroded.But despite this, Nie still felt a surge of energyThis energy is somewhat similar to the soul power, but it seems to be a level higher than the soul power.Nie looked down and took a look. In addition to these bones, there were many things scattered here. Various armored weapons, although they were covered with a thick layer of gray, but look at the inscriptions engraved on these armored weapons, they all looked like legends. There are as many as tens of objects, all of which are left behind by the dead.These armored weapons have been damaged very badly, but as long as they are dealt with after returning, many of them should still be usable."Legend weapon armor“Nie Li glanced at these bones and did not know what these people were before they were born. Although it seemed a bit embarrassing to take things from the dead, these good things must not be wasted. Nie Li collected all these weapons and armor. , into the space ringAfter a search, I found that these people had space rings on their fingers. Nie Li took all these space rings off and searched through the space rings.This space ring, each one actually has a huge space of several hundred meters, it really deserves to be a legendary powerhouse, and the space ring used is also a good thing.Nie Li replaced one of the space rings on his own hands.Although the passage of time inside the space ring is very slow, the food and immortality in it have already completely disappeared.In addition to food and immortality, Nie also found a corrupted demon crystal.Faye Wong this kind of thing, at least a few hundred years, it will be corrupted so amazing, and placed in the space ring, which may be tens of thousands of years, is it that these guys, are the characters tens of thousands of years ago? Nie Li secretly scared, in addition to corrupted demon crystals, Nie Di but also found a lot of good things, which actually has a suit for their own use of spirits spirit armor, this spirit is as thin as a flap wing, very Soft, big or small, even if it's a legendary master after wearing it, I don’t want to break it easilyThe legendary peak master, palm power through the wind spirit armor also has to be reduced by more than 90%And this thing can be worn in the clothes, not being noticed! This is a good thing! When you come here, it's just an armor and it's worth it! Although after a long period of time, but the spirit of war spirits in the space ring, but no damage at all, you can wear it directly.Nie took off the outside clothes, and then put the wind spirit armor into it and put on the coat again, not feeling bloated at all.Nie Li smiled a bit, this genious armor, so that he has more life-saving costsIn search of a nearby area, there was no other discovery. Nie Li walked to the waterside of the Black Spring. It was difficult for the enchantment around the black spring to break open.However, it is not entirely impossible for Nie Li.Through the enchantment, Nie Li vaguely felt that it seemed to contain some kind of majestic energy.This kind of energy, if absorbed and cultivated, might allow one to break through to the black gold level! Nie’s micro-movement in the middle of the centimeter is an urgent quest to find flaws in the Mingwen circle around the Black Spring."This array of Mingwen, should be arranged by these dead people, this enchantment can keep only a small amount of energy in the enchantment. What are these people hiding in hiding?" Nie thought secretly and sat down. , began to calculate the crack lawNo matter what they want to hide, but with this array of Mingwen, it is absolutely impossible to block their own! When Nie sat down to prepare to crack the Mingwen method, a faint figure emerged slowly over the pool. This is a beautiful woman who looks like she is about 25 or 56 years old. , dressed in a black veil, slender eyebrows, clear eyes, there is a kind of indescribable holy and moving, under the veil, the curve of the figure, exquisiteHowever, Nie Li did not have any ambiguous heart. She just quietly admired each other and thought, this beauty did not know who it was, and left his thoughts on it.The strength of this beauty is probably beyond the legendary level.I did not expect this master of the Holy Spirit actually existed such a masterNie Li has had some curiosity about this woman. When he left the Holy Spirit continent in past life, he thought that only the Wicked Animal reached the rank of destiny in the Holy Spirit mainland.The woman did not know what she had encountered before she died. There was only one leftover, but it is reasonable to say that the master of that level, even if it was merely a ghost, should have its own consciousness.When Nie Lijing stared at the beauty of the sky and secretly thought about it, the beauty suddenly opened her eyes. The sky above the black fountain suddenly changed and transformed into an endless sky.Her eyes are deep and moving, revealing a faint glow, as if she can see through everything, and she burns a faint flame in her body, lining her cheeks like a morning glow.If you change to other people, you must be attracted to her beauty. However, Nie Li’s eyes are still calm. After experiencing the long years of his past life, besides Ye Zixuan, few people can give him a feeling of sensation.Nie is paying attention to the hot energy of the opponent's body. This power is slightly higher than that of the soul."I waited for tens of thousands of years. I did not expect that someone finally arrived here again. Young people, what is your name?"Her voice is empty and uncertain."My name is Nie Li."Nie Li replied calmly," Do not know the older generation? She said with a faint smile: "My name is Yu Yan, the spirit of fire."(To be continued) u