Hearing Nie Li’s words, some people showed a vicious expression, but when they looked at the Xiao Xiao and Xiao Yang next to them, they finally managed to hold back.They don’t care about the tribe’s tribe. They just want more food, more wealth.Nie Li looked calm, facing Xiao Xiao and Xiao Yang: "Two people, I have already purchased something, and I'm going to be out of it for the time being!" Nie is not willing to spend too much time here. After all, he has time pressure. We must hurry to practiceAfter leaving, Nie Li left straight awayAfter Nie left, there was a long silence"Xiao Yang, you said that Nie Li said, is it true?"Xiao Yang looked a little unexpectedly Xiao madness, Xiao madness was eloquent on weekdays, it was rare that he would actually put down his size to ask himXiao Yang said with a faint smile: “It’s true or false. Xiao Xiao’s master should be able to tell. There is no need for us to deceive us. We’re so poor.Even if Nie Li used a bag of rice for 100 pieces of purple smoky stone, some people would continue to give him Ziyan Stone to him. He was willing to use a bag of rice for ten pieces of purple ash. Is he stupid? Obviously not, he just looks at our tribe people are pitiful, help us! Xiao Xiao broodingly pondered and said: "It seems that the shining city is really a land of abundance.""" This should be true, but Xiao Xiao master, if we clan migration, you will no longer be a tribal minority patriarch, after all, to that place, but to send a hedge! “Xiao Yang said, Xiao Xiao’s arrogant personality went to someone’s site.It is estimated that it will not adapt to itXiao Han's eyebrows picked: "I'm Xiao Yan really a bad guy. I don't care less about bullying a male tyrant. I admit it, but do you think that I will be reluctant to the position of this minority patriarch? The Tianyun tribe is so poor, everyday If anyone can starve to death, if we can move the family to a rich place, then let me be a grandson. If so, why not? I will personally take people along this route to the City of Glory to take a look.If there is such a place, then I will desperatelyPersuading the old man to relocate is better than clan starving at this place of ghosts! "If you hear Xiao mad, Xiao Yang stunned him for the first time.Has produced a slight sense of admiration"If you want to take people to the city of Guanghui to check the situation, then let me take it!" Xiao Yang said proudly, although dangerous along the way, but he is absolutely not shrinking“Yes, a word is set!” “A word is set!” At this time, Nie Li has already traveled to the depths of the Tianyun plateau. The Tianyun Plateau is surrounded by hundreds of miles of cliffs surrounded by cliffs.Extremely dangerous, most of the Wicked Animals are not able to come, so the Tianyun Tribe can barely survive, but there are still some Wicked Animals on the Tianyun Plateau.But those evil beasts are not particularly strongWith Nie away from life now, do not have to worry aboutNie Li entered the depths of the Tianyun plateauOne of the hottest places in the sun stopped on a large flat stoneThen he laid out a matrix method with hundreds of violet stones, carved a mysterious pattern in the matrix, and then sat on the stone and practiced it.Nie Li collects these purple mitesIt is precisely for the purpose of improving cultivation that the impact is higher.The fiery sun shines on the violet stone, refracting the dazzling brilliance, then a purple smoke rises slowly, and under the formation of the formation, it envelopes Nie away from the body.The purple smoke became more and more concentrated, and even Nie Li's figure was blurred.Nie Li took a deep breath. The purple smoke was suddenly evacuated and swallowed by Nie.Nie Li began refining and the soul power in the soul sea continued to expand. The spirit demon spirit and tiger tooth panda in the sea of ​​souls also greedily swallowed the soul power and continued to grow and develop.On the top of the plateau, although the temperature is extremely low, there are more than three-fourths of the day's daily sunshine exposure.Nie Li can have a lot of time to practiceThis purple smoke is full of toxic gasesNie Li felt that numerous souls constantly punctured the sea of ​​soul and exposed his body to blue veins. This kind of pain was painfully painful and made him grumbleHowever, Nie Li resolutely endured this pain and expanded the sea of ​​soul little by little, allowing the soul sea to have a greater capacity.Nie Li feels that the vine that connects the tiger tooth panda and the demon spirit in the sea of ​​souls grows stronger and stronger. It is slowly bearing a leaf beside it.He also did not know how this vine was formed. It was formed by the power of the soul and nourished by the soul. It was very amazing.With the passage of time, Nie Li felt that the entire soul exploded with a loud thud. In the terrible pain, one strand of soul power was rushing toward the limbs and bursting with bursts of explosiveness everywhere on the body. openNie Li feels its own strength and continues to grow.The original cultivation of Nie Li has already reached the peak of the golden two-star. This time, under the catalysis of violet, it has finally begun a qualitative transformation.The body's bones and bones kept bursting with bursts of buzz. His soul power has entered the golden Samsung level, and the body's power has also been greatly enhanced.At present, only a few hundred purple cores have been used. There are so many purple diamonds, enough Nie to continue to impact the four-star level of gold.The effect of these purple mites is still quite obviousNie Li continued to sift through the purple plume, consolidating and consolidating his cultivation.When Nie Li concentrated on cultivation, a group of people were moving toward this place a few miles away. The leader was a brawny man with strong hair and a strong, strong man. He also had three points stronger than Xiao Kuang. His upper body. With two hammers in his hand and a pair of trousers in the lower body, the whole body is full of muscles.There are seven people behind him. These seven people are of different heights but they are all very skillful."We are sure that the boy has left this place. As long as he does not go down the hill, he will surely still carry the plateau on this day!" a skinny monkey-like person said beside the brawny man. Although thin, but also very fine"Crap, don't I know it yet?""The boss is"The skinny monkey hurriedly smiled.The next few people also spoke: "That kid so many space rings, there must be a lot of good things inside, although he is a Huang Qi level, with our three Huang Ji level, five Bai Ji level, but also afraid to clean up Can't we get that boy? We kill him and grab his stuff. This life can be worry-free!” “Yeah, this kid actually took a bag of grain and exchanged ten pieces of violet stone, even if he used a bag for one hundred. A thousand blocks, there are many people willing to changeIf he gave five sacks of rice, it is estimated that he could replace the beautiful young niece of Wanglao four! "" Xiao Lang boss boss Huang Fei five-star peak of the master, we robbed him of things, and then for a few beautiful gossip play, ha ha! "Several people have laughed wildlyNie Li is practicing with great concentration and is in a state of forgetfulness. The vine slowly nourishes and grows. Nie Li feels as if he feels that his own soul has spread out of his body and is constantly expanding to the surrounding, even the flowers and birds around him, even if Just a flies can also feelThe flowers and birds and trees are all spirits. Nie away sees the spirits in their bodies. After touching the soul power of Nie, the spirits in these flowers and birds can't help jumping up.At this time, Nie Li, only to understand that he has embarked on a cultivation road that is completely different from the previous one. If this path continues, one might see a different kind of world.About a few minutes later, Nie Li seemed to have sensed something and slowly opened his eyes.Nie Li knows that in the Tiancun tribe, there will certainly be people who can't stand it.The Tianyun tribe is too poor. There are many evil and wicked people. They certainly will not be watching their departure, but Nie Li is already ready."Three Gold Levels, Five Silver Levels"When Nie Li saw the lead wolf with his soul perception, a flash of cold flashed through his eyes. This Xiaolang's past life was contaminated with blood, and he had killed many people who had fled from the City of Glory.Past and present, one report was reported! Nie Li is not ready to let this Xiao Lang leave."Boss, this kid is over there!" said the skinny monkey screaming, and at a glance he noticed where Nie was away."Enclose him!" Xiao wolf's mouth showed a sneer sneeze, filled with endless killingHey, eight people each took up one corner and entrusted it to Nie, and surrounded Nie away. They decided that Nie could not run away.Nie Li looked at these eight people and slowly stood up."Hey, kid, give up everything in your hand. I can spare you from death, otherwise you don't want to get out of the plateau!" Xiao Lang said, with a huge double hammer in his hand, he said with a sneer, and he sounded like a flood. , shaking the leaves aroundAs a golden five-star strongman, he can rank among the top three in the entire Tianyun tribe. Even the chief can’t handle him."Let me hand over everything. It depends on whether you have this ability."Nie Li's tone is calm and wavelessXiao Wolf felt his eyes leaped and jumped. Faced with the encirclement of eight people, Nie Li was still so calm and calm. His cultivation was definitely extraordinary, but Xiao Wo could not be scared away. He was always on the knife edge. The bloody person challenges every kind of beast every day and sees itThe wealth is in danger, he will not understand this truth"Boy, don't eat and eat fine wine toast, take me a hammer!" Xiao Lang jumped violently, like a tiger plunging down.(To be continuedIf you like this work, you are welcome to vote for the recommendation and monthly pass. Your support is my biggest motivation.Mobile phone users please read m)... For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience