Readx(); [burn text library][] fire spirit? Nie thought of the spirit of the snow spirit that Yeh Sum had previously summoned from the shrine of the city.Le - Wen - Nie Li was also curious about the spirit of the snow spirit, that spirit snow spirit seems to be just a glance, but the strength is very amazing, reaching the legendary peakNie Li thinks that Fengshen Lingshen is just creatures from different worlds, but this woman, who also claims to be a god of spirit, is the same creature as the Snow Spirit. Nie Li secretly pondered that this woman should be the strongest man in heaven.Once you step into the destiny realm from the legendary stage, life expectancy will be infinitely prolonged. Unless there are special circumstances, it will not die.At that level, even if there are many legendary strongmen, they are not opponents.Just like the dawn of darkness, thousands of legendary strong men were besieging the Wicked Animal who entered the destiny, but it has led to the catastrophe of mankind.There is so much mystery in the world that there is so much mystery in this world. Perhaps this world is far more complicated than Nie saw from past life.Nie Li felt that the woman who claimed to be the spirit of fire was not quite the same as the masters of heavenly life that were seen in the past.The imaginary image of Yu Yan looked at Nie Li and revealed a faint gentle smile: "We are the gods of the world and are in charge of the laws between heaven and earth. I am in charge of fire, but my body has dissipated.My Godhead has shattered and become extremely tiny dust particles, scattered in every corner of the world. However, our Spirit God is eternal and immortal, and my Godhead will slowly recover after tens of thousands of years of experience. Converge, then restore our ontologyNie frowned, even if it was a mighty man, he could not dissipate in the body and break up into dust.Can also be reunitedWhat is this Spirit God? It seems to have seen the doubts of Nie Li. Yu Yan said, “The spirit is the god of this world, and each main world can only produce 36 spiritual gods.A sub-world can only produce one god of spirit. They each have a law of heaven and earth.So the Spirit God represents the rules of the world"In ancient times, there were a total of 36 spiritual gods in our main world. There were 72 spiritual gods in the subordinate world. A quarter of them were human races, and one-half of them were monsters. And a quarter of them are other creatures, and they are the most powerful rulers in the world."Yuan Yan slowly said," In order to compete for the rulesThe tribes that we commanded launched endless killings. Eventually, many spiritual gods were annihilated, and some of them were like me. The godhead collapsed and the ontology ceased to exist."We have mastered the laws of the heavens and the earth. For example, I have mastered the law of fire. Only when I die completely and lose control over the laws of fire, can the latecomers master the laws of fire?"Become a New Fire SpiritSaid Yu Yan“Hundreds of thousands of years ago, Wicked Animals wanted to kill all the spiritual gods of my Terran and to control all the rules, and then launched a battle against me.Although we have jointly defeated the Wicked Clan, we ourselves are dead and wounded.The gods that I have scattered around the world can sense that the Wicked Clan has just born another spirit and I want to destroy the heritage of my Terran.It's a pity that my godhead has so far only condense one-third of it. If we wait for more spirits and control all the rules of the Wicked Animal, then the Terrans will have a disaster.""My Godhead can only wait in this dark fountain and slowly wait for the reunification of Godhead.Once I leave the black spring, keep a group of legendary monsters in the black fountain.Will desperately stop and defeat my body"I heard the flamesNie Li has had some understanding of the existence of the Spirit God.It is estimated that the spiritual gods have a unique set of cultivation methods that can break through to the heavenly realm and integrate with the laws of heaven and earth. The law of heaven and earth is still there, and they are very difficult to be destroyed.Hundreds of thousands of years ago, the spirits of the Terran and Wicked animals once broke out and the spirits of the two races were killed and wounded. Therefore, the entire Holy Spirit continent has not reached the level of desperation.I don’t know if this magical cultivation method is exactly what it is. Even Nie Li could not help but be curious.The plume was far away and he sighed: “When my godhead wants to reunite, the fear of the Terran heritage is to destroy it completely!” If you hear Yu Yan, Nie smiles and laughs: “The inheritance of the Terran Will not be extinguished, the goddess of plume does not have to worry about people"Lamiao sighed, and his eyes fell on Nie Li's body," said: "Between the spirits and spirits of our people, there is a super-strong person who has mastered the rules of time and space, and the Spirit of Time and Space, and the Spirit Spirit of the Terrans is about to be destroyed. At that time, he used time and space rules to enter the vast river of time, and took the string of time to influence the future. As a way to save the Terrans, we did not know what arrangements the Spirit and Spirit of Time had done. I only waited quietly.You are the first person to enter the black fountainNie departed from the eyebrows and picked up a super strong man who mastered the rules of time and space. He could enter the long river of time. Nie Li discovered that although his past lives had reached its peak and even entered another domain, there were some The esoteric meaning of the world is too little to understandEspecially the law of time and spaceWill the Spiritual Spirit of Time and Space be related to the Book of Time and Space Spirit? It is reasonable to say that the repairs of past lives exceeded the fate of heaven, but for space-time laws, Nie Li still has little knowledge, and the law of space-time is the most mysterious place in the universe.Yu Yan said that he was the first person to enter the Black Spring. Is it time for him to enter here is the spiritual and spiritual arrangement? Or is it the result of the influence of time and space on the time of the fluctuating time? Think of the Book of Space and Demon Spirits, and there is still a lot of doubts about Nie Chengli.In his past life, he left the world inadvertently and went to another domain. He still does not understand much about this world.Although Nie Yi was puzzled, he discovered that there were some mysterious and mysterious things that were slowly unfolding in front of him. Nie Li could only glance at the leopards and see a little, but this little bit was enough to cause endless curiosity. People want to know everythingBefore he has enough strength to go to another boundary, he must uncover all mysteries."What can I do then?" Nie asked from the flamesFeather flame is a bit strange. Ordinary children hear her. They either do not understand it. If they understand it, the normal reaction should be extremely shocking. However, Nie Li seems very calm and flat, although it has a frown. Thinking, but no surprised expression, as if everything understands"I will pass on the power of the law to you. As for how much you can comprehend and what level to reach, you must look at yourself!" Calmly, his feathers slowly said, "The twenty-seven Spirits of our Terran Among them, six people are completely annihilated. Some of the remaining gods are disintegrated. Some are dead and do not know. If you understand the laws of the six strong men, they are the most suitable and easiest.""Oh? What are the rules? ” Nie’s spin in the middle of a spin and askedAlthough the cultivation of the rules is certainly better than that of the gods of heaven, but knowing more about the cultivation methods of the rules, there is no harm in the process."Then I will practice the strongest rules"Nie left for a momentThe deep eyes of the plume goddess took a look at Nie Li and said: “The stronger the rule is, the harder it will be to cultivate, and everyone can only practice one rule and chewyly chews.Practice fits your own rules and it is the best"Nie Li thought for a moment, and he certainly will continue to practice the Taoist gods. He is only curious about the cultivation of the rules." "Choose the strongest rules.""The goddess of flames looked at Nie Li, a bit helpless. After all, Nie Li was too young. He might have to touch the wall before he learned that the cultivation of the rules is not so simple.""The six most deadly spirits are the three rules of light, darkness, and chaos. Although the Spirit of Chaos I saw him annihilate with one's own eyes, the Chaos Spirit is the most strange of all the spirits. Existence, maybe there will be any postponementThe remaining three people understand the rules of the element, the earth, the thunder and the gold system."The most important rule of comprehension is the law of induction."I will teach you the method of induction here"Yuan Yan said," but the method of induction is difficult, you may have to retreat here for two decadesIt is possible to sense the power of a rule"" Retirement for 20 years? "Nie left after hearing it and smiled. If he retires for 20 years and then goes out again, the city of glory is still not a problem."“Twenty years are short, and we must have at least fifty or sixty years to comprehend the rules. Only then can we have a little understanding of the law. And at that time, countless people were convicting the rules and the power of the rules. When it is the most majestic time, the power of the law is now much thinner than before."I can only try it, but for a maximum of one month, I will leave here. I have something that I have to do.""Nie shook her head and insistedHearing Nie Li’s words, Yu Yan shook her head and sighed. Even within a month, even with her guidance, Nie Li was completely unable to comprehend the rules. He even felt that it would be very difficult to sense a little bit.However, in the midst of these black springs, there have been endless years and nothing has been done."Well, let's try it."The flames said helplessly. Nie left to go. She had only a little bit of remnant gathering on the surface of God's grain and could not stop Nie from leaving."In the past, Nie left to leave another cultivation road. There is not a little connection with this law, but the practice of cultivation is a method of passing through the law.Nie Li does not believe in the power of his cultivation of this rule, but also for 20 years(To be continued)