Five-star gold martial arts, to a martial arts, Xiao Lang's strength is still good, but unfortunately, just an army onlyNie Li shouted, and his body quickly expanded. He had already merged the tiger teeth panda spirit. The huge body shape instantly exceeded Xiao Wo's."Scorpio, this boy is a fusion of demon spirits!" exclaimed several people outside.Seeing this scene, Xiao Wolf is also mad at heart, but his hammer hits and it is impossible to recover.This Tianyun tribe, even the demon spirit teacher is very few, only a few people only, did not touch any combat skills in the battle, in Nie Li, this group of people is no different from the original peopleLooking at Xiao Wolf, Nie Li suddenly displayed a combat technique.Xiao Long wore a sledgehammer suddenly several times the weight, the weight of the original sledgehammer has been very scary, and suddenly sank several times, Xiao Lang suddenly felt the weight of terror, the whole face was exposed, barely able to hammer To get up, no stumbling to the groundThis is what the demon spirit teacher's combat skills, it really is strong, but he will not be so easy to admit defeat, Nie Li is strong, but has stirred the bloody nature of Xiao wolf, Xiao wolf body full of ups and downs, picked up the hammer towards Nie from Squat downAfter seeing a huge hammer whistling, Nie did not flinch and he swung a giant palm toward the hammer.With a terrible thunder, the huge teeth of the tiger toothed panda slammed over Xiao Lang’s hammer and saw Xiao Xiao’s hammer flew out of life and flew out of the dozens of meters. Pull out a pitXiao Long shook his right hand, and his whole tiger's mouth was shattered. The blood flowed directly. He did not think that this tiger tooth panda had such a terrible power that he actually surpassed him as the gold five-star warrior.The people around us were slightly embarrassed and did not expect Nie to be so young.We must know that Xiao Lang is already the third strongest player in their tribe.With their own bravery, they are infinitely strong, and even the chiefs have to retreat.But did not expect it, just a moveThe hammer in his hand was shot by NieThe people looked at each other and jumped at the same time.Nie looked around, despite the siege of so many people, but he did not panic.Jinjin Gold Samsung, he is looking for someone to try his own strengthAlthough the tiger tooth is fat and slightly fat, the movement is not slow.Feeling of a palm attack, Nie leaned back sideways, evading the attack and taking pictures with his hands.A figure flies backwards“Don’t face him up against him, attack him and lay down him!” Xiao Lang grunted and waved the rest of the hammers toward Nie.Face to face with enemiesThe strength of Nie Li was terrible, so Xiao Lang thought of the idea of ​​hunting Warcraft at ordinary times.Just as the skinny monkey pounced on Nie away from the next disk, Nie suddenly bent his knees, his knees directly on the face of the skinny monkey, hissing, the monkeys' nosebleeds, and they flew backwards.Nie Li's movement is very much of a soul, and his fists are used together. After several strokes, seven people fly out"Go to hell!" Xiao Wo leaped while Nie left to attack others.Wielding a giant hammer and kneeling down towards NieSeeing Xiao Lang’s look like a wild beast, Nie suddenly flashed a flash of coldness in his eyes. This Xiao Wolf usually did no harm and he wanted to kill himself again.There is more than one deathNie Lie's yells and spit out darknessA black and white light ball spirals and flies towards the above Xiao Lang.Seeing a black and white ball of light flying toward himself, Xiao Lang is blinding, so close, and flies in the air.He had no time to dodge, and the sledgehammer in his left hand made him very difficult.Light and darkness explode on the chest of Xiao Wo’s chest. The horrible impact lifted Xiao Wolf directly and kept rotating spirally. He flew out of a dozens of meters and slammed into a big tree. Then slowly fell downThe big hammers flew out five or six meters and landed on the ground. A deep hole was found on the ground.After seeing this scene, all the other seven people stayed on their eyes. The blast was terrible just now. Although they were just about 78 meters away, they still felt the terrible impact.What is this combat technique is really terrible! Their Xiaolang boss is a five-star gold martial artist, and is born with divine power! As a result, the first face-to-face hammer was beaten, the second face-to-face man was beaten, and the power of the explosion was too horrible. On this attack, Xiao Lang’s boss would not survive."Only with such an ability, but also dare to play robber robbery?" Nie shrugged, in his view, although Xiao Lang is a gold five-star martial arts, but no difference with a primitive person, Nie Li completely did not exert his full strength.Two face to face to solve a gold five-star strong, this is the terrible place of the demon spirit teacher? The remaining seven people feel that their legs are almost scared and soft, and they understand that they have provoked someone who shouldn’t have been! The seven of them immediately wanted to turn and escape. Although they had previously suffered some injuries with Nie, they did not rush to escape this time. Which is also worth the injury? Suddenly, they felt that their bodies were several times heavier, and a murderous plane spread over them. They were scared and frightened."If you want to run, you can try and see if you will die."The quiet voice of Nie from them sounds like they come from hell and hell."The seven people hurriedly returned, and ordinary to Nie Lixia."Heroic life!" "Emperor's Master is merciless!" "We didn't mean to provoke adults. They were Xiao Wo. Xiao Wo directed us, and we didn't want to! It was He who intimidated us and we had to Do so!” The seven people suddenly cry in tears, a tearful nose, more miserable miserableIf Xiao Wo is still alive, they certainly would not dare say it, but now Xiao Wo is dead. Of course they unanimously spilled the sewage on Xiao Lang.Nie deplored coldly. He would believe that the ghosts of these people were ghosts. However, these seven people still had useful things. Anyway, seven of them were mischievous.Nie Li said, “Get up, I’ll spare your life today, but you have to go with me to a place“If you hear Nie Li’s words, if seven people get big, they quickly thank them."Thank you heroes!" "Thank you, the demon spirit master!" "I don't know where the adults want us to go?" Nie gave them a faint glance and sneered: "The black fountain!" Hear Nie Li's words The seven people were suddenly scared and pale, and they never expected that Nie had to go to such a dangerous place."Adults, that place must not go!" "It was too dangerous, and it was definitely a dead end!" Nie Li calmly said: "This is my decision, you have no choice!" "I don't go, that place I Don't go!” The skinny monkey went mad, and he took a leg to run outside.Nie Li coldly snorted and displayed a gravitational gas field. As a result, the speed of the skinny monkey was delayed. He quickly swept to the side of the skinny monkey and then he uttered an angry cry and threw a shot at the Thunder.The skinny monkey flew dozens of meters and crashed heavily on the ground, where he did not move."You guys?" Nie swept away coldly over the remaining six people.The six people felt that Nie had lost a terrible murderous spirit and shuddered with a shudder. The meaning of Nie Li was obvious. They did not go to Heiquan and they were a dead end.You can die later when you go to Heiquan, but you have to die nowAlthough they thought of the Black Fountain, they all sweated, but now they have no choice"Everyone, let's go!" The six men were weeping. They regretted that their intestines were all green. They knew that they wouldn't come to kill people and the goods would be sold. As a result, they wouldn't be able to kill the chickens, but they would even go to the terrible black fountain. They would die. dealThe six people led the way in front and Nie left behindWhen I reached a junction, the six people turned to the left"Go to the right, you have taken the wrong path. If you want to die, just say!" Nie came from the back with a cold voice, and a murderous air shrouded them."We are wrong!" "Please adults forgive us!" The six people hurried back and Nie Li knew how to get the Black Spring away? One of them gravely said: "When adults know where the black fountain is, why should we let us lead the way?" "Let you lead the way with you, and ask so much!" Nie defied coldly, and to these people, Nie Li Naturally not politeThe six people had weak legs. In their eyes, Nie Li was like a god of death from hell.A group of people went far and entered the deep jungleAfter a long time, Nie Li came to a group of people where Xiao Long and others fought. The leader was an elderly person who was all white, but he was physically strong and his spirit was strong.Xiao Xiao and a few others are behind this old manThe crowd stopped and observed the surroundings. There were only two bodies on the ground and some traces of fighting.Seeing this scene, the elderly wrinkled their brows"It seems like a fight has happened here“ Xiao Xiao went to one of the bodies in front of him, and his heart was startled. “My father, Xiao Wo! "Xiao wolf is a tyrant of the Tianyun tribe. Its strength has reached the realm of the Huangqi Five Stars. Xiao Wu's father Xiao Wu can't do anything about it."Xiao Lang, this man is born with great power, very brave, killing and transshipment things did not do less, is simply notoriousBut I didn't expect Xiao Lang to be killed.After observing the situation around him, Xiao Wu’s eyes revealed a deep shock and said: “Xiao Wo’s footsteps are heavier. From here to here, they are in a state of aggressive attack and then bumped into it. Here, there is no footprint of the opponent. Then the other person should be standing on this stone.After arriving here, the footprints of Xiao Lang suddenly fell so much that it should have reached the limit of its strength, but there were no footprints behind it. It was already visible that it had been plundered. Although there were footprints in other places, there were few signs of fighting. Xiao Lang is beaten by one stroke or two strokes! "(To be continued)