Readx(); Ye Zixuan's other home, Nie Li quietly sits on siteThe scenes appear in his mind, including the various events that happened with Ye Zixuan, Xiao Geling and others after coming back. Now that the sacred family has been extinguished, he is regarded as fulfilling his first wish. No matter what the future will be, it is at least completely ChangedAfter the sacred family, it was the dark guild, the dark guild that mysteriously lurked in the dark, and the demon master who threatened the city of glory at that moment.If one day does not extinguish the dark guild and kill the demon master, Nie Li feels sleepless.However, with the normal progress of cultivation, we cannot reach the realm of legend in a short period of time. Only other methods are available! Nie Cuiyi took a look at it and had some ideas, but it also meant that he had to leave the City of Glory for some time.In addition to promoting cultivation, Nie also wanted to explore where the dark ancestral home was.Nie looked up and stared at the sky. He only saw the owl fluttering down from above and landed on Nie’s shoulders.“Ye Ye’s ancestor, I’m going to leave the city of glory and go out to practice. I write a few letters, please send my friend, my parents"Nie left for a moment and said“Nie is away from the boy. Where are you going to go?” Ye Yan’s ancestor asked. “Do you want to go with this ancestor?” “No need.“Nie shook her head and shook her head.” I’m not far from where I’m going. In addition, I’d like to take a look at the underground world you’ve talked about, and follow the position of the dark guild. Otherwise, the enemy is bright, and I’m dark. Want to kill the dark guild"After hearing Nie Li, Ye Yan's ancestors were surprisedRoad: "Are you ready to go alone to explore the Dark Guild? Is this too dangerous?" "No, I have a means to save lives."“Nie left the road, as long as she does not run into the demon master, Nie Li should be able to protect himself.Nie from the thoughts, the Book of Time and Demon Spirit, is it still in that distant desert shrine? You have to come back within three months. In such a short time, I’m afraid I can’t go to Desert God’s Palace.But except for the desert shrineIn some places, past lives have had Nie Li's footprints and memories.Want to reach the legendary field in a very short period of timeStill quite difficult, but no one but him can save the city of glory. He must shoulder this responsibility.Therefore, only by going out to experience the fastest speedShock LegendNie Li wrote the letter and handed it to Ye Yan’s ancestor."Then you are careful"Ye Yan's ancestors reminded Nie to leave the road, and then he took advantage of the letter to take off.Watching Ye Yan’s ancestors fly farther and farther, Nie Li looked at Ye Zixi’s roomIn Ye Zixuan’s room, Ye Zixuan was still sulking. She managed to practice to the golden level. She thought she had enough power to share her father’s concerns.Can also help Nie from theBut when the war came, Nie Li and his father kept her in the secret room.Although she knew that Nie Li and her father were concerned about her, she still felt a little wronged.At least today she does not want to see Nie again, who let Nie Li lie to her, this is the punishment of Nie Li! Ye Zi smashedFeeling somewhat indifferent, she sat in bedCultivated from the soul force, behind herThe figure of Empress Wind and Snow gradually emerged, which covered her face with a pale frost, and the moonlight poured over her body.Make her like a beautiful fairyNie Lie gazed into the silent night, sensing the soul power that escaped in Ye Zixuan’s room.Nie Li knows that Ye Zixuan is also practicing hard.He understood Ye Zixuan's mood and Ye Zixuan also wanted to become stronger and guard the glorious city.The reason why Ye Ziyan had been locked up in the secret chamber was because Nie Li did not want Ye Zixuan to receive any kind of injury and was born again. Nie Li did not want to lose anymore.If Nie Li told Ye Zixuan, Xiao Tinger, and Du Zeh that they would go out and go out to practice, they would definitely follow it.Nie Li should have left quietly, but at this moment in his heart, there is also a bit of sadness.Nie Li walked to Ye Zixi's door and froze it. He tried to knock on the door several times but hesitated again.Sitting on the bed, Ye Zixuan felt the breath outside the door. She opened her eyes. The person outside the door should be Nie."I will not open the door for you, who told you to keep me in the secret room today!" Ye Zixin thought, so late, Nie also wanted to come in, Ye Ziyan heart and mind tremble, cheeks blush, who knows Nie will leave She did not give Nie to leave the door to do anything. Thinking that before he actually got into Nie Li's bed, Ye Zixuan couldn't wait to dig into it.Standing in the doorway of Ye Zixuan's room for a long time, Nie Yi thought about it. After all, he didn't knock Ye Zixuan's door. After all, he said nothing.In order to be able to have enough strength to fight against the demon lord and against the dark guild, Nie Li must improve his own cultivation as quickly as possible, and promote cultivation as a matter of fact. It is not enough to rely on retreats and cultivation alone. It needs something to act as a catalyst.Ye Ziyan looked at Nie Li’s presence on the door. Nie had been standing for a long time. She was hesitant. Should she leave Nie to leave the door? "This dangerous fight actually put me in the secret room. I want to forgive you, but it's not that easy!" Ye Ziyan grinned, annoyed and thought, Nie Li was too annoying.Knowing that fathers, tribal peoples, and Nie Li are fighting for the survival of the city of glory, they are locked in secret rooms.She didn't want to talk to Nie Li all dayYe Zixuan wanted to stand up several times and went to leave Nie to leave the door, but still resisted."I won't open the door for you, lest you bully me again"Ye Zi criedUnder the moonlight, the young girl’s cheeks are even more moving due to the faint redness.After Nie had been hesitating for a long time, he put a letter on the steps. Then he turned away and quickly swept away and disappeared into the dark night.Seeing Nie left, Ye Zixuan was a bit panicked. She stumbled. "Fool, who told you not to knock on the door?" She walked to the door, squeaked, opened the door and looked around. Looking at the figure of Nie Li, I saw a letter lying quietly on the ground in front of the door. Her heart suddenly filled with a bad feeling of foreboding. She stooped to pick up the letter and opened the letter to read it.A line of tears fell down on Ye Zi’s beautiful cheeks. Nie had left here to say goodbye to her.Who knows what kind of danger will he encounter when he goes to a distant world to practise? She wanted to say something with Nie Li. I didn't want him to go. But in the stillness of the night, where was Nie Li? Ye Zixuan understood that Nie Li went to experience a great deal of his life because he considered the safety of the city of glory as his own responsibility. But isn't there a grandfather and father in the city of glory? However, Nie Li has leftYe Zixuan clutched the letter tightly and felt a slight pain in his heart. If she knew that Nie Lie had come to say goodbye, she would not deliberately hold the door open.Nie Li, where will it go? Will he be in danger? When Xiao Lian-er received the letter, Nie Li could no longer see the person. She put the letter on her chest. She had too many words and wanted to talk to Nie, but only thoughts were missed. With Nie left to leave“I will wait for you to come back!” Xiao Ning'er stared into the distance. “The City of Light is not only a guardian for you. We can!” The girl’s hair is flying in the wind. Her mind is deeply Buried in the bottom of my heart, look determined, want to become stronger, more hot“Nie is too insane to mean this kid. He actually said to go and not to take us!” The land grabbed his fists. If Nie had left, he would surely rush to get Nie away from violence. "When he comes back, I must beat him!" "We went to Nie Li, but it was just a burden!" Duze shook his head and he knew why Nie Li was doing this."We're good to have a level of repair with him!""It really is a level of cultivation, but what about strength?" Duze said with a wry smile. "All of us add up and we can't beat him, and he has a demon spirit. Even if he is in danger, he can come and go freely.And we can only drag him"" Then what do we do next? "Lumpy laughter"Driving hard"Dazeh was firmly grounded." At least as soon as Nie is back, we can still work with him at the same level of repair.Nie from each promotion level, the difficulty is more than ten times that of ours. If our cultivation speed can't keep up, then it's not as good as killing one! "" Duan Jian, how about you? Did Nie left a letter for you? "Liao Piao looked to the side of the sword and asked, Duan Jian has a black gold-class strength and a legendary body. Why does Nie Yi not even bring the sword?" The host said that where he was going, even me It was a dead end to go, so let me stay, or experience in some places near the City of Glory"Duan Jian said, he stared into the distance, did not know where to go from Nie, although Nie left to say so, but Duan Jian has absolute confidence, Nie Li will be able to return safely."Hearing Duan Jian's words, the people looked slightly changed. Duan Jian had a legendary flesh. The general creature couldn't get rid of Duan Jian. That place went straight to the sword and it was a dead end. Where does Nie left go? Everyone can not help but worry about itHowever, after thinking about it, since Nie Li has said so, he must have absolute certainty to go. Nie never does anything unsure.At the time of leaving, Nie Yichuan passed a piece of heart-to-heart argument to Duan Jian. Duan Jian looked far into the distance. During this time Nie left, he will continue to promote himself and become Nie Li’s left arm and right arm.(To be continuedIf you like this work, you are welcome to () vote for the recommendation, monthly pass, your support is my biggest motivation.Mobile phone users please read m.)