One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel readingNext to Ye Zixuan, a tall, handsome boy was sitting. From time to time, he looked at Ye Zixuan. He noticed Ye Zixuan's look and looked over at Nie from this side. He glanced at Nie at a glance.His body is slightly taller than Nie Li, and his eyes are thick and wide-eyed.Nie Li certainly knows this man. His name is Shen Yue. He is the son of the sacred family of the three great families. He is very talented. Shen Xiu on the stage is his aunt.Shen Yue’s past life has always been the pursuer of Ye Zixuan. It is said that before the Shining City was attacked, Shen Yue and Ye Zixuan would be engaged soon. In terms of the family life, they were regarded as the perfect match.If the City of Glory was not compromised, they would definitely get married. However, they had not had time to hold an engagement ceremony. The City of Light was attacked by the blizzard and beast. On the eve of the city, the Holy Family betrayed the City of Glory and abandoned it. City escapePerhaps this is the wonder of fate. Ye Zixuan of the past life did not become the wife of Shen Yue, but he did have a husband and wife with Nie Li.At this thought, Nie Li couldn't help but smiled, and when he saw the eyes of Ye Zixuan and Shen Yue, Nie could not help but have some headaches. Now Ye Zixuan still feels a bit gracious about Shen Yue, and Ye Zixuan looks at his gaze. Nie Li saw a bit of disdainYe Zixuan must have treated him as an unaccustomed deaf child! Looking at Ye Zixuan's look, Nie felt a lingering sensation of breath, and that familiar face let Nie thought of all his past lives. He could not help but feel a slight sour nose. He looked deeply at Ye Zichao, showing a hint of a smile, thanks to the spirit of time and space. Book, let us meet again"weirdo"Ze Ziyi's inner secret passage, she felt some strangeness in Nie Li's eyes. The deep pupil was just like the starry stars. It revealed a touch of sadness. Ye Zixuan's heart was full of doubts. Did she know Nie Li? Why did Nie Li use this gaze?" Look at her? Ye Ziyan's eyebrow daggers and fangs and lips are like a quietly blooming lotus. There is a kind of quiet and lovely temperament that cannot be said. It's no wonder that so many boys are fascinated by it.At this time, Shen Xiu’s eyes on the stage sternly swept through Nie Li. The 13-year-old children couldn’t escape her eyes with any hint of action. To realize that she was a silver spirit, she had already reached The realm of heart and body, six well-informedHer eyes are extremely sensitive, and even a fleeing rat can be seen in a few hundred meters.Ye Zizhen is a noble woman. She is the granddaughter of the landlord, the legendary demon psychic teacher Ye Mo, and has already condensed the blue soul sea. It is an extremely rare genius! Only a few people in Shenglan College knew the identity of Ye Zixuan. If Shen Yue could find Ye Zixun as his wife, she would greatly strengthen the right of the Holy Family to speak in the City of Glory. This is why Shen Yue will be in this primary class of the military. Why show is coached in this classShen Xiu returned to human form, held her hands to her chest and slapped the students below. She said lightly: “In the next two years, you are all my students, although the dean said that all the students of Shenglan College are equal. , but I have to tell you a cruel reality. In this world, there is no such thing as equality!" The slightly sharp voice of Shen Xiu is like a sharp knife and it is heavily placed on the hearts of all students.All the students under the desk listened silently and no one spoke"When you grow up and you leave Shenglan College, you will agree with what I say.Equality is nothing more than an adult comforting your lie. You can't live in a fairy tale forever! “Shen Xiuju looked down on all the trainees. “The City of Light is the only city that has survived the Dark Ages. We are the only human beings. There are two kinds of powerful existence in the City of Lights. That is the Warrior and Spiritual Master.[Love to the novel network.] The demon psychic master is the most noble existence. Among the thousands or even tens of thousands of martial artists, it is possible to create a powerful demon psychic teacher. Nowadays, there are only thousands of demon in the whole shining city. Spirit Master, we are guardians of the City of Light! ""The warrior and the demon spirit division are divided into bronze, silver, gold, black gold and legendary levels. The higher the level, the stronger the strength."A golden demon psychiatrist was born in the family to become a noble family and a black demon psychic was born before he could become a family of nobles. He was born with more than three black gold deities and even a legendary demon psychic in order to become a top-family player.You 36 people, there are civilian children, there are family children, although your start is the same, but your status is not the same, I hope that you all have to know oneself, behavior should have! Civilians are always civilians. It is basically impossible for you to become a nobleman, so don’t be tempted to fly to the top of the phoenix.Even among nobles, there is a strict hierarchy that cannot be exceeded! "Under the eyes of Shen Xiu-ling, the students in some of the simple clothes in the class faced an uncomfortable look and embarrassedly bowed their heads. However, the family of Shen Yue and other family members stood upright and showed a proud smile."Only Nie Li, Ye Zixuan, Lu Piao and a few other family members are calm.Nie Lizhao looked next to him. The clothes were a little worn, and Duzi, with a thin figure, held his fist tightly and his teeth clenched on his lips.Duze is a child of the civilian population and his family is very difficultBut Nie Li knew that Duzer’s self-esteem was very strong! Although his family is not good, but the past life Duze is very hard, his talent is good, with his own strength, has become a gold spirit masterWithout the huge resources of the family, there is no great talent. With his own efforts, he has climbed to such a level and he can imagine how much effort he has made! On the eve of the glory of the glorious city of the past, many nobles are thinking about how to escape from the glorious city, but these are the children of Duze. They fight for the glorious city until the end, until the end of the war.Duze is a friend of Nie Li and he is also his most respected friend! After seeing Shen Xiu’s disdainful look, Nie couldn't help but have an irritated inner anger. On the eve of the glorious era of the glorious city, the first one to escape was the sacred family. Therefore, Nie Li felt no preference for all the sacred people. Shen Yue or Shen Xiu, not a good thingPast life Shen Xiu is very harsh, but also make her look very unhappy"Shen Xiu tutor, I have a problem!" said Nie Li suddenly saidAll the students listened silently. Nie suddenly interrupted at this time, making Shen Xiu very unhappy. Shen Xi saw that Nie Li was the student of the bright purple leaves. She just said that it was to beat Nie Li. When she thought that Nie actually hit her on the gun, she asked coldly, "What's the problem?" "Shen Xiuyan said that the city of glory is the only city that has survived the Dark Ages. We are the only humans left. Is there a basis for this argument? May I ask Shen Xiuyin, who has visited the ancestral ancestral mountains, has gone through endless deserts and poisonous forests, has been to the Blood Moon Swamp, the Gulf of the Holy Spirit, and has visited the Tianze Mountains and the Tianbei Snowfield?” as a The rebirth, knowledge of Nie Li can completely despise Shen Xiu"What the Tianze Mountains? Tianbei Snowfield?" Shen Xiu wrinkled his brow, endless desert, poisonous forest, Shenyue bloody marshes have heard, those places are very far away from the ancestral ancestral mountains, only spread in the legend of In the middle, Shen Xiuqing snorted. "I haven't visited any of these places. I was born in a shining city and I haven't been to those places."Nie laughed a faint smile:" Since Shen Xiu tutor has not been to those places, how so sure, we are the only human? "Shen Xiu can not help but stopThe students in the class talked softly and they didn’t know what Nie Li’s place was like.Sitting in the distance, Ye Ziyan's eyelids flashed a glimpse of the different colors and looked at her with a strange look. Nie Li was very curious. How did Nie Li know this?Sitting next to Ye Zixuan, Shen Yue wrinkled his brow. He glanced at Nie Li’s face, and Nie had a clear, cheeky silhouette. He was quite handsome. He was not inferior to him, and he did not know why. His heart had a hint. Sense of crisisAfter seeing the following participants talking about it, Shen Xiu’s face was very ugly and he snorted: “What is it then, then what proof do you have to prove that we are not only human beings?” “Evidence?” Nie smiled coldly, his past life’s Experience is evidence. The wisdom of mankind is very astonishing. Despite experiencing a terrible dark age, many humans have survived and established many immortal cities. However, these people will not say anything but calmly: “I Tell a story to Shen XiulianA frog was born in a deep well. Since it was born, it can only see the sky at the wellhead, so it says that the sky is only as big as the wellhead, but is the sky really only as large as the wellhead? We say that the frog is sitting on the sky! "After hearing Nie Li's words, some of the students in the class could not help but laugh out loud. They felt that Nie Li said very well. The idiom of "seeing the sky from the well" is not the same frog as Shen Shenxiu's mentor. " Sit and watch the sky and describe it as apt! "Some girls said with a smile, they also hate Shen Xiu, can not help but look at Nie Yi admiration, I am afraid that only Nie Li, dare to point in the classroom mulberry to the instructor"You..." Shen Xiu clamored with Nie Li. He was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood. Nie actually compared her to a frog who was sitting on the sky. She has never encountered such an arrogant student! In the distance Ye Zixuan could not help but chuckle loudly. She found that Nie was a bit funny, and her eloquence was very good. He actually said that Shen Xiu’s words were speechless.Ye Ziyan is born with beautiful quality and her smile is bright and moving.Nie Yichao Ye Ziyan squeezed her eyes and smiled.Seeing Nie Li's expression, Ye Zixuan quickly turned his head and whispered in his heart. Nie Li was bold! In her heart, Nie still remains a bad student! Seeing that Nie Li not only married Shen Xiu’s tutor, but also mobbed Ye Zixuan. Next to the land, he could not help but erect a thumbs up. This guy was forced to explode.Nie Li looked to Shen Xiu and continued: “Shen Xiu’s instructor, I still have some questions!” Shen Xiu was so angry that he could not die. He was not good at attacking but he had no good manners: “What else do you have?” “Shen Xiu’s tutor said that civilians are always civilians. It is impossible for them to become aristocrats. I have a little doubt. Isn't it a civilian when the legendary spirit teacher Ye Mo is young?” Nie Li blinked. Looking at Shen Xiu, "Doesn't Shen Shen Tutor know about this thing?" Mobile phone users should read w to read a better reading experience.