Holy Scriptures is unique to the family of Saints, and has the effect of increasing soul power. The effect is stronger depending on the vintage.A five-year-old St. John Worth worth 50,000 magic coins, ten or twenty years, it is even more expensive to several times or even tens of times"We listened to Chen Shao's!" "Yeah, we listen to you!" Chen Linjian looked around and counted the number: "A total of 20 people, but also to find more people!" The most recent time, from the glorious A town site was found not far from the city. It was probably before the Dark Age. Many people came to explore.So Chen Linjian also wanted to find someone to go with him and he was convening a horse.Duze, Lu Piao, and others looked at the distance"If there is a holy mound, Duze will definitely be able to break into the bronze one star!" Lu Pang murmured, but the holy grass this kind of thing, not what they can affordIf you have money, you can buy a lot of precious herbs or medicines to help you practice! Nie Li is not concerned about money. What he thinks of is another thing. The relics outside the glorious city of the past have been explored by many strong people but nothing has been discovered. I did not expect to be discovered later by Chen Linjian and others. At the end of the tunnel, eventually discovered a huge treasureI heard about that time, Ye Zixuan also participated in. Nie Li listened to Ye Zixuan and talked about the details of the whole thing.In the incident, Shen Yue found a spiritual lamp that auctioned a million demon coins.Just a million demon money is not worthy of Nie Lie. Nie Li knows the magical effect of the lamp. If you get the lamp, it will be very helpful for future cultivation.If you have a spiritual lamp, you must get it! Nie Li stood up and walked over to Chen Linjian.“I want to join your team. Don't you know if Chen Shao is willing to?” Nie Li looked directly at Chen Linjian. There was a surge of memories. Chen Linjian was very good among the children of many families and his past life was only one step to the realm of the black gold demon psychic.He is not good or bad for people. Nie Li does not understand very well. In the last battle of the City of Glory, when Chen Linjian knew that the sacred family had fought and the West was broken, he smitten the disciples of the six sacred families in an angry manner.Be a clear-cut person! Chen Lin looked up and looked at Nie Li. He said without hesitation: "What are you? What do we want to do?" Those people around Chen Linjian looked to Nie, showing a touch of irony."Boy, have you reached the bronze level? Don't join it here if you don't have it.“Nie Li turned a blind eye to the sarcasm of those people next to him. I said, “Of course I know what you are going to do. Are you ready to explore the remains of the city of Quran? “Chen Linjian showed a slight hint of color. How did Nie Li know that he was going to explore the ruins of the city of Quran? This matter has always been a secret. They did not tell anyone if they were known by their family. , it will definitely be blocked"Who are you?" Chen Linjian slightly opened his eyes and flashed a dangerous light“Nie Li?” Chen Linjian suddenly thought of it. Nie Li was very up-to-date in the recent period of time and was said to have cut the face of the sacred family. Chen Linjian is also very shameless when she tells the story of the sacred family who intercepted the Ming dynasty. "I heard that you read various books?" "Yes, but I found everything in this library."Nie Li slightly bowed, showing a strong self-confidence“Haha, great tone!” “If Mao didn’t grow up, he dared to say that he had read all the books in the library. It was ridiculous. Even if you started from your womb, you couldn’t read so many books."Several people besides mocking Nie LiNie was a bit of a sensible person. Chen Lin did not question Nie Li and tapped the table gently with his fingers. "Since you have read so many books, do you know what era of the ruins of the city?" According to some clues, most of the buildings in the city of Golan are mainly dome-shaped buildings. The scope of the entire city pool is also square. This kind of building has two times that match each other. One is the period of Fenghuang Empire and the other is the Holy Empire. In the period, but in the style of the evolution of the mural, I had heard that someone discovered a giant lotus mural in the city of Quran. The lotus mural was popular in the later period of the Holy Empire. Therefore, it is basically determined that this is the site of the remains of the Old City. The era should be the period from the late period of the Holy Empire to the Dark Age...” Nie Li’s speech is not unimpressive, analyzing the history of the ancient city of Golan.Listening to Nie Li’s words, a team of Chen Linjian’s men took a look at me and I took a look at you. They knew little, though unknown, but they“Good!” Chen Linjian suddenly got up and did not expect Nie to easily determine the age of the city of Golan. This knowledge may seem simple, but some scholars who study ancient history in the City of Glory may not be able to have such sophisticated research. Looking at Nie Li, he revealed a glimpse of appreciation. “After me, I will provide you with the resources for cultivation and learning. How are you?” Chen Linjian’s men are a little surprised. I didn’t expect that Chen Linjian actually values ​​Nie LiChen Linjian's younger brother? Nie smiled lightly and said, “This time, we all need each other. I believe no one knows the architectural structure of the city of Golan better than I do. If I get the treasure, I will choose one. The others will be yours. No, then I can only go by myself"" First, what do you count? "" Even the bronze level has not been reached, but also dared to bargain with us less than Chen? "Lin Linjian looked at Nie Li. The kind of strong self-confidence that Nie revealed from his body made him puzzled. Even Nie hadn't even reached the bronze. How confident did the body come from?" I will definitely gain something this time! "Nie left proudly, he clearly knows exactly where the treasures of the city of Golan are, so it is so determined."Chen Linjian has a treasure map of the city of Golan. However, the treasure map is incomplete. He is silent for a moment. Is there a complete Tibetan map that cannot be completed? "Okay, let's just say it! I'm still saying that if you are willing to follow me, I will absolutely miss your benefits. If you don't, I believe we should also have the opportunity to cooperate.Chen Linjian proudly smiledChen Linjian's men were surprised. Chen Shao actually agreed? "I hope we can cooperate happilyNie Li said calmly and turned to leave"Three days later, at six o'clock in the morning, or here, it's still alive!" Chen Linjian looked at the back of Nie away and turned away, showing some funny smile. Nie was still a little interested in this person.“Would you like to explore the ruins of the city of Quran? It seems that there are many things that need to be prepared.Nie murmured, he was ready to go because he had not reached the level of bronze to go to the ruins of the city of Quran, it was still quite dangerous.Time goes by slowly until the afternoonGlorious City Association of AlchemistsThe director of the Association of Alchemists is a woman named Yang Xin. Although she is only 25 years old, she has achieved remarkable success at a young age.Yang Xin is a gold demon psychiatrist, and the revision is not a great achievement. However, her achievements in the field of stimulating medicine are not comparable to some of the oldest members of the Alchemist Association.Since Yang Xin was beautiful and when he first started as a member of the Alchemists Association, people in the Association of Alchemists thought that Yang Xin was on the back door through appearance. However, as Yang Xin slowly exposed talents and talents, those gossiping people. Gradually shut upAs usual, Yang Xin collected letters from the Alchemists Association letterbox. Many alchemists would write their alchemy notes in letters, and the Alchemists Association would compile these alchemists’ stories and send them to each alchemist. divisionAs the alchemy of the alchemy was lost in ancient times, alchemists were very important, but due to the limited effects of the immunization they produced, the alchemists became an awkward career in the city of glory.Yang Xin Yu Yuzhi disassembled the letter. Some letters actually expressed love to her and she was thrown aside without hesitation. Very quickly, one of the articles caught her attention.“On the application of alkaloids in the alchemy?” Yang Xin frowned slightly, her delicate face, revealing some doubtsWhat is the role of purple grass in addition to smoke and insect repellent? Yang Xin continued to look down and wrote densely the role of the purple yarrow. When the system was used to refine the soul and protect the spirit, he added some yarrow to increase the effectiveness of the three groups. Purple grass combined with five other common herbal baths to nourish soul power, etc.There are more than sixty kinds of functions, of which nearly half are extremely valuable. If one by one is verified, the price of the purple yarrow will be skyrocketing by several times! Yang Xin sneered and said: “I would like to use my hand to hype the price of purple grass. Then you have to come up with real materials! This person must be a liar!” Yang Xin threw the article to the side. She did not believe that the ordinary C. purpurea could have so much effect! While watching the other articles, Yang Xin was a little hesitant. If the purple yarrow has so much effect, it will be very influential to the development of the alchemy division."Forget it, I'll give it a try! Come on, give me some cichlid grass!" Yang Xin shouted, there is also a lot of herbs in the association of alchemists. It should be able to find some cichlids.Soon, the following people took some purpurea"Yang Zhishi, we have little inventory of purple grass, only three catties."Yang Xin frowned slightly. In the last few days, the fact that herstery was acquired by a large number of people was a member of the Association of Alchemists. How could she not know?“Yeah, I know!” Yang Xin nodded and began to use Polygonaceae to refine and assemble the spirits of Dan, Yang Dan.The formulas of Poly-Soul and Yang-Ning-Gang are inherited hundreds of years ago by the City of Glory. No one has dared to change the recipe of Poly-Soul and Yang-Ning-Gan without authorization. Once you fail, once you fail, you are very distressed to the ordinary alchemist. Who dares to add other things indiscriminately? ~~ Many readers watch demon gods in other places. Snails don't care whether people read piracy, but hope that everyone can add a click to a demon god, a recommendation, and with everyone's support, the demon god can go further.Please support us! !