Nie Li is full of curiosity about the goddess of the flame goddess. If she can analyze the composition of the goddess of the flame goddess, she will definitely benefit her cultivation.∷, "The flamenco goddess has lived for so many years. In this regard, it must have been opened.“Nie’s micro-movement in the middle of the centrifuge makes it hard to suppress the thoughtsAt this time, above the Black Fountain, the feathered goddess slightly wrinkled her brow. Although her consciousness drifted over the water in the pool, she could see everything that happened in the water.As the spiritual deity of fire, she has always been a superior being. Even mortals are afraid to look up at her. However, the gods did not agglomerate, and Nie had nothing to do with her.When she saw Nie Li raising her hand, she could not help but frown her face. What did Nie left want to do? Even if Nie Li stretches out her hand to play with her god, she is completely unresistent.If it is an ordinary person, even if it is a legendary strong person, the feather flame goddess merely displays a glorious miracle, it is enough to shock it, but her divinity does not know why, completely useless to Nie Li.She can only watch as she watches her body constantly“What kind of structure is this godhead?” Nie thought in secret, reached out slowly and touched the red light ball, felt the changes inside, and wanted to analyze the structure of the godhead.“Is the goddess of this flame goddess the same as human flesh?” Nie Li thought for a moment and touched it with his fingertips. A soft touch came from the fingertips. The smooth and delicate skin was normal to humans. No twoActually exactly the same as ordinary human flesh? Nie was curious about Centaur. It's amazing that this is a godhead.The plume goddess, who was closing her eyes to the water in the pool, suddenly opened her eyes when Nie Li touched her god.The soul is slightly tremblingFor tens of thousands of years, she was the goddess admired by the strong Terran people. Nie actually touched her god, and she was too relaxed! She did not expect that Nie was able to penetrate the protection of law and reach out to touch her body.If Nie Lizhen had any bad feelings and swallowed her godhead, she would completely end it.However, Nie Li is just a fourteen-year-old child, a little curious and normal.When Nie Li touched her goddess, she suddenly felt that a mysterious and intense electric current rushed through her body.This force is even stronger than the laws she has been familiar with.Also want to know how powerful! If the flamed goddess is thoughtful, is it possible to have a higher level of strength? In this world, the level of power is even higher than their spiritual gods. I am afraid that only the legendary one is the master of creation.Is it the descendant of the Creator? The flames stare at Nie Li and Nie Li from her body. She is still a bit angry.If it wasn’t Nie’s faceDid not reveal a wretched look, but condensate eyebrows closed eyes thinking about whatShe may not be able to bear it.Nie closed his eyesFingers crossed the body of the plume and felt the structure of the plume. It seemed to understand what it was.“No wonder that the boundaries, people who haven’t encountered the power of cultivation rulesAlthough the power of the cultivation principle can also break through the legend and reach the destiny level, it is only elementary and wants to reach a higher level.It's simply not enough to apply the power of cultivation."Nie left thinking thoughtfully." But the power of law also contains mysterious places. If we can combine the cultivation methods of Heaven's power, there may be a new breakthrough! “Nie left himself secretly thinking:” And the power of the law can now practice, a level higher than the soul power.Can greatly enhance their own strength, but if the power of heaven, you have to break through the legendary realm before you start practicing."Think of this, Nie Jungchi had an idea to first convert all the soul power in the body into the power of law! Nie once again entered a state of ecstasy."Watching Nie away from self-cultivation, the goddess of flames was immersed in meditation. She totally couldn't guess if Nie was thinking about something. He always felt that Nie was a very mysterious person.Nie left with contemplation. Suddenly, his eyes were slightly brightened.I don't know how to thank herAlthough the tactile sensation and the skin are exactly the same as humans, Nie Li feels keenly that the composition of the plume is very different from that of humans.Just touching the smooth back of the plume, the contact time is very short, but also just got a glimpse of the esoteric meaning of the power of the rule, but with the knowledge of past lives, Nie Li thought of a goddess of the flame to regain the physical The method can also greatly accelerate the condensing speed of the deityNie gradually emerged from the water, then jumped out of the water and quickly put on clothes."Goddess sister, how is your face dark?" Nie Liyan opened his eyes and looked at the plume."It's nothing"Looking at Nie's innocent look, Yu Yan took a deep breath and calmed down his feelings. Although she was a goddess who had lived for tens of thousands of years, she continued to practice and feel her every day. The rules between heaven and earth are much more simple than those of many people.Although Nie touched her god, she did not want to pursue it.Nie Cuiyi reads a move, and her heart is a bit understandable. The goddess of plume is estimated to be depressed for what she touched on her.However, if she does not touch her goddess, Nie Li cannot analyze the structure of her gods. Anyway, Nie Li does not have any ambiguous heart."Goddess sister, I think of a method, maybe you can help you reshape the body, leave the black fountain, you want to try it?" Nie looked away from the plume, said very seriously“A child actually said that it can help me reshape the body"Yanyan smiled and looked like a look of disbelief. Even if Nie Lizhen may have a very noble lineage, how difficult it is to reshape the body is not something ordinary people can do.""I really canNie Li repeated again and again seriously"Don't go out of your mind here and hurry up!" said Yu Yan.Yu Yan does not believe, Nie Li is very helpless, it can only be considered, later to see if you can let Yan Yan believe it"The strength of your flesh, because the time for soaking is very long, the speed of enhancement is very fast. It may even be possible within three months. It will be hardened into the flesh of the legendary realm, a little faster than I thought.That being the case, then you quickly seize the time, to force the law! "Yanyan thought about it for a minute. After all, there was not much time. If Nie Li could sense the power of the law, even if only a little bit, then there would be a direction of cultivation. Within a hundred years, maybe he could break the legend and master the rules.""Well, well, how can we force the law?" Nie Li inquired, although he had some understanding of the esoteric meaning of the law, he was still an outsider in the cultivation of the power of law."I don't know what kind of rule you are better fitting. You first try to sense the power of light!" Yu Yan thought for a moment. The power of light is second only to the power of chaos, and it is more than the power of darkness. To be stronger and easier to sense"Ok"Nie nodded, and sat down on the boulder raised beside the pool and closed his eyes.""With my guidance, the process of your ability to sense the laws will be much faster than the average person. You are now learning to put your thoughts out of the air."Yan Yan patiently taught Nie LiNie closed her eyes and slowly drained her thoughts."The power of law exists in everything in heaven and earth. They are a very mysterious existence. You must feel it with your heart.Now you have to imagine that you are in a dark place and you don’t see your fingers, everything is silent, there is a little bit of light in the endless darkness, it makes you feel the slightest warmth...” The sound of flame is as smooth as a lullabyAccording to Yu Yan's instructions, Nie Li imagined himself in such a darkness. His mind gazed forward and imagined a trace of white light.“The power of the law of induction is a very difficult process. It takes decades to empty yourself and let your inner world become pure and pure. The power of the law will feel your sincere heart. Accept you!” Yu Yan said leisurelyly. Her memory seemed to drift far away. At that time she was a little girl with a small whip. Her parents taught her how to feel the power of the law. For tens of thousands of years, parents have become old. Even the looks of their parents are difficult to remember.The time of the baptism of time, so that those memories that have been beautiful disappearedLooking at Nie Li's sitting on the stone, Yu Yan faintly laughs. Nie Li does not know when he will be able to sense the faint light of the law of light. Maybe for a few months, maybe a few years, it may be even more likely. Long"Induction of the slightest white light, give me warm ..." Nie Li according to Yu Yan's statement, patiently feel, he felt himself in the endless darkness, in that darkness, a glimmer of light 噗The sound of a bang is like a flameA warm feeling filled the bodyIs this the power of the law of light? Nie Li secretly thought that he continued to feel his presence with great concentration. He saw that the white light spot gathered more and more, became brighter and hotter, and Nie Li fell into a circle surrounded by the sun. in“Ah!” Nie Li screamed and suddenly opened his eyes. He was simply hot and hot. His body was hot like a fire and he quickly jumped into the black fountain.After the water from the Black Fountain came into contact with Nie, it quickly evaporated into a piece of smoke."What's the matter?" Yu Yan also thought that he could quietly continue to practice the power of the rule for a long time. Didn't expect this to happen for a while. Nie Li suddenly looked like he was crazy and shouted loudly. Jumped into the black fountain(To be continued)read3();read4();