After two hours of refining, the final results made Yang Xin frightenedWith the addition of Polygonatum sinensis and Eucalyptus, the efficacy has indeed improved by more than 30%, and the success rate of alchemy is also 50% higher than usual.This research result is of great significance to alchemists! The reason why Poly Soul Dan and Yang Ning Dan cannot be widely promoted is that the success rate of alchemy is too low, the effect is not enough, and the price/performance ratio is not high. Now the success rate of alchemy is greatly improved, and the effectiveness is also improved. It can be greatly promotedAlthough the purple grass of the city of glory is now acquired completely, the ripening period of purple grass is three years. After three years, large quantities of purple grass have been planted, which is of great significance to the entire city of glory.The City of Glory is under the threat of Wicked Animals. The mass production of Poly-Spirit Dan and Yang Ling Dan can greatly increase the power of the City of Glory."Although you know that you want to make a fortune, but look at your contribution to the city of glory and the Association of Alchemists, this money will let you earn it!" Yang Xin's face showed a cheerful look, she You know, this article is definitely sent out by those who bought the purple grass.The second role of purple grass, compatibility with the other five common herbs, bath nourish the soul? Yang Xin thought for a moment and closed the door. According to the method described in the article, he mixed a variety of herbs, poured hot water into the casks, eased the silk skirt on his body, and exposed the bright and moving body. Her body is hot, her two peaks are proud, full of mature charm, she slowly stepped her feet into the barrel.The medicinal effects of those herbs penetrated into the body. Yang Xin's skin glowed red, smooth and delicate, and her soul power was also given a hint of nourishment."The effect is very obvious!" Yang Xin was shocked. She completely did not think that this ordinary purple yarrow, actually has such a big magical effect, before each household burned a lot of purple grass! Yang Xin feels distressed when she thinks! After soaking for more than one hour, until the absorption of the medicine in the casks was completed, Yang Xin stood up, wiped the body's water droplets, put on clothes and walked out of it.“Yang Lishi, what's the matter with you? It suddenly seems like a lot of young people!” The men of the Alchemists Association’s eyes fell on Yang Xin’s body and it was difficult to remove them.Yang Xin's skin is red, smooth, moist, and beautiful.In addition to nourishing soul power, the combination of purple yarrow and herbal medicine can nourish skin and beauty. Yang Xin secretly happy that no woman is not happy for her beautyHowever, unfortunately, three pounds of purple cilantro were soon used up.Yang Xin quickly compiled these magical functions of C. purpurea into volumes, then sent a copy to each alchemist, and noted that the first and second effects of C. purpurea were verified by her. Efficacy, as for other effects, there is currently no verification that there is not enough C. purpurea.Althea actually has such a large effect, the entire Alchemists Association has been boiling, alchemists are madly everywhere to collect purple alfalfa, some residents of the family's home reserves of alfalfa have also been searched thoroughly, began to verify the purple grass These effectsMore than sixty kinds of functions, one by one, no missing one! This news triggered a great sensation in the world of alchemyIn the instant, the price of the purple grass began to soar, because the economic value of the purple grass is too great, and there is no purple grass on the market now.The price of purple grass is a few kilograms from a demon spirit coin, rose to a few pounds of demon spirit coin, but also continued to rise to ten demon spirit coin a pound, the price of crazy up a hundred timesSome aristocrats even bought hundreds of thousands of demon spirits a pound of purple yarrow, purple yarrow grass nourish the skin, the effect of beauty so that those ladies are crazyAfter all, Yang Xin is a living example! They don’t want their husbands to be taken away by those squished women outside! Various pastoral nurseries rushed to plant purple yarrow, but in three years, the purple grass of the City of Glory will be in a state of extreme shortage.Xiao Ning'er is cultivating the exercises that Nie left for her. The servants hurried in and came in."Mad crazyMiss, good news! ""what news? Xiao Ning asked questioninglyA maid was panting and gasping: "Miss, did you not ask us to buy a lot of yarrow? Now the purple yarrow has risen to dozens or even a hundred pounds, and it is said that there is a sacred family. The price of one hundred pounds of the three hundred demon spirits was deducted, and 100 pounds of purple yarrow were purchased!” Xiao Ning's child was astonished. She immediately thought and understood that these things must have been done by Nie, except Nie Li. Who can have this kind of skill? When she thinks of Nie Li, she can't help but flush her cheeks. At this time, in her heart, the figure is lingering.The price of purple grass, soaring to such an alarming degree, Duze and Lu Piao are stupid, because Nie Li's hands, but with hundreds of thousands of pounds of purple grass! Even if an average of a few pounds of magic money can be sold for a pound, it is almost 10 million demon soul money ah, not to mention some family nobles have opened the price to hundreds or even hundreds of demon soul money, this is how much money? This number is dizzying! In the short period of time, Nie Li gathered a wealth equivalent to an ordinary noble family for decades to accumulate! With so much magic money, they have a very, very much more cultivation resources! Nie smiled faintly. This was just the beginning of his plan! Nie Li visited several pharmacies and slowly began shipping. In order to sell 300,000 kilos of purple yarrow at a price of 300 demon spirits, he could purchase purple yarrow at this price, most of them nobles. Especially noble women are mostly[Love to the novel network.] This is a child, Nie will be credited to the full amount of more than three million phantom moneyBut then, it should not be able to sell at such a high price. After all, market digestion is limited. Nie Li prepares to slowly lower the price and sell it little by little."This is yours!" Nie Li throws it to Duze, Lu Piao and others.An excellent poly-spirited Dan or acclaimed spiritual panacea, the price can be sold to more than 6,000 demon coins! Six people, each made 10, that is more than 300,000 phantom coins! Even some noble children, dare not be so extravagant! When it was known that each of these drugs was worth more than 6,000 ghost coins, Daze, Lu Geng, and others couldn’t help but tremble.“Come on, go to practice, and one person at night to take a bath of aster flowers to nourish the soul!” Nie Li smiled a bit, earning such a sum, as long as they do not buy valuable war soldiers and armor, they will soon There is no shortage of moneyNie sat down from the plate and swallowed a poly soul. He felt a hot stream slowly rising from the abdomen and slowly poured into the sea of ​​souls. The soul sea continued to grow.A stock of soul power surged in the sea of ​​souls. Although it was in a cloud of disarray, Nie Li felt that his soul had hidden something in the sea. His soul power surged wildly.Gradually, Nie Li’s body glowed with a slight blue light.The power of Poly-Soul is very strong, and the average person can absorb one-tenth, the effect is very good, but Nie from the cultivation of the God of Heaven, can absorb all the power of Poly-Spirit to the bodyNie Li feels that his soul power has risen very quickly.Absorbed a poly soul Dan, Nie Li's soul power from 32 to 51, this effect is simply amazing, then he also needs to digest the remaining five immortality! When Nie departed from practice, he only heard a thud and a blue light flashed past him. Duze first stepped them into bronze and became a bronze spirit demon singer.Three hours later, Lu Pang also advanced a bronze star.Compared to the practice of Dawing and Lu Piao, the God of Heaven is not a brave and hard-working method, but the victory is solid and the future is extraordinary."Bronze is a star, it's great!" Duze held his fist tightly. The enhancement of the cultivation made him look excited and the future was full of hope. He glanced gratefully at Nie Li. All this was given by Nie Li. of! Lu Piao is also very excited to reach a bronze star realm. When he returns to his home, there is no reason to call him again! They suddenly looked forward to the test two months later. In what time can they practice in two months? Even if Nie Li practices a little slower, it is also easy to break through the bronze one star, perhaps even achieving a higher level.Shen Yue and their people may not know how to think of them. The garbage in their eyes, Duze and Lu Pang actually reached the bronze one star before them, and it was achieved in just a few days! On the first floor of the library, Nie Li saw Ye Zixuan again. Ye Zixuan was sitting at a desk reading a book. But there was a bit of awkwardness. She wore a long white dress. The delicate face was like a beautiful angel.Nie Lixin walks toward Ye Zixi.Shen Yue and others appeared in the corner of the library. He saw this scene, his eyes were terribly cold.“Shen Yue and Boss, this boy seems to be dating Miss Ye Zixiong! Miss Ye Zixie seems to be waiting for him here!” A teenager who is wearing sixteen-year-old boy in cyan clothes.Although they are older than Shen Yue, they all listen to Shen Yue because Shen Yue is the son of a sacred family and his family is better than them. They can receive a lot of money from Shen Yue here every month.After they grow up, they will become the servants of Shen Yue's military! Three bronze one-star martial arts and three bronze two-star martial arts. As martial artists, they are the best choice for the noble spirits.Shen Yue cold groaned, angry, on the family background, on the talent, which he than Nie but away from? When he pursued Ye Zixi, Ye Zixuan ignored him, but he looked at Nie away and saw him go mad.If it is a girl of a populist family, Shen Yue only uses the point method and the other person will pick up the hand. However, Ye Zixuan has a very strong background. He is afraid to move around."Boss, do we want to beat this kid?" asked the martial arts"Ok"Shen Yue nodded. Although he had suffered a loss in his hand the last time, he still did not know how to eat." Can not be known by Ye Zixi! "Shen Yue's eyes flashed a shimmer of light and said:" It's best to let the boy suffer from internal injuries, not to let people see it, nor to let people know that it is a sacred family! "Mobile phone users please read w to read better reading experience