Readx(); Nie Li sat down in front of Ye Zixuan“Ye Ziyun, we met again.“Nie’s light smileNie Li has a calm and self-confident temperament. Other boys of the same age are far from each other, and they feel very different.However, at present, Ye Zixi does not have any special favor for Nie Li. What is more, it is only a little curious and there is also admiration from the heart.The knowledge of Nie Li was very profound. Even Xue Lan thought that Nie Li was a Master of Mingwen.Nie Li's rune she has made Xue Hao into a scroll, and it really is a silver-level Mingwen, to her psychological impact can be imagined, Nie Lien even the silver-grade Mingwen understand! “Nie Li, I verified after yesterday's return. It was really a complete ‘Emergence Snow” motif!” said Ye Zixi, looking to Nie Li.However, Nie Li’s face did not have any proud look. He only said “Oh,” and it was not worthy of showing off at all.As the arrogant woman of Feng Xue’s family, although Ye Zixuan did not usually show her, she was actually a little proud of herself, but she recalled carefully before. Even though Nie Li was brilliant, he was always very low-key in the class. Never show off anything until Shen Xiu’s speech angered him.In contrast, Ye Zixuan felt a bit embarrassed. Compared to Nie Li, she really has nothing to be proud of.At this time, Ye Zixuan began to appreciate Nie away a bit. Although he did not rise to the level of liking, Nie Li was the only one she would like to contact when she was young.This is a great improvement for Nie Li.“Nie Li, this is the crystal of the soul you let me take."Ye Ziyun took the soul crystal out"You injected the soul power into the crystal of the soul!" Nie looked away from Ye Zixuan. Ye Zixuan began his life as a woman. He naturally won't be jealous.Ye Zixuan nodded his head and injected soul power into the soul crystal. He only saw the crystal of the soul shining brightly and shining dazzling white light.After seeing Ye Zixuan's soul form, Nie Li took a cool breath. He did not expect that the talent of Ye Zixuan was even stronger than Xiao Liao’s children. It was like a group of ice crystals. There was a phoenix sleeping in it.This is the legendary ice-shaped soul formOne of several strong soul formsThe ice phoenix form does not reach the black gold level, and the cultivation speed is similar to that of the pterosaur, but entering the black gold level, the phoenix hatches, and the repair will be a thousand miles.Unfortunately, Ye Zixi did not have the opportunity to reach the black gold level and died in the past. Otherwise, Ye Zixuan may become the pillar of the glorious city."Snow and Snow Department, Ice Phoenix-shaped soul form!" Nie Li looked up and looked at Ye Zixuan. His eyelids contained a deep and exciting color. "I teach you a trick!" "Teach me the exercises What kind of exercise is it?” Ye Zixuan asked with wonder: What she is practicing is the deepest snow and snow power exercise in Fengxue's family. Is it better to have a better Gong method? Feng Xue family is the number one family in the entire city of glory, and even the family of the Holy Family and the Holy Family can not compare with each other, because the wind and snow family has a legendary demon spirit master to sit, that is, the legendary Ye Mo! The collection of wind and snow is not something that ordinary people can imagine, because Ye Mo likes to explore the continent of the Holy Spirit, explores some of the lost ancient cities in the ancestral mountains, and gets a lot of powerful exercises and then translates them.“Nine Turning Ice Phoenix!” Nie Li taught the mouth gong and Gong method to Ye Zixuan. Although Nine Ice Turtles is not the most powerful method that Ye Zixie can practice, but it is the most mysterious method, if the practice is successful They have nine lives. As long as the soul is immortal, they can be resurrected.In this world, Nie Li will never let Ye Ziyan leave himself! Ye Zixuan merely meditation on his lips a few times, and he was shocked by the power of the nine-turn ice horns. This is definitely not what the Feng Xue family can do. “Thank you, Nie Li!” Ye Zixuan sincerely thanked her, and she was a bit surprised that Nie actually taught her such a valuable exercise method to her. After all, she just met Nie Liecai.In Ye Zixuan's opinion, she and Nie Liejie had just met each other, but in Nie Li’s opinion, he had known Ye Zixi too long and long, and in his mind, Ye Zixuan was already his woman.A nine-turn ice phoenix, nothingYe Zixun operated in accordance with the practice of the nine-turn ice yo-yo, and the soul power of the soul was surging. This method is simply tailor-made for her! When Nie Li and Ye Ziyan chatted, one person came over here and it was Shen Yue.Seeing that Nie Li and Ye Zixi talked about each other very well, Ye Zixuan's beautiful and moving smile, Shen Yue could no longer resist the guilt of his heart and walked from a distance."Purple!" Shen Yue looked at Ye Ziyan and smiled"Ok"Ye Ziyun gave a brief reply, and at this time she was not half-hearted about Shen Yue.Shen Yue took a seat next to him, looked at Nie Li, and flashed a Hanman in his eyes.Three people, the atmosphere suddenly froze“Nie left, we met again"Shen Yue sneered, showing a touch of hostility“How did the lesson last time not enough?” Nie looked away leisurely, but he never looked at Shen Yue in his eyes."You..." Shen held his fist tighter, and if it wasn’t for Ye Zi’s presence, he would surely make his people sly and teach them to leave.Ye Zixuan revealed a slight look of surprise. Hearing the dialogue between Nie Li and Shen Yue, Shen Yue seemed to have suffered a loss in Nie Li's hands. She was a little curious and Shen Yue was a sacred family of the Yan family. How could it be in Nie Li? Loss of the hand actually tolerates? Shen Yue forcibly pressed down on his heart, and looked at Ye Zixuan: "My family and Ziyijia are friends. We have grown up playing with each other since childhood. We are very familiar with each other.Our elders are very much in favor of our contacts.“Shen Yue said these words, is to remind Nie Li, he and Ye Zixi are the right people, and they got the consent of their elders, what is Nie Ziyi? Also want to grab him with Ye Zixiong? Hear Shen Yue’s words, Nie Centrifuge can not help but Sneer, on the familiarity of Ye Zixuan, Shen Yue can compare him? Shen Yue looked at Ye Zixi, revealing a gentle smile: "It can be said that I and Xi Zi each other's understanding and understanding, even the other person's preferences The habits of life are known to be clear"When I heard Shen Yue's words, Ye Zixuan showed a bit of an unpleasant look. She would like to question Shen Yue. Have I been familiar with this level? Since the incidents of several classes, Ye Zixuan gradually felt a bit disgusted with Shen Yue. At least, the sacred family does not seem to be as sacred as the exterior looks.Ye Ziyan could not help but look at Nie Li, Nie will not misunderstand it“Then you talk about it, you all know something, I really want to know“Nie left the finger and tapped the table lightly. In the past life, only a little bit, Ye Zixuan married Shen Yue. He would never let this happen."Purple she likes to eat banana orchids, likes to read books, likes to look out of the window in a daze..." Shen Yue looked deeper and deeper into the leaves.Nie said with a faint smile: "In fact, she does not like to eat banana orchids, but Ye Mo adults lied to her that bananagrass can enhance the soul power, who like to see those jerky books who are fools, cicadas favorite Going out of the adventure, looking out of the window in a daze because she is longing for the outside world"After hearing Nie Li's words, Ye Zichen was struck by lightning and looked at Nie Li defiantly. How did Nie Li know this? She couldn't even think of it. One man actually knew himself so well."Nie Li took a deep breath, when he mostly wanted to walk across the continent with Ye Zixuan. However, that wish did not complete. In this life, I will help you to complete your wishes."You're talking nonsense..." Shen Yue was going to argue, seeing Ye Zixuan's expression, but he opened his mouth and said nothing."Since you know so much about the aster, Ziyun has a butterfly-shaped mark. Do you know where the imprint is?" Nie looked at Shen Yue like a smile."How do I know!"Hearing Nie Li's words, Ye Zixuan's face was suddenly flushed. How did Nie Li know that she had a butterfly-shaped birthmark? Ye Zixuan's heart felt a strange and strange feeling and stood up: “Nie Li, you are a rogue!” Ye Zi rubbed his feet and ran away with shame.Ye Ziyan back squat, a white silk dress, tight slender legs, even more movingSeeing the strange reaction of Ye Zixuan, Shen Yue's face sank. The relationship between Ye Zixuan and Nie Li was absolutely not simple. Maybe there was a shameful raping between the two people. His face was terrible: "Nie. I remember that you will give me a terrible death!” Nie looked at Shen Yue in disgrace and sneered: “Fight me, you are still far behind, if you still Not so long, I don’t mind letting you have a lesson"Nie left standing and left straight awayYe Ziyan's blush on her cheek has not receded"Nie Li, you bastard! Bastard!" Ye Zixuan stunned, how did Nie Li know that she had a butterfly-shaped birthmark on her left chest? Thought of this, Ye Zixuan seemed to knock over the five-flavored bottle. Can Nie Lie steal her bath? If Nie Pei peeked at her butterfly-shaped birthmark, wouldn't anything on her body be seen? No, I must ask this bastard! Ye Zixun's heart was extremely embarrassed. She stared outside. Why did Nie Yi understand her so well? Does Nie Li from not always peek around her? However, the large city house is guarded by a strict guard, and even if a fly can't fly in, does it? ~~ The new book is still young and needs everyone's careSeek recommendation! ! !