Ye Ziyan was upset and she took out Nie's nine-turn ice horn.The value of this exercise method is absolutely unimaginable. How can Nie Li be willing to give such a valuable exercise method to her? Annoyed and grateful, two emotions are intertwined in the heart, making it impossible to calm Ye Zixuan's mood.After a long period of time, Ye Zixuan finally pressed down the shame of his heart and devoted himself to practicing nine-ice phoenix cymbals. The heart slowly calmed down. The sea of ​​soul was like a light frost, and a clear power was working in the body.Ye Ziyan's skin is shiny and transparent. It is more beautiful than before, like a fairy of nine days.As the soul power continues to increase, the impurities in Ye Zixuan's body are excreted from the body and the body is sweating. A blue light glows like a huge Qinglian.Ye Zi stunned and opened her eyes. The beautiful pupil was as pure as a gem. The strength of this nine-turn ice frog was far beyond her imagination. She was already close to a bronze star and she practiced nine ice phoenixes. , directly broke the barrier of Jinjie and broke through to the bronze one-star level.Feeling slimy, especially uncomfortable, Ye Ziyan quickly let the maid burn water.The petals in the tub exude fragrance, and Ye Ziyun slowly took off her silk skirt, exposing the bumpy figure inside, the delicate white skin, sparkling like a jade carving, after practicing nine ice yo yo. Ye Ziyan is more beautiful and moving.Although she hasn’t reached the age of the most beautiful woman, she has also developed very well.The delicate footsteps slowly stepped into the petals, feeling the hot water saturating the body's stains. The petals left a seductive fragrance on the body. Ye Zichao could not help but get her heart and soul to fly. Her delicate jade fingers gently stroking the bright and clean. The skin, see the butterfly-like exquisite birthmark at the left chest, and my heart once again a hint of strangeThis butterfly-shaped birthmark had been born from when she was born. She slowly stroking it. Although it had not reached the age of the girl's most flowering season, the twin peaks of the girl's slightly uplift were already very moving.Did Nie had seen her birthmark in the end? Ye Zixuan feels a tremble at the tip of the heart. If Nie Lizhen really saw it, wouldn't she be looked at by Nie? At this moment, there was a sudden buzzing noise outside.“Who? Who is peeking?” Ye Zixuan hurriedly covered her chest with her hands and her face flashed with a hint of shame. Nie was away from this bastard! "Miss, it's me!" A beautiful maid came out from behind the curtain.The original is a maid Kocho, Ye Zixi secretly breathed a sigh, cheeks were slightly hot, Nie from the bronze level has not been achieved, how could we fall into the heavily guarded city main government? Is she thinking too much! How did Nie Li see her birthmark? The next day, Mi Bao XuanThis is a large shop that specializes in the selling of various armor, war soldiers and Ming scrolls. It is located a few hundred meters from the entrance of Shenglan College."Boss, I want this set of bronze anger and flames, this anger sword!" Nie Li pointed to some of the bronze armor, the bronze soldier said"This set of four rage flames is a total of four, respectively, are armor, handguards, leggings, boots, asking price of 500,000 magic money, this anger sword to 200,000 magic money, are the ultimate peak of bronze level The work is made with the scales of the Wrath of the Wrath, and the Bronze Wick does not want to break it, even the Silver Wick, and it will take a lot of effort to defeat this armor. Is this sure you want to buy it?" The boss asked Nie Wei"Of course, don't I laugh at you?" Nie left a bag and threw out a handful of bags. "There are seventy 10,000 demon cards inside."“Well, I immediately helped the young man wrap up!” The boss suddenly smiled.[Love goes to the novel network.] "I want this armor, and these scrolls of the Ming dynasty, I have all, I wrap myself, and this, this, this..." after selling a lot of purpura Nie Zi’s money in his hands is amazing, and buying these things is nothing but aNie Li does not know which super-sister is the master, and he is so generous. The sales of the day is a few months at the top of his head. The boss’s teeth are almost laughing.Nie Li bought a space ring of five or six cubic meters in size, and put these things into the space ring. As far as the angry flame suit was concerned, it was worn directly on the body.This rage flame suit is very light and can't be seen in the clothes“To go to a classroom today, return the money to Xiao Dinger!” Nie thought for a moment and walked toward the college.When I walked to the corner of Shenglan College, several people suddenly appeared in front of Nie Li."Boy, we were finally caught by you!" Shen Yue looked at Nie Li with a sneer, and followed him with six teams jokingly looking at Nie Li. His eyes were very poor.Nie Li knew that Shen Yue’s people were tracking him. He deliberately walked to such a remote place. When Shen Yue and other people blocked him, his mouth flashed a faint smile, and then I watched how I played dead. you guys! "What do you want to do?" Nie Li pretends to be a look of fear"Boy, you finally know that you are scared, huh, I already saw you bad, today is your own death! Give me a good look at him!" Shen exclaimedSix classes behind Shen Yue swarmed in. Like a hungry tiger, they rushed towards Nie."Hit, hit me hard, hit him until he can't climb up!" Shen Yue's face reveals a cruel and refreshing smile"You don't come over, I will rebel!" Nie evades while running, shouting while running soul power, "killing, sacred family to kill it!" Such a good opportunity, Nie Li will not let go of course, first try hard Sewage spilled onto the sacred familyNie Li used some secret methods of the soul. The sound was just like a thunderbolt.“Yeah, plug this boy's mouth into me and plug it up!” Hearing Nie Li’s cry, Shen Yue’s face is almost convulsive. Anyway, Nie Li’s shouts are all in the Shenglan College. Being audible is even worse than killing pigs! Shen Yue's fists with the class fell on Nie Li's body like rain. Three of the six classmates were bronze two stars and three bronze one stars. It is reasonable to say that few fists could leave Nie off and leave, but After Nie had ridiculed a few punches, nothing was done and the cry was still extremely loud, echoing back and forth between several buildings.“To kill people, the sacred family is going to kill people!” With strong penetrating power, it was almost necessary to collapse the teaching building. In a short time, the entire Shenglan College students were alarmed and many people stuck their heads out of the window. Want to see what happenedAt a glance, they saw that six people kept encircling Nie away, and the one standing behind was the sacred family of Shen Yue."Isn't that Nie from it?" "I heard that Nie had offended the sacred family!" "I heard that Nie Lie expelled the sacred family from the blasphemy of the sacred family and intercepted the plagiarism, so the sacred family was preparing to send someone to assassinate Nie Li!" “The sacred family was too dark, and actually assassinated students in Shenglan College!” “Have hurriedly reported to the dean!” Some students talked about one another. Many people who looked at Nie from the past also sympathized with Nie Li. Including some of the family's children, all of them are extremely uncomfortable with Shen Yue's practices. But here is the Holy Land College. The sacred world dares to kill people here. Nie looked at Shen Yue in front of him. He sneered at his mouth and tried to play with him. Shen Yue was tender! When he was enshrined by six people, Nie Li relied on his sensitive movements. All six of Shen Yue's boxing feet fell on Nie Li's wrath armor. Not only did he injures Nie Li, but was angered by Nie Li. Flames have a shocked hands and their hands are cracked.Nie escaped from the side and fell into the hands of Shen Yue’s several classmates, playing black and white.It is reasonable to say that the strength of Nie Li could not do any harm to these bronze-stars and bronze-star warriors, but Nie’s fists are a little weird. A punch that flutters is more painful than being hit by a stick.“Yeah, you guys are stupid, haven't you eaten?” Shen Yue growled. Under the watchful eyes of no mathematicians, Shen Yue’s face was lost, but for so long, none of his six classmates could Nie Li gave it away, and Nie Li shook more and more.Nie left to cry for help, but Nie Li shouted that the sacred family had murdered and simply poured all the sewage on the sacred family. Shen Yue was simply mad, and now he can't move back and forth."Play for me and hit it!"Shen Yue's classmates complained and complained that they were hard enough, but no matter how they slandered Nie Li, Nie Li was alive and kicking. On the contrary, they were all beaten by Nie Li.Nie away from the seemingly fluttering fists, the stamina is full, and they have a blue and a purple body."What are you doing?" A squeaky groan sounded. A sly figure quickly swept over. It was Xiao Liao'er.Xiao Ninger nursed in front of Nie and glared at Shen Yue and others. Her body was shining and she was already a bronze star demon psychic. She was holding a young moon dagger in her hand and was ready for action."Shen Yue, you are too much"The sound of another shrill sound, another slender and pretty figure, plucked from the side, it is Ye Ziyan, she glared at Shen Yue," Shen Yue, I did not think you are such a person! "" Nie Li, are you okay? Xiao Ning'er and Ye Zixuan almost looked in unison to Nie Liwen.Seeing Zi Ziyan’s concern for Nie Li, Xiao Tinger’s face was stiff and he turned to go.Ye Zixuan was also slightly awkward and turned to hold Shen Yue."Purple, you misunderstood, things are not what you think!" Shen Yue is difficult to distinguish, see Nie from the face of a touch of ridicule, he instantly understand how it happened, he was played away by Nie, he Pointing at Nie deviantly, "This boy, he intentionally brought us here, all his ghosts!" "Shen Yue, who did you fool?" Xiao Ninger was even more angry, "You're looking for excuses." Was it too idiotic?” At this time, Nie looked innocently and screamed sulkingly at Shen Yue: “I admit that I have sinned against your sacred family, but you too are too much to actually kill in school. Where do you think the Holyland Academy is? Although my family is not as good as you, but it is not your destiny. I'd like to see how far your sacred family can be overthrown! It's impossible for me to give in to your villains!” Nie left the words of the righteous words and utterly squandered Shenyue.Hearing Nie Li’s words, no matter whether it was Xiao Ning'er or Ye Zi’e, they couldn’t help but admire Nie Li. Shaw’s heart was full of admiration."I should not give in to the Holy Family!" Xiao Ninger secretly thought, she simply hated the extreme of the Holy Family! In her view, as always, the sacred family was despicable. It was only forcing her to marry Shen Fei that she could see it! For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience