A group of people walked on the street, Ye Zixuan and Nie departed behind the team“When did you know Chen Linjian?” Ye Zixun asked, looking at Nie Li from a scrutiny, as if he wanted to see Nie away."I'm not familiar with him, I talked in the library for a day.Nie Li shrugged off“Is he actually willing to let you join?” Ye Zixuan was surprised. She and Chen Linjian were considered to be in a very small time, they knew that the relationship between the two was not close, but it was still quite good, Chen Linjian this proud and conceited, very few Put your peers in your eyesOf course, Chen Linjian is not the kind of annoying person, or Ye Zixuan will be too lazy to contact him.Thinking about the mysteries of Nie Li, Ye Zixuan also understood that he did not know how Nie Li persuaded Chen Linjian. Nie Li was a very talented person. Any difficulties would be overwhelmed by Nie Li.See Ye Zixuan talking and laughing with Nie Li, and between them, they are so cute and moving. Shen Yue is just mad.In his opinion, Ye Zixi should only smile at him! Nie Li stole what was supposed to belong to him! Nie must die! Shen Yue looked hazy, and went to the wild, and Nie left to return to the glorious city.However, this matter cannot be known by outsiders, especially Ye Zixuan.Shen Yue has started brewing in the bottom of my heart how to deal with NieA group of people stepped out of the glorious city and marched on the rugged mountain path of the ancestral mountains.Just arrived at the ruins of the city of Goran, it will take five or six days, on the way to get windy, there may be encountered some Wicked attackHowever, Nie Li has a natural keenness and intuition for danger. With the experience of rebirth, even if the current repair is not even bronze, the general Wicked can not hurt him.What’s more, what they passed were some relatively safe roads.Of the 37 individuals, the strength is still good. There are six silver grades. Most of the rest are bronzes and Samsungs.Even Ye Zixuan has reached the bronze one star. Among all the people, the worst is Xie Li and Shen Yue’s cultivation.However, the news that Ye Zixie reached the bronze one star has not been announced, so nobody else knows yet.After walking for more than ten hours and crossing a rugged mountain road near the evening, the people arrived at a flat open space. Chen Linjian glanced around. These trees stood high and still hidden. He said, “Today we are the first Let's camp here!" Shen Yue came from the side and said to Ye Zixi: "Purple, let's camp together so that I can protect you""no need“Ye Zi’s face on her white face shows a bit of displeasure. She doesn’t camp with Shen Yue. Since the last incident, the image of Shen Yue in her mind has been extremely bad.Ye Zixuan chose a place to camp with several womenAlthough Nie Yi hoped to camp with Ye Zixuan, he did not like to bury himself in the same way as Shen Yue.Nie Li found a relatively remote place to camp, leaning under the shadeThe night went dark, and there was a sound of insects in the jungle.Nie had a long, far-reaching thought. He remembered all his past lives. He did not know what happened to the people in the family. Although he wanted to see his father and mother and several uncles and cousins, he still endured it.The Holyland College is a boarding school. In addition to the privileged children of the great families and giants, ordinary students will be punished if they go home secretly.And if the family knew that he was truant, he would also punish himTwo months after the test is completed, it will take a month or so to go back and reunite with my family.Before the glorious city was not shattered, Nie Li’s family was economically tense and a bit down, but the days were still at leastThinking about the scene of the destruction of the City of Lights, Nie Li clenched his fists. After a few years, the City of Lights will encounter a mad attack on the Wicked. He must become a super power, at least to the level of the black gold and even the legendary level. Only possible to help the City of Glory escape the disasterSo the time is still very pressing. He has to step up as quickly as he can in accordance with his own plan.The next thing to do is to get the lamp! Because the spiritual light is crucial to his future cultivation! Nie sat in the shade from the shade, working in the soul seaWhat seems to be hidden in the sea of ​​souls is very curious about Nie Li. There was absolutely no such feeling in the past years of cultivation. However, so far, Nie is still unable to explore the depths of the sea of ​​souls.The Sea of ​​Souls was originally empty and ethereal, without any shape. With the increase of the soul power of Nie, the sea of ​​souls glowed with faint glory, gradually forming a spherical shape.With the deepening of cultivation, the improvement of the soul power, the shape of the sea of ​​souls will undergo some changes, and the god of heaven is slowly playing a role.At this time, the glorious city Yilong familyXiao Ninger gazed quietly at the window. In the afternoon, she received a letter from Nie Li. Nie Li said that she would leave for a period of time to let her take care of herself at home and give her a prescription.After Nie Lian's two massages, he practiced a deep wind-winged pterosaur. Xiao-Ling's disease has been much better. For the time being, there is no problem.Xiao Ning'er later learned that Nie Li went out with Chen Linjian's team and went out to take risks. Ye Zixuan was also in her heart. She was inevitably a bit of hidden bitterness. Why didn't Nie Li bring her?"Miss, the owner asked you to go to the conference hall!" A servant hurried in and said in a hurry.Xiao Ning'er frowned and didn't know what was going on. She stood up and walked outside.Pterosaur Family HouseXiao Yunfeng, owner of the Pterosaur family, is sitting in front of the auditorium and has two seats next to him. He has six middle-aged people. They are Xiao Yunfeng's cousins ​​and they are all elders of the family.“Father, may I ask what is going on with me?” Xiao Ning'er slightly curled up against Xiao Yunfeng and glanced at the six elders beside him and asked."Call you, there are some things you want to ask about you"Xiao Yunfeng's face is still somewhat unhappy, Xiao Ninger understands, certainly because these uncles are uncles."Since the time when he was the owner of the Pterosaur family, three uncles have been keeping up with Xiao Yunfeng.The elders sitting beside Xiao Yi faintly laughed: "Dinger's daughter, I heard that some time ago you paid a lot of money to buy a lot of yarrow, and now the price of purple yarrow has risen hundreds of times. The grass is afraid that it is worth hundreds of millions of demon soul coins. With so many demon spirit coins, our family of pterosaurs is just around the corner. It is just around the corner. The children of Gelinger made such a big contribution to the family. It was really a lucky star of my pterosaur family. !” Hearing Xiao wing’s words, Xiao Geling immediately understood that Xiao Yi did not know where to get the news. She heard that she had bought a lot of cilantro, so she came to put pressure on her father and wanted to take away some of her purpura. grass! Of course, Xiao Yunfeng is not happy about this matter.No matter how much Xiao Chui Er bought purple cilantro, this matter has nothing to do with the family, this is the personal behavior of Xiao condensate! How to deal with purple grass, but also has nothing to do with the family! However, Shaw Wing is unrestrained and she must give an explanation to Xiao Geling.Xiao Ninger proud but standing, handsome cheeks look firm, said: "Elder Xiao wing, I spend their money to buy purple grass, this matter should not have anything to do with the family? Is it difficult for elders Xiao wing to buy medicine, armor Do you have to hand it over to the family?” “You...” Xiao Yi did not think of Xiao Ning'er, who was always gentle, but he would refute him so fiercely.What Xiao Xiao did not know was that Xiao Xinger’s image in the family had always been reluctant to accept. However, since he had been in contact with Nie, Xiao Ning'er had a subtle change in his heart. Nie Lichang made her understand A truth is that when it comes to unfair things, we must stand up and fight! Xiao Yunfeng was pleased to hear Xiao Lian's words. He looked at Xiao Yidao: "Shaw Wing, Ding Er was right. I don't think this is a tribal obligation!" Xiao Yi is still not at ease. : "This matter cannot be compared with ordinary things. Those yarrow plants, but worth hundreds of millions or even billions of demon soul coins, can greatly ease the crisis that families face. We need not be subject to the Holy Family.Xiao Yi looked at Xiao Lian'er and was very attractive. "If Dinger contributed these purple grasses to the family, she wouldn't have to marry Shen Fei! "In fact, Xiao Yi did not think so. She first deceived Xiao Linger and asked her to hand out the eucalyptus. Besides, if she was married and she didn't marry Shen Fei, they said it was not. It depends on the sacred family.The other five elders all agreed with Xiao wing’s view. If the purple grasses were placed in Xiao Lian’er’s own hands, it had nothing to do with them, but if they contributed to the family, then the whole family would benefit, even if they were two standing at ordinary times. Xiao Yunfeng's elders here also hold this positionWhen Xiao Yunfeng saw this, he took a sly look at Xiao Lian'er and sighedXiao Ninger was very wronged in his heart. Why did every family have to make sacrifices when they encountered difficulties? What did everyone else do? Fortunately, Nie Li has taken all the purple cilantro, and Xiao Ning Er immediately said: “Those purpuras were commissioned by a friend and I had already put all the cilantro before the price was raised. Handed over to him, he has already returned all the money for the acquisition of yarrow, so those purpuras have nothing to do with me!” “What?” Xiao Yi’s face immediately became ugly.Xiao Yunfeng looked at Xiao Ding'er and asked, "Do you really have something?”"Shaolin nodded and nodded, and decided to be authentic." Those purpuras are really not in my hands! Xiao wing looked gloomy, said: "What is your friend's name, what origin? "" I promised him to keep him secret! "Xiao Tinger is seriously authentic. She will never tell anyone the name of Nie Li. She has decided that even if she encounters even greater pressure, she must keep this secret for Nie.