Xiao Yi looked at Xiao Geling coldly and said: "This is not a ridiculous speech!" Xiao Yi looked at Xiao Yunfeng. This father and daughter absolutely concealed something! Xiao Ning's childbearer looked slightly and looked at Xiao Yidao: “Isn’t my uncle saying a bit too much? I swear by Xiao Geling to heaven, I said, every sentence is a fact!” Hear Xiao Lier In that case, Xiao Wing is believed to be a few points. He is still very understanding of Xiao Ning'er's character. Xiao Wing is silent for a moment: "Since that person is a friend of Gelinger's daughter, why wouldn't Gelinger's daughter go to take those purple grasses? Come back?” Xiaolinger’s face changed when he heard Xiaoyi’s words: “What does that mean when the uncle Tang says this? These purple grasses he commissioned me to buy, and I’m going to ask him to come back. Didn’t it become a small one?” "People?" "This is related to the family's interests!" Xiao wing said red face"Shaw Wing, this matter to stop it, even if we go to him, he will give it?" Xiao Yunfeng lightly glanced at Xiao wing, he naturally will not let Xiao wing so forced coulec"This matter, may not have no room for maneuvering, have to look at the other party to come!" Xiao wing slightly sneered, "If the other side has no background, we could not let him spit out the purple grass!" Then, Xiao Ninger’s emotional indignation made it difficult for the wind-winged pterosaurs in the body to suppress their movements. The soul sea kept on shaking, faintly resembling the sound of wind and thunder, and a blue sky shone into the sky, and the mighty momentum spread around.In this moment, influenced by intense emotions, Xiao Lüer’s soul power suddenly increased by several percent, and the sea of ​​soul seems to be undergoing intense transformation."What's the matter? What happened to Geling?" Xiao Yunfeng blinked openly, shockedly watching Xiao Ning'er. Xiao Ning'er had only just stepped into the bronze star. Why did he have such a powerful soul force? The soul power that was sent out made him a fascinating threat to the gold spirit master.Xiao Wing stared at Xiao Ning'er, and Xiao Ning'er did not know what practice he was doing. This soul strength is not like the demon teacher who just stepped into the bronze one star.Xiao Lier's body overflowed with overflowing, a strand of soul power is wrapped around like a ribbon, the bright white light will wear Xiao Xie'er in a white silk skirt to make her more holy, like a fairy of nine days.With the condensing of soul power, it gradually condenses into a transparent wing-like shape behind Xiao Lian'er.“Heart of the soul!” Seeing this scene, including the Sixth Elder, all six elders stood up suddenly and faced a shocking color.Even Xiao Yunfeng was extremely shocked. He did not expect that his daughter’s practice was soaring and progressing, reaching the realm of soul transformation! Soul power, this is the pure performance of soul power to the extreme! It's extremely rare to be able to achieve the soul-shaped wizard. Normally, at least the genius spirit master above the golden level can do it.The ten gold regener spiritual masters may not necessarily have one person who can achieve the realm of soul transformation, but as long as it is a demon spirit teacher capable of transforming the soul, the soul power is powerful to the extreme, the future achievement is at least above the black gold level, and even May reach legendary level! Xiao Ning'er looked up and stared at Xiao Yi coldly, decisively authentic: "The person who commissioned me to buy Zi Zicao is like me.If Tang Shu is going to be unfavorable to him, although the repair is not as good as the uncle, I have to fight the fate and stop the uncle! "Xiao Tinger's attitude is resolute, and the voice of speech is like an icy, cold ice, pointing directly at people's hearts."Bronze level will be able to transform the soul to prove that the talent has reached the level that ordinary people can't imagine. Xiao Linger was only 13 years old. How many years is it? The progress of this genius cultivation will be amazing. It will take less than a few years to reach silver, gold and even higher levels! Xiao Yi finally flinched. According to the rules of the family, Xiao Ninger showed his soul transformation, and his position in the family from now on, even to Xiao Yunfeng! The ancestors of the Pterosaur family, in any era, the status of martial genius born in the family is detached. If you have a blue or blue soul sea, the family will be trained at all costs, and you will have a detached position in the family. Genius can make the family reach its peak! Although Xiao Geling only has a green soul sea, but the bronze level will be able to change his soul, which is much less than the sea of ​​blue soul! Because in history, there are many demon psychic masters who have a sea of ​​blue souls, they are still quiet down, and they have reached only one-tenth of the gold level. However, if they have the spirit of soul, they are completely different. No one is less than the gold demon spirit teacher! Once a certain junior is confirmed as a super genius, everyone in the family must pave the way for this super talent! All the elders looked at each other, and even if they were two elders who were not right with Xiao Yunfeng, they did not hesitate to fall to Xiao Yunfeng."The condensate bronze level, you can have a soul power shape, the future achievements will be extraordinary!" "Congratulations to the owner, congratulations condensate children, I Yilong family, and finally have a day to come!" A few of them were also forced to Xiao Ning The elders who handed out the purple yarrow grass all showed their smiling faces. It was even more beautiful for Xiao Ninger! The talent shown by Xiao Ting-er is amazing, and no one can imagine how far Xiao Li-er could grow up in the future.Hearing the admiration of several elders, Xiao Yunfeng feels comfortable for a moment and laughs.“What about the marriage agreement with the Holy Family?” Xiao Xiao said whispering. Xiao Yunfeng only has one daughter. If Xiao Ninger goes to the Holy Family, Xiao Wing will be able to take home the Lord, but now, the situation is completely out. Almost expected"Wing Xiao, are we going to give the only genius who can make the family rejuvenate to the sacred family?" One of the elders retorted that if Xiao linger married to the sacred family, it would be the people of the sacred family, with pterosaurs. The family has nothing to do with it. They absolutely will not let this happen.Xiao Yi was depressed. He had originally gathered several elders to prepare to grab Xiao Yunfeng’s homeowner. However, after Xiao Nian'er showed talent, all these elders fell to Xiao Yunfeng."Compared with the good news that we have brought to us, that point is nothing."Another elder smiledThe transformation of the attitude of a group of elders made Xiao Ninger a bit surprised. Just under her excitement, her soul power inadvertently made a breakthrough, and she actually reached the state of soul reform.If it weren’t for the wind-fighting pterosaurs, it wouldn’t be able to inspire the strong talent of her soul! Even if practicing wind and thunderbolt, the possibility of stimulating soul formation is very low, and Xiao Gelian is considered to be a blessing in disguise.Xiao Ning'er is more grateful for Nie's departure. If she is not Nie Li, she is now in a situation and I don’t know how it is.“There are still sinners on the side of the sacred family. We are still offended by the sacred family. There are still two years from the date of the marriage contract. We must first drag and do not worry!” Xiaoyun Feng proudly smiled. Although he was the owner of the family, he had been under pressure from several elders. However, the gas came out, and today I finally got a bad breath. Ding Er really gave him a bit of gas."Dinger, how much is your current soul power?” Xiaoyun Feng asked Xiao Liaoer."The last test was 105"Xiao Tinger's child, just after the soul transformation, the soul power seems to have some enhancements.""Take the soul crystal test!" Xiao Yunfeng smiledXiao Ning'er took out the soul crystal, slowly injects the soul into the crystal of the soul, and sees the light in the crystal of the soul becoming more and more dazzling, dazzling, and faintlyHowever, Xiao Yunfeng and others only noticed the strength of the soul."Soul power 362?" Whether it is Xiao Yunfeng or many elders, one by one has a cool breath.Xiao condensate test a few days ago, only 105 only, this only a few days, soul power reached 365? Bronze Samsung level? “Sure enough, it was a genius that realized the soul and shape!” Several elders were shocked and ecstatic. Only Xiao Yi’s face was gloomy.Xiao Ning'er was also surprised. She did not expect her own soul power to rise so fast. The elders in the family would no longer force them to marry in the sacred family. Think of all this, and they were all brought by Nie. ofRecalling all the differentties with Nie, Shaw's heart could not help but flash a hint of sweetnessXiao Ning'er clenched her fist. She must continue to work hard and have enough strength. She would not have to succumb to the pressure from the sacred family to marry Shen Fei! Nie left the plate and practiced it. He gradually entered the realm of ecstasy and the sea of ​​soul was calm and waveless.The heavenly gods are in operation, and the forces around the world continue to gather on Nie Li’s body. The soul power continues to grow.A slight breeze blows past and the night goes darkUnder the control of Nie Li, the soul power lingers all over the body, and the muscles of the body vibrate and intensify with certain rhythms, just like the strings being toggled.This is some of the effects that are attached to the God of Heaven. They can cultivate spiritual power while improving the power of the flesh.After midnight, Nie Li ceased cultivation. When the soul power is not strong, cultivation in the middle of the night will cause some side effects.Take out the soul crystal, test it, the soul power has reached 82, the results of practice in recent days is not badLooking at the distance, several figures move back and forth. It is the people who are responsible for the night watch.Suddenly, a strange odor came in, like the smell of some kind of beast, and Nie looked surprised and Huo Di stood up.If the camp is attacked by Wicked Animals, it is in trouble! Nie immediately stood up and walked to the depths next to the jungle.For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience