Deep in the jungle, a radius of more than ten meters of open space, all kinds of branches scattered messy there, there seems to remain a trace of urine in the air+, there is still a gray hair on the trunkThese hairs are about two inches longUpon seeing these hairs, Nie Li identified them as fox bears! "Who?" Suddenly a vigilante soundedNie Lizhao looked over there and saw only one figure coming out from behind the tree.After seeing the person opposite, Nie Li was a little surprised. It was actually Chen Linjian.After a few moments, Chen Linjian left behind several people. Two of them were Chen Linjian's attendants, and one was actually Shen Yue."How are you here?" Chen Linjian asked Nie to ask“I smelled a strange smell in the air when I was practicing, and I found it here!” Nie separated from him. His eyes swept away Chen Linjian and Shen Yue. Chen Linjian and Shen Yue should only be familiar, not a group of people. , otherwise, the life-long Chen Linjian will not kill so many sacred people.Shen Yue looked coldly at Nie, his dark eyes were all hidden in the darkness.Weird smell? Why did they not smell it before? "My two men were searching for the forest. When they came here, Shen Yue came with me to check it out!" Chen Lin Jiandao, the current relationship between him and Shen Yue is still very good. Children, so both sides keep the goodShen Yue coldly grunted, said: "One person came to this place in the middle of the night, maybe it was a mischievous person."Shen Yue wished he could throw all the dirty water on Nie's body."Nie Li was too lazy to justify this. Without proof, Chen Linjian would believe there was a ghost.Chen Linjian looked at Shen Yue and looked at the contradiction between Nie Li and Nie Li and Shen Yue. He still heard something. A student with no background actually dared to confront the sacred family. Nie was confident or still. ignorance? "This Witch's Den must have been abandoned for a long time."Shen Yue glanced over this area. After Nie left, he was too lazy to stay here again."Anyway, this time he went to the remains of the city of Quran, and he had many opportunities to deal with Nie Li along the way. There was no need to talk nonsense with Nie Liduo."This Wicked Nest has indeed been abandoned for a long time!" Chen Linjian looked at the scattered branches and nodded. Suddenly, he seemed to think of something. He looked at Nie Li and asked, "What do you think?" Nie Liyi is quite profound in knowledge."There are some hair on the trunk and the way the lair is stacked. According to my judgment, it should be a kind of fox bear.The size of the fox bear is not large. The adult fox bear is about one meter high and two meters long. It is already very strong.This lair is so big that it used to be an entire family of fox bears living here.“Nie’s analysis judgesHearing Nie Li’s words, whether Chen Linjian or the two behind-the-scenes staffs, he looked at Nie Li in a silly way. It was just such a little message that he could actually analyze which kind of beast he once lived in. This is too shocking. After all, there are no hundreds of thousands of wicked animals in the ancestral mountains. There are tens of thousands of species.It seems that taking Nie Li away, this decision is still sensible. Chen Linjian can't help thinking"On just such a clue, it was inferred that this place was once a nest of a fox bear, and it was too arbitrary!" Shen Yue countered on the side. As long as he was Nie Li, he opposed it."You continue to say"Lin Linjian ignored Shen Yue and looked to Nie LidaoShen Yue opened his mouth a bit dissatisfied, but he did not say anything again. Although he and Chen Linjian are the families of the top families, the sacred family has seven children with his peers. He is not very concerned about this one. To Ye Zixuan, his position in the sacred family can be upgraded to a level that will become the next master's choice.Chen Linjian is different from him. Almost from birth, Chen Linjian has basically confirmed the identity of his next homeowner. Talent is also very outstanding.So Shen Yue dared to tie the relationship with Chen LinjianNie Li completely used Shen Yue as the air and continued: "General adult foxes are silver monsters. According to the living habits of fox bears, the fox bear spends three-fifths of its time in the cave every year. Over the coldest time in the ancestral mountains, only in the early summer, they will come out of the cave and migrate to the jungle to hunt.""It is this time of year? "Lin Lin Jian asked with surprise"Not bad"Nie left nodded." There was a trace of urine in the air. If it was left last year, after a long period of wind and rain, the smell must have astigmatism.The bears are very much aware of the site. They use urine to set the site. I guess they will soon appear! “Ye Nie’s deliberations were meticulous and thoughtful. Just through careful observation, we got so many messages that Chen Linjian was admired. Nie Li was very impressed. Nie Li was literally a living demon book!” Then what should we do? “Lin Linjian asked, he began to solicit opinions from Nie“Get out of here as soon as possible, stay up late to go, and the fox bears are very sensitive. If a fox bear discovers that strangers have broken into their territory, I’m afraid we’ll go to war with us, although we can kill this fox with our strength. Bears, but it is inevitable that there will be casualties. Our goal is still the remains of the city of Golan!" Nie also remembered, remembering the past life, Ye Zixuan once said that they had been attacked by the bears when they went to the ruins of the city. Several people were killed and wounded, which made Nie more certain about the danger here.Chen Linjian thought for a moment and said: "Okay, we leave overnight!" "Chen Shao, don't listen to him nonsense. Since it's empty here, there can be no fox bears. It's even more dangerous to catch the night road. It's not as good as daytime. Go!” Shen Yue immediately retortedNie Li spread his hands and decided how to use Chen Linjian. However, he left no threat or left him.“Go!” Chen Lin Jian was decisively authentic. There is no doubt that he would rather believe in Nie's judgment.Chen Linjian is a wise man who knows who can believe, and who cannot believe it.Returning to the camp, Chen Linjian immediately summoned all the people in his sleep."Chen Shao, what happened?" "Yeah, why do we have to get on the road overnight?" All the people were puzzled."Don't worry about it, just listen to my orders!" Chen Linjian took the lead, and regardless of other people's persuasion, he took everyone along the road outside the forest.Nie Li and Ye Zixuan together, Ye Zixie, although also a bit puzzled, but she did not ask too much about whatWhen the pedestrians just walked out of the jungle, they felt the tremors of the tremors and the sound of the bears in the depths of the jungle behind them.In the instant, everyone understands what"Chen Shaoying Ming!" "Fortunately, Chen Shao took us out. Otherwise, it is inevitable that there will be a war with those bears!" Everyone praised Chen Linjian.However, Chen Linjian knew that all this was Nie Li. If he did not listen to Nie Li, they would surely have been attacked by a fox bear. Although they could still beat those bears, they would inevitably have some. casualties! At this time, Chen Linjian thought that Nie Li had already admired his talents. From childhood to childhood, he was an outstanding leader in his peers. He had to admit for the first time that Nie Li’s knowledge was far beyond him.You know, Nie Li is even younger than he is! At this time Shen Yue did not mention how depressed, and did not expect to be really left by Nie to say, where there really is a fox bear hauntedA few times he met with Nie Li, he fell under the wind, which made his heart resentment deepens.Fortunately, the deacon's elders sent three silver-class strongmen behind and Shenyue's eyes were gloomy. Once Nie departed from the team, he would surely find a chance to kill Nie Li. Nie Li walked quietly behind the team and walked with Ye Zixuan. He glanced behind him and his mouth revealed a trace of sneer. He had noticed that someone behind the team was following him. He could see Shen Yue’s thoughts not being like. To those few people is definitely a sacred familyEstimate that they are looking for opportunities to start with themselves! Ye Zixuan and others did not realize that they had been tracked, but all this could not escape the keen sense of NieIf it is tracked by several silver grades but it cannot be found, he is really alive."One, two, three...three silver!" Nie walked quietlyGradually there was a dawn in the sky, and Chen Linjian slowly walked to Nie's side and took a look at Nie and said: "Thanks to Nie Li's brotherhood, we will certainly be attacked by a fox bear, although it will not be completely destroyed. But there will be death and injuryI Chen Linjian owes you a favor"If there is a casualty on the first day, it will still have an impact on the morale of the team."Hearing Chen Linjian's words, Ye Zixuan looked at Nie Li in surprise. She did not expect that Nie Lixian had discovered the Fox Bear."Chen was kind enough“Nie said in a flat voice, he did not take credit for himself.Chen Linjian slightly bowed his head. From the beginning he was exposed to Nie Li. He felt that Nie Liqing had the ability to see that Nie was disgraceful and he was quite appreciative.Nie Li lowered his voice and said: "Chen Shao, we have been tracked.Hearing Nie's words, Chen Linjian was surprised and turned to look at the back of the jungle."Don't look, it's three silver grades. I don't know who sent it.Nie Li said quicklyChen Linjian quickly recovered his gaze, pretending to smile easily, whispered: "What are their purposes?" Chen Lin Jian wrinkled his brow, the glorious city, he did not provoke anyone! "It may be the dark guild!" Nie Li said, although it is certain that the three are sacred, Nie Li describes the three silver classes as the dark guild.After hearing Nie Li’s words, Chen Linjian flashed a glimpse of coldness in his eyes. The Dark Guild was simply infamous in the City of Lights. They were a secret organization created by a group of criminals. People of the Dark Society generally did not dare to appear on the day. They secretly murdered No evil is done, is the enemy of the glorious cities of all families! “Take this thing to me!” Chen Lin patted Nie Li’s shoulder and walked in front of him.~~New books need everyone's support, please go to the starting point to add a click to the snail, a recommendation! ! u