How could Shen Qi never imagine that the three silver-level men sent by the Holy Family have been spotted by Chen Linjian?Chen Linjian will definitely try his best to seduce those three people! If you know that the three people are sacred people, Chen Linjian may still keep his hands, but when he hears Nie Li from saying that the three people should be the dark guilds, Chen Linjian will definitely be merciless! Want to play with me, but also tender! Nie Li does not have to use his own shot, you can play Shen Yue! Ye Zixuan is a baby. He knows that Nie Li is a big treasure house. From time to time, he asks various knowledge about Mingwen and Wuji.The two men were laughing and talking, so that the boys around him could not help but express their envy and jealousy.I have to say that the beautiful and charming Ye Zixuan is definitely the goddess of these boys. Since Ye Zixuan is extremely noble, many boys dare not go near Ye Zixuan. When they face Ye Zixuan, they are very inferior to themselves.And Ye Zixuan's slightly cool personality gives a strong sense of distance.Although they admire Ye Zixuan, they did not even have the courage to strike up with Ye Zixi.But when Ye Zixie chats with Nie, she is so casual and natural. The elegant smile is awe-inspiring.The boys around could not help but peek quietly and cast their eyes on itLooking at Qiao Xiaoying's Ye Ziyan, Nie Li can not help but think of past lives. At that time, Ye Zixuan was still moving a few minutes more than it is now. Before the little girl can grow up to become a beautiful girl of that kind of style? Seeing that Nie Li has been staring at herself, Ye Zizhuo can't help but flush her cheeks, but she doesn't know what to thinkShe thought of Nie Li’s daring confession in the classroom. Before she felt very annoyed, but now she can't tell how it feels.In the face of Nie Li’s time, Ye Ziyan always thinks about this matter, and she is a bit shy.However, there seems to be a bit of unclear emotion between Nie Li and Xiao Ting-er.When Nie Li and Ye Ziyan chatted, there was a fierce battle between the souls behind the jungle.Three silver strangers were led by Chen Linjian to five silver-class strongmen"Say, what are you guys from? What do you want to do? If you don't say anything, then don't blame me for ruthlessness!" Chen Lin Jianjian Mei collapsed, cold anger drunkBecause of the threat of evil beasts, the various families of the City of Glory are very united and generally do not kill other family members. Except for the Dark Society, the Dark Society is a group of murderers. If it is confirmed to be the Dark Society, Chen Linjian is Never leave your handThe three silver masters looked at each other in disgust. How could they not dare to say that they were sacred people? If they were pursued, they would bring great trouble to the owners! The three silver masters did not say anything, and they rushed out with others.“Since you don’t reveal your name, don’t blame me for being rude!” said Chen Linjian, seeing their silence, he decided that they were definitely members of the Dark Guild and shouted, “Kill them!” If it is from another family, Chen Linjian is generally not a swindler, but if it is a dark guild, it can't be left! Chen Linjian swarmed with him and the two sides had a fierce fight. After fighting fiercely, the three silver masters died and the two ran away. The two ran away and were seriously injured.After knowing this news, Shen Yue was almost crazy. He arranged three silver masters to deal with Nie Li, but he did not expect to be destroyed by Chen Linjian.What he didn't know was that Nie Li gave news to Chen Linjian and Chen Lin’s sword was out of hand."I can only come from myself!" Shen Yue's heart is gloomy. He took six people. There are also three bronze one stars and three bronze two stars.The reason why you lost in Nie Li's hand was because you didn't know that Nie was wearing a complete set of bronze suits. If you started to play against Nie away from your head, you don't believe that Nie can hide! Seeing Shen Yue look gloomy, Nie Li knew that this guy was definitely planning another plot.After a moment, Chen Lin Jian returned with five silver masters"Chen Shao, what are these three people?" asked a friend next to Chen Linjian."According to my estimation, it should be the Dark Society!" Chen Lin Jiandao“It was the dark guild’s people who died and deserved it!” Hearing their arguments, Shen Yue looked convulsive. Chen Lin Jian mistakenly thought that his three men were dark guilds, and they only got rid of the hand, otherwise they would surely drive away. TheBut he can't say anything. He can't tell other people that the three are sent by the sacred family? A dead man died in vain, and the other two did not know where to go. Even if there was more bitter water, Shen Yue could only swallow it.Knowing that Chen Linjian valued Nie Li, Nie Li’s position in this group also began to rise. Some friends of Chen Linjian also began to search for Nie Off."My name is Huyan Lanruo, a friend of Chen Shao, from Huyan Family."If Huyan Yan smiled a little, she looks like she is sixteen or seven. Her figure is hot and sexy, especially the Yufeng on her chest. She is extremely arrogant. The white silk skirt can barely conceal the deep gully and walk." Quivering slightlyHer eyes waved, showing a hint of charmThis woman is absolutely a stunt! Although the Huyan family is not the top three family, it is also one of the most powerful families in the family of giants."Hello, my name is Nie Li!" Nie looked at Hu Yan Lan, and said flatly, not being tempted by beauty.He was somewhat impressed by this caller Yan Lan. Hu Yan's talent was also very high. It is now a silver Samsung level. After a few years, Hu Yan Lan has become the owner of the Huyan family.If some people think that Huyan Lan is a delicate young girl, it would be very wrong and it can become a high level of a family. Even if it is only a generation of family members, it is impossible to do nothing.If Hu Yanlan was a bit surprised, Nie Li was actually unmoved by her beauty. At the age of Nie, she knew something about men and women. Many boys often had pink cheeks in front of her and could not even move along the way. Nie left calmlyOther boys tend to stare at her chest and hips, full of lust, and Nie Li looks directly at her, but her eyes are very clear and blind to her seductive figure.If Hu Yanlan likes Nie Li this young boy, he has a kinder affection.“I’m a few years older than you, and later you call me Lan Ruojie."If Huyan Lan smiles authentically“Call your sister...” Nie was a bit embarrassed. If Hu Yan-Lan knew his true age, he would not know what kind of reaction he would be."How, can't you?" Huyan Yan laughed.Ye Ziyan, who was next to Nie, had no affection for Huyan Lan. If he heard the tenderness of Hu Yan’s Lan Ruo, he turned his head a bit impatiently.Although Ye Ziyan was not as sexy as Ling Yan, the elegance that was revealed on the body was not comparable to Huyan Lan, and in a few years Ye Zixuan would move much more than Hu Yanlan.Ye Zixuan has raised the eyes of Nie Li very high, so even if Yan Yan such as Yan Yan is standing in front of herself, Nie Li is not looking at herself.If Huyan Yan blinked, she still had some interest in Nie Li.See Nie away standing beside him with a charming and charming Ye Zixuan, and talking with the hot and sexy Huyan Lan, causing a few men's injusticeA man walked over to them, tall and thin, wearing a white robe, quite a feeling of a wealthy son, but his skin was pale and his steps were floatingHe called Chu Yuan and is also a child of a wealthy family.His eyes swept over Ye Zixuan's body and flashed a greedy look. Although his age was young, Ye Zixuan had gradually revealed the potential of disasters. The future must have been an imperious beauty.It is a pity that he understands that Ye Zixuan’s status is noble and not what he can touch! In contrast, Huyan Lanruo’s identity is similar to hiss. If he catches up with him, he will be very helpful to his position in the family. Hu Yan’s hot body makes him even more heartburn."What are you talking about, can I join in?" Chu Yuan said with a smile, looking at Nie Li's eyes flashing a hint of contempt. According to the news he got, Nie Li was a young family's brother and he had even one bronze star. not yetMoreover, Nie Li offended the sacred family. Although the sacred family did not deal with Nie Li at the moment, does Nie Li think that he has been so rampant? Inevitably too small to see the sacred family! "We are discussing the etched pattern“Huyan Yan casually found an excuse to show a trace of disgust and impatience, she did not like Chu Yuan, but the Chu family behind Chu Yuan is also very prominent in the city of glory, she can only maintain the harmony of the surface."I am best at Mingwen. If there is something strange about Lan, I can come to see me.My research on Mingwen is more proficient than a 13-year-old child! "Chu Yuanhaha smiled, his face flashed a hint of proud colorYe Zixun's heart is a bit disapproval. Chu Yuan's mastery of Mingwen can be better than her. However, even Xue Lan personally admitted that Nie Li was a master of Mingwen! If you don’t speak up loudly, Hu Yan’s heart laughed loudly. She was so interested in Nie Yi’s interest because Nie was able to see the source of Chi Yan’s explosion. If it wasn’t for Master Ming, how could he know Chi Yan? The burst of fire comes from the Thunderfire Code? Most people are afraid that even the Thunderfire script has never seen it. This is not a pure luck explanation."I don't think it's true. Many times, the age may not be able to represent anything. There are always a lot of people who break the boundary of age. That is what we call the genius.“Hu Yan Lan’s slightly glances over Nie LiHuyan Lan thinks Nie is a genius? Chu Yuan scorned and said that Ye Zixuan was a genius. He did not deny that the young age had broken through to a bronze star, and Nie Li had only a red soul sea, and his soul power was far too low. Such a person could be called a genius. That day is too worthless, right? Even if you know a little bit of etched knowledge, what can you do? The glorious city advocating the strong, only the strong can be respected by others! For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience