Chu Yuan smirked, but did not refute the words of Huyan Lanruo. His tone and attitude showed his attitude.Nie Li did not show anything. Whether it was the appreciation of Huyan Lanru or the contempt of Chu Yuan, he could not create a wave of ripples in his heart.When she was born again, Nie Li completely ignored the small figure of Chu Yuan.Because Chu Yuan did not qualify for dialogue with him! "Chu Yuan, what is your attitude?""What I laughed at was that I didn't know what the boy had filled you with this soup. You would think that he was a genius! A waste wood that has only a sea of ​​red souls, what can this accomplishment be in this lifetime? "We are Wu?" Chu Yuan sneered aloud. He had a good relationship with Shen Yue's older brother Shen Fei. Even with him, he saw that Nie Li was also very unhappy."You are too much!"Although Nie is away from this person, there is a little bit annoying, but have to say, Nie Li is a real material, but Nie Li is too low-key, and many people do not know the talent of Nie only! Nie Li looked faintly cold. He did not put Chu Yuan in his eyes, so he was too lazy to bother, but it did not mean that he could always tolerate a jumping beam clown jumping in front of himself."Chu Yuan, your talent is not necessarily good where to go. Nie was three years older than he was. He is still only a bronze samurai and he actually has a face to say"Hu Yanluolan laughed and said that many of the family's children of the same age are already stunned... Jin ordered silver, but Chu Yuan still remains in the bronze realm of Samsung.When he heard Huyan Lanruo, Chu Yuan was a bit embarrassed. In several of his peers, his talent was not the worst, but he did not work hard. He took every day to soak a woman, and she would not care for nature. It's just bronze Samsung."What is it then? At least I'm the Yellow Souls Sea. As long as I work hard, breaking silver is not a difficult task. He, I guess, can never reach the bronze star realm for a lifetime!" Chu Yuan is still involuntarily fighting against Nie Li and Nie Li. I have never been able to speak. I am sure I am afraid. Like people like Nie, I can only deceive people with good-looking looks and rhetoric. How can there be any real material? Red soul sea, that is waste residue! Nie sharpened his eyes to Chu Yuan, and smiled indifferently: “Then I challenge you now. If anyone loses, and if the dog learns to climb three circles on earth, how can he?” Hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zi’e’s nervous tension What's wrong with Nie Li's departure? How do you actually challenge Chu Yuan? Nie from the current repair but not even a star of bronze, and Chu Yuan is already a bronze Samsung! This level of disparity is like a gap between heaven and earth. It cannot be broken.Seeing the intense expression of Ye Zixuan, Nie Chengzhong was slightly warm and Ye Ziyan was still very concerned about herself.If it was Lanyan, if it was slightly stretched, the eyes seemed to have a deep meaning to take a look at Nie Li. Nie Li was not like a manWhen Chu Yuan heard Nie Li, he froze and laughed furiously: “What did I hear? Do you actually want to challenge me? Haha, this is the best laugh I’ve ever heard, a bronze one-star , actually want to challenge me! It's almost impossible!” “Nie Li, don’t be impulsiveYe Zixuan thought that after Nie had been angered, he decided to challenge Chu Yuan if he did not sensibly."Even if I don't use the power of the soul, I can only rely on the strength of the flesh. I'll be able to find you all over the floor!" Chu Yuan grinned arrogantly. His strength was just flesh. He also had the strength of a bronze star. "Boy, if you "I'm afraid that it's too late to get my words back now!" Nie left a finger and listened to the crackling sounds of the finger joints. He looked coldly at Chu Yuan: "If you have garbage like you every day Jumping in front of my feet, I must not be too busy! Since you are not so long-term, then I can only shoot, let you teach you a long lesson, some people you can not afford to offend!" When speaking, Nie Li's eyes are also Shen Yue and others sweptChu Yuan was gloomy and stared at Nie Liwei: “This is what you are looking for!” Chen Linjian was also shocked. Although Nie Li was very knowledgeable, he did not even have a bronze star. May have played Chu Yuan? Just as Chu Yuan said, even if Chu Yuan had no soul power, it would be enough to crush Nie away! However, Nie Li is not like the kind of person who is afraid of it. Chen Linjian can't help but feel a bit curious about it. He waved his hand and the people around him withdrew a certain distance."Rest assured, as your man, if even this scene is inconsistent, it would be better to kill it!" Seeing Ye Zixiong's nervous look, Nie Li said with a smile next to Ye Zixuan.“You...” Ye Zixuan suddenly flushed on his cheeks and licked his feet. Nie was very annoying to this person. She was just a concern between her friends, but she did not expect Nie to be so sloppy, which made her annoyed. Let Nie Li be killed by Chu YuanSeeing Zi Xie's indignant look, Hu Yan Lan looked at Nie Li with a smile, and Nie Li was not a wood who couldn't understand anything. He seemed to be quite happy to discuss the girls.But from the very beginning, Nie Li was indifferent to her. Is it that the charm of this girl is not enough! If Hu Yan-Lan thinks that with her charisma, it wouldn't be easy for Nie to be fascinated by such a little boy! She is more interested in Nie LiThe people around him retreated and left two open spaces for Nie Li and Chu Yuan.Shen Yue looked at this scene. His eyes flashed with coldness. Nie actually dared to challenge Chu Yuan. It was simply to find death. He talked with Chu Yuan several times. If there is a chance, Chu Yuan will definitely leave Nie to fight in the dead! But I don’t know why. I’m not sure if I see Nie’s disappointment. His heart is a bit uneasy.Chu Yuan will lose it? This is simply impossible. We must know that Chu Yuan’s soul power has reached the bronze Samsung! Although the soul power is only 88, the power is only about 50, but Nie Li has a deep understanding of the soul power and power.Nie’s sea of ​​spirits began to work and strengthened his soul into the flesh. His muscles swelled and shook slowly. Although Nie's muscles were not prominent, they contained explosive power."I'll let you three strokes, lest you say I'm bullying!" Chu Yuan took a bad hand, looked at Nie Li proudly, his eyes revealed a hint of contempt."Yeah!" Nie Li suddenly accelerated and headed toward Chu Yuan, and an elbow hit the abdomen of Chu Yuan."Is this child's fist road, do you think it was a house?" Chu Yuan mockingly laughed, seeing Nie Li's elbow will soon hit his own abdomen, swept his hand, with Nie away elbow Department maintains a certain distanceFrom the perspective of Chu Yuan, Nie Li's elbow was not at all close to his body, but at this time, Nie was slightly sneering at the corner of his mouth. Chu himself was overconfident! I saw him suddenly speeding up and changing his elbow into a fist. He banged on Chu’s abdomen with a bang.Chu Yuan was a wealthy man, and his footsteps were vacant. Obviously there was not much experience in fighting. Although he reached the strength of the bronze one star, he obviously took a lot of immortality before practicing.When Nie Li casually used the little tricks in the fight, Chu Yuan could not stand still.At this level, isn't it easy to play dead? Loss I also prepared so many backhand, completely useless! When bombarded in Chu Yuan’s abdomen, Nie’s muscles on the arm slammed tight and bulging, showing how terrible the power of Nie’s fists erupted.Chu Yuan’s complacent expression suddenly froze on his face. He stared at his abdomen like a shrimp and bowed. He slammed on the floor and his body twitched and whistled. , Nie away from this fist is almost to spit out his intestines! Seeing this scene, all the people watching around are sillyChu Yuan, a bronze samurai psychic teacher, is just a flesh body with a bronze one-star level. How could Nie get rid of a fist? Chu Yuan is too low enemy? Was Nie departed from emptiness? "No, in terms of physical strength alone, Nie Li is considered to be a boxing player in Chu's abdomen. It is estimated that he will not be able to cause any substantial damage to Chu Yuan and the power gap is too great.But what happened? Chu Yuan was actually blown away? At this time, everyone understands that Nie Li should have concealed his strength. Nie Li’s physical strength is probably at least a bronze one-star level. What they do not know is that Nie Li has not reached the bronze one-star realm. But his control of power was not something ordinary people could imagine. When he used his fists, he concentrated all his strength on his fists. The attacked part was the most vulnerable part of Chu's waist and belly. He did not hit Chu Yuan with a hit. It's already a mercy to the disability.In terms of the use of power, Nie Li is definitely a master. Not to mention that Chu Yuan has only a bronze star. Even if it is a bronze five-star or even a silver one, I am afraid that Nie once hits the punch and hits the floor! Only people who know how to rely on the strength and strength to hard hit people, in Nie Li's view, it is no different from the original people.Ye Zixuan's clear eyes revealed a deep shock. Nie left the Chu Yuan to the ground with a fist, and the wave caused by the girl’s heart could be imagined.Nie from the bronze did not come to a star ah, Nie from how to do it? Ye Zixun discovered that she always underestimated the strength of Nie Li.Hu Yanruolan looked at Nie Li with great interest, and Nie Li’s demonstrated strength did make her jump. Her interest in Nie Li’s interest has grown stronger."interesting“Chen Linjian looked at Nie Li with great interestChu Yuan twitched on the ground for a long time. He had not yet climbed up. As a noble family, he had been beaten so badly. He thought that his strength was above Nie Li and he could completely despise Nie Li and said After letting Nie depart from the three strokes, but he did not expect a move, he would not climb on the ground.The whole intestine is overwhelmed. This is an unimaginable pain. If it is not for fighting back, I am afraid that Chu Yuan has passed out.I saw this time, Nie Li looked at the ground of Chu Yuan, a look harmlessly asked: "You said let me three strokes, and now has a move, there are two strokes!" Hear Nie Li, then strong Enduring the pain, Chu Yuan, who wanted to stand up and burst in front of him, had no humanity. He had already asked him half a life. Nie Li actually wanted to let him make two moves! , 78 novel network / www.78xs., but also in Baidu direct search for "78 novel" or "www.78xs.com", 78 novels http:www.78xs.comread3 ();read4 ();