Readx(); "You... The city of shining light has been able to reach the top of its own for only a few years."Shen Xiu speaks of a lingering tone, still arguing by reason"Isn't Shen Xiu not saying that it is impossible? How did you talk to yourself again?" Nie replied with a smile. "Ye Moi adults are a vivid example. Whether it is the family's children or the children of the common people, the potential for the future is infinite. There is no such thing in the world." If it is difficult, as long as willing to climb!” Shen Xiu almost violent, Nie from this guy is simply too hateful, grab the handle in her words and keep attacking, is simply no one else! She looked at Nie Li coldly, and Nie Ligan dared to confront her in front of the crowd. In the next period of time, she would never let Nie better off! Not far from Nie, Du Ze looked gratefully at Nie's departure. Although Nie Li was a family boy, he braved the danger of offending Shen Xiu’s mentor and helped them speak to these civilian children. This made him very touched.Juvenile’s heart is very simple. From this moment on, he has already identified Nie Li as his friend.Shen Xiu sneered and said: “I think you can change the cruel reality with your sharp teeth. You only see the brilliance of Ye Mo’s adults, but you don’t see how many people live their entire lives. commonplaceNot to mention being a demon teacher, that is to become a martial artist, but also difficult to ascend to heavenNie is right, you can be considered a family boy.I have to look at your talent! “Shen Xiu looked down at the parchment industry in his hand. After looking at it, he ridiculed and laughed:” Nie Li, the Red Soul Sea, the current soul power 6, power 21, depending on your talent, this life is also the most Can only reach the realm of bronze warriors. Wanting to become a demon teacher is simply an impossible thing. It is not as good as some of the civilian children. No wonder you have to speak like this. It was only to hide your inner self-esteem! According to the different colors, the soul sea level is divided into seven grades: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple. Red is the worst. It is simply bad to a certain level. Ordinary people are generally orange or yellow, reaching green or blue, it is already a genius. Level, as for blue and purple, only in legendHearing Shen Xiu’s words, a group of civilians’ children watched Nie away with regret. As the family’s children, Nie Li’s talent was indeed the worst, and I’m afraid that it would be difficult to achieve great achievements in this lifetime.Ye Ziyan looked at Nie Li and sighed with a sigh. Although she was not very impressed with Nie Li, she knew that Nie Li's talent was so bad that she was full of sympathy.Next to Ye Zixuan, Shen Yue’s mouth licked. If he knew that Nie's talent was so bad, he would absolutely not regard Nie as a threat, because Nie was not qualified enough! Such a poor talent is only worth living at the bottom of the glorious city. His Shen Yue is a rumored disciple of one of the three noble families. What does Nie Li compare with him? If it wasn’t for Ye Zixuan, he wouldn’t come to this junk class, and Nie was away from the garbage! Shen Xiuzhen was very aggressive: "If you have such a bad talent, even in your family, I am afraid you will not receive any attention. You dare to be so arrogant and have no merit?" Shen Xiu's words let Nie Yi think of all kinds of past lives and leave the glory. In front of the city, Nie Li was indeed very weak. Like Shen Xiu, she remained stuck at the bronze Samsung level. He was underestimated both in school and in the family. He was humbled into the dust.If you do not care to save Ye Zixie, it is impossible to get the heart of the goddess.We must know that Ye Zixuan was a gold and a demon psychic teacher at that time. The gap between the two is like a gap.Nie Li did not even have the qualifications to fight alongside Ye Zixuan. He watched as Ye Zixie died under the claws of the Wicked Skull, and he was not in the long yellow sand.This is the eternal pain in Nie CentrifugeLater, after walking out of the endless desert, Nie Li had all kinds of adventures. Only after discovering that there were all kinds of miraculous things in the world, even the so-called soul talents could be raised! If Nie Li was a past life, he was accused by the tutor. He certainly did not even have the courage to refute, but now he is not the same. He has a strong confidence. One day, he will let these people understand that he will reach them. These people are unimaginable realm! Since the rebirth is back, we must go forward and God will block God! To everyone's surprise, Nie Li, who was ridiculed by Shen Xiu, did not have any shameful look. Instead, she looked at Shen Xiu with a firm look and shouted: “Shen Xiu’s mentor, do you think that strength and The talent of soul power determines the future of a person. With your inferior character, you will surely end up battling those talented students who are of higher talents, and those who are less talented will certainly not mock your sarcasm! The seemingly correct principle is just to cover up your dignified character!" When Xie heard Nie away, Shen Xiu shivered with a beard. He had never met such a student and dared to strike him in such a terrible manner. And Nie Li's words just poked those dark thoughts in his heart and made him angry and could not help but shouting: "Shut up, who do you think you are, and dare to scold your mentor so?" Nie excuses himself. He grunted: "I'm ashamed that I have such a mentor.I dare to make sure that there will be a lot of civilians in this class that will exceed your expectations and achieve unimaginable achievements! You do not know to teach them patiently, but use their bad language to fight their confidence. You become a teacher! Although my talent is very poor, what is it like? Sooner or later, I will become a legendary demon psychic teacher like Ye Mo, and I will marry the most beautiful woman in the city of glory! “Nie’s eyes fell on Ye Zi’e in the distance.”Seeing Nie Li's eyes on himself, I don't know why. Ye Zixuan suddenly had some rapid heartbeats and hot cheeks. I didn't know why. She completely did not expect that Nie actually would be so bold to say such a thing in class. From the eyes, the meaning is obviousIt was just in her heart that she did not have any meaning for Nie Li. She was both happy and annoyed. I couldn’t tell what it was like.Seeing Ye Zixuan's look, Shen Yue's face looked darker. Although Nie Lie was not at all a level with him, he still felt a threat.“Hahaha, this is the most ridiculous joke I’ve ever heard. A person with only 5 talents of soul power actually said to become a legendary spirit master like Ye Mo’s, even when Ye Mo was young, he was tested. Out of the amazing talent, the spiritual talent has reached 89. Do you think that success can be achieved only by chance? It is ridiculous!" Shen Xiu said mercilessly. "It's not as good as saying it here. Practical study!” Nie Li shrugged and said: “I know you must be dismissive, but one day I will shut you up with the facts!” “I don’t believe in what a barbarian can achieve!” Shen Xiu Lengheng said, "No matter what your future will be, now you are all my students. From now on you don't have to sit in class, stand behind and go! Otherwise I will inform your family and take you from San Lan College brings back!” Shen Xiu’s unreasonableness is notorious. Nie Li shrugs and stands behind. If he withdraws from Shenglan College, he will have a hard time seeing Ye Zixuan. For the time being, Can endure firstAfter seeing Nie standing behind, several family members gave a whispered laugh."The future legendary demon psychic was fined!" "Oh, he was afraid that he would be dropped out!" "Isn't it crazy yet?" Shenxiu grinned, and Nie was no longer able to be mad again. Obedient? Of course, she will not put the words of Nie Li in her eyes. Nie will one day become a legendary spirit master? Shen Xiu feels ridiculous that such things will never happen! After seeing Nie away from Shen Xiu’s punishment and standing behind, Duze silenced for a moment, bit his teeth, and stood up. He walked next to Nie Li and stood with Nie Li.Nie Li was talking about these common people's children before she was punished by Shen Xiu. Of course he must be with Nie Li.After seeing Duze and Nie Yi stand together, Shen Xiu's eyes gloomy and whispered: "Since you also like to punish standing, then stand with him!" Nie Li and Duze looked at each other, eyes There was a tacit understanding in the middle and both smiled slightly.At this moment, Nie is like returning to his previous life with Duze. Duze is still the Duze.After Duze stood beside him, Lu Piao thought for a while and stood beside Nie Li."How did you come?" Nie looked at Lupeng's smileLu Ping shrugged, said: "Sitting very boring, I want to stand cool and cool, can not you?" "Ha ha, casual!" Nie from haha ​​smile, Lu Piao is exactly the same with the previous life, although mouthful of fire, but also Very loyalAlthough this matter has nothing to do with Lu Ping, but Lu Geng treats him as a friend and his friends should have difficulties.In succession, three other civilians stood up and stood next to Nie Li.With these brothers together, Nie Li felt pretty good and she was very happy.Shen Xiu’s look is more ugly and his face is talking“After testing, among all the students in the class, Lin Ziyi has a blue-spirited sea of ​​soul. The soul power reaches 86. Shen Yue and Xiao Geling own a green soul sea. The soul power reaches 78, and the bronze one-star realm can be reached immediately. Congratulations to them!” Shen Xiu said with a faint smile, and looked at Nie Li contemptuously. This is the real genius. After hearing Shen Xiu’s words, the students in the class could not help but exclaimed: The blue sea of ​​soul, soul power 86, their class actually had such fierce people, such a powerful talent, maybe a lifetime can become a legendary demon spirit. division! As for Shen Yue and Xiao Ning'er, it’s talented and the future achievements are limitless.This leaves Zi Zi does not know what is the origin, beautiful appearance, excellent talent, and mysterious background, make her become the most dazzling one in this classAs for Xiao Ning'er, it is also a beautiful woman with a similar appearance to Ye Zixuan, but the talent is slightly worse.In any case, they are beyond the reach of ordinary people!