Hearing Nie Li’s words, crowds of Chen Linjian and others couldn’t help laughingHey, if Chu Yuan was facing the opponent from the very beginning, he would not be as miserable as this time. As a result, Chu himself conceited his hands behind his back to let Nie depart from the three strokes. As a result, he was slammed on the ground without a move. It's a bloody lesson.Ye Ziyan looked at Nie away from that look of harmless face, can not help but laugh, Nie from really too bad! After a long while, Chu Yuan finally climbed up. His face was intense and his face muscles twitched from time to time. It was evident that he was still fighting back the pain. The laughter of those around him was particularly harsh in Chu Yuan, his eyes flashed Mori's killing intention: "This is what you are looking for, I want to kill you!" Chu Yuan suddenly jumped, a whip leg kicked over Nie Li, to the silver level after receiving the demon spirit, in order to practice martial arts skills, but Chu Yuan As a child of the family, I learned the fur of some martial arts. This whip leg was born from the wind-rotating leg of the Chu family.Chu Yuan’s whip leg brings a roaring windNie Liyuan cannot naturally confront physical forces with Chu Yuan. On the side of his body, Chu Yuan’s whip legs squeaked from his cheeks, and a high-legged leg lifted toward Chu Yuan’s chin.Although Nie Li's power is not as good as Chu Yuan, the movements used to display the techniques and the timing of fighting are all much more precise than those of Chu Yuan, and they attack the blind spots of sight.Seeing this scene, Chen Linjian's brow was slightly picky. Nie was really an enchanting youngster. At the age of thirteen, he already knew so much knowledge of Mingwen and was also very proficient in Wuji.Although Nie Li’s attack moves seem simple, he is actually very aggressive and hegemonic. If he is in the position of Chu Yuan, it may not be able to respond for a time. It is hard to imagine that if Nie Li practices to the silver level, the strength will be strong after the integration of the demon spirit. To what extentChu Yuan felt suddenly lost his goal in front of him, and he was surprised. In the next moment, he felt a sharp pain in his chin. The entire man fell backwards and fell to the ground five or six meters.Around the dead quiet, even a needle dropped to the ground can hear“What happened?” Before Nie departed an elbow strike and put Chu Yuan on the ground. Everyone felt that Chu Yuan was too subdued to be attacked by Nie Yuan. If Chu Yuan got serious, Nie Li was definitely not the opponent of Chu Yuan.However, contrary to all expectations, Chu Yuan took the initiative to attack. Nie Li also used only one stroke to put Chu Yuan on the ground.If, for the first time, it can be explained by luck, is it just a matter of luck? Everyone was shocked and shocked to see the young boy who was slightly immature between the eyes, Nie Li from the sharp, overbearing breath, not like a thirteen-year-oldHu Yan Ruolan looked at the back of Nie Li, the bright eyes in the bright colors"It seems that my sister is still not sexyNie Li’s body has too many secrets waiting to be discoveredYe Zixuan was also surprised a few times, but after she was relieved, Nie left her nine ice phoenixes, which was far more powerful than any of the exercises she had ever seen. Nie certainly had practiced more powerful things. Skills, it can not be difficult to leapfrogSeeing Chu Yuan being shot and flying, Shen and Shen hold their fists tightly, their nails almost puncturing their flesh, and Nie Li is harder to deal with than he imagined! After two consecutive bombardments on the ground, Chu Yuan felt a deep humiliation. He was a bronze samurai psychic teacher. The simple physical strength also had a bronze one-star level. Nie Li, but even the bronze one star did not come! He can feel that Nie Li's power is not strong, much weaker than he is! However, he is defeated, defeated so inexplicably, defeated so shame! Chu Yuan was staring at Nie Li, his eyes were red, his soul sea was tumbling violently, and his soul was surging out of the body.Before the fusion of the demon spirit, the soul force did not have any substantial means of attack. It could only use the soul force to bombard the soul of the other side.Chu Yuan's soul power reached 376, not far from the bronze four-starIf you force all soul power into the other's soul sea, it is very likely that the soul of the other side will explode.If the sea of ​​souls is smashed, then this life is insulated from the psychic division! There is no sea of ​​souls that cannot cultivate spiritual power! The City of Glory is always facing the threat of evil beasts, so the spirit spirits are still more united, generally do not kill each other, even if the duel will not be so absolutely! But Chu Yuan at this time will not manage so much! "Go to hell!" Chu Yuan reveals fierce lights, revealing a sly smile, the soul power is just like the tide, the sea of ​​the spirit of the sea to Nie“Chu Yuan, stop!” If Huyan Lan is moved with trepidation, Jiao Yan soon, Chu Yuan is preparing for a pickpocket. Once Nie Li’s soul is supported by the sea, Nie Li will become a waste person! Ye Ziyan also had a pale face. Although she said that she would rather let Nie Li be flattened, Nie Li was really in danger. She was still very concerned about this, although it was only a concern between friends.With the strength of Chu Yuan's soul, it is bound to be able to crush Nie Li easily! Chen Lin Jian will definitely look at Nie Li. What will Nie leave for? After all, Nie Li takes the initiative to challenge Chu Yuan. People all around held their breath and stared at Nie LiFeeling the surging soul power, a flash of coldness flashed through the eyes of Nie Li. Before, he used a weak victory to defeat the soul power of Shen Yue. This was because of Shen Yue’s soul. The force is only twice as strong as it is. The opposite of Chu Yuan, the soul power is more than four times that of my own. I am afraid that it will not work if I break my face.Bronze samurai psychic master, control of the soul power is not comparable to Shen Yue"Since you want to explode my soul sea, let's come!" Nie Leng grumbled, opportunity and crisis will always coexist.Feeling that the soul of Nie Li was repulsed without resistance, the sneering smirk of Chu Yuan’s heart was a must for me to see if you had any means to die! Chu Yuan’s soul power unimpeded into the sea of ​​Nie’s soulhiss! Nie Li blew an air of cold, and the surging souls raged in his soul and almost broke his soul! Although Nie had experience in all his past lives, after all, he has only just begun to cultivate soul power. So the sea of ​​souls is still very small and cannot suddenly withstand so many soul forces.The pain from the bursts caused Nie to leave his face pale, and the pain of the fragmentation of the soul sea was not something ordinary people could afford.Nie kept silently chanting the mouth of the god of heaven, urging souls to repair the cracks in the road and avoiding the explosion of the soul sea.Seeing that Nie was a pale face, beans' big sweatdrops dropped down. Chu Yuan's heart was ecstatic, and the soul power was the weakness of Nie's departure. Nie Li's soul power was too weak! He frantically pushes the sea of ​​souls and waves the soul into the sea of ​​Nie's soul! As long as the sea of ​​Nie's soul bursts, Nie Li will become a waste! Waves and waves of soul force rushed into the sea of ​​Nie's soul. Under the impact of this soul force, the sea of ​​Nie's soul rose little by little. Every time it rose, Nie had to bear unimaginable s painEvery time I feel that the sea of ​​souls is about to explode, but with the operation of the god of heaven, the sea of ​​Nie’s soul is still barely supported.Constantly breaking a crack and constantly repairing itUnder this terrible affliction, Nie Li’s soul power is like a stream, gathering together and gradually strengthening."How is it?" Chu Yuan wrinkled his brow, every time his soul power almost broke the sea of ​​Nie's soul, but Nie left it hard, and he had to push more soul power. Continue to bombard the sea of ​​Nie's soulStill a little bit worse, but still a little bit ... ... However, Chu Yuan gradually found that his soul power gradually approaching exhaustion, Nie Li's sea of ​​soul has not yet burstWhy did he sustain all his soul power, and did the sea of ​​Nie's soul still burst? Nie Li still suffered intense pain, but his eyes slowly cleared up, because with the expansion and enhancement of the sea of ​​soul, that kind of intense pain eased a littleSoul power is a mysterious power, invisible and invisible, but after practicing cultivation, it can truly feel its existence.Legend has it that soul power is a gift from God! With a strong soul power, it can break through the limits of the human body and follow the path to the strongestEveryone’s body will have a sea of ​​soul, deep in his head. With the cultivation of soul power, the soul sea will become more and moreWhen the soul power far exceeds the capacity of the soul sea, the sea of ​​soul can easily be explodeHowever, this is also an opportunity. Not only did Chu Liyuan’s soul force not explode the sea of ​​Nie’s soul, but he helped Nie Li expand the sea of ​​soul. After absorbing a large amount of soul power, Nie’s soul sea rose by more than 30%."Since it's coming, don't think about leaving!" Nie left his eyes and blazed his way out of the light. The soul sea slowly closed."Not good!" Chu Yuan felt that the soul force was being torn, scared and his face pale, and he quickly pulled the soul away.This guy is exactly what an enchanting! Spiritual masters usually go to silver or even gold level in order to learn how to seal the spirit of the sea of ​​souls. At that time, their soul sea will be able to accommodate the demon spirit. But Nie is not even able to reach the bronze, but he already knows how to close it. Sea of ​​soul! Once Nie closed the sea of ​​souls, it means that the original soul power of Chu was locked up in the sea of ​​Nie's soul. When it was time Nie Li could use Chu Yuan’s soul power to absorb it. ! The hard-working psychic force has become something of other people. It is no wonder that Chu Yuan was scared to death.~~ Brothers and sisters, the new book needs everyone's support! ! ! u