Chu Yuan frantically removed the soul force, but Nie had a very fast time to close the sea of ​​souls. Chu Yuan only pulled out about half of the soul.Chu Yuan felt that his soul power was severely torn apart and split into two halves, half of which remained forever in the sea of ​​Nie's soul.His face was pale, his footsteps were vacillating, he nearly fell, his soul power was torn and he suffered severe injuries. The entire manpower seemed to have been drained, and his mouth overflowed with a trace of blood.Seeing this scene, the people around them are looking at each otherIn the confrontation of the soul power, outsiders are very difficult to see clearly. They do not know that Chu Yuan’s soul power is left in the sea of ​​Nie's soul forever. He only sees the painful and fearful expression of Chu Yuan. On the contrary, Nie Yuan is Spiritual ambiguity, that is to say, just now, Chu Yuan is obviously at a disadvantage.What makes them unreasonable is that Nie Li's soul power is clearly not even a bronze star, and Chu Yuan is already a bronze samurai spiritual master! Why did you suffer from losses but Chu Yuan? Nie Li feels the soul power of the soul in the sea of ​​souls. The light of his eyes flashes. The degree of integration of these soul powers with himself is not very high, but it is still a part of Nie Wei's fusion. The soul sea glows dazzling blue light. More and more flamingNie Li feels that he is getting closer and closer to the bronze star. At this time, if he tests his soul power, I am afraid that it has reached at least 95.In the sea of ​​souls, the barrier of the bronze star of Jin Dynasty is opening a slight crack, and it is about to burst.Soul power continues to rise and mergeNie Li felt a loud roar in his brain, a ripple in the sea of ​​soul, faint rumbling sound of dragonsWhat seems to be hidden in the sea of ​​soul seems to have become more powerfulIn the eyes of Nie from the eyes of God flashed, I do not know what is hidden in the sea of ​​souls. When he practiced in the past life, he did not realize what his soul had hidden in the sea. The sea of ​​souls in this world seemed a bit different. Is it related to the Book of Demon Spirit? Although Xie Li had a breakthrough, although Nie Li had a past life experience, he was still somewhat excited and excited. This meant that he had taken an important step on the path of cultivation and had embarked on a path of destiny that was totally different from previous lives. ! The original soul power of Chu Yuan was only partially refined by Nie Li. After spending some time, he could refine all these soul forces for his own use. After all of the refinements were completed, Nie Bian would be able to attack the bronze two stars! If Shen Xiu knows that Nie Li’s repairs have been promoted so fast, I don’t know what she thinks. "Originally defeated by Chu Yuan?" "I didn't expect it to be such a result!" "If there is no countermeasure, I'm afraid I will not dare leapfrog to challenge Chu Yuan. I still think that Nie Li is arrogant and has no edge. I didn’t think he did have such strength!” everyone was shocked to discussAs a result, no matter if Ye Zixuan, Chen Linjian, Huyan Lanruo, or Shenyue, could not help but move."It seems I still look at him too much!" Chen Lin murmured, the more the three-level challenge, this is definitely something that a super talent can do. Nie Li really only has a red soul sea? He is not quite sure, if someone at this time said that Nie is a rare blue soul sea, it is much more credible than the red soul sea.Ye Zixuan's eyes flashed with surprise colors. Although she did not like Nie Li, Nie Li was always embarrassed by her slippery air, but this did not prevent her from caring about Nie Li. Nie Li challenged Chu Yuan. She followed. I was nervous and did not expect Nie to actually win. This is indeed what she expected.Shen Yue stared at the back of Nie Li's back and gritted his teeth. All along he thought that Nie Li was able to win him by chance. Now he discovered that Nie Li had always played with him! No wonder that at that time, three of his bronze two-star men sieged Nie Li, but he did not injure Nie Lifen. Not only did Nie Li wear a bronze armor, but also Nie Lie far exceeded the bronze two-star. Nie had to beat the day. Are loaded out! Think of myself being so many people, a kind of resentful spirit full of chest, just to blow outNie from this treacherous guy! Huyan Lanruo's towering chest fiercely undulated, and the bronze star failed to surpass the level to actually challenge the strong bronze Samsung. Nie Li gave her too much surprise. Nie left her. How many secrets are there? “My sister must look for time to see and see what you still have hidden!” Hu Yan Lan’s pink cheeks were red, and a glimmer of spring in his eyes.At this time, with Nie away from the enemy's Chu Yuan, sweating, breathing heavily, the soul power damage is so serious, the impact on his strength is still quite strong, he will take at least half a year to recover"Today's event will definitely not end in this way!" Chu Yuan stared at Nie from hatred."Anytime to accompany!" Nie from the eyebrows a pick, he did not put Chu Yuan in the eyesReborn again, Nie Li has a bigger goal, and he has never treated these people as his opponents.Chu Yuan was injured. It may take months or even longer to recover. After a few months, Chu Yuan will find that he has to look up at Nie.Will flying eagles throw their ground dust out of their eyes? Chu Yuan turned and looked a bit shyThe duel between Nie Li and Chu Yuan has become the focus and topic of everyone’s discussion. No one has ever underestimated Nie Li’s position because Nie Lilian’s bronze star has not been reached.They do not know that after the matchup just now, Nie Li has already been promoted to a bronze star! After reaching a bronze star, Nie Li's strength has increased again and again! Nie Li at this time, if it really fights, it will definitely not be inferior to any of them.After such an episode, the team continued to follow the narrow and rugged mountain road."Little brother, you really surprised my sister. I saw you alone tenting in the corner last night. It would be better for you to tie your tent next to your sister this evening. How do we explore and explore the cultivation?" Hu Yanuolan walked to Nie Liqin, It is only a stone's throw away from NieLooking down, Huyan’s towering Yufeng is about to be posted on Nie Li’s body. The vague and deep gully can be seen vaguely, especially the two raised points.From the tip of the nose, the fragrant fragrance of the orchids looms over and I have to say that Huyan Ruolan is still quite charming and charming.In the past, Nie Li was an ordinary boy. There was absolutely no favor for girls. Until the city of Guanghui was destroyed, she had the opportunity to come into contact with Ye Zixuan. She possessed the goddess in her heart. She did not expect this world to know Xiao Ning'er. Immediately after Huyan Ruolan took the initiative to seduce, Tao Yun seems to be too muchUnfortunately, Nie Li is not an ordinary boy of past life. He will not be easily tempted by beauty. In his heart, there is only one person, Ye Zixuan.It was Ye Zixuan who fell in love with the ordinary Nie Li in his previous life. This caused the entire life of Nie Li to change. Then Ye Zixie left his life with regrets. One of the most important goals of Nie Zi’s return to life was to guard Ye Zixuan! If Hu Yan-Lan thinks that with beauty, he can seduce Nie Li, it really makes it too simple to think of Nie Yi.When she saw Huyan Lan with a sexy figure to seduce Nie Li, Ye Zi smashed her lips. She did not like Hu Yan Lan Ruo’s woman because Hu Yan was too impressed and she could not understand her. She looked at Nie Li and Hu Yan Lanruo. This temptation of this kid, it is estimated that this kid will definitely go up to itIn spite of him, anyway, regardless of my business, Ye Zixi turned and thought"I would like to thank the beautiful girl of Lan Ruo. If the girl of Lan Ruo is already silver, I am afraid I have nothing to discuss with the Lan Ruo girl. Or forget it!"Ye Zixuan paused and took a swift look at Nie Li. She completely did not expect Nie to refuse.Huyan Yan was beautifully filled with incredible beauty. Even though she did not go to bed with any man, she understood her proud capital more clearly. He often swayed the men and could not be themselves. Let the other person not eatIn her view, the temptation of such a young boy was not a hand-to-hands incident, but he did not expect that since the beginning of the contact, Nie Li’s eyes had been clear and he had categorically rejected her request.Hu Yan Ruolan could not help but shame, her eyes suddenly became slender pupils, emitting bursts of fascinating light, the voice is more soft, shyly said: "Do you want Nie away from his brother to be close to her sister?" Nie away pupil Slightly shrinking, bursts of fragrance introduced into the tip of the nose, if the skin in front of Huyan Lan issued a moist light, then the towering Yufeng, Alice's buttocks, no one is not full of temptation, I am afraid that any man saw this scene, Everyone will want to put this sexy temptation woman in front of youAlthough Hu Yan Ruolan kept a step away from Nie Li, there were various illusions in Nie Li’s mind. Hu Yan’s chest was tightly pressed against Nie’s chest. The soft, creamy touch seemed to be real.If Huyan Yan proudly holds his chest and looks at Nie Li with great interest, he will use my technique of charm to see how you can install it! If Hu Yan Lan felt that Nie Li refused her only to show her performance in front of Ye Zixuan, Nie Li’s heart was definitely lecherous. As long as she slightly displayed the technique of charm, Nie Li was obliged to stick it up. In Nie’s eccentric movement, a flash of light flashed in the eyelids, the pupil became clear and clear, and the illusion was broken.A little charm of the technique, you want to control the Nie Li, is too small to see Nie off, the charm of the art can only deal with those who are not strong enough mind, Nie left two people, the mood has long been a strong stone, but also Will it be so easily tempted? "Sakura demon spirit, did not think of Lan Ruo girl actually has such a rare demon!" Nie Li looked at Hu Yan LanHu Yan Lan Ruo Ru was stricken by Nie Li