This is what kind of enchanting ah! If Huyan Lan is now a silver two-star demon psychic teacher, her soul sea is a combination of snow cherry demon spirit, which is a very powerful and rare plant demon spirit deep in the ancestral ancestral mountains, will display a powerful charm witchcraftAll kinds of creatures will inevitably get close to Snowy Demon Spirit and then be devoured by it.The Huyan Lan Ruo that combines the snow sakura demon spirit, the enchanter of the same order of charm is a breezeAs long as Huyan Yan exerts some measures, there will be many men who are willing to be her flower ambassadors. The technique of charm of Yan Lulao has always been unfavorable, but she did not expect that she has failed today! Not only was the skill of seeing the charms broken, but also the other person saw her demon spirit at a glance. The little boy opposite was also too enchanting, right? Sakura Daimon is a kind of dear spirit that her grandpa caught her very much. Most people never heard of it, let alone know the snow cherry's ability and origin.If Hu Yan Lan is struck by lightning, he is unable to speak for a long time.The key to the problem is that the other person is actually a young boy with less than a bronze star! There are two kinds of people who can not be influenced by the technique of charm. One is that the mind is pure and there is no trace of impurities, such as children within five years of age, and the other is those who read the vicissitudes of life and are well aware of the technique of charm. StrongNie Li is 13 years old. It is reasonable to say that he already knows something about men and women. It is impossible to be as pure as a child. It can only be the second.However, how is this possible? If Hu Yan-lan estimated that he would never think of it, the boy’s body opposite lies with the soul of a super-strong man.And this super strong, even beyond the legendaryAfter seeing Huyan Ruolan's look, Nie smiled a faint smile and left, passing by the side of Huyan Lanjao.“Nie left, is it not beautiful if it is Yanyan?” Ye Ziyan looked at Nie Li and looked like a curious baby.Under that temptation, Nie actually refused, and Nie had nothing special to hide from it. Nie Li looked at Ye Zixuan with a smile and said: “If Huyan Lan is beautiful, but how can you compare with you?” Hearing Nie Li and his mouth full of running trains, Ye Zi rubbed his feet and said: “I can’t compare with Huyan Lanruo. People who like Huyan Lanruo can go for more!” Ye Zixuan knows, even in the Snow Family, there are also several cousins ​​who like to call Huyan Lanruo.Nie Li understands that Ye Zixuan is referring to his figure and Ye Zixuan's temperament and beauty. They all far exceed Huyan Lanruo. However, considering the figure, he is much less beautiful than Huyan Lanruo.Nie laughed and smiled up and down and looked at Ye Zixi. If it were another few years later, Ye Zixiu's figure would not be inferior to Hu Yanlan. Only Nie Li knew that Ye Ziyan was so sexy and beautiful.Ye Zixuan will not be as sexy as Huyan Lan if they want to advertise the sexy temptation, but that kind of elegance is not what Huyan Lan can match.Seeing the different meaning of Nie's eyes, there is also a look of color, and Ye Zi’s lips are slightly displeased.Nie was a good friend of this person. As far as she goes, she never thought about it.Ye Ziyan is now only thinking of practicing. She wants to be a legendary spirit master like her grandfather! Nie Li sent her nine ice phoenixes and made her closer to her dream. So in the bottom of my heart, she was very grateful to Nie Yi.If it was another boy who was so frivolous about her, it wasn’t quite right. I’m afraid she’d soon turned away.If Hu Yan Lan looked back at Nie Li's back, he said arrogantly: "I don't believe it, and even you are so a little boy can't surrender!" If Hu Yan-Lan was a bit embarrassed, couldn't her charm be so much worse than Ye Zixi? If Hu Yan Lan turned his head and pointed at Nie, he shouted to all the people next to him: "Nie Li, one day, I will let you be the minister of my skirt! The girl has decided, I will pursue this boy. Later, This kid is mine, whoever wants to move him to ask this girl to disagree! Whoever wants to grab me, I don't finish anymore!” Everyone was blindsided when he heard the announcement of Huyan’s domineering arrogance. Looking at Huyan LanruIf Hu Yan Lan actually want to fall down to pursue Nie Li? The people looked strangely at Nie Li and looked at Huyan Lanruo again.For a beautiful woman like Huyan Lanruo, if he flutters his fingers, many men will fly up like flies. However, if Hu Yan Lan actually takes Nie away, this is too strange.If you hear Huyan Lanruo, Nie can't help laughingYe Zixuan looked at Nie Li with a smile, and Nie Li had a lot of peach blossoms. First, Xiao Ning'er took the initiative to send breakfast, and then he was called back and Lan Ruo chase after him. It really cannot be seen that Nie Li is so attractive.The announcement of Huyan Lanruo stirred up a thousand layers of waves and became the talk of everyone. Even Chen Linjian could not help but be surprised.The team marched all the way through several mountains"Nie Li, this is apricot cake, do you want to eat?" "Nie Li, you are not tired, do you want me to lay a mat for you to rest?" Hu Yan Lan from time to time as if ghosts appear in Nie away , from time to time to get together, busty chest from time to time to join in Nie's arm, bursts of fragranceIf you change to other boys and be so teased by such a sexy and plump beauty, I’m afraid that if you couldn’t hold back anymore, you would eat Huyan Lanruo.However, if Hu Yan’s seduce, for Nie Li, it’s really an annoying annoyance."I said, can you not be so annoying, go and go, what to do? Go a little further!" Nie waved his hand and impatientlyIf Yan Yan's beautiful eyelids are slightly flushed, how has she been treated like this? Is Nie away a blind man? Is it so blind to her beauty? If Hu Yan-Lan wants to be more reluctant, the more he wants to be more discouraged, flings his mat to the ground and turns away."Call, finally quiet!" Nie was relieved, this troublesome woman finally leftBut without taking a few steps, Hu Yan Lan turned his head again: “If Nie is thirsty or thirsty, I still have good apricots here.“If you hear the words of Yanyan, if Nie Li is about to collapse, is this woman a leather plaster? How can you leave it?” “You can't be so boring, are you busy?” "Nie turned his eyesIf Hu Yan Lan blinked, his eyes blinked and said, "I found I was a little fond of you. Although you don't like me now, it doesn't matter. A beautiful girl like me, who doesn't like it? When you're blind now, you won't find out how long you will find me beautiful and lovely!" "You're the one who looks at your eyes!" Nie Li spits out a murky air, and quickly walks away.This woman is simply not saving! Of course, Nie Li does not think that Hu Yan-Lan really likes himself. If Hu Yan-Lan estimates that it is only fun, it will not be long before she feels it is not fun and she will naturally leave.Nie Li ran to the side of Ye Zixuan. Ye Ziyan was his favorite, whether it was a past life or this life.Next to Ye Zixi, a few girls smiled and looked at Nie Li, talking in a whisper.“Is this person the one who was called Yanlan if he was chasing after him?” “Is it pretty and pretty?” “If Yan Lian Lan is supposed to be enough!” Hearing their words, Nie could not help but sweat a lot. whereYe Zixuan looked up at the embarrassed Nie Li and said lightly, "Why didn't you get along with Huyan Lan?" "Zi Zi, you know, I have absolutely nothing to do with her!" Nie is not smiling, but Hu Yan is a simple one. **Frustration, if Ye Zixie misunderstood anything, then he would be depressed.“What does this have to do with me?” Ye Zixuan shrugged and turned away. Her mouth was slightly upturned, showing a peek of laughter. She saw Nie from embarrassing. She thought it was still quite interesting.Nie opened his mouth and opened his mouth. At the end, he did not say anything. He looked at Ye Ziying's tender back and felt depressed. When did he like the previous generation to embrace this attractive beauty girl in his arms? There is a long way to go! Or improve the strength first, in a few years, the city of glory will face the threat of evil beasts, and even Ye Ziyan's grandfather legend Ye Hui Spirituality Ye Mo also died, Nie Li must reach the legendary realm before that, this For him, it is also a great challenge. After all, the time is too short.He must use all means and means to enhance his strength, including the remnants of this visit to Quran City! He must get that lantern! In the next few days, Nie Li continued to refine and absorb the soul power that had been plundered from Chu Yuan. However, if this woman was too annoyed, even when Nie Liya was practicing cultivation, he would not hesitate to keep close to Nie Li’s side. Nie Li Can only selectively disregard herWalking through the mountains and mountains for two days, through a deep gorge passageway, a plain in the far valley appeared in their sights.This is a relic of an ancient city that occupies several hundred kilometers of the local area. Many places have been covered by dense forests, leaving only some mottled walls.From time to time the ruins of the wretched monsters are heard in the rubble. Those who are above the golden level have already left and remain in the remains of this ancient city. At most they are bronze or silver-grade monsters.The ruins before this dark era vaguely tell the glory of mankindWhen you see the broken walls and scattered bones, everyone feels a hint of desolateness.If one day, the City of Light is broken by the Wicked, it will be the same as the ruins, leaving only the bones and broken walls.In the Dark Age, Wicked Animals have destroyed all the empire of mankind. Only some survivors are still fighting against Wicked Animals. However, many human civilizations have been destroyed in that catastrophe.For example, in the City of Lights, many power methods, martial arts, and patterns are incomplete. If you explore these remnants of ancient ruins, it is possible to get some items left before the Dark Ages! The neon spirit that Nie wanted to find was a powerful item left by a legendary demon psychic before the Dark Age!