Before Nie Li and others came here, various families have already explored the ruins of the city of Quran, but unfortunately there is not much to discover. After that, few people came to explore.Chen Linjian did not know where to get a map of the ruins of the city of Quran, which decided to come to the group."Finally, we have two roads to choose from, and this is a map!" Chen Linjian spread the map and pointed to some of the above lines.Everyone around this map, discussing"The first line is from the west gate. Walking along the city wall, you can enter the main city very quickly. But what can you find on this road? We must of course enter the private houses in the city in order to gain something!" said Chen Linjian, a man."I agree with him!" "Yeah, we should check out this residential area!"Chen Linjian was silent for a moment and looked up at Nie Li and asked, “What do you think?” The crowd was a little surprised. I didn’t expect Chen Linjian to seek opinions from Nie Li at this time.Ye Zixuan's clear eyes looked at Nie Li and Hu Yan Lan also stared at Nie Li.Now everyone is very concerned about Nie's opinion.Nie Lichaochang said: "If you come here just to search this piece of private house, you are very wrong. People who come before us must have searched for these houses. When we search again, we may find nothing. A city, the richest man is it? Is it a civilian? Of course not, a city of 90% of the wealth are gathered in the hands of the family of the family!" "This city is a radius of hundreds of miles, so many houses, many places have been Destroyed, how do we know which one is the place where the family lives?” Shen Yue countered, and he would refute all Nie Li’s words."You continue to say!" Chen Linjian looked at Nie Li in a meaningful way. He apparently agreed with Nie Li's inference.“It is actually very simple to find a place where people live together. This map shows where the density of the buildings is the most sparse. Where is that! The general family and family will have their own independent courtyard!” Nie Li continued.Everyone's eyes fell on the map"It is here!" Hu Yan Lan said in surprise“Yes, it should be here. Many of the buildings here are very large!” Chen Linjian frowned. “This area has already been searched. Although some good things have been discovered, but not many! Some people have already put this area. Digging the ground, but also did not find a place like the secret room!" "I said, you can think of, others have already thought! You think that the shining city so many families are not a vegetarian!" Shen Yue LaughteredNie wrinkled his brow and stared at Shen Yue: "Can you shut up when I speak? If you're so smart, let's you talk about it?" Shen Yue was trying to refute, but he saw Chen Linjian glanced at Shen Yue and was cold. He grunted: "Shut up!" Shen Yue opened his mouth, and finally closed his mouth in dismay. Although he was the sacred line of the sacred family, he could not compare with Chen Linjian on his status. He did not borrow ten courageously. Dare to refute Chen Linjian“This area has been searched, and it is normal. We then look at the map. This ethnic group is in the middle of the axis of the city, because it is the safest and most secure place in the city of Ko Lan."Nie Li pointed to the area behind the family's family." This area should be the seat of the city's main government! "Shen and Yue nodded their heads. Nie departed from the assumptions that have been made so far. But even the city owners, those who came first have searched, including under the ground, or have not discovered too much."“We continue to look at the map. It is only a few hundred meters away from the city’s main government. There are three areas. What do these three areas do?” asked Nie Li to Chen Linjian.“In these three areas, there is a school field where the landlord trained. There is a dense stone fortress built. There is nothing in it. All of them are built with black marble, and they cannot be cut. I do not know what to do, just next to the stone fortress, weeds and forests!" Chen Lin Kendao, before he came here, the map of the city of Golan has become familiar with understandingHearing the words of Chen Linjian, Nie Xiao smiled and said, “It's almost the same as my judgment!” Chen Linjian said with a bright eye and said: “You mean, these three places are suspicious? Is it a stone fortress? But there Searched!" "The stone fortress should be a sanctuary for disasters. When the Wicked Animals come, they will surely enter this stone fortress to escape. There may be some darkroom hidden treasures near the stone fortress. The open space is obviously a trap area. It is used to resist the evil beast. If you enter here to investigate, you may not know how to die.And I think the most suspicious place should be this school field! "Nie laughs lightly"Why the most suspicious place is this school?" The school yard is a muddy open space. It is a square for military training. What are the suspicious places? “The most inconspicuous place is often the safest place! What's more, this city-owner has actually arranged the school field on the central axis of the city. This should not be simple. Under the school field, it is very likely that something very important is hidden!” Nie Pointing away from the map, "We'll go to this neighborhood first, search for it first!" "Ah! It's so decided!" Chen Linjian put together the map and smiled a bit. Since they have decided on the direction, they can save it. Less time, less take a lot of detoursIn the eyes of Chen Linjian's men and women looking at Nie Li’s eyes, they all had a slightest admiration. At this time, no one had looked down on Nie, and it was a matter of course that Nie had to choose a treasure.If Hu Yan Lan raised his head and blinked in the eyelids, Nie departed from her strict reasoning, which made her very convinced. She faintly felt that Nie Li was not simple. Otherwise, how could a Bronze Star disregard her charm? ? "The man I chose must be not simple!" Hu Yanlan thought proudly, though Nie completely ignored her, but she still identified Nie Li.If Nie Li knows Huyan Lanruo’s thoughts, he must burst into tears. What should be the limelight! After being stuck on this leather candy, I'm afraid I can't afford to leave it! Ye Zi grinned, and the touching style left Nie to stay. Ye Ziyan's smiles all had a unique familiar taste.Seeing Nie's divorced spirit and his appearance, Hu Yan Lan must be mad. She was such a sexy and beautiful girl standing in front of Nie Li. Nie Li looked like a glance. Too abhorrent! Nie Li, I hate you! Nie Licai was too lazy to be in charge of Huyan Yan’s heart. He took out the arrow from his backpack and took out the Atractylodes herbal agent and spread it on the arrow.“Nie Li, what are you doing?” Huyan Lanru and Ye Ziyan looked puzzled at Nie Li’s departure.Nie Li shrugged and said: "Nothing!" "Well, let's start!" Chen Lin Jianhe shouted, the team slowly marched towards the city of Golan, they walked along the edge of the wall, the choice is relatively fast and safe the wayIf you follow the original road, I am afraid it will be very difficult, because some areas with complex terrain often hide a lot of evil animalsThe sound of screech beasts came from the remains of the ancient city of Golan. Apart from the beasts, there were occasionally some people passing in groups. They all came from the City of Glory and came to explore the remains of the city of Goran. peopleWhen Chen Linjian, Nie Li and others went deep into the city of Goran, a group of people appeared at the entrance to the city of Goran.This group of people were wearing black robes, a total of fifteen people"Are you sure that the boys are all nobles?" A black robe governed the leader and glanced at the next few people. He was tall and taller than the others."Yes, Yunhua Deacon!" next to a black robe responded“Very good!” Yunhua’s deacon showed a sly grin and said, “Take back the three noblest people and exchange those ransoms with the family nobles. All others will get rid of it!” The Dark Society is the glorious color of the glorious city. The existence of change often abducts the family’s children in exchange for ransoms. They are like a group of otter, living in the gloom of the glorious city, amassing money through various dark methods, and providing guild members with cultivation resources.Although several families of the City of Glory jointly united several times to fight against the Dark Society, whenever they wanted to clear the Dark Guild, the Dark Guild seemed to disappear out of thin air.It is said that the headquarters of the Dark Society was hidden in a very secret place in the ancestral mountain range. It was a very powerful and terrible force. Even Ye Moi adults could not eradicate it completely.Hey, these black robes rushed to the depths of the city of Golan.Inside the ruins of Quran CityNie Li and others marched with difficulty all the way. From time to time, the ruins plucked a huge giant clam that was two meters tall. The stout arm was like a black iron post, but it was extremely flexible. And basically all silverSix big-armed giant clams flew in the wreckage of the broken wall, far behind with Nie Li et al.These great-armed giants have a tremendous amount of wisdom. When they see more than 30 people here, they dare not come. They only wait for opportunities from afar."These big arms are really annoying!" Chen Lin said with a frown. Although these pale arm giants are not rushed to attack, they also have no way to use the pale arm giants, and as time goes by, the pale arm giant will meet. More and more, once the number of tailed giants is increasing, they will attack them.At this moment, only a bang, a Hanmang across the shadow of the cornerChen Linjian and others quickly saw it. It was an arrow. The arrow shot through a gap between the branches in a very tricky direction and ran towards one of the pale arm giants.The arrow shot a large arm of the pale arm, and the great arm of the pale arm wailed down from the high wall in the distance, slamming into the dust of the sky.The great arm of the great arm was struggling on the ground, but he could not climb it.When Chen Linjian saw this, he immediately ran up and swung the sword and slammed it, and the cry of the great arm of the great arm was splashed and died on the ground.The people looked back in a horror and discovered that Nie was walking out of the shadows.