Among the many effects of the purple grass, there is a role that it has a strong toxicity to the monsters of the apes, and it is very difficult for the ape beasts in the silver class to resist the medicinal properties of the purple grass."『『』 One thing falls in the world! Nie Li was only an arrow and he shot a great-armed giant cockroach. The hearts of the people were puzzled and surprised.Only Huyan Lanru and Ye Zixuan knew that Nie Lie applied some kind of pharmacy on the tip of the arrow.Even so, it's a very difficult thing to be able to shoot the giant arm of the blue arm with such ease.After seeing Nie Li shooting the Cangbi giant cricket with the arrowhead, Chen Linjian shouted: "Everybody takes out the bow!" Chen Linjian's men of the army have come up with bows and they can use bows to encircle the pale arm. Giant! Shen Yue also took out the bow, looking at the exquisite bow in his hand, he was a little uncomfortable, and why Nie from anything stronger than him? Since Nie Li appeared, he felt that he was getting farther away from Ye Zixuan. Ye Zixuan now totally ignored his existence. On the contrary, he looked at Nie away and saw him go crazy.Just how to shoot a giant arm of a pale arm, how complicated can it be? Shen Yue installed the arrows on the tap, and the cat slowly walked up to a wall and directed the bow to a large arm of the great arm of the distance. His expression was extraordinarily serious and focused. Aligned with the Great ClamAt this time everyone's eyes were focused on Shen Yue's body on the wall, holding his breath"The great goal of the pale armor isn't so difficult to hit it!" Shen Yue pulled the trigger, and when he pulled the trigger, he unconsciously shook it.嗖 嗖 嗖 寒 嗖 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒 寒Shen Yue's face twitched and his face was hard to seeWhen we saw this scene, everyone looked weird and grinned. If they both laughed, Shen Yue really couldn't see anyone.They understand that Shen Yue wants to compete with Nie, but he can do it. Can he not be so funny? Shen Yue is almost crazy. He obviously feels he can shoot. Why did he miss the trigger? Seeing the smiles of those people around him, Shen Yue feels extremely disgraceful, and vaguely, he seems to see the faint smile in Ye Zixuan's eyes. It is a kind of despise! Yes, I didn’t believe it. Shen Yue immediately took the second arrow and continued to fill it. He hurriedly filled the arrows and immediately aimed at the distant arm of the Cangba.The arrow crossed a Hanmang in the air, but after a moment it was like losing strength and falling to the ground.Shen Yue did not fill the arrow well, so the arrow flew out of the sky a little distance.At this moment, everyone finally couldn't help laughing.Shen Yue’s technology is simply not relevant, and she has to learn how to kill Nie Li’s armor, and the result turns out to be effective. It’s a funny thing to Shen Yue. Chen Linjian resisted the smile and went to Shen Yue's side. He patted Shen Yue's shoulder and said: "Shen Yue brothers, or forget it, this thing you can't play!" Shen Yue's face rose into a purple The voice of everyone laughing at him, especially harshHe hated Nie increasingly. Nie Lie let him lose such a big face in front of everyone! If Nie Li knew Shen Yue’s thoughts at the moment, he would definitely feel very innocent. He did nothing! Shen Yue held the bow and did not receive it. He did not collect it, and he could not wait to get into the ground.In the past, Shen Yue was very haughty and ridiculed Nie Yi. When he thinks of this, Nie Li reveals a sneer from the corner of his mouth and says lightly: “Some things, not what I can do, you can do!” Hearing Nie Li, The anger in Shen Yue’s heart suddenly broke out. He screamed at Nie Li: “Everything is your fault, I'm going to kill you!” Shen Yue’s face was exposed and he raised his hand and directed at Nie Li’s. Nearly crazy, as a family of sacred families, Shen Yue’s heart is very haughty. Under the excitement of Nie, he has almost lost his sense of reason.With a bang, Chen Linjian flew out of Shen Yue’s hand and took a sip: “Enough!” Looking up at Chen Linjian's look of indifference, Shen Yue lost his soul, and everyone now stands in Nie From this side, he turned around in resentmentEveryone looked at the back of Shen Yue, and they talked about one after another."I did not expect Shenyue to be such a person!" "There is no cultivation of aristocrats!" NIE left his eyes cold, and he thought of the sacred family of the previous world fleeing the city and fled. What Shen Yue did was like this kind of person and family. It is shattered. Nie Li will not feel pity at all! Ye Zixuan looked at Shen Yue’s backsliding and walked to Nie’s side and said: “Nie Li, Shen Yue is also very poor.Hearing Ye Zixuan's words, Nie Li frowned. He did not expect Ye Zixuan to sympathize with Shen Yue. Ye Zixuan said that he was too soft. He would agree to a marriage contract with Shen Yue’s alleged entreaties and the two did not get married. Shen Yue escaped the city with the sacred family and escaped.What kind of person is worthy of sympathy?Nie spoke with anger in his midst and stared at Ye Zixuan with a harsh tone: "What is he worthy of misery? From now on, don't you have any contact with him. If you don't, you don't want to come to see me like this scumbag. It's also a matter of death!” Hearing Nie’s stern rebuke, Ye Zi’s groaned dumbly. You’re not my boyfriend. Why should I not contact other people? Although I thought so, Ye Zixuan finally made a choice. , will no longer be in contact with Shen Yue later, otherwise, it may not be possible to make friends with Nie Lilian.Faintly, she seems to be very concerned about the views of Nie Li, but she did not understand a bit, Nie Yi why so hatred Shen Yue, is it true that the hatred between two people is not a heaven? Nie Changchang took a sigh of relief. Just now he was so excited that the tone was a bit harsh, but he told Ye ZixuanChen Linjian’s men are using arrowheads to deal with the pale armor, but they found out that their arrows are not at all the canopies. Although they are huge, they are very agile and can immediately Dodge so that their arrows have failedThey discovered that how good Nie Li's archery is.After discovering Nie Li’s ability, Hu Yan Lan looked to Nie’s eyes and swayed with his spring feelings. From time to time, he took a variety of swearing postures, showing amazing curves and towering Yufeng. And deep ravinesNie away is silent on this woman. She can always spring at anytime and anywhere. Huyan, if facing other people, is a look of indifference, but it seems to be particularly interested in Nie Li."Nie from the brothers, next will be more trouble for you!" Chen Linjian said with emotion, everyone inside, also Nie Li was able to shoot the pale arm giant."Ah!" Nie Li slightly decapitatedNie Li began to clean up the Cangzhi giant crickets along the way. His archery was accurate enough to be a straight arrow. His archery had reached the point where he had achieved the ultimate goal. Although he is now only reaching the bronze star, he has to deal with ordinary silver. The evil beast is more than enoughFor Nie Li’s archery, everyone is just amazingEven if it is a silver-class strong person, it may not be that difficult to escape from the arrow of Nie Li. Regardless of how the great-armed giant quail escapes, the arrows are sent to the shadows and are sent toDo not know when to start, Nie Li has become one of the core characters of this team.Just as Nie Li and others slowly approached their destinations, the large cymbals around them suddenly rose and there were more than 20. They looked at Nie Li and others.A deafening roar sounded, and the entire ground trembled violently.The eardrum is like to be shattered and everyone looks at each other"It is a spirit-level evil beast!"The general demon beasts are divided into bronze, silver, gold, black gold, and legendary ranks like humans. However, in each rank, there are ordinary, spiritual-level, and king-level monsters, such as the great-armed giant cricket and the common pale-armed giant. The embarrassment is that we cannot have a demon spirit in our minds. The demon spirits have already formed in the spirit-sized arm of the pale-armed giant. They often have wisdom that is not inferior to that of a human being in their teens, and their strength is stronger than that of an ordinary pale arm. manyAs for the kings, the demon spirits in their minds have already liquefied their liquids. They can simply change the human body to humanoid forms and their strength is very scary.“What strength?” Chen Lin changed his color and asked in surprise"Silver five stars, only a little bit away from the gold level!" Nie separated from the road, from the loud voice of that pale arm, Nie Li confirmed the strength of the other side.Nie Li slightly frowned, the same level of Wicked animals are often stronger than humans, and especially the Cangzhi giant clams this higher Wicked animal, is very difficult to deal with, this spirit-level Cangbi giant cockroaches may have strength A gold-level power is quite strongTaking Nie away from the current strength, it is too difficult to deal with such a monster.As for the team of Chen Linjian, the strongest is Samsung Silver! The silver five-star strength, Chen Linjian frowned slightly, did not expect to actually meet here with the spirit-level pale arm giant, but also silver five-star, I am afraid it will be very difficult to deal withThere are also many ordinary Cangzhi giants around this area. If they really fight, it's possible that they will all be destroyed! In the distance, the great-great-great-great-great dragonfly swept the wall and stood on the wall staring at Nie Li and others.“Come and follow me!” Nie Li shouted and ran into the jungle next to him.The people looked at each other and followed them behind Nie Li and hid in the jungle.The great-great-great-great-armed, giant-armed arrogant arrogant arrogant stunned the roar of his voice, and a group of ordinary pale-armed giant cymbals listened to the command of the spirit-level ape, and surrounded him in the direction of Nie Li and others.Entering the dense bush forest, the large-bodied pale arm giant is not so convenient"Lindang!" Chen Linjian yelped and a group of silver-class strongmen quickly relied on the thick trees around them to form a circle and they pulled out weapons.A giant Cangba rushed over and Nie quickly smashed an arrow and fired an arrow.u