Nie Li’s arrows are extremely accurate, and the screams of screams from the big arms of the pale arm hit by arrowsThe purple toadstool's toxins make them unable to resist. Chen Linjian and other silver-class swords rise from the hands of the sword.The blood lasing, the blood of the Taoist corps, etc.Nie Li understands that this is just a temptation of the great-great-great-armed giant armor. The intelligence of the spirit-class apes and monsters is very amazing and the fighting power is also very scary.The heart was faint and uneasy, and in the past, when Ye Zixuan came to explore the ruins of Quran City, he did not encounter the spirit-level whelps. Nie Li desperately refined the soul power that Tangtian had plundered from Chu Yuan. If he could reach the bronze two-star, It's much safer"We took it in the direction of the fortress!" cried Nie Lichen. The fortress had more defensive measures, and they could use it to fight against this mighty armor.The great-great-great-armed giant python rushed wildly, swung stout arms, and slaps a hand toward Chen Linjian’s fan.The big arm of that pale arm shot in the man's abdomen. The man screamed and flew out. He slammed on a big tree, spitting blood and falling down.Chen Linjian's men are silver two stars. The attacking power of this great-great-great-armed armor is so terrifying that he actually slaps a silver two-star strong man. These people have experienced such a battle, one by one. Fear of oblivionThe great-great-great-great-armed giant cricket did not hurry to attack after killing one person. He just wandered outside and watched as he was ready to make a surprise attack."No, this guy is too strong, and it's the leader of the great-great-armed clan, and its buzz will attract more and more big arms!" Nie frowned and said, "Our goal is too big. , must be dispersed!" Chen Lin Jian frown slightly, Shen Sheng said: "Well, we are divided into six teams, in that collection of fortresses!" Everyone quickly dispersedHuyan Lanruo and Ye Ziyan are all with Nie Li. There are also two followers and a girl who is familiar with Ye Zixi.Hey, the six teams are running in different directions.The great-great-great-armed giant cymbals were slowly preparing to slay Nie and others one by one, but they did not expect Nie Li and others to suddenly split into six teams. They rushed in different directions. After a pause, Zhao Nie was away. Other people chased after thisNie smiled, and luck wouldn't be so bad. They had so many people divided into six groups of horses. The great-great-great-armed giants were only staring at them! "You go first, quick!" Nie Lichen gave a cry, taking out a few bottles of purpurea made from the space ring.Ye Zixuan paused for a moment and saw that Nie Li was facing the back of the great-looking Cangwu giant cockroach. Her heart was suddenly touched.If Huyan Lan was also slightly red-eyed, in this dangerous moment, Nie Li did not think of running away but helped them in the back of the house. Her heart was filled with emotions."Fast, don't grind! Don't worry about me, I have my own way!" Nie shouted, "You run apart, otherwise no one can live!" Ye Ziyan and Huyan Lan gritted their teeth, tears flashed in the eyes, a little hesitation After a while, I entered the jungleThe spirit-sized pale arm giant slams a giant palm towards Nie and shoots it up.Seeing that the great-great-great-great-great-armed giant cicada was about to shoot himself, Nie suddenly fell to the ground and rolledThe great palm of the great-great-great-armed giant cymbal was shot in the position where Nie Li had previously stood. The ground suddenly burst open and cracked, and the gravel splattered. Hey, two gravels were scraping at Nie Li's arm, and the blood lasing.The great-great-great-great-great-armed scorpion squats and wiggles his arm to repel Nie once again.Nie deviates from the eyebrows, and he understands where the weaknesses of the great arm of the pale armor are, and the soul power emerges through the body, and instantly feels the demon spirit in the spirit-headed giant armpit, the pale arm of the giant arm It is a hemispherical protective film that covers its head“Give me a break!” Nie shouted, and all the souls were bunched up, slamming into the head of this great-looking, pale armor.The demon spirit in the mind of the great-great-great-great-great-great-headed quake kept shaking and its action was still in place.Nie Li understands that he is not an opponent of this great-looking, pale-armed giant. After all, he is still only a bronze two-star. Even if he can't use swords, he can't break the body of this great-great-great-armed armor. He only uses soul power to attack. While slamming this giant-great-great-armed python, he leaped up and rushed toward the jungle.The spirit-sized pale arm giant was caught by the spirit of Nie Li and bombarded the demon spirit in his mind. The consciousness was chaotic. It kept shaking its head and everything in front of the confusion gradually became clear.When it was clear, Nie had run away.The great-great-great-armed cockroach snarled furiously in angrily, and stepped toward Nie away from here as if rolling and thundering, blocking a tree planting in front of him and making it fly out.Nie ran wildly all over the road, and saw that it was being chased more and more by this great-great-great-armed armor. His heart was anxious. He tried to drill to the dense woods.Just before Nie Li rushed out of the jungle, a team of horses appeared in front of him.This is a group of black robes, their faces are completely covered by black robes, only revealing a little chin, behind the black robe behind the big black demon pattern terribleTheir eyes fell on Nie Li's body. He flashed a little strangely. Nie left a child and did not know what to do here. And how did such a child come here? They were attracted by the screams of the great-great-great-armed giant cymbals. They were looking for signs of Chen Linjian and others along the way. They did not expect to meet Nie Li here.Seeing their costumes, Nie had a flash of coldness in his eyes. He naturally knew that these black robes were the darkest group of people in the glorious city, the dark guild! "This kid may be one of the children of the nobility, seize him!" the leader of the Yunhua chief shouted, and the two black robes clashed up against Nie.Seeing this scene, Nie suddenly revealed a strange smileAfter a fierce earthquake on the ground, the giant, large-scaled, pale-armed cymbal rushed out of the jungle and immediately snarled and rushed towards Nie.Nie immediately ran wild and rushed toward those black robes.Seeing this tower's general spirit-class pale-armed giant rushed up, all the people in the black robe were slightly disguised, and they were all ready to withstand the impact of the spirit-class pale-armed giants.The great-great-great-great-armed giant found these people and thought that it was with Nie Li and his partner. He suddenly roared up in fury, and he flew himself up and flew toward Nie Yi.Seeing that the great-great-great-great-great-armed giant cockroaches fling Nie away, Nie Li rushed out to the sideThe giant palm of the great-great-great-armed armor was almost rubbed against the back of Nie's back, and the whistling power wiped the back of the Nie away from the burning fire.Fortunately, Nie from the reaction was sensitive enough to not be attacked, otherwise Nie was afraid to be seriously injured.The great-great-great-armed cymbals tumbling toward the black robes"Kill it!" Yunhua Deacon shouted coldly and one by one took his sword to the giant armOh! A fierce confrontationSeeing that the great-great-great-armed python and those of the dark guilds were fighting, Nie Li blew a long breath and a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth: “This great-great-great-armed giant cymbal was sent to you, and I Take a step!” Nie Li, disregarding his injuries, plundered and rushed toward the woods.This spirit-sized armor is very powerful and these dark guilds can’t get rid of it in a short period of time.Yunhua’s deacon’s face was ironed by a kid, which was simply intolerable.Nie Li is looking for the trail of Ye Zixuan in the jungle. She is anxious and hopes that Ye Zixuan will not have any troubles.At this time, Nie Li suddenly saw a figure emerged from the bush, not Ye Zixuan who? "How are you still here?" Nie frowned and asked, Ye Ziyan did not hear him leave! "I'm worried that you are in trouble. I've been trying to pick you up!" Ye Zixuan saw Nie away from her bloody wounds, his face showing a color of concern.Nie Li understands that Ye Zixuan had no feelings for men and women for him at the moment, but when he was in danger, she still came back and she did not want to leave.This reminded Nie to remember the past life. After the glorious city was destroyed, they followed the transfer of large units. Nie had a very weak strength and fell behind. Ye Zixuan turned to save him back.Ye Ziyan's noble character, at that moment really touched Nie LiLater, more and more people came in contact with each other. Although the power is very different, they eventually fell in love with each other.Nie was moved by Centrifuge and said nothing. He said: "We must hurry to go. Otherwise, those people should catch up!" "Those people?" Ye Zi stunned."It was the dark guild. They stopped the big arm of that pale arm!" Nie Li said, pulling the jade hand of Ye Zixuan rushed away.The two ran wild between the jungles and swept awayPulled by Nie Li, Ye Ziyan struggled with his cheeks blushing, but he couldn't break away. Only Nie Li was allowed to do this. She looked up at Nie Li's side face, wondering whether Nie Li was involuntarily or intentionally.From small to large, she was still held by a boy for the first time! Nie’s warmth from her palm gives her a very solid feeling of security.Both men rushed all the way to the agreed placeThe sky was getting dark, and the beasts came from time to time in the depths of the jungle, which made it a bit more awe-inspiring.At this time, in the distant forestIf Hu Yan Lan shed tears, she went back and looked for Nie away. She found several times, but where was Nie Li's sight? The sky was getting dark, she could only go along with a few others and move toward the appointed place.Before she announced that she would chase Nie away, but her heart was not convinced, she still wanted to catch Nie Li and slammed Nie away, let Nie cried and begged her, but it wasn’t until she left her as her house. She found out that she had absolutely no thoughts. She just wanted to leave her good.The reason why Nie Li refused to block the spirit-class pale arm giant was not only for her, but also for Ye Zixuan, but Hu Yan-Lan automatically ignored Ye Zixuan.The location of the ~~ list is very important for a new book. Ask everyone for fire support! ! !