Nie Li, with Ye Zixiong, rushed all the way, escaping the ordinary pale arm giants along the way.△, if you continue to move forward, it is easy to run into danger“We camped in the same place!” Nie Li said to Ye Zixuan.Although she was in the dark night, Ye Zixuan still showed much more courage than the average girl. Her clear eyes looked deep into the jungle, and a shadow in the distance fell in her sight."What is that?" Ye Zixuan asked doubtfully."It's like a building!" Nie frowned slightly. It should be a broken building."Let's go and see!" Ye Zixuan walked towards the other side, and left alone with Nie, Ye Ziyan was still a little nervous, after all, she was still with a boy for the first time in the dark night, although she believed Nie Will not do anything to her, but my heart will inevitably jump to the ground and try to shift the attention of the two people.Nie Li followed Ye Zixuan and walked over there.“It could have been a statue here!” Nie Li said, and he didn’t know anything about the sculpture. It had broken down.There is vaguely remnant of civilization before the Dark Ages."What kind of text is this?" Ye Zixi asked Nie Yi.There was a stone monument at the end of the statue. Nie left the dust on the way to the top. With the bright moonlight, the text above was clear. “This is the word of the Holy Empire. It says: Follow me. You must be honored, and those who rebel against me must be destroyedGreat tone! This sentence should have been left by a certain tyrant. The tyrant’s power and power must have been extremely strong. But what about it? He and his empire were finally swallowed by the surging wave of wretched beasts. After a long period of time, it became a pile of loess and only left these broken statues.“Nie Li, how did you learn the words of the Holy Empire?” Ye Ziyan was full of curiosity about this matter, because the city of glory had a little knowledge of the words of the Holy Empire, so it was just a few people.“How did you learn?” Nie Li smiled. He could not say that my past life had spent hundreds of years studying the writings of the various spiritual and spiritual laws of the Holy Spirit in the book of Time and Space Spirit. "If you don't want to say it!" Ye Zidu dunedNie Li shrugged. This was not unwilling to say, but he said that Ye Zixuan would not understandYe Zixuan bypassed the statue and was preparing to look at another piece of ruins. Suddenly, she issued a shout of “ah”.Nie Li discovered that the place where Ye Zixie stood was rapidly collapsing. His face changed, and he suddenly screamed badly. He rushed up toward Ye Zixuan, but the ground collapsed even more, and a powerful suction underneath tore them down.The bottom is like a bottomless abyssHow could there be such a place in the city of Golan? Nie Li clutched Ye Zixuan tightly, took out a sword and nailed it to the side of the stone wall.After the sword got into the cliff, it snapped.The stone wall here is too hard! Where exactly is this place? Nie Li wanted to see what the following places were, but found that the bottom was dark and nothing could be seenAt this time, Ye Zizhuo slumped at a slow speed. He quickly took out a rope from the space ring and set it on the side of the stone wall where he raised it. He banged, pulling the rope and supporting the rock wall. onIce spider silk demon silk, no wonder there is such a big toughness! Nie was relieved. Although they felt the suction from below, they still reluctantly stopped.“Nie Li, where is this?” Ye Zixuan said nervously. She and Nie Li were hung in the air. The stone wall was too smooth to climb up."I don't know!" Nie smiled ruefully. He didn't know that there was still such a place in the ruins of the city of Quran. In the past life, he did not hear Ye Zixuan talk about it.They accidentally broke into the mystery of the city of Goran! Nie Yi remembered all that I had just, and suddenly realized that he had just read the sentence that he had just entered here. "We can only go down!" Nie left the road. It is impossible to go up anyway because the rock wall is too slippery to climb.Nie looked up and saw that under the moonlight, Ye Zixuan's nimble braid, slightly curled eyelashes, and glittering skin, there was a kind of indescribable attraction. The pink lip was like a thin layer of rouge. At this time, the two were closely affixed together, and faintly, the pair of leaves on the front of the chest could be felt. The fragrance of a girl cameYe Zixuan also felt the gesture of the two people, suddenly flushed"No tamper, I'll go first!" Ye Zixi quickly saidSeeing Ye Zixu's cramped appearance, Nie Li can't help but think that when the two men were close to each other in the past, they had a kind of heartfelt affection for Ye Zixuan. He very politely grabbed Ye Zixuan's waist with one hand and smiled slightly: “Catch me Let's go down together!" Nie left too much! Ye Zixuan felt that Nie Li's right hand was very upset with her buttocks and was very upset, but if she struggles, both of them may have to fall together! Nie is away from this villain and rogue! Ye Zizhuo whispered in his heart, but he could do nothing about it.I saw Ye Zixuan's indignant look. Nie Li smiled slightly. The soft touch that came from his hand made him lose his mind and pinch two times. Ye Ziyan's buttocks were already quite awkward. More rich"Nie Li, if you dare to make a move, I will fight with you. Let's fall together!" Even noble and graceful, like Ye Zixuan, can't help it. Xiu Mei is close to Nie Li."Well, I don't move!" Nie smiled. He remembered Ye Zixuan, who had lost his temper in his previous life. It was exactly the same. He slowly let go of the rope and the two slowly moved down together.After about ten minutes, Nie finally stepped on the ground and reluctantly released Ye Zixuan.Ye Ziying bite his teeth bitterly and scrabbles around to explore the surroundings. From small to large, she has never been so cheap. It is hateful that the next thing is like nothing happened. Look aroundMore and more eager, Ye Ziyan raised his ankle and stepped on Nie Li’s instep.“Yeah!” Nie took a cool breath and hung his feetSeeing Nie’s exaggerated appearance, Ye Zizhuo can't help but smile: “If you dare not be honest again, be careful I can't spare you!” Ye Zixuan's grinning appearance is more and more beautiful and moving, and Nie Li can see and stay, Ye Zixi. The smile is really a wild goose! Feeling that Nie had a strange look, Ye Zixuan quickly recovered his gaze and his cheeks were slightly hot. He did not know why, and his heart rate was a bit faster."Let's find a way out of the way, or we won't get out!" Ye Zixi said hurriedly."Yeah!" Nie away a bit of a look. He took the torch out of the space ring and looked through the fire. They seemed to have fallen into a certain underground palace. There were five or six passages. Do not know where to lead, like a deep labyrinthAs you can imagine, the interior of this maze is very largeNie Li found a line of text on the next rock"Air Phi Ling Ling sustenance!" Nie murmured, stunned. "This is the sacred empire of the emperor's empty graves!" "Empty the Great Emperor?" Ye Ziyan full of doubts"Correct"Nie liarled slightly." This is the most mysterious of the divine empire's history. As the emperor of the sacred empire, he actually used the word "mime" as its title. This is very strange.The emperor left the sacred empire when he was a middle-aged man and passed the throne to his son.Legend has it that he had practiced to a very amazing realm and had an immortal body. Later generations couldn't find his tomb. He did not expect him to be buried here.""Can someone really practice to immortality? "Ye Ziyan asked Nie to see"No, that's just a legend. Even if you practice to the realm of a legend, you can only live for two or three hundred years. After all, you can't escape the rebirth of heaven!" Nie laughed and smiled."The realm above the legend? What kind of realm is that?" Ye Ziyan is even more puzzled. In her mind, the legend is already the most powerful existence."You'll know it later!" Nie laughed and shook his head, not continuingYe Zixi was very puzzled. Is it possible that Nie Li has seen a more powerful existence than the legend. Nie Li, like her, has never walked out of the glorious city. Is it just from the books? Although doubts, Ye Zizhen did not continue to ask"This should be a maze. There may be something like a trapping agency.Although very depressing, Nie Li always spoke to himself with a little bit of command, like how much older than he was, but Ye Zixuan still nodded well-behaved: “Well!” Even Nie Li does not know, because now Ye Zixuan. It's hard to avoid the difference between the tone of speech and the previous world.“There are five or six lanes here. Should we go over there?” Ye Ziyan looked at the deep channels around him."It's very simple. We should go north. Because of the fate of empty Ming Great, his tomb must have been built facing the south!" "Why?" Ye Ziyan wondered. "Why the empty Tomb Emperor's tomb must be built facing south to the south." "" "That was written in the book of numerology in the Holy Age of Empires. Each type of lifeline has a kind of thing that is consistent with each other, including tombs, etc. The people of the Holy Empire believe this!" Nie said with a smile.In the book of the numerology of the Holy Age of Empires, Ye Zixuan could not help but mutter a sentence. How many books did Nie Li see in the end? "So which side is North? We are now underground. How can we tell the direction?” Ye Zixi asked.However, Nie Li smiled slightly: "It's easy to tell. The ancestral mountain range is north-south. Look at the texture of the stone and it's easy to tell the direction. Go to this side!" Nie Li walks toward one of the passages.u