There was a deep sense of frustration in Ye Zixuan's heart. She was the princess of the city government and the granddaughter of the legendary demon psychic teacher Ye Mo. She did not know how many secret books she had read from childhood to childhood and her knowledge was better than those of her peers. Much more, her heart was still a little bit proud, but compared to Nie’s demon, she felt she was too ignorant.It's no wonder that Ye Zixuan would have such an idea. Nie Li cannot use the eyes of ordinary peopleNie Li easily identified where the trap had been laid through the cracks on the stone wall and the laying of floor tiles on the ground."This level of organization is almost no difficulty!" After Nie had left for a distance, he picked up a stone from the ground and threw a five or six meter forward, slamming it and smashing it in one of the green bricks. onThe dense arrows in the front passage flew all over the place. It was almost like a rainstorm. The arrowheads of those arrows flashed with green light.All of them are poisoned arrows, and Ye Ziyan's Qiaolian is slightly pale. It is conceivable that if they continue to walk past, they will be miserable if they accidentally trigger the organs.With such a long distance, how did Nie Li find the institution? "Well, we can go!" Nie said with a smile and said to Ye Zixuan.Although he was in the dark path of the institution, Ye Zixuan had a feeling that as long as he was behind Nie, she would be safe. No problem was a problem! Looking at the back of Nie Li, although Nie Li is still slightly thin, it gives people a sense of prudence.Ye Zixuan lowered her head and didn't know what she was thinking about. Perhaps, it was not bad with Nie Li. However, she quickly shook her head and drove the idea out.What is she thinking? The children of Gelinger had a soft spot for Nie Li, so only a few days later, Huyan Lan said that he would chase Nie Li.How many girls did Nie leave this big radish? She does not believe that Nie Li likes her only! Ye Zixuan proudly raised her head, she would not be as shallow as other girlsBoth figures marched all the way to the depths of this passage.When Nie Li and Ye Zixi explored the route together, they were out in the jungle."Is a group of waste, actually letting the heavy arm of the great arm to run away!" Yunhua Deacon gravely cursed, the spiritual level of evil animals often have a demon spirit, even if just silver spirits, can sell At least hundreds of thousands of demon soul money! As a result, six people were injured, leaving the great arm of the pale arm to run away. This is really depressing! The most angry thing for them is that Nie is away. If Nie Li doesn’t bring that great-great-great-armed giant to come, they will not be so miserable."Well, a giant arm of a pale arm, it is definitely worth more than those family members! Search for me, if you do not catch people don't come back to see me!" Yunhua Deacon uttered anger, a group of people scattered to start Troubleshoot the entire jungleThe faint flames in the distance caught their attentionThe fire can deter the Wicked at night, so that the Wick does not dare to come, but it is very easy to become a very conspicuous goal in the night.“Why did you catch me? What are you guys?” Soon, several black people caught a man in front of the deacon Yunhua.Yunhua Deacon said with a smile that the man in front of him was not simple: “Oh, this son, you probably should have heard of our dark guild. What we’ve caught is this kind of family, eh, and then I should Is holding you to exchange money, or is it a ticket?” This arrested person is Shen Yue! Hear the words of the Dark Guild, Shen Yue suddenly face white, trembling: "You do not tear votes, I am a sacred family, my family can give you a lot of money!" "Sacred family?" Yunhua The deacon was a little uproar, a flash of light flashed through his eyes, and he said to himself with gloomy disbelief. "I still thought that I could make a fortune. The result is a vice president. It's really unlucky!" The deacon Yunhua was against his deacons. Angrily cried: "Give me to continue to search!" Shen Yue thought that these dark guilds would be difficult for themselves, but did not think they completely ignored himself, only sent a person to see themselves, Shen Yue sighed with relief It seems that the dark guild’s people still have such a taboo on their sacred family! He also thought that the name of the sacred family had scared the dark guild's people. His look suddenly became arrogant. It was exactly the same as the person who almost scared his pants.Nie Li walks with Ye Ziyan all the way forward. After about five or six hours, Nie Li and others have seen a grand hall far away.“The original city of Quran was built on this underground palace. The senior citizens of the city of Quran must know the palace below, so they are also likely to hide all the valuable things somewhere in this underground palace! “Nie Li said, according to their position, their position is already the bottom of the school field.Like Nie Li's judgment, the landlords and the senior officials must have hidden all the good things in the ground of the school grounds! Entering the hall, the immediate scene suddenly struck him and Ye Zixuan deeply shocked. The hall was full of skeletons, adults and children, and they were densely packed. They seemed to be suffering after their death."What happened? How could this happen?" Ye Zixuan had a reddish eye and tears flowed down her cheeks. She saw many children curled up in the corner. They should be cute before they died, but they died silently here.Nie Li suddenly sighed and said: "This place should be a temporary refuge in the city of Golan. They transferred the old and the young, the weak and the women, and it was estimated that they wanted to wait for the end of the war and let them out again.But the city of Ko Lan was undermined, so these people can only be trapped here and starve to death! "Ze Zixuan opened his mouth and revealed a painful lookNie Li took a deep breath. At this moment, his heart is surging and it is difficult to calm himself.Did the previous glorious city not? Before the outbreak of the war, they also sent many people to a number of shelters. Later, the City of Glory was broken. They were forced to transfer. They did not know what happened to the old and the young, they were also starved to death in a refuge.When the former glorious city was broken, the fierce picture was still so clear, Nie Li clutched his fist tightly, and he would never let that kind of thing repeat itself again! "Or else, let's goYe Zixuan said that she really couldn't bear to stay here again."No, we can't go, and we have to take all the treasures here!" Nie Li resolutely said, "The treasures here can strengthen our strength and strengthen our strength to guard the city of glory. Otherwise, the glorious The city will become the second city of Golan!” When she heard Nie Li’s words, Ye Zi was awkward. There was an idea flashing in her mind. Will the city of glory become the second Old City? Although the City of Glory is still relatively safe, it is often seen as a monster, sometimes even breaking the wall.Ye Zixuan's look became firm. Yes, they must enhance their own strength at all costs to guard the city of glory. Although it was shameful to be a tomb plunderer, what was it to do with so many lives in the glorious city? ? Nie Lihe and Ye Ziyan began searching the entire hall"There is a bronze armor here!" "There are a few bottles of immortality here, but unfortunately they are all broken!" "Scorpio, this is a spiritual stone!" Ye Ziyan put his hands together, prayed for a moment, and then from a little girl's neck The stone was taken off and it was tied to a silver-white chain. It was very delicate.The child’s identity before his death must be very nobleHowever, after all, people are already dead. If this piece of Lingshi is handed over to a gold-class strongman, it may help the gold-class strongman to build a higher level.Nie Li also had some more or less gains. Only the bronze armor and the war soldiers collected dozens of them, and there was also a silver-class short beak. They were also kept in good condition and were not damaged. Such as demon crystal, etc., many things are quite valuableBut I did not find the neon light that Nie wanted.The eyes of Nie Li fell in the center of the hall. In the center of the hall, there was a huge stone coffin. It was about three meters long, about one meter wide and one meter high. The surface of the stone curtain was covered with mystery spells.These spells are a bit familiar, they can't recognize it.What are these incantations? Near Shih Tzu, the emperor of Nether, Nie felt a mysterious force blowing on his face. Nie had a feeling that standing beside the stone coffin was like standing in the midst of the rough sea, ready to fly off at any time.No wonder all those who died are reluctant to stand beside the stone coffin“Nie Li, what happened to this stone cricket?” Ye Zixuan was about to walk over. As she was approaching a distance of about three meters from the stone wall, she suddenly turned pale, and she stepped back a few steps."What's wrong with you?" Nie looked away from the doubt to Ye Zixi."I came here and I felt a splitting headache!" said Ye Zixi.Hearing Ye Zixuan's words, Nie diverged from the eyebrows. This kind of power was very familiar. It was a strong person who had laid a ban under this stone culprit. Ye Ziyan could not be approached, but why he was only a stone's throw away from the stone sarcophagus? Nothing happened? The ban on women is not only against men? Or is it valid for others and invalid for Nie? In Nie’s eccentricity, he turned to Ye Zixuan: “You go to other places first, here to me!”"Ye Ziyun nodded and went to the sideNie Li began to carefully examine the stone lintel in front of him. The stone lintel is completely sealed. All the mysterious lines on the top of it are very knowledgeable and never seen by Nie.Is this stone sarcophagus the sarcophagus of the empty nemesis? Why are these above incantations not like the days of the Holy Empire? ~ ~ Demon God will definitely be a wonderful novel, snails themselves are also particularly easy to write, please also give us some snails to recommend some votes to support the snail