This is a breath of smell on the stone curtains, I do not know why Nie away has a somewhat familiar feelingHey, one share of energy ripples spreads out. It should be the soul that a strong person disappears.Soul power is an eternal force. Even after a thousand years, it can be attached to something and never be dispersed.This stone sarcophagus is made up of spliced ​​stones. There are no traces of open stone. I am afraid that even the strongest people in the city of Ko Lan failed to open the sarcophagus.Nie felt that the sea of ​​souls in his body was tumbling, and the sound of dragons and trances in the depths of the soul sea became clearer. He stepped to the side of Shi Wei and looked at various mystical incantations. He flashed in his mind. After thinking about it, he put his right hand on the skull coverSuddenly, a beam of light rose into the sky and saw a white light flowing above the stone curtain.The powerful beam of light bombarded Nie"Ah!" Nie felt that the bones of the whole body must be broken up. This terrible pain could not be tolerated even if Nie was so tough.The beam of light was like a million needles, and Nie plunged into it.The soul image is to be bombedIn the distance, Ye Ziyan, who always pays attention to Nie Li, sees Nie away from the painful jealousy.what's going on? Ye Zixuan hurried toward Nie, but she was close to a distance of about 56 meters from Shijiu. She banged and a powerful rebound force knocked her out.She can't get close to this stone! But why can Nie leave? Ye Zixuan was struck by several white lights. He was injured in several places and blood was leaking. In spite of the pain in her body, she took out a silver-sized sword from the space ring and waved her sword to the ban around the stone wall.Ye Zixuan was bombed again. This power is not what she can fight against. It is only the scattered white light that has caused her to suffer serious injuries. What is serious about Nie Li in the white light? After two consecutive bounces by the banned force, Ye Zixuan's soul sea was turbulent and all organs were seriously injured. Her eyes became more and more heavy.Nie Li, do not accident! Ye Zixuan's thoughts finally flashed in his mind, unconscious of the pastAt this moment, Nie Lizhong, who is in the white light, has risen up to steam, and the intense pain has permeated his body with perspiration. After those perspirations come into contact with the white light, they are instantaneously evaporated and steamed."Thirsty!" Nie Li feels that the body's water must be evaporated.He struggled desperately. He understood that as long as his consciousness was a little relaxed, he would be bombarded with this white light residue.Nie’s soul sea is constantly shaking and ripping, but it is also healing and repairing.The soul sea slowly formed a whirlpool, like a giant whale, constantly swallowing the white light.Nie left only the last sense of consciousness and kept tightly guarding the sea of ​​souls. At this time, he even had deep doubts. What is the thing hidden in the sea of ​​his soul? Take care of it, since it can absorb those white light, then suck it! Nie Li rushed the sea of ​​soul with his last touch of strength and absorbed all the white light into it.The white light constantly rushes into the sea of ​​Nie's soul, but the white light is not lost in the soul sea and disappears.Nie Li felt that even though those white lights had disappeared, they still extended the sea of ​​Nie’s soul out of the sea, and they were filled with sturdy soul power.The violent soul power, feedback to the muscles of the body, make the muscles more strong, the impurities in the skin are also rapidly excreted with sweatNie Li’s body seems to have been cut and washed.Nie Li shouted furiously. Although the current revision is still too much to be compared with the previous life, this feeling of strength enhancement is still very good.Open your eyes, everything in front of you gradually becomes clearNie Li hurriedly took out a few bottles of water from the space ring and drunk it down. The whole body dried up due to lack of water. It magically quickly became moist, and Nie was more handsome than before.Looking straight ahead, the stone mortars in front of them are constantly being dismantled, and Ishigaki's skull cover is slowly opened.Nie Li thinks that what he sees will be a corroded body, because it looks like this stone curtain did not seem to have been opened by anyone, but what made Nie Li unexpectedly was that there was nothing in Stone Wall. Nie Li thought he was wrong, but Shi Yan was indeed empty. He had no dead body and no trace of the body. The bottom of the stone curtain was smooth and flat, and there was no trace of debris.If the body is completely corrupted, at least it will still leave some bones.There are two things lying quietly on the bottom of Shi Yan.One of them is a piece of paper and there is also a gemstone drop chainThe paper scraps do not know what material to use, thin as a flap, or even a bit transparent, which is written with dense textIf others saw this page, they certainly did not recognize what it was, but when Nie was looking at the scrap of paper, he was shocked as if it were a thunderbolt. His eyes fell into a state of sluggishness.In past life, he was familiar with this thing.This is the remnant of the Book of Demon Spirits! How could Nie Li forget that in past life, he had gained great strength because of the book of demon and demon in time and space, and because he spent hundreds of years in the space of the Book of Space and Demon Spirits, he learned a great deal of knowledge and also because of the Holy Spirit. In World War I, the blood was immersed in the Book of Time and Spirit and was reborn.It is estimated that the mystery of Nie from the soul sea is also related to the Book of Time and Space Spirit! However, in the past life, the Book of Space and Demon Spirit is incomplete.Eight pages behind the Book of Demon Spirits were ripped off, and the book of complete demon and demon spirits was like. Nie never seen it.Because the text on the book of the demon spirit is too obscure, Nie Li has never read it. Every time he wants to remember the above characters, he will see the impression on his mind every few hours.The previous world, Nie Li, wanted to find the remaining eight pages of the Book of Demon Spirits. The result was totally without any clue. I did not expect this world to be born again. I found a scrap of the Book of Demon Spirits here.Unfortunately, the Book of Demon Spirit of the Time and Space is not in his hands. He wants to go to the end of the endless desert and enter the Desert God Palace like the previous life to get the Book of Demon Spirit of Time and Space! Do not know more about a scrap page, what changes will be made to the Book of Demon Spirit? Nie Li hides the pages of the book of demon and spirit from his chest against the skin of his chest. It seems that he is sensing the pages of the Book of Demon Spirit. Nie Li’s soul is surging up. Like the previous world, the demon spirit of time and space The pages of the book, like the Book of Demon Spirits, have the effect of nourishing soul power.Nie Li's eyes fell on the next gemstone necklace. He revealed a hint of color: "It is actually a deep jewel, but this is a rare thing!" Even the legendary Ye Mo-strong, I am afraid that Never seen deep gems, deep gems but handed down treasures! However, although the sapphire gems are precious and rare, they are quite unusual compared to the book of space and time."This deep jeweled gemstone necklace is a good gift for purple clams!" Nie Li thought with a smile, with the deep feelings of Ye Zixuan, even if Nie left the leaves of the Book of Demon Spirit to Ye Zixuan, he would not hesitate. However, that thing is useless to Ye Zixuan. Instead, it is a necklace made of deep gems. It is of great benefit to cultivation. With this deep gems necklace, Ye Zixuan's cultivation speed can be at least three times faster.Why is the residual page of the demon spirit book appear here? The mind of Nie Li is still full of doubts. Since Shi Wei is empty, it means that the empty Ming Great Emperor was not here. So where did the empty Ming Great Emperor go? This matter is really doubtfulNie Li picked up two things and turned his head to find Ye Zixuan collapsed on the ground.“What happened to the purple cockroach?” Nie was surprised by the centrifugal head, and she plunged toward the purple leaves.Nie Li fell on Ye Zixuan’s side and found Ye Ziyan’s body burned. There were several deep wounds on his chest, arms, and thighs. Nie Li quickly put his hand on Ye Zi’s wrist, and the soul’s power penetrated into Ye Zi’s body. I found that Ye Ziyan was all right and I was relievedLooking at the coma wounded Ye Ziyan, Nie Yizhong couldn't help but feel touched. It was definitely Ye Zixuan who heard him shouting and he wanted to save him. However, Ye Zixuan could not get close to Shi Jie. If she was forcibly impacted, she was shocked by the prohibition around Shi Yan.The burns should be those left by the white lightLooking at Ye Zixuan's appearance, Nie Li was full of pity. He placed the deep jeweled necklace on the neck of Ye Zixuan, and the deep jewels issued a deep blue light that shined on the wound of Ye Zixuan. Well, then some"Too much blood loss, we must treat these few biggest wounds as soon as possible!" Nie Li was silent and looked at Ye Ziyan's beautiful cheeks. She thought about it and took it too much. At most it was misunderstood by Ye Zixuan. It's always better to have a wound than cureNie Lixia limped down and slowly unleashed the clothes on Ye Zixuan's body. Ye Zi’s rounded shoulders and slender jade arms all appeared in front of Nie Li’s eyes. Ye Zi’s chest was laced with a lace ribbon and was purple. There is an elegant tasteThe pair of girls Yufeng is a lot less compared with the previous generation. Although it is not so pretty, there is a lovelyAfter Nie Li dismissed Ye Zixuan's clothes, he looked away and focused on the wounds of Ye Zixuan. He took a bottle of ointment from the space ring to heal the wound. After he made a point, he slowly applied it to the wound.After the wound was sealed with ointment, bleeding stopped slowly.~~New Book Request Support! ! ! Read3();read4();