Ye Zixuan seems to be in pain because he slightly frowns his browThe beautiful face, fine facial features, supple hair scattered on the shoulders, but increasingly bring out her elegant temperamentEven if it is frowning, there is an unspeakable tasteAt this time, Ye Zixuan wore only the ribbon on the chest strap, and the skirt was also damaged in many places. The thighs with slender white were exposed, adding even more temptation.When she was born again, Nie Li could ignore other people's seduction, but the beauty of Ye Zixuan made him breathless and heavier.Whenever he sees Ye Zixuan, he always remembers the time he used to live with Ye Zixuan in his past life. Although it was short, he placed deep feelings and was the most precious time in his life.Only Nie Li can know how Ye Zihui will move in a few years. Like a blooming snow lotus, she is beautiful and elegant. She is like a nine-day goddess. She is holy and noble.At that time, people like Ye Zixuan abound, and countless people frantically for her, including Shen Yue, Shen Yue numerous times wanted to bring Ye Zixuan to leave the precarious city of glory, but was angry with Ye Zixi, and finally had to give upEventually Ye Zixuan chose the ordinary Nie Li. It was the most glorious thing in Nie's life! After treating the wound on Ye Zixuan's wounds, although he was a little lost, Nie Li took a piece of his own clothes and put it on Ye Zixuan’s body. Ye Zi’s clothes had been broken so that he could no longer wear it.He has enough patience to wait for Zi Ziyan to accept himself and wait for her to grow up, as she did in past life.Nie Liwei stayed at the side of Ye Zixuan and sat down to feel the mysterious power contained in the pages of the pages of the Demon Spirit. The soul power of the soul was surging up and stirring up.If you have the opportunity, you must go to Desert God Palace as soon as possible to get the Book of Time and Space Spirit! To absorb those white light, Nie Li felt that his soul power had increased a lot, at least more than one and a half or more.Nie Li feels that the power contained in these white light is far more than these, and is hidden in the depths of his soul sea. He does not know when he can turn that powerful power into his own use.Nie gradually entered the realm of selflessness. The soul power of a stock is just like a substance.Just as Nie Li was immersed in cultivation, Ye Zixuan woke up in a coma.She touched her body and found she was not wearing clothes, and she suddenly turned pale.Nie left this bastard too much! He found that the skirt was still worn on the body. Ye Zixuan took a slight sigh of relief, but his heart was still indignant. From childhood to childhood, she had not yet been seen by a boy. Nie Li took her when she was unconscious. The clothes are solved! Ye Zixuan has a complex look. She knows that Nie Li is trying to help her to heal her wounds before she unlocks her clothes. However, Ye Zixuan has never been able to relieve her.Nie must be intentional. I don't know what happened when she was unconscious! After all, she is not very understanding of Nie Li’s people and she is always vigilant.Nie Li, who was sitting next to Ye Zixuan, slowly opened his eyes. He smiled slightly. “You awake?” Looking at Nie Li’s eyes, Ye Zi’e suddenly realized that he wasn’t wearing any clothes yet and hurriedly pulled Nie’s clothes away. Tighter, hurriedly said: "You turn your head, I want to wear clothes!" Nie turned away and smiled and said: "Isn't it not seen!" When I heard Nie Li, Ye Ziyan's face brushed red. Now she has a heart that disregards the lady's image and puts Nie away from violence. She is now indignantly angry, but she can say so easily.Before Nie Li said that she had a butterfly-shaped birthmark on her body, she had already suspected that Nie had seen her take a bath! Soon after, Ye Zixuan put on his clothes and whispered: "Well!" Nie couldn't help but overshadow. Ye Zixuan wore a purple silk skirt to bring out her youthful beauty.Ye Ziyan wears anything to look goodYe Zi had a glimpse of Nie Li, she was simply too depressed, and Nie Li’s thick skin really made her feel helpless."Nie Li, did you like me?" Ye Zixuan lowered his head and thought, looked up and asked Nie to ask"Yeah!" Nie smiled and admittedAlthough I knew in my heart, but when I heard Nie Li, Ye Zixuan still gave a slight tremble in her heart. She took a deep breath, and Zheng Xie said to Nie: “Nie Li, we are still young, who knows what will happen in the future, maybe a few more In years you like someone else tooWe should now focus on our studies. Only with intensive cultivation can we go further and further on the road to martial arts.If you still like me, then I promise to be your girlfriend! "Ye Ziyun's face is red and her heart beats inexplicably."Looking at Ye Zixuan's shy look, listening to her righteous eight classics, Nie was somewhat innocently funny. He looked at Ye Zixuan slightly jokingly. Ye Zixuan, who was preparing to fool the children? He blinked and pretended to be excited: "Really? That's great.In fact, cultivation is very simple. As long as I work hard, I will be able to reach the gold level next year, and you will not be allowed to break your promise! After saying it, Nie was laughing and laughing"Year of next year?" Ye Zixuan stupidly, this is too fast, Nie will be able to reach the gold level next year? She suddenly anxious, "I mean, we must consider carefully consider!" Nie Li suddenly looked right, said: "Is Miss Zi Wei want to go back?" Nie shrugged, looked indifferent look. " I knew that all of your top-flight families would not speak one by one. Forget it! It doesn't matter!” Seeing Nie away disappoints with a slight look of disdain, Ye Zixuan's beak teeth bite into his lower lip and gritted his teeth: “ If you can reach the gold level, then it will be a word."Looking at Ye Zixuan's serious look, Nie Lie's mouth is slightly upturned. He understands that Ye Zixuan's words are generally not going to go back. This is not a bit wrong, but he doesn't care about it. With his understanding of Ye Zixuan, One day, he will win the heart of this beautiful girl.Do you really want to be Nie Li's girlfriend? What can Nie Li's girlfriend do? Ye Zixi was a little out of character. She still had some good feelings about Nie Li, but she was limited to the goodwill between her friends. If she was a friend of men and women, Ye Zixuan suddenly had a mess.Ye Zizhuo plunges himself into cultivation, and the emergence of Nie Li completely broke her calm heart.“What is this?” Ye Ziyan looked at the blue-colored gem hanging from his neck. The color of this gem was dazzling, and among the gemstones, there was a nebula flow. She could feel the majestic power contained in this gem."Deeply gem, this is a gift I gave you. Wearing it will speed you up more than three times faster. It will nourish your soul power anytime and anywhere. Even if you walk, you will cultivate!" With a slight smile, with his help, even if Ye Zixie is not very hard working, it is easy to reach the gold level and it is not impossible to reach a higher level."I can't ask for such precious things!" Ye Zixuan said in a hurry, she wanted to take down the deep gems.Nie Li grabbed Ye Zixuan's hand and smiled and said, "I already have something better. Let's take it."Ye Ziyan quickly swatted Nie away, his cheeks were slightly hot, and he was silent for a moment:" Then I will help you first. Whenever you want, you can take it back at any time."""Ok! "Nie laughed and stood up." Let's find a way out! "Ye Ziyan is getting ready to stand up, but she sees Nie Li smiling and reaching out. Ye Ziyan hesitates, putting the delicate jade hand on Nie Li's palm."Nie Li took a little hard work and pulled Ye Zixuan up. She was still very happy in her heart. The beautiful girl in front of him was not so repulsive to him.The things inside the hall were all collected by them. Nie Li and Ye Zixuan were searching for a way out through the deep passages. It was built like a maze. I never knew where the exit was before I visited here.After two days in a row, Nie Li and Ye Zixuan still wandered in a complex underground maze, and they could not find a way out.However, as time went on, Nie Li slowly drew a map of the underground maze with his strong sense of direction.At this time, a stone fortress in the city of GoranChen Linjian, Huyan Lanruo and others all gathered at this stone fortress."Twenty-nine!" Chen Linjian was a bit depressed. They came to adventure in the city of Golan. If they hadn't got anything yet, they had already lost eight people. If others were missing, it would be fine. This is a bit difficult to doYe Zixuan is the daughter of the city owner and the granddaughter of the legendary demon psychic teacher Ye Mo. If there is a problem, he can not afford this responsibility.If Hu Yan Lan looked over the jungle in the distance, she wanted to find Nie Li’s presence."Do not read, that short-lived ghost is estimated to have long died!" Chu Yuan went to Huyan Lanruo's side, said with disdain tone"You shut up to me!" Hu Yan Lan angered Chu Yuan Dao. She intuitively believed that if Nie Li had such a skill, he would be fine."This is already a fact! It is estimated that his body has also been swallowed by the great-great-great-armed giant armor!" Chu Yuan laughed and remembered the soul powers that had been swallowed by Nie, and he could not say anything in his heart. The happy intentions of Nie Li’s detrimental effect on his years of cultivation and transformation are nothing to do."Roll!" Hu Yan Lan glared at Chu Yuan. "If you don't roll again, you're welcome!" Chu Yuan opened his mouth and wanted to say something. When he saw Huyan Lanruo's expression, he shrugged and shrugged and walked toward the side.Chen Linjian frowned. At the beginning, Ye Ziyan and Nie Li should not be allowed to be together. If several strong silver guards, Ye Zixuan would not be as silent as now.“Leave two people waiting for them here. Others come with me and go to the school grounds!” Chen Lin Jian Shen said, he is a decisive person. It is useless to understand waiting here. Go to the next school grounds and go back and look for it. Ye Ziyan and Nie Li, I hope Ye Zixiong Ji people's world! "I'll stay and wait for them!" If Huyan Yan thought for a moment, her eyes were full of sadness. She wouldn't wait until she was away from her.For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience