Nie Lichao looked in the direction of Xiao Tinger’s eyes. Xiao Ning’s body was thin, wearing a goose-yellow slim dress, a pair of black high boots, and a dark, silky hair draped over his shoulders, clear and bright. The pupil, the curved eyebrow, the long eyelashes quiver slightly, the fair and flawless skin reveals a faint red powder, and the rich lips are as delicate as the rose petals.In addition to her feminine flirtation, she has an indescribable wild beauty. Her face is chilly and her face is slightly different.Nie Li recalled with deep eyes. Xiao Ning'er was the niece of Xiao Jia’s family in the seven great families. She was second only to Ye Zixuan in the talent of soul power and became a silver five-star demon before the glorious city was destroyed. The spiritual master, together with Ye Zixi, is known as the most glamorous twin star in the young generation of genius masters.Only the Xiao family forced three Xiaofeng children to marry into the sacred family and married Shen Yue’s older brother. Xiao Ning'er swears to die, and finally breaks with the family and enters the Black Devils forest in the ancestral mountains alone. It will never come backThis is a staunch woman! Nie Chengzhong was full of regret for Xiao Tinger. If there is a chance, this world will definitely help her with her.But to say that if Nie Li had a different kind of mind for her, then it was not. Nie Li's heart was only Zi Ziyi."In two months, the level of the martial arts and demons were tested. I hope that when you can see several bronze star warriors or spirit masters, whether it be me or Shenglan College, you will be honored! "Shen Xiu said with a smile, bronze, silver, gold, black gold, legend, these five levels are divided into one to five stars, bronze star is an introductionWhen the power of the martial reaches 100, or the soul power of the psychic division reaches 100, it becomes a strong bronze star.Getting started is very difficult, many people can't get started in life and become a real warrior or demonAfter hearing Shen Xiu’s words, the students in the class whispered that if they wanted to become a bronze star warrior, they would need to let the force reach the height of lifting a hundred kilograms of boulder. Star realm, this is too difficult for these children, and unless they are small, they start to eat various kinds of elixir so that the body's bones are extremely strong.As for the demon psychic, it is much more difficult to be a martial artist than to be a martial artist.The soul sea is divided into red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple. The ordinary people often have only the red sea of ​​souls. It is very difficult to cultivate into a psychic teacher and generally choose to become a warrior. Those who have orange or yellow soul sea are suitable for practicing the soul. Force, and people who have a green or blue soul sea, are considered geniuses.The students in the class looked enviously at Ye Zixuan, Shen Yue, and Xiao Ning'er. In the past half a year, they could reach the bronze one-star realm.After reaching the level of bronze one star, you can enter the official class of the martial arts or the genius division formal class! By then they are not a class! Feeling the students' eyes, Shen Yue proudly raised his chest. He was a sacred family disciple. He had enjoyed various kinds of elixir since he was a child. His cultivation was far more common than that of ordinary peers and he would be demoted in two months. It is a simple matter to increase the spiritual power to 100. He waited for the test after two months! Shen Yue looked at the next elegant and moving Ye Zixi, only he can deserve Ye Ziyan, Nie Li count something! Actually dared to aunt with my aunt and raise it to a bronze star within two months. I was arrogant! Did Nie Li think that it was as simple as raising a bronze star? A rubbish of the red soul sea also dared to speak out! Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er take a look at each other. Their origins are also very good and naturally they are not bad.Ye Zixuan always wanted to become a friend with Xiao Geling, but Xiao Geling always seemed to regard her as a competitor and silently struggled with the goal of Ye Zixuan."As for some people who claim to have reached the level of one star in two months, I would like to see how much he can achieve!" Shen Xiu slyly glanced at Nie Li, dismissively.The strength of the soul sea and the condition of the body directly determine the cultivation speed of a person. With Nie away from the present situation, at normal speed, at least three or five years before they can formally become a bronze star martial artist. , a person with only the red soul of the sea should not think about itNie Li does not put Shen Xi’s words at heart"Two months? Time is a little bit more"Nie's mouth is slightly upturned, revealing a faint smile of self-confidence, to see how I reached the bronze star in two months! In private, Nie Li, Lu Piao, Du Ze are quietly communicating"Nie Li, do you like Ye Zixuan?""Yes!" Nie away seriouslyLu Piao stared at Nie Li's eyes. After a moment, he sighed. "Ye Yeh-yeon is really beautiful. Seeing that you are my brother's sake, I will not fight with you.But as a brother, I have to admonish you that Ye Zixi’s identity is too noble. It is not what we can achieve at all.Although their family is one of the 20 aristocratic families, the identity gap with Ye Zixuan is still very different.“You two, is the reality a bit better? Ye Zixuan, however, is a super talent with a blue soul sea! It will soon become a bronze star demon psychic teacher. After two months, he will be able to enter the formal class of the demon spirit master and enter the demon spirit. After the official class is completed, it will surely improve by leaps and bounds. At that time, she still remembers whether you or both are still problems.The most hated you these family children, thinking about how to soak a woman all day, do not know hard to practice! Duze licked and rushed"What is the family's children just thinking about soaking women all the time? You are filthy! I have always been very hard to cultivate myself. I can only think of a woman for up to half a day!" Lu Pheng shrugged and gave an unconstrained view"Scorpio! What people I know are!" Duzer rolled his eyes.Du Zeh's talent is good, he has a yellow soul sea, and he is also very hard working. Afterwards, he has some adventures. He has hit the gold and one-star realm spirit and led his family to become one of the aristocratic families. This is very remarkable. achievementDuze was very loyal to people, but he was a little old-fashioned and he was very serious in doing things. In stark contrast to Duze, Lu Piao is a young master who is a contender every day. Although he has only a red soul sea, he has a very talented martial artist. As long as he's working hard and doing a little bit, repairs will be leaps and bounds, but he's too lazy. Past lives only reached the silver level, which is a lot worse than that of Duze.However, the fate is wonderful, that is, such two completely different people, past lives has become a very good brother! Listening to Duze and Lu Fengbi, I used to think that Duze and Lu Giao's quarrel was almost no nutrition, and now Nie Chengli is full of emotions. There are brothers like you, so good! "Nie Li, I advise you to forget it, concentrate on cultivation."Duze earnestly admonished Nie to leave the road. If Nie Li really moved his feelings, it was really a sad thing."Nie Li was unable to extricate himself from his past life. After learning that Shen Yue and Ye Zixuan were about to be engaged, they were very painful.But this time, if it is still such a waste of firewood, Nie Li will simply crash it."Relax, I know what I want to do, I can do it!" Nie said confidently.Hearing Nie Li’s words, Du Ze and Lu Piao both froze. It was hard for them to imagine why Nie Li would have such a strong confidence. When he looked at Nei Li’s firm eyes, they even had an illusion. Nie Li It can be doneThey could not help but be infected by this emotion of Nie Li"Well, we will support you no matter what you do later!" Duze thought for a moment and saidTogether with the penalty station here, a deep brotherhood has developed between them."Daze, Lu Piao, I will let you become the most powerful demon teacher of the glorious city!" Nie Li was solemnly authentic. Past lives, Duze and Lu Piao lived and died together, fighting side by side, saving him countless times since he When he came back, he certainly had to help Daze and Lu Piao to complete their dreams."I still forget, I only have a red soul seaWith the support of the family's immortality, it should be no problem to be a martial artist. It is really difficult to become a demon teacher! "Lu Piao first beat back."What is the use of martial arts? The more you practice cultivating, the more difficult it is for the martial arts practitioner to perform, and the martial arts of the same order are not opponents of the same class of demon psychic at all.On the battlefield, a legendary warrior is not as good as a black gold demon psychic, to know that the demon psychic is a powerful war machine! "Duzer was full of expectations for becoming a spirit master, and he wanted to do the best. This is his principle.""Without being a legendary warrior, I can be satisfied with being a golden warrior!" Lu Piao said very calmly, completely unmoved.Du Ze is speechless. There is really nothing to say about this kind of person."Only the red soul sea is afraid of anything? I only have the red soul sea."Nie Li said to Lu PiaoLu Piao and Douze are puzzling and Nie Li only has a red soul sea. Nie Li is confident that he will be promoted to a bronze star within two months. Is there any special way for Nie to leave? "Nie Li, do you have any way to cultivate spiritual power and raise the level of the demon psychic?" asked Duze. He was curious. In his opinion, there is no shortcut to the cultivation of soul power."You are listening to me, as long as you do not shrink, you can become a powerful demon teacher!" "Retreat? Of course not!" Duze firmly said, he wants to be strong, change the fate of his family, in this At one point, he will never retreat.If he can become a demon teacher, Lu Peng is of course also very happy. If he can become a demon teacher, he will not always be angry because of laziness.Lu Piao belongs to the kind of man who does not walk backwards. There is a little chance of being lazy and he will not let go."Is it very troublesome?"Duze glanced at Lu Piao. This guy was simply not saved. He wanted to be an energetic teacher. He was still afraid of trouble. Can he become a demon teacher? If you can become an enchanter, troublesome, and difficult things, he will do it! "No trouble!" Nie Liao smiled and shook his head, looked a whole, said, "But it takes a lot of money!" "As long as there is money on it, then it is much simpler!" Lu Lan breathed a sigh of relief, "How much Money, I have a lot here, more than three years, I saved two thousand demon soul money? If you can become a demon teacher, I can use all out"If two thousand demon money can buy a demon fighter, isn't it too cool?Nie looked at Gone with the Wind. Lu Giao was really a nerve. Did he think that there were a lot of two thousand demon spirits? Helpless authentic: "Two thousand demon spirit money can do something? Of course not enough, at least have millions of demon soul money, and even millions of demon soul money!" Million demon soul money! Whether it is Lu Piao or Du Ze, they all drew an air-conditioned, one million demon spirit money, which is equivalent to a year's income of an ordinary noble family! Where do they get so much money?