Chen Linjian and others arrived at the school. This is a flat training ground and is generally the most difficult to attract attention."Digging the ground!" Chen Linjian's men and women have come up with tools and started digging.At this time, in the underground palace“Nie Li, where is the export?” Ye Zixi asked, they have been looking for two days, but still can not find where the exit is"No ExitNie Li shook his head and said, "If there is an exit, those people will not be trapped inside the hall."""No Exit? "Ye Ziyun paused and asked idly." Then can we not get out? "" That doesn't necessarily mean that the people in the hall were sent in from the outside, which means that people outside can dig up and exportWe can only hope that Chen Linjian can help us dig the export. I guess that the export should be in the school field! "Nie Li smiled slightly." They will surely find there! "" How can you be so sure that he will find it there? "Ye Ziyi asked, Nie Li was always so confident, as if everything was in his hands."Even stubbornly believe that he will certainly like him, if everything in this world can be as he expected, then he is simply a omnipotent god! Ye Zixuan's voice just fell and the stone wall suddenly issued a slight tremor."Has started!" Nie Li smiled. According to the source of the tremor, he could determine where the exit was. He turned to look at Ye Zitao. "Let's go!" After the talk, Nie Li walked away. go withYe Ziyan opened his mouth and didn't know how to evaluateNie away is simply an enchantment. How do you know everything? Is it true that one day, she will really be Nie Li's girlfriend? Ye Zizhen can't tell what kind of emotion he is. His cheeks are hot and his head is silent.The actions excavated by Chen Linjian and others are still quite large! "The original exit is over here!" Nie Li took Ye Zixuan along with the source of the sound all the way to find it. He finally stayed in front of a stone wall. He looked at it. The cliff was supposed to be an institution. Whatever was previously passed through here. Did not findNie Li put her hand on the stone wall and slowly pushed it inThe stone walls slowly turned and a huge stone room appeared in the eyes of Nie Li and Ye Ziyan.The stone room had a step leading to it, but the exit was blocked by something like a boulders, and there was a clanging sound coming from behind. It was supposed that someone was building an exit.Everything in the stone room made Nie Li and Ye Zixuan feel shockedIt is filled with various armored combatants such as bronze and silver, as well as a large number of scrolls of Ming scrolls, demon beasts, furs, horns and the like, as well as various rare metals and piles of gold coins. That is the currency when the Holy EmpireThere are also many artifacts that cannot be named. They should be treasures that are precious during the Holy Empire.If someone gets these treasures and sells them in the glory city auction house, then it will be rich! "Purple, you pick a few pieces!" Nie Li said to Ye Zixuan, "There are too many treasures here, and their space rings simply cannot hold so much, and if they evacuated all treasures, then Chen Linjian et al. Inevitably there will be opinionsNie Li is not greedy. He just needs to get what he wants.Nie Li's eyes fell on a stone platform in the distance. At the top of the stone platform, a candle lamp was shining brightly. This light was filled with a mysterious color.After seeing this spiritual light, Nie Li exposed an ecstatic look. It really was a ghost light! Shadow demon is a very mysterious and scarce monster. Legend has it that in the period of Feng Xue Empire, it has become extinct. Only seven demon demon spirits have been made into seven spiritual lamps for the one in the Holy Spirit mainland. The Temple, later the Shadow Spirit Lights were stolen by thieves and scattered throughout the world.The reason why Nie Li cares about this shadow demon spirit lamp is because he wants to get inside the shadow demon spirit! After reaching the silver level, Nie's soul will be able to fuse a demon spirit.Nie from the practice of God of Heaven can be integrated into seven demon spirits, this first demon spirit, Nie Yi does not want to be an ordinary trash demon spirit! The demon spirit of the demon spirit that is too strong can not be merged with the soul sea, the most appropriate is this shadow demon spiritAlthough Shadow Warrior is not a particularly powerful Wicked Race, it is very mysterious and has many unique abilities. Even if it is practiced to become the strongest realm, the shadow demon spirit can also play a powerful role.With shadow demon spirit, Nie Li can learn some special martial arts! In the hands of Shen Yue, the shadow lamp spirit lamp of the past lives in the hands of Shen Yue and was sold by Shen Yue in the auction house. In this world, it was captured by Nie Li.Nie Li took the lantern and put it into the space ring. Looking back, Ye Zixuan also picked a few things. With a deep jewel necklace, she was not interested in those ordinary stone necklaces and other things. , selected a few monster crystals and a bone tooth ankletYe Zixuan is still quite visionary, and that several demon crystals are the crystal nucleus of black gold and evil beasts. Black gold monsters are extremely rare. If you use these monster crystals to make war soldiers and armor, you may be able to make a rare black gold battle. Soldiers and ArmorAs for the bone teeth necklace, it is the phalanges of the legendary Whelp Snow Beast. Although it is only a bone fragment, it is also very precious, and it can be greatly increased into a demon spirit.After the selection, only the sound of a boom was heard, and an entrance was cut open next to the blockage of the boulders. A dazzling beam of light shone in. Chen Linjian and others sprinted into the room."Is that you?" Chen Linjian saw Ye Zixi and Nie Li. When he froze, he didn't even think that. After they came in, they saw the first time they actually saw Ye Zixi and Nie Li.Seeing Ye Zixuan, Chen Linjian gave a slight sigh of relief. If Ye Zixie really had any accidents, even if he had some gains, he might have to face the thunderous fury of the landlords and Ye Mo adults. Now that Ye Zixuan is safe, it will be all right."Boss, we made a fortune, a lot of treasures!" Chen Lin Jian exclaimed a few men and women, that full of treasures make them dazzledChu Yuan and others also came in. They were also shocked and stunned. Here everything is piled as high as a hill. Many things are very valuable. It is possible to sell tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of ghost coins."Nie Li, according to our agreement, you can choose one!" Chen Linjian looked at Nie and said that he is a person who keeps promises, and he values ​​the friendship with Nie."I've already chosen. The rest is yours!" Nie smiled faintly. Those piles of mountains seemed to be unappealing to him."I also took a few things"Ye Ziyun said," I do not want the rest! "Chen Linjian slightly dagger, let people use the space ring to install these thingsChu Yuan went to the side of Chen Linjian and said, “Chen Shao, are you willing to do this? They have been in this for so long and they definitely have gotten a lot of benefits! The most valuable things must have been taken by them, so they will Something dismissive!" "What do you mean?" Chen Linjian scowled and glanced at Chu Yuan.Chu Yuan cold and authentic: "They must tell them to spit things out to go, the best things must have been taken by them!" Hearing the words of Chu Yuan, Chen Lin Jian coldly grunted, said: "They are here before us, than We first discovered these things. Even if they vacated this place, we have nothing to say. It has been done to our advantage to leave so much for us!" "Chen Shao, I dare I promise, what they have in hand, One piece is a treasure of value, you don't regret it!” said Chu Yuan excitedly."Come on, don't think I don't know what your thoughts are. There is a conflict between you and Nie Li. You want to use me as a gun and you don't have a door!" Chen Linjian lifted his foot and kicked him on the chin of Chu Yuan and put Chu Yuan in the foot. He flew out嘭 嘭 嘭 嘭 嘭 嘭 嘭 嘭 嘭 嘭 Chu Yuan fell a mouthful of mud, no one lost his teeth, bloody mouth insideChu Yuan looked up and looked at Chen Linjian in a vicious manner, but soon the emotions of anger were converged. Chen Linjian was the descendant of the first generation family, and the heirs of the Saints family. Which dare to marry Chen Linjian? Nie Li is your fault. I want to finish with you! Chen Linjian gathered up those treasures. Although Nie Li took the shadow of the demon spirit lamp, Ye Zixuan also selected a few things. However, there are still many precious treasures inside, and it should be able to sell a lot of money. Chen Linjian is a harvest. QuiteChen Linjian patted Nie Li's shoulder and said: "Brother, if you guide me to the school field, I can't possibly get such a good thing. I Chen Linjian owes you a favor. Afterwards, what will happen to me!" Chen Linjian only The word does not mention what Nie Li took, but thanks to Nie Li. This makes Nie Centrifuge a good impression. It is no wonder that Chen Linjian can become one of the most outstanding figures in the young generation of the three great families! "Yeah!" Nie Li replied in a straightforward manner. "You pack up things, we must hurry!" "Why?" Chen Lin asked in confusion."I found the dark guild people, they are looking for us!" Nie Li said, "Fortunately, the spirit-level pale arm giants blocked them, otherwise I couldn't escape!" Hearing Nie Li, Chen Linjian slightly Astonished, he knew that the Dark Society was a group of people, and if they were caught, they would be in trouble."No wonder we found that the great-armed giant was injured. It turned out to be the case!" said Chen Linjian's men.Fortunately, the scope of the remains of the city of Quran was still quite large. Those who were not aware of their whereabouts were guilded by the dark guild. It was estimated that they were looking for them and they had to leave quickly.Chen Linjian looked at the deep underground palace"I have already surveyed. There is nothing in it.Nie Li saidChen Lin nodded his head and nostalgia, and shouted to everyone under his command: "We go!" ~~ Brothers and sisters, the new book is a period of accumulation of popularity, with the accumulation of popularity, with the enthusiastic support of everyone, an author can To create better, please don’t hesitate to recommend the ticket in your hand.u