Readx(); If Chen Linjian lusts for property and continues to explore the depths of the maze, then their situation is very dangerous.Fortunately, Chen Linjian was a determined man.The crowd returned to the giant stone fortress. Huyan Yan felt ecstatic when he saw Nie returning.“Nie is coming back from you. Great!” Huyan Lan suddenly rushed forward, clutching Nie Li tightly, and the rich chest clung to Nie’s chest.“Thank you for giving up my life to save me, otherwise I may be buried in the belly of the giant arm of pale armor!” Hu Yanlan looked cheek-red and looked at Nie Li"I'm going to be strangled by you, let go of me!" Nie from a shot at the forehead, Hu Yan Yan was too sentimental if he was inevitably too, and the reason why he took to his house, is to allow Ye Zixi to be able to escape safely, is not for her! After seeing Nie’s distressed look, Ye Zixuan can't help but laugh. For example, if a beautiful woman like Huyan Lanru takes the initiative to pour Nie away, Nie Li’s brain is trapped in the door.However, when she saw Hu Yanlan holding Nie away tightly, her heart was slightly sour and she snorted."Is the dark guild person!" Chen Linjian took a cold breath and his voiceChen Linjian looked toward the jungle outside the stone fortress. Several people wearing black robes appeared in their sights. He was slightly discolored and swayed: "Come with me, go this way!" Chen Linjian took Together, they got into the jungle behind the stone fortress.“Careful, you must not leave any traces!” Under the threat of the Dark Guild, everyone ran wildly and quickly swept away. They knew how tragic it would be if they were caught by the dark guilds.Nie Lizhao looked behind him and mused in his heart that although he was only a picture, Nie Li had already remembered the breath of the leader. The leader must have seen his appearance even if he returned to the glorious city. He must be extremely careful, otherwise he will be recognized and he may be eyeing him.In addition to the sacred families and the dark guild that threatened the city of glory, Nie had a strong sense of urgency. He had to hurry up his strength, or he would not even have the strength to protect himself when the crisis came.With the Shadow Spirit Light, he must hurry to practice silver level. Incorporating the Shadow Spirit Light has a life-saving capital for a short time! Silver level may be difficult for ordinary people to achieve, but it is not particularly difficult for Nie Li.Until Nie Li and others returned to the glorious city, none of the dark guild’s people could catch them.The news of the return of Chen Linjian and others quickly spread throughout the glorious city. Even more surprising is the harvest of Chen Linjian and others. There are many treasures that are amazing.A grand auction was held, and many things that Chen Linjian harvested were sold at auction.The entire city of glory has been invigorated. Many people began to organize tours to the ruins of the city of Quran, hoping to gain somethingThese turmoil had nothing to do with Nie Li. Nie Li had got the shadowy genie lamp that he had always dreamed of. He also unexpectedly harvested the pages of the Book of Demon Spirits. This embarrassing harvest far exceeded his expectations.At the same time, there was a news that made Nie Li deeply pondered. It is said that before Chen Linjian and others returned to the glorious city, Shen Yue had already returned, and no one else had gone with Shen Yue. This is a bit too strange! With Shen Yue's strength, how can it not be possible to go back to the glorious city through so many danger zones! Thinking about the group of dark guilds that had been found in the remains of the city of Golan, Nie had a brief glimpse of it. He suddenly thought of a possibility. Perhaps there was some unspeakable secret between the sacred and dark guilds.He should have thought of it long ago! The signs of the sacred family's past lives, and the betrayal of the City of Glory, all show that they have long since ceased to regard the city of guardian glory as their duty, and that they may well have collaborated with the Dark Society.Nie Li of the past is not aware of the dark guild. It is said that the Dark Society has established a base in the ancestral ancestral mountains. It is a very secret and safe place! Perhaps the sacred family of the previous world rebelled against the glorious city, in order to go to the dark guild, or where else could they go? Damn it! Why did you think until now! Nie Li clutched his fist tightly and his arm was exposed.It was from that day on that day that he watched the clan people die under the claws of the whelp, and the refugees who followed the glorious city entered the endless desert and watched Ye Zixuan dying in front of himself, on the mainland of the Holy Spirit. Floating like a rootless duckweedIn the eyes of Nie Li, there was a glimpse of gloom. Whether it was a sacred family or a dark guild, it must be destroyed! The Holy Spirit College LibraryAfter Nie came back, he once again worked with Du Ze and Lu Piao and others with great concentration.After coming back, Xie Li’s repairs are leaping forward every day. The pages of the book of the Demon Spirit of Time and Space continue to exert its effect and constantly evoke Nie’s soul.With the rolling of the soul sea, the soul power has also grown up.After three days, he used a lot of C. purpurea as well as immortality. Nie Li’s repair finally broke through to the bronze two-star realm.If the test can be promoted to Bronze Samsung and the appearance of Fenghuang is the test two months later, then Nie Li and others will be able to get the attention of the top level of the college and cultivate as a genius.Whether it is the Dean of the Holy Spirit School or the high level of the City of Glory, it is very important for martial geniuses.Once Nie Li was identified as martial genius, even the sacred family could not easily move him! It took a long time to reach the test two months later. Nie had enough time! In addition to Nie Li, Du Ze and Lu Geng et al.’s repairs are also making rapid progress.Now Shen Yue of the same class has not been completely ignored by Nie Li. In the future, Shen Yue will find that the gap between him and Nie Li will be further and further away.At this point, a message spread wildly across the campus“You know what? Miss Hu Yan Lanru goes to Wuyi Apprentice Elementary School every day to find Nie Li!” “Do you know? Miss Huyan Lanruo announced in public that she was pursuing Nie Li. As a result, she had an quarrel with Xiao Geling and almost went to Xiao Ning. Miss children fight""do you know? Ms. Hu Yan Lan missed the man with Miss Xiao Tinger and the result was beaten! The man is said to be a trainee of the military apprenticeship class! The more the message spreads, the more uncertain it is.The entire Whitsunday school is going crazy. After all, it's still relatively rare for two girls to grab a boy.And the key is whether Huyan Lanruo or Xiao Ninger are all beautiful women in the Holy Spirit Academy.If these two girls are so talented, if they like a student from a talented class, that would be the case. At the same time, the result would be a student in the primary class of a martial arts apprentice. This has to be amazing.Recently, Nie Li is indeed more prosperous. First, the sacred family is disgraced. It is also a defiant mentor. It is followed by the news that the sacred family wants to get rid of Nie Li. Later, it is between the two beautiful women.It has become a man of the AcademyIf Hu Yanlan went to the library of the Holy Spirit College to find several times, he was all taken away by Nie Lizhi. It is said that every day after he leaves school, Huyan Lanruo guards the school gate and must wait until Nie Li.“Nie Li, you climb the wall every day and get into and out of the college. If you are found by the school law enforcement team, you'll have a good time!” said Lu Xiaopai, smiling at Nie Li.Nie had a hard face and said, "If you go out from the entrance of the college, you must meet the crazy lady and your trouble is dead!" "Nie Li, you honestly told us how you got Miss Huyan Lanuo!" Nie Li is simply envious of hate, ah, was Yan Yan such as the pursuit of such a beautiful woman, Nie Li actually indifferent, really do not know what to say, if it is floating, do not call Yan Yan Lan initiative, I am afraid to take the initiative to come to the door, and not Say the beautiful temptation of Huyan Lanruo. It is just a pair of heavy objects on the chest.If Nie did not tell them that he likes Ye Zixi, they almost think that Nie Li likes the man! "I have been provoking her here. This woman is simply baffling!" Nie smiled."No way, it seems that next day we have to accompany you to climb the wall!" Duze shrugged, a faint smile, he does not have much gossip about these things, he just wants to concentrate on practice, change the fate of their families, Nie Li gave him such a chance. He took Nie Li in his lifetime! At this moment, several people with medals in the distance shouted: "Hey, what class are you from? What are you doing? Stop for me!" Nie Li and others looked at each other, oh, six. Several figures rise and fall over the wall of the Holy Spirit School and go wildHoly Spirit Academy talented class, several students gathered together"Haha, Shen Fei. I heard that your fiancée was almost fighting with Huyan Lanruo for a man. Is that true?" An imposing 16-year-old boy came over and laughed.The genius class of the Holy Spirit School is divided into several schools. The relationship between them is not very harmonious. The boy named Ye Hong is the brother of Ye Zixuan. He is still very prestigious in the genius class. There is a group of people following him, usually with Shen Fei. Not very rightHearing Ye Hong’s words, Shen Fei tightly grasped his fist and almost handcuffed the bleeding.This matter does not know what the truth is. No matter what, in the Holy Spirit School, such things as maddening, the most embarrassing thing is Shen Fei! “I listened to my sister and said that the girl did not like you. In that case, why do you force others to free her and avoid wearing a dark green hat one day?” Ye Hong laughed, and he was the family of Ye Zixuan. Brother, so I still heard about Xiao Liao-er's girl. Under the influence of Ye Zixuan, he was tit for tat in the class.Although Shen Fei was very depressed, Ye Hong always found him in trouble, but there was no way, Ye Hong’s identity kept pressing him. Even if he was angry, he tried to avoid direct conflicts with Ye Hong.In this matter, Shen Fei was unbearably tolerant and exasperated: “I’m a woman who Shen Fei can’t grab. If I don’t get it, nobody else wants it!”