Hearing Shen Fei's words, Ye Hongmei's hair was picky and his anger in the eyes flickered. Shen Fei was too hegemonic! This thing has done a bit too much! If Shen Fei wants to deal with Xiao Lian'er, Ye Hong will definitely shoot it! Ye Hong Leng grumbled and left straight away¥f, Shen Fei looked at Ye Hong's back, his mouth flashed a glimmer of grim smile, do not think that our sacred family was afraid of your wind and snow family, that there is a legendary demon psychic on the great, and one day, the sacred family will Replace your wind and snow family! “Nie Li!” sounds loud and clear.Looking at the sound of Nie Lixuan, I saw Xiao Ning Er Qiao in an elegant silk dress standing in the distance. "Ha, Ding Er, I haven't seen you in a few days. You're beautiful again!" Nie smiled a bit, and thought of the matter of Hu Yan Lan Ruo. It was a bit awkward.Hearing Nie Li's words, Xiao Lier's eyelids passed a happy look. His cheeks were slightly reddened. He handed out a space ring and handed Nie away: "You let me sell purple grass. I have sold all of them. This is the money that sells yarrow grass!” When he heard Xiao condensate, Lu Piao and Du Zey looked at each other. They didn’t know what Nie left to give Xiao Ning'er what ** soup he was. From afarIf he had just finished arguing with Huyan Lan, he did not come to question Nie Li. Instead, he gave an overwhelming amount of money to sell purple cilantro.This, this ... ... Lu Piao and Du Ze really do not know what to say, this is the original Dinger goddess it? However, in front of others, Dinger goddess is still so cold and noble and noble, unable to approach, but Nie Li is unique."Thank youNie Li received it with impunity. It seems that there is nothing polite about him."Ginger Goddess, do you really fight with Huyan Lan?" Lu Hui blinked and looked at Xiao Lian'er with a look of gossip.Xiao Lier looked up and looked at Nie Li. She was slightly ashamed and said: “Nothing, I just argued with her a few words.Nie Li, do you really like that woman? "" Nothing, the woman is too annoying, and she will ignore it later! Nie Shiwan"Oh!" Xiao Ning Er should say a thing, the heart is actually a sigh of relief, after all, Hu Yan Yan is so sexy, so she has a sense of crisis"These days I practiced a lot of sweat and I was stinking. We're going to take a bath in the bathhouse. You're going to go together?”"I, I don't go!" Xiao Xinger glanced at Lu Piao"You can join Nie Li. We won't make it!"When I heard Lu Piao, Xiao Ning Er blushed with blush."Lu Piao this kid dog can't spit ivory, don't care about him!" Nie Li took a look at Lu Piao's head, and Xiao Ning'er Road"OkXiao Ninger nodded, that shy appearance, there is a kind of indescribable touching"Nie Li, you are too loyal, actually said in front of the Goddess of Condensation, I can't spit out ivory in my dog's mouth, and I can't fight with you! I can't fight with you!" Watching Nie Li and Lu Piao When Xiao Ning'er couldn't help but admire her, she had been around for so long without such a friend. She suddenly passed a figure in her mind. That was Ye Zixuan. When she was little, she and Ye Zixuan were very good. Friends, but unfortunately the distance between the two is getting biggerMoreover, Nie Li likes Ye Zixi! Xiao Ninger secretly thought, she will not lose to Ye Ziyan! In the distance, a group of more than a dozen people walked slowly. They were dressed in Chinese clothes. The leader was a young man of about 30 years old. He was tall and slightly yellowed hair covered most of his face, like an eagle. In the eyes, with a bit of hazeThe young man's eyes swept over Nie Li's body and his eyes flashed a glimmer of color. Then he calmed down, spoke to several people, and passed by Nie Li and others.Nie from the eyebrows a slight pick, that person flashed in the eyes of a trace of the strange, was captured by Nie, Nie Centrifuge secretly thinking, he met with this person? As the young man brushed by, Nie was able to catch a hint of breath. This group of people was the dark guilds they met in the remains of the city of Quran.Nie looked away calmly and did not show anything. If he showed any surprised look and was discovered by the young man, maybe the other party would kill him.In the distance, the young man looked back and looked at Nie"Boss, this kid shouldn't recognize us!" said a man next to him."Ok"The young man slightly dagger, he is that deacon Yunhua, they have a special identity, must be very careful in the city of Golan"Do you want to do it?" asked another man."No!" Yunhua Deacon shook his head and killed people in the city of glory.Nie Li and Xiao Ninger, Du Ze, Lu Geng and others walked two streets until they couldn't see the people. Nie was relieved that he was relieved.“Dinger, who was the group just now?” Nie asked with a faint smile.“Is those people just now?” Xiao Ninger recalls, Yan Yan smiled. “People who are picking stars, look like the industry of the sacred family!” Xiao Dinger does not know why Nie left this question.Stars restaurant? The sacred family's industry? Nie Li slightly decapitated, these are recordedThis glorious city is a real crisis. It seems that it has to show some abilities and some more ways to save lives.“We went to the Alchemist Association first!” Nie Li thought for a moment. The situation in the City of Glory was much more complicated than he had imagined. He didn’t know how many dark Guild’s people lurked. It seemed that he had to be careful.Nie Li carefully recalled that in the last battle of the glorious city of the past, those who finally fought bravely and died in the final battle with the savage beast are relatively trustworthy.Nie Li wants to get as much resources as possible! In the city of glory, although the Association of Alchemists was a bit declining, it was still a monster-like existence. It was only slightly inferior to the three great families.Nie Li’s mind also has knowledge of alchemy. If used correctly, it may help the Association of Alchemists to rejuvenate. The Association of Alchemists is strong and can strengthen the city’s strength. This is also considered Nie Li’s brilliant city. ContributionsThe Association of Alchemists, which is a continuous building, is surrounded by courtyards and pavilions. It covers an extremely wide area. There is a hall in front of it. Alchemists wearing robes of various colors go in and out.Although the Association of Alchemists is now declining, from this majestic complex, one can imagine how brilliant that association was.Alchemists are divided into apprentices, masters, and masters. Each level is divided into elementary, intermediate, and advanced levels. Apprentices wear gray robes, masters wear white robes, and masters wear silver robes.The general associations in and out of the Alchemists’ Association are all apprentices. Masters are very rare. Occasionally there are one or two people.Alchemy lost its way, so talented geniuses don’t want to spend time on alchemy and concentrate more on cultivation. Therefore, the Alchemists’ Association’s young and young, the younger generation’s alchemists are less.After entering the association of the Alchemists, Xiao Geling, Du Ze and Lu Piao and others looked around and they didn’t quite understand what Nie had left to do here.Nie Li recalled carefully. At this time, the Association of Alchemists was the most powerful group of six people's Presbyterian Church. They were all old folks. The lowest was the middle-class alchemy master, and there were two senior alchemists. As for the masters, The current association of alchemists doesn't seem to have yetIn addition to the six-person Presbyterian Church, there is also a Young Director who is responsible for managing the miscellaneous events of the Association of Alchemists.In the last battle of the glorious city of the past world, the Association of Alchemists has exerted a great deal of effort. At the end of the day, everyone was brave enough to die in that battle. At least they can be sure that they should not be gangs with the sacred family.“Hello, may I ask you something?” a little girl in a gray robe came over and asked, she was the person in charge of the reception of the Association of Alchemists."I want to take an examination of the Master Danshi!" Nie away looked at the tall little girl in front of her and smiled faintly. "I don't know how this girl called it?" Xiao Lier, Du Ze and Lu Geng and others looked at him in astonishment. They also thought that Nie came here to find people. Didn't think that Nie Li came to the alchemy division. Is it because Nie Li is also very proficient in alchemy? With Nie Li for so long, any enchanting thing happened on Nie Li’s body. Duze, Lu Geng and others would not be surprised.The little girl took a look at Nie Li a bit surprised. Now that young people have passed the examination of Danshi, there are already very few people. There is new blood injection. The Association of Alchemists is certainly very welcome."You call me Xiaolan. You're going to take a junior apprentice. Are you ready before you come? First-time apprentice, but you must read more than a dozen copies of alchemy!" Xiaolan smiled a little, and that was more than ten. The thick, up to hundreds of thousands of words of alchemy has already made it impossible to know how many people are afraid of it.But this is no way. If you want to become a master of alchemy, if you don’t even know the most basic principles of immortality and the principle of immortality, it’s going to be life-threatening."Little girl, can I take the junior alchemy master?" asked Nie to Xiaolan.Xiaolan heard Nie Li’s words and stayed awkwardly for a moment. Then he laughed and said: “Although that is not impossible, but do you know what preparations are needed to reach the master realm of alchemy? Except for the foundation of more than 10 copies of alchemy, There are research books that read hundreds of different kinds of herbs!” Xiaolan glanced at Nie Li, thinking that Nie was a farsighted person. Even if Nie Li started reading books from her mother’s womb, I’m afraid I can’t finish reading those classics. Not to mention being proficient, and the general master of the alchemy has many decades of apprenticeship experience. Nie is not afraid that even Lian Ding's furnace tripod has not touched on it. Even if it passes the first pass, the second pass of alchemy, I’m afraid How can I not be able to pass it? Nie Wei is also too eye-opener, and I don't know if I can study hard, I would like to go to heaven! Nie Li looked at Xiaolan and blinked, and said: “Is it true that you don’t want to grow old?” Xiaolan’s girl took me to the primary alchemy master examination room!” read3();read4();