However, Nie from this request, she can not refuse, because it is the Association of Alchemists, whether it is a primary apprentice or junior alchemy master assessment, are completely open to the outside world! Anyone can participate, there is no age requirement, you only need to pay two hundred magic moneySome senior apprentices will even come to take the exam every other month, because once they pass through three levels, they will be admitted to the primary master of alchemy, and their status will change dramatically.However, the assessment of primary alchemy masters is not so easy. In general, one hundred people are estimated to have left a few exams. The second and third barriers are said to be even more difficult. "Participating in the examination of master alchemy of the alchemy requires payment of two hundred demon spirit coins, and one-time payment is required before entering the examination room!"said Xiaolan girl to Nie Li"Two hundred demon spirit money only, take me past it!" Nie Li to Xiaolan girl road, looked back to see Xiao Lian children and others"You wait here first, I'll come to you when I pass the exam!" Nie Li looked relaxed and comfortable."Well, wait for you to have a dinner together at night!" Laughing Lu, apparently very confident"Nie left to refuel!" Xiao Ninger put his hands on his chest and said softlyHearing the dialogue between Nie Li and Lu Piao and others, Xiaolan's girl could not help but turn a blind eye. It was an assessment of the master of the alchemy. It was not an apprentice's assessment. Nie had been too unaware of the so-called appellees. They thought Is the primary alchemy master so good? Nie from the two hundred demon spirits is mostly white flowers, but Nie is away from spending money, is not related to her affairs, she just need to do their duty just fine“Come with me!” Xiaolan’s girl grinned and said nothing.In the primary alchemy master examination room, a long hallway has been extended into the distance. Next to it is a small room. Each participating in the primary alchemy master examination will enter one of the rooms to complete the complex alchemy knowledge assessment, and then by several junior alchemists. After passing the review, can it enter the next round of assessmentA total of six people took the test this time. Three of them were young people in their thirties. Two of their hair were already white.When they saw Xiaolan leading Nie to come in, they were all dumbfounded.One of the young people's eyes fell on Nie Li's body. His eyebrows creased slightly and said, “What are you doing here?” Nie looked up at the young man and said lightly, “I’m here to be with you, of course. Come to take the exam!” The young man took a look at Nie Li’s clothes. Nie Li’s clothes were not the sons of certain families. He laughed contemptuously and said, “Haha, the bigger child actually came to join the master of the alchemy. Assessment, children, you took the wrong place, to go to participate in the primary apprenticeship exam is about the same!” A 13-year-old juvenile actually came to participate in the examination of the master alchemy, which is simply an insult to them! "Who are you?" Nie gave a glimpse of the youth"I am the younger brother of the Chu family of the Emperor of Medicine, called Chu Ning!" said Chu Ning proudly."The family of the yin Pharmacy? The Chu family also deserves to be called the "Dan Pharma family"?" Nie smirked in disgust. He remembered Chu Yuan, who had had a festival in the city of Quran before. The guy looks like the Chu family. of"I have had three senior alchemists, six middle-class alchemists, and more than two dozen masters of alchemy in the history of the Chu family. How could it not be a family of dan medicine?" said Chu Ning proudly.“What's the use of the glory of the past for the past, now? The Chu family is now a master of the alchemy of the whole, but also deserves to be called the “Danmei” family?” Nie replied with a smile.Chu Ning did not expect Nie to leave a child. He actually knew so clearly about the Chu family, and he had such a good reputation."Oh, what about it? I'm sure that Chu Ning will become a master of alchemy. I'll hurry to get out of it. This is an alchemist master examination room. It's not where you play!” Chu Ning grunted Although he had already passed the exam twice, this third time he was still quite confident.When they heard about Chu Ning, the next few people giggled lowly, and at least they had been immersed in the alchemy for more than a decade or even decades. They had only just started to participate in the examination of the master of the alchemy. Having been examined by a child, where does their face go? Nie Li shrugged and calmly said: "We will see it again!" Nie Li pushed a door and walked in.Chu Ning sneered and he didn’t believe it. The extent to which a little kid could practice alchemy to a certain extent, he walked into one of the gates.After Nie Li walked in, two junior alchemists were sitting in front of each other. They were all old men in their 50s and 60s. They had tables and chairs next to them, a stack of scrolls and a horn pen.When Nie came to see him, one of the junior masters of alchemy stunned and asked, doubtfully: “This trainee, are you taking the wrong place? This is the examination room for the master of the master alchemy!” “Two masters, I did not go Wrong, I came to participate in the Master Alchemy Master Examination!” Nie Li said politely, and for court examiners, politeness is betterThe two masterminds of primary alchemy looked at each other and did not know which child actually rushed to participate in the examination of the master alchemist. After a while, Nie Li would know how hard it was to test the master alchemy. If it is not for decades that it is immersed in the alchemy, it cannot be a master of alchemy! "Well, there are 360 ​​or more pages on this table. They are clipped to the pages of the book. You pick a few from it. It is filled with all kinds of alchemy. You put the answer on it. Twenty shots are taken. Two hours later, the correct rate must reach 90% or more to enter the next round of tests!” said one of the masters of alchemy."This master, you help me to choose a few!" Nie Li looked to one of the masters of the alchemy, said that the scroll was selected by the alchemist master, then put an end to the possibility of cheating! The master of alchemy saw Nie Li’s clear eyes and nodded slightly. “Yes!” He randomly selected twenty of the scrolls and put them in front of Nie Li. “That's it!” Nie Lina From the horn pen, I glanced at the problem on this scroll and smiled at the corner of my mouth. These questions were simply too simple to him. Like a master of alchemy who was an alchemist's apprentice, Nie Li was with the alchemists. Cognition goes far beyond the realm of masters of alchemy! Some problems, Nie Li worry about writing complex answers to these alchemy masters do not understand, deliberately write the answer is very simple, and some of the answers are clearly wrong, Nie can only write up, because these alchemists The cognition of alchemy did not reach that level at all! Nie left the pen, brushed and brushed to answer dozens of questionsThe two alchemists still thought that Nie was not even able to solve a single problem. He did not expect Nie to do very quickly. He quickly completed the answers to dozens of questions. They also thought that Nie Li was scribbled. , looked up and looked“The first question is the sixteen uses of Yuanlingcao. Hey, it's a good answer. If you can't miss it, you can write it out!” “The second question is the detailed process and precautions for the refining of Yuanyuandan. Twenty The six steps are very complete!” The two alchemist masters looked at each other. Their first response was that Nie Li must have cheated. How could a 13-year-old child be able to understand these processes so thoroughly? In fact, it is a very simple question, but this is randomly selected from tens of thousands of herbs, thousands of kinds of immortality, and how profound knowledge can we answer these questions? But it was clear that they were drawn out of the scrolls, which almost eliminated the possibility of Nie Lie's cheating! A 13-year-old child can't read so many classics even if he starts reading various classics from his mother's womb! The two alchemists are gazing at each other. In this world, are there really extraordinary people who are born to know? When you are born, you know that when you are born, you have wisdom that is difficult for ordinary people.Under normal circumstances, it takes at least a quarter of an hour for ordinary people to complete a paper roll, and ten sheets can be completed at the required time. The number is very small, and many people are stuck with some problems.However, Nie away is doing all these problems without any pause. It is almost at the speed of completing three papers in a quarter of a century.In less than an hour, ten papers have already filled the answerWhen Nie Li finished each paper, the two masters of alchemy would read the book. As a result, they were horrified to find that ten papers did not even have a single error. Some questions were answered very subtlely and exceeded the records of some ancient books. , so that they are no exception! The two masters of alchemy were amazed and excited. This matter must be reported to the Presbyterian Church and let the president know! Nie still has such amazing knowledge when she is still young. Wait a few years and have it? Maybe Nie Li will become the person who revived the Association of Alchemists, and they can't help but feel excited. By that time, Nie Li's grading instructor will also be a hero! "I don't know what family this son is?" One of the old men said with a grin. "My name is Hu Yanming. His name is Mu Yang. They are masters of primary alchemy!" "The two mentors directly called the student's name on it. My name is Nie Li, from the Tian-tzu family!” Nie said immediately and humbly. Even if there is another surname, he does not know whether he is the one who has called his family.Hearing Nie Li’s words, Hu Yanming and Mu Yangyang both turned their eyes and bent. The title of Nie Liren’s teacher left two primary alchemists happy.It's true that if you are young and you have such a talented talent, but you are not arrogant, if Nie Li can really have a place in the Association of Alchemists, this teacher can improve their status.