The Tian Lu family, the two primary alchemists had a bit of impression. It was a very small family within the family of nobles. There was no fame and strength was not great.The two of them smiled a bit. If Nie Li comes from a family of wealthy families or even a top-family family, they will not even care about Nie Yi. Nie Li will not care for her, but Nie Li comes from a small family. It will be easy to handle.The two junior alchemists talked with Nie Li and found out that Nie Li was a master of alchemy and was very familiar with the actual operation process.The two of them had been immersed in the alchemy for decades. At the end of their 40s and 50s, they finally took the masters of junior alchemists. When they thought about the age of Nie, they could not help but blush.Really more dead than people! Nie Lizhi was a teenager, and he already had a knowledge not inferior to them! Really ambitious is not high! It's time to give grace to Nie! The two primary alchemists collected the papers of Nie Li and prepared to show them to the president. The humble and genial talents could not let him slip away! “Nie Li, you wait here first, we two go to see the president to see if you can trick you into the Association of Alchemists!” Said the two masters of the alchemy, said with a smile."That's a trouble for the two mentors!" Nie Li became more humble and slightly swayed.After seeing Nie Li's move, the two primary alchemists, who were all happier, were happy to have the whole body's pores relaxed. They took the notes and hurriedly left.At this time, in the room next doorChu Ning is trying hard to make papers. Half of the time has passed. He only completed three sheets.This is the third time he has taken the junior master alchemy. In the first two times, his correct rate is less than that of Liu Cheng. Besides, there are three blanks that are blank. He has read all he does not know until he is proficient. Come here for the examBefore he came, he secretly gammoned, this time he must be over! However, on this test, he found it harder than the previous one! Chu Ning complained that before he came, he put a lot of answers in the space ring, but the two primary alchemist masters looked around and he had no chance to cheat.After an hour passed, there were only a few answers on his rolls.Seeing the answer from Chu Ning, the two primary alchemists of the invigilator could not help but shook their heads. The correct rate of Chu Ning could only reach 60% at the most, and it became a junior alchemist, and at least a correct rate of at least 90% must be achieved.Two hours later, the bells ringing outsideChu Ning didn't want to think about it. He certainly hadn't had it before. He stood up a little bit, and went to walk outside. This time he failed. He had a chance to re-take the Master Lian Dan Master exam a year later! In the hallway, one by one, the students who came to take the Master Alchemy examination came out. Only one person in his thirties was happy and the others were crying. This first level was too difficult.Alchemist Association Elders Hall"President, you look at this paper!" Hu Yanming handed two papers to the ancient YanThe entire Alchemist Association has a total of two senior alchemists. Gu Yan is one of them. At the same time, he is also the president of the Alchemists Association. He has gray hair and is over 60 years old.A volume only, two junior alchemists rushed to hand him to see him, but he was interrupted by alchemy but his mood was not good.“President, this is a paper for the student when he is taking the junior alchemy exam. Please tell the chairman what you want!” said Hu Yanming. Even if he saw that President Yan Yan’s look was not very good, they did not take it for granted.Ancient Yan grumbled, picked up the papers, looked at them and said: “This trainee is learning well. All questions are answered correctly. Some of the answers are very insightful. Let him go to the second round of tests!” The look is a little relaxed. After all, the person who can answer all the questions in the first round of master alchemy examination is still relatively young.Hu Yanming and Mu Yang smiled, and Hu Yanming said: “I ask the president to let him pass him directly and join our Association of Alchemists!” “Directly through?” Gu Yan's eyebrows picked and shook his head. “This is not possible. I want to be A master of basic alchemy, in addition to knowing a lot of alchemy experience, but also know the actual operation Caixing, if he only passed the first pass, there is absolutely no practical experience, can not be a master of the alchemy of the master!” “Chairman If that person is a thirteen-year-old child? Even though there is no actual alchemy experience, but experience can be cultivated! If we miss such a genius boy, we will certainly regret it!” Mu Yang said on the sideHearing Mu Yang's words, Rao was calm and as if it were ancient inflammation, he suddenly asked in a loud voice: “What did you say, he is a 13-year-old child?” “Yes, President!” Mu Yang and Hu Yanming nodded at the same time. Road“Do you guys coax me to lie to me? A thirteen-year-old child may be able to read so many alchemy books and complete the primary alchemy master's paper!” Li Yan’s sharp murmur swept over Muyang and Hu Yanming."How can we dare to deceive the president?" "You go and bring him, and immediately let Yang Lishi come to me. This matter must not tell anyone, even the other elders, understand!" Yanghe Huyan Mingdao said that if there is such a genius, it must be cultivated into its own system.“Yes!” Mu Yang and Hu Yanming’s heart moved and looked happyThe Association of Alchemists, together with six elder elders of ancient inflammation, each has its own interests and keeps secrets for ancient inflammation. From this day onwards, both of them will become confidants of the president.Mu Yang went to call Yang Lishi, and Hu Yanming rushed to meet Nie Li.In the hallway of the examination roomChu Ning walked out a little dejectedly, and when he saw that Nie was already out early, his eyebrows picked up.A few people are beating Nie away"Little brother, you did a few questions?" said a young man with a smile. He was the only one who passed the exam.Nie Li shrugged and said: "These questions are too simple, and there is absolutely no challenge!" Hearing Nie Li, everyone looked at each other.Nie Li’s words just stung like a dripping culprit by those problems. Chu Ning coldly sang: “I speak out loudly. If you answer more than 10% of the correct answer, I immediately stripped my clothes off. The whole city of glory runs three laps!" "Then you can run now!"When you hear Nie Li, everyone can't help but wonder if Nie is so confident. Do you not know how Nie departed from the results of the first assessment? At this moment, Hu Yanming rushed overSeeing the white robes of the primary alchemy masters on Hu Yanming, these people suddenly stood up and stood straight."Nie Li, the first pass you have already passed, come with me!" Hu Yanming slapped a glance at these people, completely ignoring these people"Ok"Nie left nodded slightly“Is the first pass passed?” Hearing the words of Hu Yanming, the crowd suddenly stayed on the spot, especially Chu Ning, as if by a lightning strike.How can this be? Nie is only a thirteen-year-old kid! Is it wrong? Am I dreaming? The 13-year-old boy actually passed the first assessment. This is the first time in hundreds of years. It is no wonder that Hu Yanming took Nie Li away alone.Everyone remembered the mockery of Nie before, and his face was burning. A 13-year-old boy actually passed the examination. Some of them were three or forty years old, some were even larger, but they were even the first one. However, this makes them feel at easeChu Ning Hao, he did not expect that Nie actually actually passed the first exam! Must be their cheating, yes, it must be! Chu Ning walked out of the way. No matter what, he didn't pass the first pass. It was a fact. It was inevitable that he would be beaten by his uncle after he returned."Hey, where did Chu Ning go?" "Didn't he just say he would strip his clothes and run three rounds around the city of glory?" In the eyes of everyone, Chu Ning ran away in a hurry, letting him The City of Lights stripped off his clothes and ran three times. How did he lift his head?When everyone looked at him, Nie Li’s figure gradually drifted away. Nie Li did not care about those bets, or said that he did not think of Chu Ning at all! Nie Li and Chu Ning are destined to be people of two worlds. Nie Li’s achievements are destined to make him lookWatching Yan Yanming, who is a master of the alchemy of the alchemy, is also somewhat pleased with Nie Li. Everyone can't help but reveal an envious vision.Association of Alchemists, Board of Directors“Nie Li, the president and Yang Lishi immediately arrived. Please wait!” Hu Yanming said, looking eagerly at the talented young man, and Nie Li’s calm temperament, which made him feel an illusion, as if he were in front of him. This boy is not a thirteen-year-old boy, but an equal alchemist who is equal to himself! "Yeah!" Nie Li shouted slightly. He looked around. The director's hall was quite open. A round table and chairs were placed in the center, and a wall was covered with various notes.“What is that?” Nie Li asked to ask Hu Yanming.“This is where alchemists exchange their experiences. Alchemists mastered the problems encountered in alchemy and wrote to all alchemists. Sometimes, they will help the alchemists to solve various problems.As long as you know the answer, you can write the answer on paper for everyone to demonstrate! "Hu Yanming said that through this method, alchemists master each other's alchemy skills."Oh!" Nie nodded and nodded slowly. He walked slowly toward the wall. He had to show enough strength to attract the attention of President Yan Yan. Otherwise, it was not enough just to get the training of the Alchemist Association. Does Nie need to cultivate? What Nie Li needs is borrowing the power of the Alchemist Association! It seems that Nie Li is very interested in all kinds of alchemy knowledge. Ah, Hu Yanming thought with a smile and walked along with Nie Li.Of course, he does not feel that Nie can solve these problems on the wall. Many of these problems have accumulated for many years and cannot be solved. Some problems even cannot be solved by ancient Yan who is a senior alchemist. Read3();read4();