Nie Li went to the side of the wall. The densely packed pieces of paper were all problems encountered in alchemy. On the table beside, there was a horn pen.Hey, Nie Li picked up a horn pen from the desk"Wait!" Hu Yanming quickly stopped and said, Nie left ready to do? “What's wrong?” Nie asks questioningly to Hu Yanming."Do you want to answer these questions?" Hu Yanming asked tentatively"Yeah, isn't it possible?" Nie asked from the blink of an eye."It can be, but..." Hu Yanming wanted to say that many problems on this wall are actual problems encountered by the alchemists in the process of alchemy. It is impossible to answer the books by simply reading the books. Acting in his own hands, he does not think that Nie can answer these questions."Since it is OK, then there is no problem!" Nie Li smiled brilliantly and raised the horn pen to start writing on it.Nie Lifei is flying and every time he sees a problem, he doesn't even blink his eyes and he quickly writes down the answer.Hu Yanming sees Nie Li answering these questions so quickly, with no smile, and even if Nie Li does not even operate on the ground, he has to answer these questions. If he is afraid to laugh, his eyes fall on one of the problems. It is a The balance of the medicament“How is Centella asiatica, Jiuxiancao, and gentian should be matched! According to the theory of alchemy, these three herbs can be combined to produce strong detoxification medicines. However, no one has answered!” Hu Yanming murmuredNie Li's answer is that no matter how the ratio is matched, it will not be able to make a successful system. Instead, it should be replaced with primrose grass, and the ratio is three to one to two! The herb of Solanum nigrum is similar to that of gentian, and they are both rejuvenating detoxification herbs. However, gentian grass is very strong, and solanum nigrum is more peaceful, and this ratio is also very perfect."Good!" Hu Yanming clamored. He couldn’t wait to try to refine it and verify the ratio.Hu Yanming continued to see that Nie Li’s answer was very subtle. Although he did not know right or wrong, it was worth experimenting.Although most of them are still unable to determine whether this is the correct answer, there are several that Hu Yanming can determine, such as the issue of the manufacture of drugs, and Nie Li’s answer is correct.Hu Yanming looked at Nie Li’s eyes and gradually colored some colors, filled with admiration and admiration. Because of the above problems, even President Yan Yan could not solve it.Do you know that Nie Li’s knowledge is even beyond the masters of advanced alchemy? Reached the legendary master's level? This is what kind of enchanting ah, Nie still only thirteen years old, which also does not make people live? As a junior alchemist, Hu Yanming has always been very proud. After all, the master of alchemy in the entire Alchemist Association has only a hundred people in total. But now, seeing Nie Li, who is young and yet possesses such amazing knowledge, Hu Yanming really has a kind of urge to kill a head on the wallOnly a moment later, Nie Li has already answered 100 questions. Then he put down the pen and murmured: “These questions are not very difficult!” If you hear Nie Li’s words, Hu Yanming is almost vomiting blood. These problems are, however, The problem that the entire Alchemist Association could not solve and accumulate over the past few years, Nie Li actually said it was not difficult! However, Hu Yanming realized that the arrival of Nie Li might lead the Association of Alchemists to usher in a new era. The answer to these problems is just enough to validate the influence of the Association of Alchemists. The force rose to a level! When Nie Qi answered these questions, an old man with white hair and a sexy, attractive tall beauty was already standing behind Nie Li.Both Yan Yan and Yan Yan saw Nie's moving pen writing on the fly. At the beginning, they still felt a bit funny. The problem here was not that Nie was able to answer this age, but when they looked at those things written by Nie Li. At this moment, any words can hardly describe the shock in their hearts.Ancient Yan and Yang Xin looked at Nie Li. What kind of enchanting is this existence? Is Nie really a 13-year-old kid? Although Nie's cheeks were so tender, both Yan Yan and Yan Yan almost thought that Nie was an old monster who had lived for hundreds of years.Without decades of research, it is almost impossible to reach the realm of master alchemists.Nie Li is only 13 years old, but his understanding of various kinds of alchemy knowledge seems to have surpassed primary and middle-class alchemy masters. He fears that he is no worse than Ancient Yan who is an advanced alchemist. Ancient Yan looked at Nie Li’s gaze and became extremely hot. In recent years, the status of the Association of Alchemists has become worse than it used to be. In the next few years, he feared that he would gradually decline, and several attacks on Wicked Animals. The Association of Alchemists suffered heavy losses. Many books and records have already been lost. Many of the medicines produced by the refinery have also been greatly reduced. Therefore, the loss of personnel of the Association of Alchemists is also serious. Many people are focused on martial arts. Few people are willing to join the alchemy.Ancient inflammation understands that this is wrong, and that the use of immortality is very helpful to cultivation. If there is no alchemy in the future, then martial arts will gradually decline.The Association of Alchemists, who have never been joined by others, has not had a new blood for a long time. I did not expect that today we have seen Nie away from such an enchantment and looked at the back of Nie Li. Ancient Yan has a momentary feeling. From now on, the Association of Alchemists may be there. Hands reach a new peak! Yang Xin's beautiful beauty was full of incredible, sexy red lips slightly open and close, towering chest undulating vigorously, she could not imagine, so many even alchemy masters helpless problem, actually be solved by Nie Yi one by one TheNie suddenly turned his head and looked at Yan Yan and Yan Yang“Gu Yan, Director Yang Xin, how are you!” Nie Li took the initiative to say helloGu Yan was a little surprised and smiled and said: "Little guy, you know us?" Gu Yan looked a bit, Nie Li is still quite handsome, he looked more and more like it, Nie away is simply a son of God! "Of course, knowing that as long as we are studying alchemy, we all know the names of President Yan Yan and Director Yang Xin. I remember I sent a discussion about the purple grass to Yang Lishi!" Nie Xiao smiled a bit, And Yang Xin, both men, had made great contributions to the City of Glory in their previous lives. Ancient Yan was killed with the landlord, and Yang Xin, in order to cover the transfer of residents of the glorious city, Nie Li saw it with his own eyes. In front of this beautiful woman's chest was pierced by snow and ice, and that scene made countless people cry."That statement about purple yarrow was made by you?” Yang Xin's beautiful alum was filled with incredible words. She was deeply impressed by that statement. Sixty kinds of functions of purple yarrow were used today. One by one, no deviationYang Xin had thought about who could write such an article. He feared that even Yan Yan, who was even the president of the Association of Alchemists, could not study the role of a new herb in such a profound way. Is it a glorious city? Did you hide a master of refining medicine? Unfortunately, the letter did not know where it came from, and Yang Xin sent someone to follow it without any clue.“Is that article written by you?” Gu Yan’s hand trembled slightly. He read the article and had a very profound influence on the development of the Association of Alchemists."Not me, it was written by my master. My master asked me to come to the Alchemist Association to test a title of an advanced alchemist master!" Nie said with a faint smile. In order to avoid being too enchanted, he rips an excuse. Sometimes it’s easier to pull tiger skinsAncient Yan slightly surprised, think about it too, Nie left such a young man with such achievements, there must be a master teacher behindNie had been so perverted since he was so young. The master behind Nie was at least an alchemist master? “I don’t know who is the teacher, we’ll meet youGu Yan said respectfully"I don't like to disturb other people!" Nie shook his head.Yang Yan blinked and looked at Nie Li intently. He wanted to see something from Nie Li's face, but she failed. Although Nie Li was only 13 years old, her character was calm and people couldn’t see the depth.Gu Yan nodded and said, "Since the teacher is unwilling to show up, then forget it. The Master gives out high disciples. With your talent, it is enough to match the title of an advanced master of alchemy. I hope to have the opportunity to meet the teacher later!" Some hermit strong people have some quirks and are normalNo matter how much a master of a hermit is in the end, as long as he is in the shining city, it is a great blessing to the city of glory! He will report this matter to Ye Momo and the landlord. If such a figure is good, the significance is very significant! As for the title given to Nie Li, the senior master of alchemy, Nie Li alone answered these questions that he could not answer. Nie Li was able to match this title. He now grants Nie Li from the title of Senior Alchemist, which is equivalent to Nie Bi. The one who sold it is good! "Yang Lishi, go and give him the papers, medals, and costumes of the senior alchemist master!" Li Yan said decisively“Yes!” Yang Xin turned to arrange, and he was amazed in his heart. He was a thirteen-year-old senior alchemist. This is the first time in the history of the Association of Alchemists! "In addition to certifying the titles of senior alchemists, I would like to discuss some cooperation with President Yan Yan." Nie smiled slightly and he was prepared to come."Cooperation? No harm!" In the heart of Fu Yan's heart, Nie Li came to talk about cooperation. I am afraid that Nie left behind the person who instructed it. Nie left no matter how old and young, it is no longer a 13-year-old child.“I have five kinds of formulations of immortality here, including raising my soul, my heart, my soul, my soul, and my erythritis. I've been turning Dan...” Nie said calmly, he doesn’t believe it. Speaking of these immortals themselves, the ancient inflammation is still not emotional"What? To keep the spirit of the soul, the soul of Dan, and the soul of Dan? There are red Yan Yan, Dan Dan, nine turn Dan?" Gu Yan drew a cold, Rao is always calm, and now it is not calmu