Now the Yanju that can be refined by Fu Yan and others can be refined and called the soul of the soul. The effect is very limited.The three kinds of elixir that nourished the soul power have been lost. The effect is at least dozens or even hundreds of times moreIn the era of Divine Empire, Poly-Soul is just a kind of primary medicine. It is a middle-grade medicine and its efficacy is ten times that of Poly. Dan is a high-level immortal, and its efficacy is a hundred times that of Poly.Quen Dan is a top-level drug, and its efficacy is thousands of times that of Poly-Soul. Even the legendary spirit master eats it. It also has a strong effect.As for the red-flavored body of Dan, it is also a valuable medicine worthy of gold. It can quench the flesh and greatly enhance the talent of the military.In the era of the Holy Empire, there were many warriors who could enter the realm of legendary martial arts. They were the effects of Chi Yan and Dan Dan. Now, not to mention legendary warriors, even the black gold level of the military is very rare.As for the nine turn Dan, it is full of legendary immortality, as long as there are nine turn Dan, even if some fatal injuries, eat a nine turn Dan can hold a breath, and then slowly recovered, This is the lifesaving medicine! Every year, innumerable martial artists and demon spirit masters play against the demon beast, facing the threat of death, with nine turn Dan, do not know how much life can be saved! “Does the respected master really have the formula of these five kinds of immortality?” Fu Yan’s voice trembled. He understood how important these five kinds of immortality drugs are for the City of Glory."Of course, my master traveled all over the Holy Spirit continent and learned a lot. It didn't come to the city of glory until several years ago, but he didn't want to show his face. So everything was represented by me! Among the five kinds of immortality, middle spirits and middle spirits More than an apprentice will be able to refine, Dan Dan wants senior alchemy apprentices to refine, As for quenching soul Dan and Chi Yan quenched body Dan, to be the first master of refining alchemy can refining, As for the nine turn Dan, the senior alchemy master can be refined Nie Lidao“Honors traveled to the mainland of the Holy Spirit and only came to the city of glory years ago.” In Gu Yan's heart, it's no wonder that the City of Glory has never heard of such a figure before. If such a person can stay in the city of glory That will be a great asset! “My master was originally trying to donate the formula of the five kinds of immortality to the Radiant City Alchemist Association, but...” Nie left a little pause"But what?" Gu Yan was a bit anxious. He unknowingly picked up a pickpocket. He understood how important the five kinds of immortality would be for the City of Lights! The City of Glory is now in an unoptimistic situation. There are full of evil beasts in the mountains of the sacred ancestors, especially the three mighty realm of snow and ice beasts. Ye Mou can’t deal with it. Fortunately, the three Snow Wicked beasts are now In a state of sleep, if the three ice and snow creatures wake up, the situation of the shining city will be very dangerous.The history of the City of Glory has almost been destroyed by the city several times! The Ye Moi adults, after all, are slowly growing old, and no new legendary psychic masters are born."My master and his elderly people want to continue researching alchemy. They need a lot of resources. They have to spend a lot of demon money, so these five kinds of immortality can't be given to the association of alchemists.In the future, the five types of potency medicines refined by the Association of Alchemists, the money sold, my master and his elderly people to take away 30%, do not know whether President Gu Yan has any opinion? Even if my master takes away 30%, the Association of Alchemists can still have a profit of at least 30%.“Nie left the road, the profit of alchemy is very large, 60% of the profits are considered small, and some can even reach more than 90% of profits."This is what it should be!" Gu Yan hurriedly said, "Our Alchemists Association is willing to deliver 50% of the profits to the respected teacher!" Just kidding, these five kinds of immortality drugs have all been lost. If they are refined, they will get it. At the auction, almost every piece of immortality can be sold at a sky-high price. The profits are certainly amazing.Even if they give 50% of profits, they still have to earnIf you are really refining the quenching spirit Dan, Chi Yan, and Dan Dan, and the nine turn Dan, fear that even the legendary spirit spirit division Ye Mo adults, but also to come to them to buy medicine, not to mention those top families, giants of the family ! The wealth of those super-heroes is absolutely unimaginable to ordinary people! Nie Li smiled: “My master said that only three achievements can be made. If President Yan Yan is willing, President Yan Yan can get some money to finance the civilian children who are willing to learn alchemy!” Hearing Nie Li’s words, The ancient Yan's meal immediately revealed the color of admiration: “A respected teacher is a highly respected elders. Please respect the teacher and rest assured that this matter is given to me to do it, and to subsidize them in alchemy, but also to enlarge the Association of Alchemists. Influence!” Fu Yan always wanted to enhance the influence of the Association of Alchemists, and to restore the situation of the Decline of the Association of the Alchemists, but unfortunately the human and financial resources have not been enough.If there are any of the five kinds of immortality offered by Nie, they will have very amazing profits in the near future and they can spare no effort to do it! "As for the process of buying and selling, the respected teacher can send someone to supervise. If there are any unsatisfactory places, we will rectify it immediately!" said Yan Yan. Such a large business was given to the Association of Alchemists, and they were not assured and normal.“All of this is entirely the responsibility of President Yan Yan and Yang Lishi. My Master trusts two! And I believe that the two are not myopic!” Nie smiled a bit."That of course!" Li Yan quickly nodded and joked. There was an alchemist master who gave the business to them. They must not do it with all their heart. In the hands of the alchemist, it is surely far more than the formula for these kinds of immortality! "Well, this is the formulation and refining method of the five kinds of immortality. Please ask Mr. Yan Yan!" Nie Li handed the formula to Yanyan Road.Ancient Yan saw these formulas and froze it. He had no idea that the herbs used to make these potions were very ordinary and even homemade herbs. The cost was astonishingly low! Ancient Yan changed his mind and thought about it, just like the purple grass. Before Nie Li published his article, who would have thought of a large number of magical coins and had a great effect? ? With a glance at these herbs, Li Yan understood that the next thing the Association of Alchemists must do is to hoard these herbs as much as possible.The Association of Alchemists is not so united, and the elders are also competing for power. However, as long as Fu Yan controls the formulas of Quentin Dan, Yan Yan Dan Dan and Dan Jiudan, his position in the Association of Alchemists will be stronger than before. More consolidatedAfter a while, Yang Xin took the senior alchemist’s masterpieces, medals, and robes.“What is the matter in the future? Nie Li’s younger brother will be able to find the Yang Lishe directly. She will surely help him with everything. With these recipes, he will concentrate on alchemy in the next period."Ok"Nie Li slightly decapitated“This robe is a bit too big for you. Wait for the new robe to be ready. I will send it in person. I don’t know where you live. How can I contact you later?” Yang Xin asked Nie Li."I'm an apprentice in the junior class of the Shenglan Academy Wushu. I can go to the Shenglan College to find me!" Nie Yi thought about it.Hearing Nie Li's words, Yang Xin has a big mouth open. Can anyone imagine that Nie Li is just a student in the primary class of an apprenticeship artist? Think of Nie's amazing knowledge, Yang Xin is not smiling, and Nie Li is in the primary class of the military apprenticeship. It is a bit too talented! “If Nie Li Xiaoxiao Brother wants to enter the talented class of Shenglan College, I can personally go to the Dean of Shenglan College!” said Yang Xin. She is a director of the Association of Alchemists and has a very high status in the City of Lights. In the status of Shenglan College, there are some trainees sent to the Association of Alchemists each year."No!" Nie smiled faintly. He had his own plans. Those taught in the school had long been unattractive for him. He stayed at Shenglan College, on the one hand, for Ye Zixuan, on the other hand, For the treasures of the Holyland College! Hearing Nie Li's words, Yang Xin will understand that Nie Li’s stay in the primary class of apprentice military service is in fact Tibetan Mastiff, certainly because of some special reasons."Since nothing is happening, I will go first. I will come back to the Association of Masters!" Nie Li said to Yan Yan and Yan Yang."Okay, Yang Director, you sent Nie Lidao"Yes!" Yang Xin noddedAccompanied by Yang Xin, Nie Lixiang walked outside the Association of Alchemists.Ancient Yan looked at Nie Li's back and disappeared at the gate, looked at the formula in his hand, and looked at the questions answered by Nie Li on the wall. Ancient Yan was a dream, and his excitement could not be calm for a long time.After Nie left, the entire Alchemist Association is boilingA group of junior alchemists discovered that no one answered the questions they had written on the wall. They had all been answered and they went back and verified. The results of the verification made them startle because the final result was better than they thought. It's much better inThe people were shocked. Is it because this time, President Yan Yan Jin advanced the Grand Master? To know a lot of problems, President Yan Yan has not been able to answer, why suddenly there is an answer? One by one, they all wanted to find Gu Yan’s president to verify his guesses. But to their disappointment, President Yan Yan suddenly began to concentrate on alchemy and closed doors.And Yang Lishi, who has been responsible for the affairs of the Alchemist Association, has also made some strange moves and started mass mobilization of the financial resources of the Association of Alchemists and acquired various herbs.When many herbs are used in alchemy, they cannot be used at all. It is not too much to describe them as waste. They do not understand why Yang Lishi sent people to buy these herbs. The Association of Alchemists suddenly began to acquire large quantities of useless herbs. The ordinary residents of the City of Glory were also excited. Every day, many people went to collect wild herbs collected by the Association of Alchemists, even though the purchase price was very cheap. , but they still earn a small fortuneVarious herbs have been brought together to the Alchemists Association, and alchemists have been summoned for intermediate apprentices and above alchemists.