When the recipes for Huosu Dan and Dan Xing Dan were announced, the entire Alchemists Association was boiling.Ancient inflammation has verified that the five kinds of immortality formula are not wrong! The effect of keeping souls and souls is really much better than that of Poly. The formulas of immortality that have been lost in these two sacred empire times have finally returned to the world! Before Yang Lishi dissatisfied several elders who had dissatisfied with Yang Zhishi’s bulk purchase of waste herbs, he immediately shut up.Jokingly, among the dozens of herbs purchased by Yang Lishi, there are seven kinds of raw materials that are used to protect the soul and the soul of Dan, and these two kinds of drugs alone can help the Alchemist Association to not know how much money it has earned! At the same time, they also have some doubts. Only seven kinds of dozens of medicinal herbs purchased by Yang Lishi can be used in these two kinds of immortality. What are the remaining herbs used for? Did President Mo Yan Yan also hide some of the formulas for immortality and did not publish it? The Association of Alchemists began a mighty alchemy operation. Almost all the alchemists in the middle-level apprentices seized the time to refine the two kinds of drugs.The movement of the Alchemist Association quickly spread throughout the glorious cityThe long-lost spirit of protecting the soul and the soul of Dan, the effect is more than ten times or even hundreds of times stronger than the soul of Dan, the news came out, the entire city of glory shook upDue to its weak efficacy and high price, it is rather tasteless. Many people are reluctant to pay high prices. However, it is not the same as raising the soul and Dan, and the cost of raw materials is not much higher than that of Poly. The effect is so strongThe Association of Alchemists has already revealed that since the output of cultivating and collecting souls is very large, the price of cultivating oysters is twice that of JI, and the price of condensing dan is twenty times that of JI.The effect is tenfold, and the pricing is only twice and twenty times. The Association of Alchemists has suddenly caused a sensation.Everyone is looking forward to the large-scale sale of these two kinds of drugs! In this matter, Gu Yan’s idea is that although there is still room for improvement in the prices of these two kinds of drugs, if the pricing is too high, it is not conducive to large-scale promotion.The promotion of these two kinds of immortality at low prices can earn more money, enhance the strength of the City of Glory, resist the offense of Wicked Animals, and at the same time improve the influence of the Association of Alchemists. This is a matter of many things.The two evil spirits, Dan Yang Dan and Dan Xing Dan, came out. The Association of Alchemists, who had already fallen a bit unnoticed, immediately stood on top of the cusp. Everyone wanted to get these two kinds of drugs out of the Association of Alchemists. The prices of the two kinds of immortality on the black market were madly scrambled! Not long afterwards, the Shanzhu Government sent a secret order to the Association of Alchemists and let the Association of Alchemists pay close attention to the production of these two kinds of drugs.The impact of these two kinds of immortality on the city of glory is too great, and even the city's owners have attached great importance! All the members of the Association of Alchemists have worked overtime to make large-scale refining of the two types of medicines. Although they work much more than usual, they also receive several times or even dozens of rewards. Among them, none of them has been refined. Poly soul Dan this junk medicine! Concentrate on refining the soul and soul! There are some spirits and souls that have flowed out of the Association of Alchemists. After some demon spirits were eaten and refined, the effect was really good. Many of the repairs were of undead spirits, and suddenly they were greatly increased. People in the City of Glow are more excited and look forward to itMany aristocratic families are preparing to purchase large quantities of these two kinds of immortality and are used to cultivate the family’s younger generation.These two kinds of immortality may create hundreds or even thousands of demon spirits in the future! It is said that some of the dark guilds also bought a large number of stimulating and soul-staining dan in the black market. The brilliance of the city’s magistrates issued an urgent order. If someone sells these two kinds of stimuli to the dark guild, they will suffer Severe punishment! The two kinds of immortality have made the eyes of all the people in Guanghui City focus on the body of the Association of Alchemists. At this time, President Yan Yan suddenly heard the news that they will also refine the other three types of medicine, among them A kind of quenching soul, the effect is ten times stronger than that of the soul of Dan, and it has a strong effect on the black gold demon spirit master and even the legendary demon spirit teacher. There is a kind of Yanyang quenched body Dan that can greatly strengthen the flesh and let people eat. The strength of the person has been greatly improved, and there is also a kind of Nine Turn Dan. Even if it is fatally wounded, he can still hold a breath after eating it.In an instant, all the people in the City of Glory were even more shocked. It was said that on the night of the news release, the legendary virtuoso Ye Mo and the City Lord went to the Alchemist Association to meet with Yan Li at night and spent huge sums of money to purchase large quantities of Dan from the ancient Yan’s hands. medicineEven the legendary demon psychic teacher Ye Mo and the adults of the city care so much about the three kinds of immortality. All people can't help but have strong expectations for these three kinds of immortality.Soon, both the Hushen Dan and the Minxin Dan began to be sold in the shops of the Association of Alchemists, and the enthusiasm of the scene exceeded imagination. Apart from the family, various chambers of commerce and some small families, were all bidding enthusiastically. One day it sold as many as 600 million demon spirits. Just on this day, Nie Li will be able to get close to 200 million demon coins.Yang Xin made a special trip to send this money to Shenglan College and handed it to Nie Li’s hand.For some time in the future, Nie Li will have a steady stream of creditAll elders of the Association of Alchemists have been deeply stunned by this number. Ancient Yan’s position in the Association of Alchemists has been further consolidated. Previously, Elder Hu Shuo combined with the other two elders, and he wanted to compete for the position of President Yan Yan. But now, the eldest son of Shuo Shu has died down, and the two elders caught by Hu Shuo have also turned to ancient Yan.The financial resources of the Alchemists Association expanded to an alarming degree. They released news in the City of Glory and recruited their disciples on a large scale to join the Association of Alchemists. In addition to exempting all tuition fees, they can still use alchemists to make money after reaching the level of intermediate apprenticeships. The appeal of the association immediately rose. Many civilians who could not enter the Shenglan College joined the Association of Alchemists! More than a month passed quicklyEverything was very calm. Although there were occasional dark guilds in the city of glory, there was no big event. There were Ye Moi and the city owners sitting in the town. As long as they did not encounter the attack of the legendary evil beast, the city of glory could Stable as Mount TaiNie Li and Du Ze, Lu Geng and others have always been practicing in the Holy Land College. The cultivation is the most powerful exercises. Every day, the space ring has endless quenching dan dan and yan yan. In the evening, we use the purple grass to soak. Nie Li et al.'s cultivation can be described as rapid progress.Although someone outside wants to be disadvantageous to Nie, Nie Li and others have been hiding in Shenglan College. Those people are helpless.Year-end testing is getting closerThe results of this test will affect the future and destiny of each student at Shenglan College! Because the test is over, all students will be reclassified, and the gap between the students in the same class will be gradually pulled apart.After completing this test, the students of Shenglan College will be able to go home. They will also be asked by their parents. What will be the result of this year's cultivation?All students at St. Lan College are nervously preparing to achieve a good result in this test.In the junior class of military apprentices, the most important concern is that between Nie Li and the tutor Shen Xi.Nie Li, Du Ze, Lu Geng, and others have not appeared in the class for a long time. I don't know how Nie Li and others are doing now. In two months, they broke into the bronze one-star martial artist. How could it be impossible?“Shen and Yue’s boss, Nie Li from this group of people hide in the library every day and dare not appear in the college! It is estimated that he couldn’t possibly reach the bronze one-star realm and wait to drop out of school!” Shen Yue’s The men complimented with a smile, "Shen Yue boss ate a few souls Dan, fear is not far from the bronze two-star it!" Nie Li is really not dare to appear? Can Nie Li reach a bronze star? Shen Yue did not know how to answer, but Nie Li had defeated the bronze Samsung's Chu Yuan. Is it just because Nie Li's ability to control the soul power exceeds ordinary people? This seems to make no sense! However, Shen Yue would rather believe that Nie Li definitely did not reach the bronze one star! Since the emergence of Nie, Ye Zixuan has never seen him! Shen Yue's simple hatred of Nie Li! However, he has always had no chance to look for Nie Trouble and waited until the end of the test. If Nie left school, he is not ready to let go Nie Li. He must let Nie Lisheng die! Nie had previously revealed that the Chiyan Yanming Mingwen was a plagiarism, which caused the sacred family to wrath. The sacred family was already suppressing Tianxue's family in an all-round way. Even if Nie did not withdraw from Shenglan College, he would certainly become a bereavement dog. Shen Yue was almost imaginable. Nie away from that tragic end! "Who offended me by you and offended my brother!" Shen Yue thought in his heart that Nie Li was born to be right against their sacred family. The woman who robbed him did not say, but also robbed the woman of his brother, to know that his brother is the successor of the sacred family in the future! Throughout the entire Shenglan College playground and in the woods, people are practicing. In order to cope with this examination, many family members have eaten many healthy and healthy souls. The effect is still quite obvious.Some of the family's prominence, even got a one or two quenching Dan or red Yan Yan! The effectiveness of these immortalities is still quite obvious. This year's students have obviously increased their strength compared to the previous session. This makes the college's senior executives happy too.I don't know that among the students who graduated from this talented class, there are a few who can reach the silver five-star realm! It is possible to reach the silver five-star realm before the age of sixteen. The future will be the pillar of the glorious city and become an important power-holder in the glorious city. Generally, as long as it reaches the silver level, the future achievements will not be low.Nearly half of the students in the old talent class will graduate and leave. The new students will have some supplements. They do not know how many people will be eligible to enter the talent class at this session. This is very expectedSaint Lan College is full of lights, preparing for this momentous momentu