At the college’s Yanwu Stadium, the flag fluttered and the drum rumbling← The year-end testing that is waiting for is about to begin. This is a very important moment for every student.All the apprentices of the military apprenticeship classes and the apprenticeship classes of the demon psychiatrist gathered in a central area of ​​the Yanwu Stadium. Even Nie Li, Du Ze, Lu Geng, and others who had not attended the class for nearly two months all appeared. At the Yanwu Stadium, standing with the students in the classAfter seeing Nie Li, whether Ye Ziyan or Xiao Ning'er, he came over.Whether they were male students in their class or other classes, they saw that Nie Li stood with the two beautiful women and they were all envious.Nie from this guy is too unpopular, one person actually monopolized so many resourcesNie Li looked at Ye Zixi and Xiao Ninger. Both girls were more beautiful than before. Just like the fairies, whether they were the effects of the wind-winged pterosaurs and the nine-turned ice phoenixes.Whether it is a wind-winged pterosaur or a nine-turn ice urn, it is a very powerful exercise that can quench the body and remove the impurities from the body. Both girls have a feeling of floating.In the recent period of time, no matter whether it was Ye Zixuan or Xiao Lian’er, the repairs were very fast and they were far beyond their peers.So whether Xiao Lian Er or Ye Zixie, they are grateful for Nie Yi. Without Nie Li’s help, their cultivation cannot be promoted so fast.Ye Zixuan seems to see who, after talking with Nie, leave first! “Nie Li, I recently heard the family say that the business of the Tian Clan family was suppressed by the Holy Family.Xiao Ning'er walked to Nie away and said"Only the business was suppressed?" Nie said with deep eyes."Hang!" Xiao Ninger nodded. Even if it was as powerful as a sacred family, he could only suppress other families in business because the city of glory was strictly forbidden. If the sacred family dares to destroy the family of Tian marks, it is estimated that the legend Spiritual Master Ye Mo and adults of the city will not let go of the sacred family! "That would be no problem!" Nie said lightly. Since the sale of the scorpion of the Alchemists Association, Nie Li had earned hundreds of millions of demon coins every day. The income of one day was equal to the income of the family in Tianxie for several years. It was nothing to suppress the Tianxue family's business. After waiting for the college's year-end test, he would have to return to Tianxue. At that time, he would completely change the situation of the Tianxue family! Although not worried about what the sacred family will do, be sure to be careful with the dark guild that has collaborated with the Holy Family! The Dark Society may not obey the rules of the City of Glory. Fortunately, under the control of the City of Guards in the City of Light, the Dark Society will not generally do anything in the City of Radiance.Just as they chatted, a group of people came over here and it was Shen Fei, Shen Yue and others.Watching Nie Li and Xiao Dinger chat, Shen Fei’s eyes are full of fiends, but it quickly converges.Seeing Shen Fei coming, Xiao Ning'er face paled slightly, and Beibei bit his lip and walked a few steps to the side. She was not afraid of Shen Fei. She was determined to fight the Holy Family, but she was worried that she would Give trouble to NieSeeing Xiao Lier’s slightly flustered look, Nie Lixian pulled Xiao Liao’er’s arm and smiled slightly. “Jin Er, where are you going?” “Nie Li, quickly let go and let me bring you. It's troublesome!" Xiao Dinger whisperedNie Li shrugged, it does not matter tunnel: "Anyway, this is not the first time to offend the sacred family, and what is afraid of it!" across the thin silk clothing, Nie can vaguely feel the child's creamy skinXiao Ninger's cheeks are reddish and slightly shy. The touching look makes the boys aroundXiao Ning children can not help but feel a bit touched and sweet, Nie left for their own, completely hesitate with the sacred family completely turned it? "Keep your hands open!" Shen Fei saw Xiao Luer's look of shyness and grief. He could not help but mad at Nie Lie and pushed away from Nie.Nie Li and Xiao Ninger’s intimacy in the public’s appearance is simply playing naked on Shen Fei’s face because nearly everyone knows that Xiao Ning’er is his Shen Fei’s fiancee! Xiao Ninger liked Nie to refuse to welcome him. It was simply wearing a green hat on his head! Feeling that Shen Fei pushed it over, Nie deviated from his body, dragged his right hand, and took a slight evasion from Xiao Geling, escaping Shen Fei’s palm and pushing Shen Fei out.Shen Fei did not know how to avoid Nie's departure. In the next moment, he rushed with a palm to make him take a few steps back. He stared at his eyes and stared at Nie Li.He suddenly found out that he was far from deciding Nie Li. He must know that he is already a silver Samsung realm. How did Nie escape from his attack and gave him a backsliding? Next to those onlookers are also a slight glimpse, to know that Shen Fei, but the disciples of the genius class of the Shenglan College, actually suffered losses in the hands of Nie Li, this is really amazing, Nie from now in the end to achieve what realm? “You are Nie Li?” Shen Fei blinked and looked coldly at Nie Li.“Yes, who are you?” Nie Liming asked, knowing that Xiao Ting's slender waist was blocked by his right hand. This posture was a bit embarrassing. Nie Li was intentional. He deliberately focused Shen Fei’s hatred and attention on himself. Shen Fei thought that Nie Li took the initiative to pursue Xiao Lian’er, so Shen Fei wouldn’t bother Xiao Lian’er.Although Nie had already had some intimate behavior, but in front of so many students was stopped by Nie from the waist, Xiao condensate could not help but get cheeks hotThe students next to him all showed their admiration. Nie Li was forced to explode, and he took a large crowd to the waist of another fiancee. He actually asked who else was! They took note of one detail. The Gelang goddess did not resist Nie Li. It seems that the relationship between the two is indeed unusual! Hearing Nie Li’s words, Shen Fei’s lungs were blew up and his eyes were wide open. He was exposed in the neck and glared at Nie and said: “You remembered me, my name is Shen Fei, and my child's fiancé!” The fiancé of the children, who admits? Gelinger, is he your fiancé?” Nie looked away from Xiao Lian’er. He hadn’t waited for Xiao Ninger to answer. He smiled and looked at Shen Feidao. “You see, isn't it? You What is it? You also want to eat swan meat, wake up! It's up to you to be eligible to marry my family?” Xiao Ninger was dumbfounded. She hadn’t answered yet.The trainees were also dumbfounded. Nie was too shameless about this guy. "He was not my fiance. I never admit it!" Xiao Geling looked at Shen Fei in front of him and revealed a deep disgust. She understood what kind of person Shen Fei was. Some time ago, Shen Fei had just The two civilian female students were played badly, and finding someone to blame was only able to escape the prison disaster.Previously forced by the pressure from the sacred family, she dared not speak out, but now, she is not willing to accept it again.Hearing Xiao Lianer’s words, Shen Fei’s eyes were cold and ruddy, and his fury resentfully laughed: “Xiao Tinger, this is what you said, but don’t regret it! A small family of pterosaurs is really against it. Didn’t it?” Hearing Shen Fei’s words, Xiao Geling’s face was slightly whitish. She understood that with the strength of the Pterosaur family, it was impossible to fight against the sacred family, and then the Yilong family would likely suffer from the sacred family Thunder. The general blow, but it is impossible for Xiao Geling to give in. If she is with Shen Fei, she will feel sick every moment! When we heard the conversation between Xiao condensate and Shen Fei, the surrounding practitioners immediately understood it. It turned out that Shen Fei pressed the sacred family to pressure the wing family to force Xiao Lier! Xiao Xinger does not like Shen Fei! "Absurd and shameless!" "The original sacred family was such a group of people!" "It's no wonder that although the Gelao goddess is Shen Fei's fiancée, she never wants to have any contact with Shen Fei! It turns out to be so!" At this time, when they looked at Nie Li, they were no longer hostile as they were before. Instead, they were admired. In addition to Nie Li, who dared to confront the sacred family in such a brilliant way! Who dares to rescue the Goddess of Condensing in a fire pit so bravely? After hearing a lot of arguments from the practitioners, Shen Fei’s face was darker and more unsightly. He glanced coldly at the trainees around him. The trainees around him were afraid of avoiding and they dared not speak again."A kind of rushed to me and threatened a woman what kind of ability, how do you want to play, I Nie away at any time to accompany!" Nie away proudly looked at Shen Fei, like Shen Yue Shen Fei This is destined to he stepping past Stepping stone"This matter has nothing to do with Nie Li. It is my own idea!" Xiao Ninger looked at Shen Fei with a firm look and said quietly, "Shen Fei, I would rather die, and I will not be with you!" Shaw Gelinger is a person who would rather be broken than jade, although it may seem weak, but in reality it is a strong character. Otherwise, she will not step into the Dark Forest before she married Shen Fei.In the past tragedy, Nie Li will not let it repeat itself. From the time she first started to help Xiao Ning's child, after gradually becoming familiar with her, Nie Li was quite a bit favored by this beautiful, generous and strong girl. Xiao Geling treated as a sister"Oh, this can't be for you!" Shen Fei sneered a sneer“Shen Fei, I will apply to enter heaven and earth. If I pass the test of heaven and earth, even if it is a sacred family, I can't take me!” Xiao Dinger said proudly.“Ha ha ha, Xiao yin er, you are too ambitious, you thought you could pass the test of heaven and earth alone? For hundreds of years, only three people have been able to pass the test of heaven and earth!” Said fly tauntinglyDays of fantasy is a secret of Shenglan College. Only super-geniuses in each session are qualified to enter heaven and earth. If passed the test of heaven, it is the most dazzling genius of the entire glorious city, even Qualified as a disciple of the legendary demon Spirit Master Ye Moi! The person who enters the celestial paradise must be under the age of fifteen. Xiao condense is consistent with this, but Xiao Ning really thinks that her talent can reach this level? In the history of the glorious city, there were only three persons tested through the days of heaven and earth. One of them was the legendary demon psychic teacher Ye Mo. The other two people had already died in battle, but they also reached the peak of the black gold demon fighter during their lifetime. The legend is only one line away! Days of fantasy are the very sacred existence in the minds of all! If Xiao Ning Er really can pass the test of Tian Huanshengjing, then the sacred family can't really treat the Pterosaur family! ~~ On Monday, brothers and sisters, vote for your recommendation. ! u