How wonderful is it in heaven? However, Shen Fei could not think of it. During this time, Xiao Lian-er, who had trained the wind-winged pterosaurs, was no longer the Xiao-lung child before. After reaching the soul transformation, Xiao Geling’s cultivation was even more rapid, and she also received the full support of the whole family of Yilong. Today Xiao Liao’er is not"You still have to be eligible to enter the heavenly paradise." Shen Fei sneered a cold sigh, unless it is the outstanding outstanding disciples of each session, to enter the heavens and the world! Days of magic paradise! Nie Li smiled. This was exactly where he was going. In his previous life, he had returned to the shattered city of glory and entered the heavenly sacred environment. The hidden things there were simply impossible to imagine. Therefore, Nie Li is also required to enter the qualifications of heaven and earth. "Reassured, condensate will pass the test of Heaven's illusion, you are waiting for it, roll it!" Nie said coldly, people like Shen Fei are not worthy of his opponent, Nie Liyao It is not only the juniors of these sacred families but the whole sacred family! Shen Fei’s eyes fell on Nie Li’s body and a vicious thought flickered through his mind. He said with a sneer, “If Nie Li has any courage, our sacred family will organize a genius contest and the time will be invited. You Tianxie family, you and I compete with each other and have no complaints about life and death! How dare you dare? The crowds around the crowd could not help but secretly heard, Shen Fei, but the disciple of the genius class, has been seventeen years old, Xiuwei has reached the silver level, and Nie Li does not know if it has reached the bronze star, Shen Fei actually The opening must compete with Nie, this is simply to kill Nie Li! Even if Nie refused, no one would say anything."How do you dare to dare? Not dare to be kind!" Shen Fei disregards the dissatisfaction of those people around, smirkingXiao Ninger looked nervously at Nie Li immediately. Nie smiled lightly and squeezed Xiao Liao's tender little hand and gave Xiao Lianer a restful eye.“Since you challenged me, how could I dare?” Nie laughed at Hajarand, revealing a confident breath.The students around did not expect that Nie actually did not hesitate to accept the challenge of Shen Fei. Shen Fei, however, reached the silver talented class disciple! Nie Li is crazy? Looking at Nie’s self-confidence, Xiao Ninger’s heart was quickly put down and looked at Nie’s self-confident expression. Xiao Ning’er couldn’t help but he had a feeling that there was anything between the world. It is difficult to pour Nie away! Nie Li has a magical ability to balance all things"This is what you said. Don't go back. The genius of the sacred family organization is better than Wuluotai. I am waiting for you there!" Shen Fei grunted, his eyes glanced like a knife and glanced at Nie Li and Xiao Lier. You guys will have a good time for dogs and men, and then you will see how you cry! Shen Fei turned and walked away. Shen Yue in the distance also looked at Nie Liwei fiercely and then left behind Shen Fei.After a long time, Ye Zixuan came back and looked at Nie Li. He asked with concern: "I heard that you accepted the challenge of Shen Fei?" "It's okay, I have a sense of self, and when I see you care so much about me, I'm still very Touched!"Ye Zichen could not help but silently slammed his foot in annoyance: "Who said that I care about you?Shen Fei has reached the silver level early on. At least it is the repair of more than two silver stars. Do you have any assurance? "Although I don't care about my lips, Ye Zixi actually cares very much."Let's read it again!" Nie shrugged"You are willing to accept the challenge of Shen Fei for your sister, and it seems that you are really true to your sister, you have to treat her well. Otherwise, I will not spare you!" Ye Zixuan gave a cold cry and he did not know why. When Ye Zixuan spoke, she sighed in her heart. Now that you love Geling so much, why should you provoke me? Remembering those things that happened in the underground palace, she was a bit embarrassed. Nie Li looked at everything she shouldn't have seen."Shen Fei's character is inferior, I can't bear to believe that such a kind girl falls into Shen Fei's hands, so she rescues her!" Nie Li quickly explained that he was a bit favored by Xiao Ning'er. But this feeling is no matter what, it is not as good as the kind of life and death that he and Ye Zixuan used to have."You don't need to go anywhere!"After hearing Ye Zixie's words, Nie Li smiled. In his previous life, he experienced too much, he was contaminated by a lot of blood, and he did a lot of things that went against morality. But it was forced and he was not sinking anyway. Flying this villain"Do not have to explain this to me, anyway, nothing to do with me!"Ye Ziyan was always indifferent to outsiders, and refused to be a thousand miles away. She was a little angry and proved that she cares about herself! Nie left his head behind his back in his hands and took a deep breath. The world is so beautiful. He enjoys this feeling very much. Compared to his previous life, he kept drifting and kept killing. The life of the college is quiet and peaceful and disgusting. Shen Yue Shen Fei Chu Yuan these low-spirited villains, took liberties with Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er, this beautiful girl, this kind of life is really awful! After seeing Nie's pride, Ye Zixuan was irritated for a moment: "What are you laughing at?" "Is there a laugh? No!" Nie laughed.Ye Ziyan was depressed and bad. Nie was too annoying and too unflattered by this guy. She could not wait to take Nie away from violence! But I don't know why. Although she hates Nie Li, she still likes to stay with her. Maybe she has no friends for a long time. She is comfortable and comfortable with Nie Li.Seeing that Nie Li and Ye Zixuan smiled and smiled. The goddess of purple cicadas seemed to have a small temper on Nie Li. The charming and moving look was deceptive. All the male students just went crazy and Nie was away from this guy. Just had to hold the Goddess of Condensedness, and now I have to revise the goddessWhy are Nie away from one person? God is too unfair! Duze, Lu Piao, and others were even a bit envious of Nie Li, but they did not have the ambiguous feelings. Nie Li was their brother and brother of a lifetime! Duze and Lu Piao chatted with the students in the class. Duze showed his unique leadership qualities. There have been many civilian students who have expressed willingness to follow Duze.After a moment, Shen Xiu writhed and came over. Her eyes swept a group of practitioners and fell on Nie Li’s body.Shen Xiu said poorly: "The test of our class is coming soon! Everyone comes with me!" "Shen Xiu, before you said, if you reach the bronze one star, you will automatically resign. Didn't it count?” Nie suddenly said with a smile and smiled. “If you open your mouth to apologize to me and ask me to lift this bet, I can think about it!” How can it be so easy? Shen Xiu Leng grunted: "I speak in Shen Xiu, if you reach the bronze one star, I will resign!" Nie Li shrugged: "Then you quickly write a resignation!" "Wait for you Tested to reach the bronze one star!” Shen Xiuheng snorted and walked with all the students in the class to the test hall.Thousands of students from St. Lan College have a total of thousands, and each liner is still very slowMany students talked along the way"I heard that the Primer class had tested two soul powers to reach the students of Bronze Samsung! The demon fighter's primary class was really powerful!" "That is of course, many of them practice more than we have for a year or two!" "I I also heard that the first class of the Mingzhi Division tested a warrior with a power of two bronze stars!” A group of students dressed in different ways talked about it.There are six primary classes in the Sri Lankan College. Although the names are different, the talents are not the same, but the children are the most malleable, and often people will adjust the direction of cultivation. In all classes, the primary class of the demon spirit is Most noticeable because the class is the most talentedAccording to the development of past lives, Xiao Ning'er and Ye Zixuan will enter the primary class of the demon spirit teacher and complete the year's cultivation. However, Nie Li will remain in the primary class of the apprenticeship of the martial arts. Although it is very hard to practise, the cultivation is very slow. UnknownHowever, this world's trajectory is certainly not the same as in the past. Not only Xiao Lianer and Ye Zixuan, even Duze, Lu Piao and others, the fate will be completely changed! “The people in the primary class of the apprentice of the military came!” “Is that the most abolished class in the legend? It is said that many of them are the red level seamen!” “Can the Red Sea know how to cultivate the sea?” “But I listen. There are several talents that are good, and you will soon have bronzes, such as Ye Zixuan and Xiao Xinger!” Hearing these two names, several male students have bright eyes. No matter where they are, the beautiful girls are always there. They are the most concerned, although they are still young, but they have been nurturing and mentally sensitive. They have learned many things.In the first few classes, the two most beautiful girls are undoubtedly Ye Zizheng and Xiao Xinger.The boys in the primary class of the demon spirits saw Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ninger, all of whom showed an eager look. If nothing unexpected happened, Ye Zixuan and Xiao Tinger would enter the primary class of the demon spirit teacher for study. At that time, they would have one. Pro-Ze opportunity! Seeing the eager eyes of the group of boys in the primary class of the demon psychic, Nie can't help but smile. In this world, they are afraid to be disappointed! Because whether it is Ye Zixiong or Xiao Gelian, I am afraid they will enter the genius class! Under the leadership of Shen Xiu, the students in the primary class of military apprentices lined up into the test hall. On the high steps in the distance, the senior members of the college are looking over the side."The first step is the strength test. Who will come first?" One of the mentors looks to Shen Xiuwen.Shen Xiu looked at the trainees of the primary class of apprentices in the military. Shen Yue came out and said proudly, “I'll go first!” After he finished, he walked towards the towering strength test stone.