The currency of the shining city is the demon spirit currency. Generally, two or three thousand demon spirit coins are enough for one household to spend for one year.The value of various items in the City of Glory is measured in terms of demon spirit coins, armor of the warfare armor, demon crystals, fur of all kinds of evil beasts, various elixirs, etc.The cost of enrolling in Shenglan College for one year requires more than 3,000 ghost coins. This is a huge expense for ordinary civilians.However, even if many civilians are to save their food, they still have to send their children to Shenglan College. Because they become martial or demon teachers, even if they are only bronze, they can change the fate of a family.A bronze warrior, if he works for the City Guards, earns 5,600 rewards per year, and can also venture into the deep mountains to gain extra income.The day mark family where Nie Li is located belongs to a relatively declining aristocratic family. The owner, Nie Hengxun, is a gold and a demon psychic teacher. The annual income of the family is probably more than 600,000 yuan.The family’s annual expenditure is very large. It is only when the family’s children’s schooling costs more than 300,000 phantom coins. There are also various expenditures that often make families unable to make ends meet, and have to sell a variety of industries to maintain, but even so, the day marks family Or send the children of every future generation to Holyland CollegeThe owner of Nie Hengxun said that only the outstanding younger generation can make the Tianxie family rise again. Even if they have to work harder, they should also allow every younger generation in the family to get the maximum training.In the past life, Nie Li didn’t quite understand this sentence, and he was rather unfamiliar with his family’s owner, Nie Hengxun, because the owner was very harsh on them. After his rebirth, Nie Lizi understood the care and concern of the owner.As a member of the Tianzhe family, I must also let Tianxie family grow up and become the peak of the glorious city! When he was born again, there was still a lot of powerful exercises in the memory of Nie Li, but before that, he had to get some money to buy some elementary soul crystals and test the attributes of his own soul sea before he could decide which exercises to practice.If you find a practice that suits your own cultivation, then practicing others will do more with less.The bell rings all over the city of glory and the course is overThe students of St. Lan's College walked out of the high walls and walked through the bustling streets of the college entrance. The hawkers clashed one after the other.“The brand new bronze armor has been printed with a snow-colored pattern. You are interested in the noble nobleman. Are you interested in it?” a peddler dressed in a gray robe warmly greeted and soon attracted the attention of many students. This kind of thing is not something that ordinary students can afford, but there are many family members in Shenglan College. Some of them are very rich. If they are lucky, they can still be sold."Look, it is the bronze armor of the snow-engraved pattern!" The students talked excitedly about it. It was a pair of handguards. The whole body exudes deep blue light. The surface is covered with various mysterious totems, faintly cold and cold. Reveal“How much is this?” one student asked in a low voice"60,000 demon coins!" hawkers smile authentic"Scorpio, so expensive!" The average family has accumulated no less than 60,000 ghost coins for more than a decade."This is the bronze armor of the snow-engraved etched pattern. The snow-capped celestial figure is painted with the phantom of the snow banshee and the demon blood. This blizzard banshee is still strong before it is destroyed, and the snow banshee Wicked beasts are not so easy to be hunted. The characteristics of Snow Banshee make this pair of hand guards have a very strong attack ability! This is definitely the most suitable armor for the blizzard martial and the demon fighter!" The enclave vigorously introducedMany students looked at the pair of bronze guards and left quietly. Such expensive things are not what they can afford."The bronze armor will have 60,000 demon spirits, and that silver armor and gold armor will be more expensive!" Lu Pingbo grunted, and one month's pocket money also had more than 500 demon spirits.Lu Piao’s family has a lot of industries, so the economy of Lu’s Piao is fairly plentiful. Past Lu Piao often receives Jie Nie and Du Ze.But even though Lu’s floats some money, this kind of bronze armor is not something he can buy.Nie Li, Lu Piao, and Du Ze while walking, while looking around, this street has a wide range of goods. No matter what, your cheaper ones can find it."Nie Li, what do you want to do?"Just as they chatted, a figure walked up to the hawker"Look, it is Shen Yue!" Lu Piao floated up over there. "There are Ye Ziyan!" Nie Liyuan looked away and saw Ye Zizheng chatting with several girls happily. The pretty face was sweet. The smile is full of sunshineAmong the girls, Ye Zixi is definitely the most eye-catching one, and once you see it, you can hardly look away again.Everything around it seems to be alive because of the existence of leavesShen Yue looked away from time to time"I just lack a pair of bronze handguards and help me to wrap this bronze handguard!" Said Shen Yue to the peddler“Well, this young master!” the hawker heard and immediately grinned, breeching the bronze handguards."This is the 60,000 demon spirit coin!" Shen Yue handed out six demon crystal cards from the space ring, a demon crystal card represents 10,000 demon spirit coinThrow out 60,000 demon spirit coins, Shen Yue looks cloudless, mixed do not care, put the bronze guard into the space ringSeveral girls around the room made a low voice, and 60,000 demon spirits were smashed out, so they had money! There are several pretty girls who look beautiful and have their eyes on Shen Yue.However, Shen Yue was blind to these girls. She stared with a glimpse of Nie from the trio, and then looked fondly at Ye Zixuan. The eyes clearly indicated that I only had one person in my eyes."Abhorrent!" Lu gnawed and crouched. "This is a silver bullet offensive!" "Local tyrants! Others have the money, they can throw up 60,000 ghost coins, and they even have space rings.""Duzer booths and booths, and looked at Nie Yi shook his head," Nie Li, others are handsome and rich, what do you fight with him? "" Oh, she did not care about that money! "Nie never cares about it. Looking over there, Ye Zixuan completely ignored Shen Yue. She was chatting with the girls next to her. She looked at Xiao Lian'er from time to time, but Xiao Lianer was not busy standing there.Xiao Tinger’s look was cold. She was always alone and had little contact with classmates.Nie Li knew that what Ye Zixuan most wanted now is friendship. In the past life, she always wanted to be friends with Xiao Geling, but the difference in her identity made the two finally go further and further away.Seeing Ye Zixuan's look, Shen Yue looked awkwardly"Well, Ye Zixi doesn't really care about money, Nie Li, she wouldn't like women, so you still have no chance!”Nie Liao smiled. He naturally did not mind Lu Pang's joke. In his previous life, he was the only man in Ye Zixuan. He smiled and said, “Let's go, I want to start my plan!” Lu Piao and Du Ze Looks positive and nods"Lu Piao, you go to buy two light gongs, there are five cylinders and 100 arrows, scorn each one hundred and sixty pixie soul coins, each arrow thirty-dollar soul coin, do not be hawker to black!" Nie Li said to Lu Piao. “We went to the door of the college’s trial to gather"" Okay! "Lu Pang nodded, and she was a little curious. Did Nie once buy frivolous and crossbow arrows?Nie away from the month's pocket money will also be fifty demon spirit money only, not enough to spend every month, usually naturally impossible to buy such expensive things"Duze, we went to buy Kurosawa!" Nie Lidao said that Kurosawa had a certain paralysis effect.Du Ze’s family is even more difficult than Nie, Nie Li will not allow Du Ze to spend money, so when it comes to shopping, Nie always pays for it.Blackgrass grass is very cheap, a demon spirit coin can buy back a lot, in addition, Nie also bought some low-level fusion agent, and went to a hillside next to the City of Radiance and pulled out a lot of Zoysia grass."What the hell are you doing?" asked Duzer doubtfully.Nie Li smiled mysteriously: "Black worm grass has a certain paralysis effect, but the efficacy is very low, generally only used to smear wounds, can relieve painZoysia japonica is a very common weed, and no one has yet discovered its role. However, if it is blended with black worm grass, it can greatly strengthen the paralysis effect of black grass. Duze froze and asked, "How strong is paralysis? "Nie Li laughed:" There is not much paralysis effect on ordinary Wicked beast, and it is much worse than the low-grade paralysis medicine.But have you discovered that horn sheep never eats zoysia? "" Horn sheep? "Duze was silent for a moment. He faintly guessed something. His eyes were slightly bright." Nie Li, will you not be a pharmacist? ""Soul Pharmacist? "Nie left thought and laughed."“Soul Pharmacists are people who use various kinds of Lingcao to make alchemy or formulators. Nie is not a lingo pharmacist from past lives. There is only a bit of fun on the pharmacology, but the level of these people in the city of glory is Too low to be a true psychiatrist! Nie Li can completely despise the so-called pharmacists! And Nie had entered the poisonous forest when he was adventuring on the mainland of the Holy Spirit from his past life. There are some human beings living there and they are tenacious. He survived the killing of poisonous beasts and they were considered to be true pharmacists! Nie Li started dispensing medicines and got a full six bottles.The test site of Shenglan College was established by the legendary demon psychic teacher Ye Moimin and the dean of the Shenglan College, the black gold demon psychic master Gao Yuan, and was surrounded by towering walls. Each year, the glorious city’s strongest Will capture some low-level Wicked Beasts into the TrialplaceAll students who are below the silver level of Shenglan students can enter. Participants can slay enemies and animals. The furs, demon crystals and demon spirits obtained by the students can be handled by the trainees themselves.Some poor students can hunt and kill the beast and supplement their homes in the trialsThe Nie Li trio did not achieve a single bronze star. The places they are going to visit are the safest areas for the trials. There are only monsters.Although they are very aggressive, they are herbivores. They can only attack humans with serious injuries and they will no longer continue to attack, so they are relatively safe.After meeting at the entrance of the trial, Nie Liwei verified his identity at the guard and entered the trial together.Trial Area New Apprentice AreaAmong the sparse trees, there are some grasslands from time to time. A horned sheep is slowly pacing in the meantime. Their eyes are red and raging. They occasionally raise their ears and listen. Once aliens enter their territory, they will Will attack mercilesslyAt this moment, a strange noise never came from a distance. The nearest horn sheep suddenly whispered in the direction of the strange sound.~~New book needs everyone's recommendation ticket support! ! !