Readx(); Shen Yue volunteered and immediately attracted many people's attentionIn the junior class of military apprentices, Shen Yue, Ye Zixuan, Xiao Ning'er and others are undoubtedly the most promising breakthroughs to the bronze one-star realm.Another concern is that Nie has had a bet with Shen Xiu’s mentor.However, most people do not think that Nie can reach a bronze star in such a short time.If Bronze Star really is so easy to reach, then there will not be so many people who will always be stuck outside the gates of the military and the demon psychic! The strength test stone is a huge stone, exudes a metallic luster, and the martial fighter's fists are bombarded on the strength test stone, allowing the strength test stone to produce a certain depression, and determine the strength of a warrior through the depression."Boom!" Shen and Yue punched a punch on the power test stone, and the power test stone suddenly showed a faint dentSeveral mentors who directed the test came over"Bronze star, test result is one hundred and twenty!" In other words, the power of Shen Yue's fist reached about 120The practitioners of the primary class of military apprentices made exclaimed voices. They did not expect Shenyue’s physical body to have reached such a level of strength. It has now reached the realm of bronze warriors.In general, the students who were majoring in the demon and spiritualism had just started to increase their physical strength more quickly. After reaching the silver level, they slowed down, but even so, Shen Yue’s physical cultivation is quite fast compared to the same period of the students. Achieve a bronze star soonEveryone has three chances to test. For this value, Shen Yue is not satisfied with the situation, re-stating, condensing strength, slamming a punchShen Yue bombarded again at the power test stone"Bronze star, test result is one hundred and thirty!" "Bronze one star, test result one hundred and thirty-five!" After seeing the result, Shen Yue reveals a satisfied expression, continue to test the demon spirit force, soon The results of Shen Yue and Yue Ling’s spiritual power also came out, one hundred and fifteenUnder normal circumstances, people who possess both talent and talent of the demon spirit will basically choose to become a demon spirit teacher. The demon spirit power is the most important, and the power talent can only be embellishment.“Shen Yue’s demon spirit has broken through a hundred and is already a star deity spiritual master!” “The speed of cultivation is so fast, it really is a man of the sacred family!” “Absolutely, he can surely enter the junior Class!" "If a star-loving psychic teacher is not qualified, then who is eligible?" Hearing these people's arguments, Shen Yue's mouth slightly glimpse, proudly watching Nie Li et al.From the stands in the distance, the top of several colleges showed a satisfied smile. It is still not easy for a martial arts apprentice class to be able to produce a revenant teacher! Shen Yue held her hands on her chest and stood in the distance. A group of followers stood around him. He stared proudly at the students of the primary classes of other military apprentices.“Who's next to test?” The mentor who led the tour asked the crowd next to him."Let me come!" Lu drifted out and walked next to the strength test stone.A group of participants discussed"It's floating on earth!" "Lapiao hasn't been in the classroom for a while!" "I heard that he's been mixing with Nie Li!" "Lu Piao shouldn't have broken into the bronze star? And he doesn't have any at all." The demon psychic gift!” Hearing the voice of these students, Lu drifted back and smiled with Nie Li, Duze and others. These people looked at them so much, it would be a mistake! After practicing the practice of Nie’s departure, Lu Piao’s cultivation has far exceeded his peers.Looking at Shen Yue and others who stood in the distance, Lu Gone smiled with contempt, his eyebrows picked"This kid is too arrogant! We will teach him sooner or later!" said several classes next to Shen Yue.Shen Yue's eyes narrowed slightly, showing a glimmer of lightNow even Nie Li's followers dare to challenge him? Don't know how thick the sky is! Under the gaze of everyone, Lu floated to the front of the power test stone and made a punch with his right hand.“How much power can there be with such a light fist?” a few students laughedA muffled thud was heard throughout the entire hall, and the entire force test stone shook."What's the matter?" "Great sound!" Next to the instructor who was responsible for the test, he was also stunned. He walked toward Luh Piao and looked at the power test stone. Silence moment: "Test results, bronze two stars , two hundred and sixty-five!" The crowd onlookers suddenly“How is this possible?” “Is the test result wrong?” To know that Lu Piao just punched it with a giddily air, actually has such a powerful force, actually has reached the bronze two-star realm, not far from the bronze Samsung.Lu Piao smiled a bit. During this time, his cultivation did not stop. With the super power method granted to him by Nie Yichuan, he swallowed a large amount of immortality every day and dipped in grass. His cultivation was It's hard to think hardAfter a long time, all the talents have recovered and looked at each other. At thirteen years old, they possessed such a strong talent. At the Holy Spirit Academy, they were considered as talented geniuses.High-level leaders of the Holy Spirit College will certainly make great efforts to cultivate"Not bad, I didn't think that there was such a genius in the junior class of the military. This year's students are very good!" said one of the college's senior leaders with a smile.“This year's student performance should not be too bad, because the Association of Alchemists has made those drugs!” Another senior executive whispered, saying that the kinds of potency medicines that the Association of Alchemists got out were very effective. The average level has been improved a lotIn order to train younger generations, families are still willing to spend a lot of money.Lu Pang looked provocatively at Shen Yue in the distance. Shen Yue's face went dark. Lu Piao floated naked. But think of the strength of land floating, Shen Yue can not help but be overwhelmed, why the strength of Lu floating, actually raised to such an alarming degree in a short time? During this time Lu Piao took a lot of medicine? Shen Xiu’s face in the distance is also unusually ugly. Although Lu Piao is a student in her class, Lu Piao has been mixing with Nie Li, and even looking at her with her drift is also very uncomfortable.Lu Ping's original achievements, she is very clear, but why suddenly rose to such an astonishing level, does it mean that Nie Liya also ... Shen Xiu's eyes glumly looked at the distance with two big beautiful women I'm happy to have a chatLu Ping stood at a pace, vigorously rushed toward the power test Shi He"Dou!" sounds dull, leaving a deep punch on the power test stone."Bronze Samsung, strength test results 225"The tutor in charge of the inspection was slightly surprised and said bluntly that Lu Wu's gifted talent is already quite amazing. It is definitely a genius that deserves to be cultivated! The students who haven't been tested have sucked a cool air.""My grass, is this still living?" "Nobody is!" The same is 13 years old. Their strength can reach more than 80, and they are considered to be excellent. However, Lu Piao has actually exceeded 300. , reached the realm of bronze Samsung, this is simply slamming their confidence, simply can not tolerate it! Ignoring the shocked gaze of those people, Lu shook his head and looked very unsatisfied. After standing still, he repeatedly punched the force to test the stone."Bronze Samsung, the strength test results are three hundred and seventy!" The instructor in charge of the inspection took a cool breath and said, looking at Lu Piao's eyes could not help but light up, think that when he was floating in the age of this time, also Just reached the bronze one star, it is estimated that Lu Piao will be able to enter the Holy Spirit College talent class.There are only 50 people who can enter the genius class of the Holy Spirit School. They become disciples of the genius class and they receive different kinds of teachings. Each ten people have a dedicated tutor who is responsible for the Holy Spirit College. Elite mentor! Moreover, the disciples of these genius classes are all glorious cities and are protected by special protection. Unless they make some unforgivable mistakes, no one can touch them. Otherwise, they will provoke the laws of the City of Light! The City of Glow is always under the threat of evil beasts. Therefore, the protection of genius is quite conscientious."Lu Piao this guy is not good practice, otherwise it will definitely not be such a result!" Duze next to a smileThe next few students heard Duze's words. They were all shocked. They didn't work hard and they had such achievements. If we try harder, will it still make people live? Their eyes can not help but fall on Du Ze and others. Lu Ping’s strength has risen so fast during the past few months. They are all with Nie Li and Du Ze, and Ni Fei and Du Ze and others are... Lu Piao's demon spirit power test, Lu Piao hands holding the soul crystal, the demon spirit into the soul crystal inside, a moment later, the soul crystal appeared in a spot, the more light spots more and more, more and more light"Bronze samurai psychic division, demon spiritual strength 367!" The demon spirit force test only once is enoughWhen this result was heard, even the college's top executives could not help but moved. The psychic contestants must be much more precious. The thirteen-year-old bronze samurai psychic teacher was even more tolerant! This is definitely a shocking event! “This kid is definitely a genius. Arrange him into a talent class!” Unbelievable unity of the college’s top-level views, Lu Piao’s name quickly entered the sight of each of them, and some of the college’s top executives eagerly tried to prepare for the land. Gone for their own disciplesLu Ping's talent is nothing to say. As the top level of the college, they also need some talented disciples to help them gain a higher status. It is estimated that several high school leaders will compete for Lu Piao this disciple! After the test, Luyue stood sideways and smiled at Nie Li, Du Ze and others. He was very excited."When this test is over, I will definitely not be jealous of the old man!" Lu thought proudly. It was estimated that when I saw my performance, the old man's chin should be dropped on the ground.“Who's next?” The mentors responsible for the test looked at the students in the primary class of the military enthusiastically. Before the tests of several classes, there were no bright geniuses. I did not expect the most unappreciable apprentices of military apprenticeships. The class had actually emerged with this amazing genius, which made him look forward to the test of the primary class of the apprenticeship