"I'll come!" Duze walked towards the strength test stoneSeeing Duze walk up, Lu drifted his eyes and he finally managed to look forward. This was the moment to be rushed over by Daze. Really bad! People are more dead than peopleCompared with ordinary trainees, Lu Piao is indeed worthy of pride. The thirteen-year-old bronze samurai psychic teacher, but compared with Duze, it is too much.Two people who began to cultivate, Lu Piao’s repairs have been thrown far away by Duze.Duze walked to the front of the power test stone, his face was calm and his fists were raised, and he punched heavily toward the power test stone.A muffled sound that is much heavier than Lu Ping’s just now, the entire force test stone shocked the earthquake."Test results, bronze five-star, power 500The instructor in charge of the review took a snazzy breath. What is happening today? The student of the Wushu Apprentice Elementary School is more than an enchanting one. He just tested a 13-year-old bronze Samsung genius, which will test a bronze again. Five-starAround the death of silence, Duze actually is even more than Lu floating still enchanting level of existence! The students in the distance had a look of heart-broken expression. How could this be? They were attacked even without the courage to test.As for the high school students in the stands, they couldn't help but breathe. The thirteen-year-old bronze five-star ah, how many years did the Holy Spirit Academy not have such a genius? "Do not rob me. He is my disciple!" Ye Sheng said excitedly.“As an assistant dean, how can you be so cruel? On the way to the martial arts, I am confident that I can teach better than anyone else. The deputy dean will let me come!” said an old man with white hair and white hair.“I’m so talented as a disciple. Do you think that his talent will only be limited to the warrior?” Ye Sheng’s eyes glowed with his eyes."No need to test for the second time“Duze said lightly and walked away, ready to test the demon spirit."Isn't it really testing the second time?" The tutor looked at Daze and asked, "If you test for the second time, maybe you can break through five hundred!"However, in response to his youthful indifference, Duze’s voice came slowly and said, “This is already the greatest strength I can exert!” “It turned out to be that way!” The tutor slightly daggered, this value It's already amazing. If it's even stronger, then it's not going to be silver at once. The thirteen-year-old silver grader is incredible.Duze took up the soul crystal and injected the soul into the soul crystal. The crystal of the soul shines brighter, and the white light spots gather more and more.The primary soul crystal is like a blazing little sunElementary soul crystal bursts and falls on the ground"Hey! It's too perverted!" "The power has reached 500, but it's unexpected that the soul power is even more perverted!" "My God, this is too enchanting!" The primary soul crystal can only carry six hundred Soul power, if it exceeds this limit, it is blown upThe test of the general primary class basically uses the crystal of the primary soul. It seems that the primary soul crystal has never been blown up. Even when Ye Moi was 13 years old, there was no such amazing repair.The eyes of all people looking to Duze are completely different. Duze has already broken their understanding. Is it possible that the glorious city will have a stronger presence than the Ye Moi adults? Vice President Ye Sheng was silent for a moment. "I will personally report this incident to the president's adults and Ye Moi adults. Duze will be protected. This kind of genius may not even teach me. I must personally consult the leaves. Ink adults, looking for suitable mentors for him!” Five hundred strengths, more than five hundred soul powers, and Daze has made all people fall into deep shock.“Associate Dean, is it necessary to change the soul crystal?” The tutor responsible for the inspection looked at Ye Sheng and asked in a quivering voice."No!" Ye Sheng shook his head and shook his head. "I'll let the adults test his soul!" In addition to letting the adults test it himself, Duze is still protected, otherwise it is darkened. The guild’s people knew that it would be troublesome“Understand!” The instructor in charge of the inspection looked at Duze and said politely. “Your test is complete!” Such a teenager, future achievements do not know to what extent it will reach, will not become the second one Legendary demon spirit teacher? Is the test finished? Duze slightly surprised, nodded and walked to the sideAt this time, most of the trainees looked at Duze's gaze and were full of awe.This person may be the future legendary spirit master! After a brief shock, Shen Yue’s face became abnormally dark and tight. He clenched his fist tightly, and his hand leaked a trace of blood. In this test, he suddenly realized that he was getting closer to Daze et al. Far away, he can no longer catch up with Daze and others."How did they improve so fast?" Shen Yue's eyes were dark and gloomy. He had a feeling that all the problems must be on Nie Li's body. It may be that Nie Li helped Du Ze and Lu Piao and others find a suitable practice. method! Of course, this is only Shen Yue's guess. Shen Yue does not know that he really guessed right.【Love to the novel network.】 "Shen Xiu, you have such a good student in the class, why did you not report us?" Several college executives looked at Shen Xiu and Shen Sheng asked, but fortunately, they first tested Lu Piao and Duze. Otherwise, if the Dark Society first learned of the news, the consequences could be disastrous.Shen Xiu opened her mouth, but she did not say anything. She was depressed.Shen Xiu's face in the stands grew more and more gloomy. She couldn't understand Duze and Lu Yipian anymore. Some time ago, Duze and Lu Piao's repairs were still not very good. Suddenly they were raised so fast that they were absolutely weird! But she wouldn’t tell this to the high schoolIf the senior management knows that Duze and Lu Piao's repairs were promoted to such a degree in a short period of time, only Duze and Lu Piao will be given more attention! At this time, outside the test site, the students in the primary class of the demon psychiatrist are chatting"I don't know how the junk apprentice's primary class's junk test was going!" The student in the primary class of a wraith teacher grinned, and he called Shi Hua, who was the leader of the primary class of the wraith master and was already a bronze star. Spirit Master"With so many classes, fifteen people also met the requirements of the primary class of the demon teacher and joined our class. The primary class for apprentices of the martial arts estimated that apart from the two girls, the others had no success!" said Shi Hua, who has always coveted Ye Zixi and Xiao Geling, I hope Ye Zixi and Xiao Geling can join their class."I heard that Shen Yue was still good. I heard that it has reached the realm of a bronze star demon psychic!" "Is it?" Shi Hua scorned, even if Shen Yue reached the status of a bronze star demon psychiatrist. Can't catch his attentionAt this moment, several other classes suddenly froze up."How could this be possible?" "Is it wrong to test the results?" "Impossible. The power test stone has tested so many students and never missed them!" "My God, is this going to be against the sky? “Schwart frowned and looked at the junior classmates next to the demon psychiatrist. He asked: “What happened? What happened to them?” “Schwart, it's amazing!” One of the students is still in the office. In a deep shock, he took a deep breath. "Two testers in the primary class of the military were very staggering!" "In the first class of the military, even if the talent is good, it is at best a bronze star demon psychic. What's surprising?" Shi Hua said lightly"No, if it is a bronze star demon psychic, it will not cause so many people's sensation.There were three people in the primary class of military apprentices who had completed the test. One was a bronze star demon psychic teacher, one was a bronze samurai demon psychic teacher, and one was even more amazing. The primary soul crystal of you was exploding and exploding! My God, this guy is so perverted! "" Explosive primary soul crystal? "Schwarzkopf stared his eyes and his shocked look was better than other students."After bursting the primary soul crystal, the tutor did not allow him to continue the test. He did not know how much his soul power had reached!" Schwart took a deep breath, his chest undulating, and asked, "Yes. The two girls?" "No!" The student shook his head. "Now the two girls haven't tested it yet. They tested three boys!" Shi Hua opened his mouth. This is what he really is. Is the apprenticeship class? How the martial arts apprentice primary class suddenly emerged such a terrible two guys? He has reached the bronze two stars, already the leader of the primary class of the demon teacher, but compared with these two metamorphosis, he is too far away! At this time, the students in other classes were turmoil again."What's wrong?" Shi Hua asked blindly“I just tested three people in the primary class of the apprenticeship military, like Wei Nan, Zhu Xiangjun, and Zhang Ming. All three are bronze two stars, and they are only one line away from the bronze Samsung."Is this really a test of the primary class for the apprenticeship of martial arts?" Are you sure you are not a genius? Schwartz shouted hysterically inwardlyTheir inner shocks have not yet subsided, and another news came. Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ninger have successively participated in the test. Both of them broke the primary soul crystal.Breathless boring! Schwart simply had an impulse to kill himself. Before the initial class of the military apprentice had not started testing, he was proud of his inner class as a leader of the primary class. He felt that he could catch Xiao Ning. Ye Zi or Ye Ziyan, but now, this pride has been completely shatteredIt turns out that he is not at the same level as Ye Zixi and Xiao Ning'er."A bunch of perverts!" Silva whispered~~ About talent, Nie left his past talent as the worst of these young partners. He just happened to survive the catastrophe. In the end, the Book of Space and Demon Spirit reached the peak of martial arts.In the new week, we vote for the recommended snail, snails are very gratefulFor mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience