A small military apprenticeship class actually exploded with three soul crystals. This news shocked the entire Holy Spirit Academy.Is there even more abnormality than this class? What do people in this class eat when they grow up? A primary class has tested so many people in a row. The worst is actually a bronze star. Is this really his primary class? In the test hall, everyone was shocked by the amazing talents of Xiao Lian Er and Ye Zixuan.The two beautiful girls look at each other, and the eyes of both parties have a hint of mutual comparison.Ye Zixuan has always wanted to become a good friend with Xiao Gelin again. At the same time, she has a talent that is far beyond her peers. She has never surpassed her peers. Even if Xiao Lianer is a child, Ye Zixuan will not lose.The two people's repairs were not incomparable. Both Ye Zixuan and Xiao Gelinger realized that the other party definitely got help from Nie Li. Otherwise, repairs could not be promoted so fast. At the same time, Nie was grateful for the two people. Emotions can not help but feel complicatedYe Zi swearing, even though she has not yet had a strong affection for Nie, but she knows that Xiao Ninger is very close to Nie Li. There is always a little bit of bitterness about Nie Li. Since you have a good relationship with Ding Er, Why do you want to provoke me again? As for Xiao Liao-er, she knew from the beginning that Nie Li likes Ye Zixuan. However, she still can't stop loving Nie Li. What she wants to do is that one day she can let Nie to pay attention to her and like her.Two stunning girls standing side by side like a dazzling twin star“Who's the next test?” The mentors responsible for viewing looked expectantly at the trainees in the primary class of the military. His mood had an uncontrollable excitement.These geniuses are likely to grow into pillars of the glorious city in the future! "I'm coming!" Nie left to test the strength of the stoneWhen hearing Nie Li’s voice, all eyes instantly fell on Nie Li’s body.College executives are very excited, and there are people who take the initiative to test whether this student is also a talented talent? As for Shen Xiu, it is a grip on the palm of his hand. There is a strong disgust in the eyes of Nie Li. If Nie Bie reaches the bronze one star, she will have to keep her promise and leave the Holy Spirit Academy! She has a vague feeling that Nie Li's eyes are lightThere was nothing to leave the Holy Spirit College, but she couldn't swallow it. There was a shame that she was forced out of college! All the trainees in the primary class of the martial artists had their eyes on Nie Li. Their eyes were extremely complicated. When Nie Zi ran up against Shen Xiu in class, they had sympathy with Nie Li and some mocked Nie Li, but none of them. With exceptions, they all did not agree that Nie Li could be promoted to a bronze star in just two months, even if Nie had shown incredible talents.But now, looking at those people who are in a good relationship with Nie Si, one by one, they're making a swift advance to achieve such amazing levels. They can't help but jealousy.The ascension of these people must be inextricably linked with Nie Li. For the sake of the future, many of them have already thought about how to negotiate with Nie to leave. If following Nie Zi can be like Du Ze and Lu Piao, they are the worst people like Wei Nan. For them, it is also very great. UnusualAs a person influencing all this, Nie Li's test results cannot help but make everyone look forward to it.Nie Li smiled indifferently and walked to the front of the strength test stone. He looked at the stands in the distance and found that Shen Xiuzhen looked over his face in a gloomy manner. Nie Li flashed a chill over the eyes.At the moment, Ye Zixuan and others also stared at Nie Li. They were all very happy with their test results. They thought that they had actually raised to such an amazing degree in such a short period of time. a bit unbelievableIt was Nie Li who created them now. As the founder of all this, how amazing is the repair of Nie Li? Nie looked calm and punched a force test stonePower test stone makes a slight muffle"Bronze one star, the strength test result is one hundred!" The tutor in charge of the glance looked at the result and said reiteratingly, his voice could not help but have a faint loss. In fact, the students in the primary class of the military can reach the bronze star realm. The results have been very good, but Ye Zixuan, Xiao Ning'er, Du Ze, and others have scored first. Nie Li's performance is not so conspicuous."The second test, the strength test result is one hundred!" "The third test, the strength test result is one hundred!" The instructor in charge murmured and said to himself: "Strange, every student's strength test. There will always be some ups and downs in the results. This student is actually 100 at a time. It's curious. Perhaps the biggest power he can exert is 100.” Seeing Nie Li’s test results, Shen Xiu’s face is blue. If Nie Li's strength far exceeds that of the bronze one star, then it will be nothing more than a star in bronze, which is not much, but also a little more. Shen Xiu is almost crazy.Nie Li was not satisfied with the results of this test. She shrugged and smiled and said: "My luck is really good. I just reached the bronze star!" Du Ze and Lu Geng and others looked at each other. This is impossible. The power of the absolute will not have just reached one hundred, the only explanation is that Nie Li has hidden power! Du Ze and Lu Piao's heart could not help but admire that although their strength may still be on Nie Li, their ability to control power is more than that of NIE. In exchange for them, it is impossible for them to punch all their strength. hundred! "Nie from this guy is really too bad, Shen Xiu saw Nie from three times have just been stuck in this point of the bronze star, it is estimated that the lungs must be gas bombed!" Lu floating ha ha giggleSeveral college executives saw this scene and exchanged views with each other."Bronze is a star, it's also a good one!" "It's a pity that it compares with a few of the students in the past..." "Look at his demon spiritual power, maybe we can give us some surprises!" After the test, Nie Li After walking a few steps forward, the primary soul crystal handed by the teacher will inject soul power into the soul crystal. Gradually, a spot of light appears in the soul crystal."One hundred soul powers, bronze one star demon psychic!" The face of the instructor in charge of the review flashed a little strangely, said reiterating, thinking that this trainee was too strange, whether it was strength or soul power, stuck in one hundred At that point, it is really rareHowever, he did not doubt anything, the soul of the crystal test can not be falsified, Nie Li should not be cheating, and cheating on Nie from any good? Bronze Star Demon Spiritor! A demon psychic whose soul power has just reached the bronze star! Shen Xiujian wants to be mad, why is this exactly the reason? Nie from this kid's talent even if it is a little bit worse, it will not be able to reach the bronze star! After seeing Nie Li's test results, Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er also realized that Nie Li was intentional, but they had some in their hearts. When testing the strength, Nie Li controlled the strength and the soul crystal tested the soul. There is no way to force cheating. How did Nie Di? What others cannot do, Nie Li may not be able to do it! The secret of Nie from the body is really much! Under the gaze of the crowd, Nie Li went to Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er, and to that station, Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er two days of arrogance to the left and to the right, so that everyone on the court could not help but squat up.On what basis can Nie actually enjoy this kind of blessing? Ye Zixuan and Xiao Gelinger, no matter which one is their girlfriend, they will laugh when they dream! At this time, Ye Sheng sat in the stands and looked at Nie Li who was standing in the middle of Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ninger. He looked vaguely at this, and he vaguely felt that this matter was somewhat embarrassing. Although Nie Li was young, he was Calm bearing, but gave him a very extraordinary feeling"Give this Nie away to train talents!" Ye Sheng said in silence for a moment.“As an assistant dean, I am afraid there are some irregularities. He is only a bronze star!” “Is there any irregularities? I am optimistic about him. Is it okay?” Ye Sheng eyebrows a pick, Shen Sheng said.After seeing Ye Sheng’s attitude, the next person looked at each other. After thinking about it, they did not say anything again. When the Dean was not present, the Vice Dean was the biggest and they could not offend their top boss for such a trivial matter.In the next test, no other person in the primary class of the apprentice in the military can make people stand out. None of them have even reached the bronze star. Although some of them are lost, after they think about it, Ye Sheng and others are all satisfied. Classes, so many talents have emerged, they have been greatly surprisedThe test of the primary class of military apprentices in the military caused a sensation throughout the Holy Spirit Academy. The primary class of apprentices who had never been noticed by the military has instantly become an eye-catching focus.While the test is still in progress, Shen Xiu came to the side of Ye Sheng. At this time, she felt very shameful.“I'm going to resign from the vice president's dean. Since today, I am no longer the teacher of the Holy Spirit Academy!” said Shen Xiu. Her gambling agreement with Nie Li was spread all over the entire Holy Spirit Academy. If it was against the gambling agreement, Only let her be looked down on, even affect the reputation of the sacred family! "Shen Xiu tutor, how do you think of resigning?" Ye Sheng said with a smile, "You have emerged so many talents in the junior class of military apprenticeship, the college is preparing to commend you! I think all the martial arts apprentices in the primary class You need this excellent mentor!” Not only did Shen Xiu not feel glory when he heard Ye Sheng’s words, but his face was like being slapd and burning.Because she knew that the geniuses that emerged had nothing to do with her. Some of them hadn’t even been in class for nearly two months. She kept staring at one eye and even thinking about waiting. When these students were ugly when they were testing, they did not think they were being beaten.Not only did these students fail to be ugly when they were testing, they became the most brilliant genius! "I'm already determined, please vice president Chengquan!" Shen Xiu insistedIn fact, Ye Sheng had already heard of the matter between Shen Xiu and Nie Li. It was a faint smile: “In that case, I will not retain you!” Hearing the words of Ye Sheng, Shen Xiu’s eyes were poisonous. A look at Nie Li on the court and then left without leavingThe resignation of a martial arts apprenticeship class's little sister forced her to resign, which is definitely the biggest shame in her life! One day, my Shen Xiuhui will find back!