Nie Yi noticed Shen Xiu's gaze and his mouth was slightly surprised. Squeezing Shen Xiu was just a result of his excitement. He would not regard Shen Xiu as his opponent. The goal of his first step was the entire sacred family! Although Nie Li provoke a sacred family, the sacred family should not put too much energy on him for the time being, because from the sacred family's point of view, Nie departed from such a small boy, how could he threaten them! But it is estimated that they will soon discover that the ultimate threat to them is the threat that is now ignored by them.After this period of cultivation, Nie Li’s soul power has reached 589, and his soul power has exceeded 600, and he has reached silver level.Once you step into the silver level, Nie Li can fuse a demon spirit! Nie Li has already chosen the first demon spirit for himself. In addition, Nie Li is also preparing to go to the auction house to purchase the appropriate demon spirits for Zixuan, Tonger, Duze, Lu Geng, etc., so that their strength is Can rise up to a levelBut for the time being, Nie was prepared to disguise himself as a bronze demon slayer! After a while, the test of the primary class for the apprenticeship of martial arts is over, and the future of all trainees has also been determined.Soon afterwards, Shen Xiuchang resigned from the mentorship position, and the news of leaving the Holy Spirit School spread among the trainees. Everyone looked up at Nie Li’s eyes and became somewhat strange. After all, the trainees drove away the mentor’s affairs. First encounterSome students tried every means to contact with Nie and wanted to follow Nie Li. Although Nie Li was only a bronze and a demon psychic teacher, Nie Li’s understanding of various kinds of demon knowledge was far more advanced than some mentors. People who follow Nie Li's cultivation are soaring. Their jealousy is normal.These people Nie Liquan let Du Ze and Lu Fiao drift down. In this regard, Nie Li is still more cautious. Some of the people he recruited are all impressions of past lives. They are more loyal and what talent is second only. The key is to be trustworthy.But even so, the number of people who followed Nie Li has also reached as many as 26! At the end of the year-end test, the notice of entering the genius class was also down. Nie Li took a deep breath and it was time to return to the family. When he thought of all kinds of past lives, when the evacuation came, all the tribes fell in front of him. Nie could not help but feel sad. , there is a feeling of near hometownFinally waited for the Holy Spirit's holiday! Nie Liyuan’s eyes are far away, memories of past lives have flooded up.After a few moments, Nie left laughing, and since he returned, his people will no longer live in fear. Those former enemies are waiting to tremble. The Holy Spirit College has a holiday. This is also a major event for the City of Glory because there are still a lot of students studying in the City of Glory at the Holy Spirit School. Many students are able to reunite with their families during the Holy Spirit's holidays.Group of students left the Holy Spirit College“Nie Li, this is for you. I hope you see it and you can think of me! We will see you in the next semester!” Xiao Ninger handed Nie away a piece of ruby, and this red jade was adorned with a very delicate pattern. When Nie looked up, she found that Xiao Ning'er had blushed and ran away.On the Holy Spirit continent, the red jade represents the girl's loveLooking back at Shaw's back, Nie can't help but smile again and again. He doesn't know Xiao Ning Er seems to have been deeply rooted in him. Who can think of the iceberg beauty in his past life?Looking up, I saw Ye Ziyan smiled and looked at Nie Li. She looked at Xiao Longer in the distance and said: “Dinger loves you so much. Why didn't you promise her?” Nie Li took the piece of red jade. Then I looked at Ye Zixuan and said, “It's a pity that I love you!” The feelings of the two worlds, Nie Li’s heart will not change, and Nie Li has already told his heart and soul, but he Always unwilling to give upYe Ziyan was blushing and squeaked and said, “Nie Li, you speak like this... I don’t think I'm bullied!” At this time, Ye Zixuan could not help but think of all the secret passages in the ancient city of Golan. Pinched fist"Of course I am serious!" Nie smiled faintly and looked deep at Ye Zixi."You, I ignored you!" Ye Zi looked at the horns and was about to turn away. Suddenly he stopped and grinned. "You talk about it. What better than me?" Nie Li Shrugging: "This is no way to compare, can only say that some people are destined to be unable to replace in life!" Looking at Nie away from the deep distant eyes, Ye Zixuan slightly sad, she vaguely aware, Nie Li has a lot of things do not tell she was! In the eyes of Nie Li, it seems that many stories are hiddenAfter a pause, Ye Zixuan looked up at the clear sky: “I hope my husband is a hero like my grandfather, with all the strength of life, guarding the city of glory with life!” She glanced at Nie Li, He grinned, "If you reach the realm of the legendary spirit master, maybe I'll think about it!" "Hey, how can you speak? You don't mean to wait until I get to gold and promise me?" Nie Yu depressed typical“Just before jokingly, I didn’t say anything! Do you not know that our girls never talked about credit?” After that, the girl left behind a string of silver-yellow laughter like a light swallow. , ran away soonLooking at the back of Ye Zixuan, Nie smiled lightly and muttered: "If this is really the case, why did you choose me in the past life?" Nie Qi of the past life did not even reach the silver level. Comes with Ye Zixuan"But the legendary demon spirit teacher, looks like it is not very difficult!" Wei Nan, Zhu Xiangjun, Zhang Ming and others also all left to Nie, left the college and went home.Duze and Lu Piao came to two people"We have to go too!" said Daze with a smile.“Yeah!” Nie nodded and nodded. “We'll see you in a month!” “See you in a month!” Duzer nodded, thinking that he was coming home, and Duzer couldn't help feeling excited. This time he came home. In addition to the improvement of cultivation, Nie also gave him a lot of demon money, at least to make his people out of trouble.His heart was full of gratitude to Nie, because Nie had changed his fate! Lu drifted her hands to her hips and smiled wildly: "I finally want to go home. After returning home, I no longer need to be spanked by Lao Zi. Hahaha."Looking at Lu Piao's appearance, Nie Li and Du Ze looked at each other with a glance and couldn't help smiling. They stood a little farther away from the land, because many of the students around us had cast bizarre looks on this side."Lu Piao hugs Nie Li heavily, and slams Nie away from his face: “Dude, I love you!” Seeing Lu Piao's appearance, Nie Li squatted and pushed Lu floating aside. : "Go, go, go, I don't do ji!" "I don't do ji, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah green, I'm going to go haha, see you in a month!" Lu Piao looked a bit awkward, big Step forwardDuze also waved goodbye to Nie and walkedLooking at the happy and confident look of the two buddies, Nie couldn't help but smile and walk in the direction of his family.In the northern part of the City of Glory, the City of Glory covers a vast area. In addition to the two most prosperous urban areas, there are six suburbs. From the Holy Spirit Academy to the place where the Nieki family is located, carriages take a full two days.Nie Li’s family is called Tianjeng Family. There is a large area of ​​territory in a ravine area. The resources here are very poor. The family lives by planting and picking herbs from the mountains. It's better that there are garrison points and defensive walls from the shining city. More recent, it is still relatively safe, usually there is no Wicked attack, although known as aristocratic family, but only the owner of the day marks the family has the title of the count, and the title is not hereditary, that is, if this term of the Nie family died. If no one in the Nie family succeeded in getting a title, then the status of the Tianxing family would be worse than before.As one of the most declining aristocratic families, the castle of the Tianjeng family is already very old. The peeling facade was severely damaged in several Wicked attacks, but there was no money to repair it.In the large pastoral area outside the castle, a group of people are planting various crops. They see that Nie Lie has come a long way to come. Ethnic people greet Nie Li.“Nie Li, are you back?” These ethnically responsible people planted in the family are often not high, and Nie Li’s father is one of them.Although the days mark family has declined, there are still quite a few ethnic groups. There are more than one thousand Nie people in this area, and there are as many as five or six thousand people.A total of twenty-six children of the day mark family were taught at the Holy Spirit School. Nie Li was one of them. But Nie had a solitary personality and had little interaction with other children.Other children are in the middle class and senior class. They have a holiday later than the primary class. It is estimated that they will have to return for a day or two before they can return.“Nie left her brother, you are coming back!” A little girl with bare feet rushed towards Nie Li, she was wearing a braid, and she was very cuteHer name is Nie Yu, an uncle’s child.Nie Li's father, Nie Ming, has only one brother. They have very low status in the day mark family. They usually rely on growing food to survive.Fortunately, the food planted only needs to be handed a third to the clan. Others can leave it to themselves. The cost of studying at the Holy Spirit College of Nie Jinjin is borne by the clan, so it's still safe to eat.The clan of five or six thousand people, a total of sixty bronze warriors, six bronze deities, twenty silver warriors, two silver demon spirit masters, three gold warriors, a golden star demon psychic master, this is the clan All the strengthThe strongest in the days marks the family is Nie Hai, the master of gold, a star spirit demon slayer, in the status of the family aloof, there are two gold one star martial arts, a golden samurai warriorIt is difficult for Nie to meet with the patriarch on one occasion. The patriarch usually appears only when the ancestor worships.Nie Ni touched Nie Yu's head. He was still very fond of Nie Yu. He smiled and asked, "Isn't Xiaoyu at home obedient?" "Well, light rain is obedient!" Nie Yu nodded conscientiously. " I also like Nie to be admitted to the Holy Spirit Academy as a martial artist like Nie.” Nie Yu has always targeted Nie, Nie can not help but ashamed that before the glorious city of past lives did not burst, Nie Yu’s achievements were higher than him. Much more, Nie Yu has always been very concerned about him, but as a brother, he has always been sheltered by his sister, so that Nie is very depressedNie Yu was also killed in that battle. It was heroic! Although the nose was slightly sour, Nie still managed to hold back.Nie Li walked away with a light rain and saw that Nie Ming and Nie Kai had stopped their livelihood. They smiled and walked over.