"Small away, come back!" Nie Ming said with a smileHey, "Yeah, father, I'm back!" Looking at his father's old and awkward look, Nie could not help but look red, memories of past lives, such as the tide flooded up“It seems that the small is growing taller and more and more handsome! After spending a year at the Holy Spirit College, the temperament is not the same!” said Nie Kaiha, who was next to him, and Nie Ming’s brother, Nie Mingming. The three-year-old is also the same as Nie Ming. There is no talent for cultivation, just an ordinary farmer.At the age of Nie Ming and Nie Kai, the sea of ​​knowledge has been solidified, and it is completely impossible to cultivate it, but there is nothing to be an ordinary person.In past lives, I did not have the ability to protect you. In this life, you will be guarded by me! Nie Li returned home and met her mother and grandmother.Finally, the whole family was reunited again. Nie Centrifuge was full of uncontrollable excitement and excitement.“Nie Li, how much did your strength reach?” Nie Ming finally could not help but askedAll the people’s eyes fell on Nie Li’s body. Nie Yu looked at Nie Yu’s big eyes and fluttered."Please eat it first!" Nie said hurriedly to her mother Xiao Yu.Regardless of whether Nie Ming or Xiao Yu used to live in the past, even if Nie Li’s cultivation failed to make breakthroughs and disappoint them again and again, they continued to comfort Nie Li and never asked Nie to ask too much.In spite of this, Nie still felt their eager expectations.But in this world, he will no longer disappoint his parents."This year's end-of-year test, my soul power has just reached a breakthrough of one hundred, is already a bronze star demon psychic“Nie Li eats food calmly and says while he doesn’t dare to tell his father and mother and his uncle, or they will be scared.Nie Ming and others never thought that Nie Li could become a demon teacher. He thought that Nie Li had become very good as a bronze warrior. When they heard that Nie Li had said that he had reached the Bronze Star Demon Spiritor, One by one, they stopped and stopped the chopsticks in their hands.Bronze Star... Spiritual Master? Nie Ming and others still thought they were mistaken“Is it a bronze spirit demon teacher?” Nie Kai can't help but ask to ask Nie to confirm“Yeah!” Nie nodded and nodded. He looked at the kindly parents next to him. There were some sorrows in his heart. They had regrets in their hearts in past lives. He will work hard to compensate them! "Bronze a demon psychic teacher!" Nie Ming and others murmured, "Our family finally had a demon teacher yet?" After a short pause, they face an ecstatic expressionThat is the demon spirit teacher! Any demon psychic teacher in the day mark family is a status detached existence. Apart from not having to pay tax on the clan, he can also receive a lot of things from the clan in each month."In addition to being a bronze spirit, I was selected by the Holy Spirit Academy to join the Holy Spirit Academy talent class!" Nie thought for a moment and continued."Genius class? Genius class is not to be talented to join it? Nie Chongjia's child Nie Long is also a bronze star demon psychic teacher, but also not qualified to join the talent class!" Nie said next to the doubt, he said The situation of the Holy Spirit College is still very much understoodNext to Nie Yu, she blinked, her watery eyes stared up at Nie Li and said, "Nee is so good from his brother!" Nie Li has always been the object of her worship.“Oh!” Nie Liao smiled and touched Nie Yu’s small head. Before he could only look up at Nie Yu. She was protected by Nie Yu’s younger sister. This time I let you shelter you. With"It may be that there are talents in some areas that are unique and talented. They are selected by talented classes. If they are small, they will not be able to practice in a short period of time until they become bronze spirits! Our family finally has a demon spirit teacher!" Nie Ming said excitedlyAt this time, whether it was Nie Ming, Nie Kai, Yan Miaoling or Nie Yu, they were all very happy. Xiao Yu was even excited to wipe out tears."Little leave!" Nie Kai patted the shoulders of Nie Li.“Small, away, we go to see the patriarch!” Nie Ming stood up, his heart filled with pride, this time he could finally raise his head among the tribe, before Nie Ming was often looked down on by the people, especially Nie Chong, often boasting in front of him, Nie Li finally stunned him for today."You're on this point, the kid just came back, you let him finish the meal, use so worried?" Mother Xiao Xiao Bai Yi Nie Ming“Now too!” Nie Ming grinned, and he was very proud of himself, so he was a little impatient.Looking at the family’s pride for himself, Nie Chuanli is also very happy“How is the family in this time?” Nie asks for it while eating."It's strange"Speaking of the situation in the family, Nie Ming wrinkled his brow"Strange?" Nie away some doubts"YesNie Ming nodded his head. “The finances of the Tianxue family have long been stretched out. They were under pressure from the sacred family some time ago and all businesses have been hit hard. Some business partners have also interrupted their cooperation with our family. The elders were very anxious and the patriarch sent letters to the Holy Family himself. They asked the sacred family about the reasons and gestures, but the sacred family completely ignored them. It was estimated that it would be more difficult for us to wait for a while before our Tianxing family was in a more difficult situation. Then talk about the conditions, but I did not expect that suddenly there was a turnaround..." "Yes, suddenly there were dozens of families and chambers of commerce who proposed to cooperate with us, and the conditions were very generous. The patriarchs first thought they were traps and later discovered each other. There is no malice at all and you feel comfortable working togetherIt is said that all of this was instructed by the Association of Alchemists, and the Association of Alchemists gave us a lot of commissions to entrust us with the cultivation of various herbs and paid very generous rewards.And under the shelter of the Association of Alchemists, the Holy Family did not dare to have any action on us! Nie Ming saidAfter listening to Nie Ming’s words, Nie Li understood that the young woman of that demeanor could not help but emerged in her mind. All this should be arranged by Yang Xin.Nie Li is now the most important partner of the Alchemist Association. Yang Xin’s arrangement is also normal. The forces of the Alchemist Association are comparable to the sacred family. The human connection is much stronger than the sacred family. After all, each family must The Association of Alchemists purchased the medicine, so it was sheltered by the Association of Alchemists. The sacred family did not dare to take any action on the Tianxin family.What's more, the Alchemists Association has Nie Lie’s several formulations of medicines, and even the city’s main government and the three great families must seek the Association of Alchemists. The Association of Alchemists has reached the point where the Holy Family is This time against the Alchemists Association, that is simply to find death! After Nie returned, apart from seeing his relatives, one of the things to do was to arrange the Tianxeng family to contact the Association of the Alchemists. I did not expect that Yang Xin had already completed these steps. Then Nie Li could safely deal with the Holy Family. Of course, the Association of Alchemists is also a very important part“Why do you say these things to your children?” Xiao Xiao looked at Nie Ming dissatisfiedly. In her eyes, Nie Li was still a child. What is the use of these things? "Women's view, now the small is already a bronze star spirit deity, the future will enter the core of the day mark family, it is time to know these things!" Nie Ming retorted, a look of pride and a cheerful expression"Well, you're right!" Xiao Xiao said impatiently.The father and mother, like their past lives, often quarreled, but even though the feelings of the two of them were still quite good, Nie smiled.“Father, I still don’t see the patriarch any longer. I want to continue practicing at home!” Nie Li looked up and looked at Nie Ming."That's OK, too late!" Nie Ming smiled.Next to his uncle, Nie Kai touched Nie Yu’s head and said, “You will have to refuel after a light rain, and you must pay attention to Nie’s brother!” “Yeah, light rain will work hard!” Nie Yu nodded and said seriously.As evenings approached, there were bursts of evening breeze blowing through the trees. The leaves buzzed like waves.Nie Li came out of the house and flew into the woods behind the mountain. He sat on a raised stone and looked in the distance. He saw the lights and the stars. They were all places where the Tianxie family lived.The day mark family is a family with a very long history. It can even be traced back to the end of the distant epoch of snow storm empire. The ancestors of the days mark family was a great lord of that era, but later experienced several changes of dynasties. There is a dark age of long and terrible, Tian-Jin family is just a very small family of glorious cities.Nie sat on the stone and quietly practiced. He was only a silver tier away from the silver level. As long as he breaks through the silver level, he will be able to integrate the shadow demon spirit of the Shadow Spirit Light! Incessantly eating a single scorpion, running from the God of Heaven, absorbing the potency of these immortals into the bloodstream, slowly blending into the sea of ​​souls, the soul sea continues to expand and grow.The soul sea is constantly surging, full of majestic soul powerHowever, it seems to be difficult to break through to the silver level, and it is estimated that it takes about 10 days of cultivation! "Almost forgot about this trick, there is a trick that doesn't work!" Nie thought of something and smiled a bit. When breaking silver, there is a method called the adventurous truncation, which is to seal the blood of the arm and other places. , Sealed thirty-six acupuncture points, so that soul power locked in the soul of the sea, forced to break into the silver level! In this way, if you break through, besides consuming a lot of soul power, there will be some damage to the meridians, but you will be able to make up for it by eating some immortals, which will have no effect on future cultivation.“It's just like this!” Nie Li smiled slightly. According to the technique of cut-offs, he blocked one acupuncture point and completely locked the sea of ​​soul.People who do not have absolute control like this technique are categorically afraid to use it.~~ New Book Request Support! ! ! Read3();read4();