After the sea of ​​souls was completely locked up, all the soul power gathered toward the sea of ​​soulsHey, Nie Li continues to devour all kinds of immortality and constantly strengthens this soul force.Soul power continues to gather more and more, more and more richIt's like a little bit of air, it's constantly being compressed at one point and it finally bursts out with amazing power.The soul is constantly congested in the sea of ​​souls, but cannot find a way outContinuously crowded and tornNie Li felt that his own soul was constantly breaking up and constantly reorganized. This intense pain made him pale and sweat."Ah!" Nie Li shouted in pain. Although the will was constantly challenged, Nie still managed to maintain the clearness of consciousness and steadily guided the horrible, soul-strength that was compressed many times and guided the soul force. Run slowlyEach key node in the sea of ​​soul is broken. Every time one node is broken, Nie can feel that his soul power has risen several times in a matter of moments.The final bangThe compressed soul force suddenly exploded and swept the entire soul sea, and the soul sea kept rollingThe horrible pain engulfed the whole body, like ten thousand needles in the brain.The meridians continue to be torn, and Nie Li resolutely endured the fierce pains. After the burst of soul power hit the soul sea, he broke the closed meridians.Nie was relieved, and his body relaxed. Although the meridians of the whole body had been damaged very seriously at this moment, Nie Li’s face showed a smile of excitement, and as expected, she used Qiqie’s hand. Ways to expand the soul sea, so that the soul of the sea reached the silver levelAfter the soul has completely recovered, Nie Li is a silver spirit master! Nie Li took several recovering potions and sat down and began to practice quietly. After finishing to reach this realm, even if she absorbs the yin of the night, Nie Li can also resolve them, plus Nie Li is Male, yang is full, it will not leave hidden diseases like the childIt took more than one hour to sit and practice. The meridians and soul power of Nie finally recovered slowly.Finally reached the silver levelNie Likai opened his eyes and suddenly flashed a flash of light in his eyes. Finally he could use the magic lanterns. Nie Li took the shadowy demon lantern out, and the right hand slowly stroked the shadow demon spirit lamp. A stock of souls went inside the shadow demon spirit lamp and went in. The shadow of the demon spirit lamp flashed, and it flashed a dim yellow. The lights are like a wildfire in the nightOne voice sounds like a ghostly ghost, uploaded from the Shadow Spirit Light.In this light, it hides the shadow demon spirit! However, Nie did not have any fear. He sang low, and the soul power was like a rope, and it was wound up to the light.Nie Li’s soul power detected a dark shadow. When Nie Li’s soul power was wound up like a rope, the shadowy demon screamed screaming and kept struggling. He wanted to pull the soul of Nie away. Broken"I want to escape. It's not that easy. I'll give it to you!" Nie shouted low and displayed his soul power to shock the demon spirit.When the Shadow Warrior Pearling trembled, it kept resisting, but under the repression of Nie from the soul force, the shadow demon spirit gradually ceased to resist, and slammed into a dark shadow into Nie Li's Soul SeaOnce the demon spirit enters the spirit sea of ​​the demon spirit teacher, it will be controlled by the demon spirit master, and will be supported by the spiritual spirit of the demon spirit teacher. If it wants to be free, unless the demon spirit teacher takes the initiative to release it.It's like being branded with some kind of soulAfter merging the shadow demon spirit, Ye Wei's soul sea expands more than twice as quickly. Once the demon spirit is merged, the demon spirit master and the demon spirit will influence each other, even the speed of the soul power will promote each other. Is more than twice the usual timeShadow demon spirit is one of the most mysterious and rare demon spirits. Few people know their characteristics. Therefore, there are few demon spirit masters who can perfectly cooperate with them in the display of various combat skills. However, this is not right for Nie Li. What is difficultShadow demon spirit is undoubtedly very powerful, and it has a very high growth, which is not comparable to ordinary demon spirits.In addition, Nie had a lot of skills in the mind that fit the shadow of the demon spirit, and he definitely could put the power of the demon spirit to the extreme.Nie waved from his right hand, summoned the shadow demon spirit, the body quickly merged with the shadow demon spirit, at this time Nie Li's body looming, like a ghost, the arms in front of a strange The sickle-like bone spurs are just like scorpions. The genius of the demon spirit can be emptied at any time, and it can be solidified at any time. When Nie departs from emptiness, few people can trace his scent, but when he is in a virtual state, Nie has no offensive power, but Nie can be condensed at any time. Once he is solidified, he can kill the enemy! Shadow demon demon spirit is a powerful assassin, in the enemy's time, even if repaired as a few levels higher than the enemy, accidentally, it is easy to be shadow demon demon strangling! The bone spur was about one meter long, and it flashed with the road Hanmang. It looked very sharp.Nie Li looked at his own changes in his arms and looked at a big tree several meters away. He was stabbed at the speed of a tree, and the spurs flashed in the cold. “Beep” and the big tree was Cut, crash, and cut very smoothlyNie Li withdraws his arms with satisfaction, his thoughts move, his body slowly becomes transparent and disappears completely. After a while, Nie Li’s figure reappears in the same place."Sure enough, it was a shadow demon spirit!" Nie smiled a little, showing a satisfied smile, this shadow demon demon spirit ability is definitely the enemy's killer, ordinary people caught off guard, it is easy to be demon demon assassination , And it has a very high growth, which can be gradually enhanced along with the promotion of Nie Lixiu! So choose the demon spirit as the first demon spirit is absolutely not wrong! Generally, the demon spirit master blends the demon spirits for the first time, and it will take several months for the demon spirits to blend in. In order to skillfully display the ability of the demon spirits, this is no difficulty for Nie Li. At half an hour, Nie Li has been able to display these abilities with great skill."Nice!" Nie Li smiled, sat down and glanced at the broken lamp in his hand. After blending the demon spirits, the demon spirit had no use. Nie Li threw the spirit lamp. In a corner of the space ringAt this moment, a thin figure in the distance ran over this side quickly.With the dim moonlight, Nie Li saw each other's appearance and it was a lovely rain."What rain did you come from?" Nie asked, looking at the light rain."I can't sleep, I'm going to work hard like Nie as my brother!" Nie Yu's young face is serious and authentic."Before reaching the silver level, it is best not to practice at night, otherwise it will outweigh the benefits!""But why is Nie apart from his brother?" "I..." Nie can't say, he has already broken through to the silver level. "Boys and girls are different, boys are masculine, not afraid of yin!" "I don't believe it!" Nie Yu said with a disbelief.Nie shook her head reluctantly, Nie Yu was still a bit stubborn, and sometimes I couldn't say anything.Nie Yi thought for a moment and said: "Since I'm back, I'll teach you a trick!" "Okay, thank Nie for your brother!" Nie Yu patted her little hand in excitement. Full of longingNie Li took out a primary soul crystal from the space ring and handed it to Nie Yudao: "You first injected the soul power into this primary soul crystal!" "Oh!" Nie Yu didn't think much about it, injecting a soul power into the soul. Inside the crystal, the soul crystal slowly brightens after a moment"The soul force was thirty-two, and it was a good rain. Only nine years old had such a high soul power..." Nie suddenly stopped and his eyes focused on the soul crystal. He was shocked and murmured, "No wonder the light rain." The practice speed is so fast, the original light rain has the body of the day mark!" "Nie from his brother, what is the body of the day mark?" Nie Yu is very puzzled, she has not heard this word at all, and Nie left her brother to actually say she was practicing speed. Soon, she didn't feel anything at all! What Nie Yu does not know is that Nie Li is talking about her past life.It is a pity that the talent of Tianxie in previous lives has not yet been shown, and it has already fallen into that war.Nie Li took the photo of Nie Yu: “Our Tian-Jin family has been inherited from the period of the snow-capped Empire. It has a very long history and is very noble in descent. The most powerful warrior in the day-race family has almost all of the days marks. The probability of appearing in our bloodstream is only about 1%In other words, there may be a body of the day mark in one hundred ethnic groups. Unfortunately, the practice of the body of the day mark has been lost in the Dark Ages! ""Oh..." Nie Yu blinked blindly.Fortunately, in the book of Demon Spirit of Time and Space, there is a method of cultivation of the body of the day mark. Nie Chenzhong is fortunate enough to think of it, and it can be used to cultivate light rain! “Nani from his brother will teach the practice of light rain training?” Nie Yu asked with some worry, those exercises are lost, can not learn? "Of course, but I teach Xiao Yu Gong method. Little rain can't tell anyone. This is our way. According to Nie Li's knowledge, the days mark family is not iron plate, and there are many complex interests of entanglement, so Nie Li and It is not intended to contribute to the family without reservations to the method of cultivation of the day marks.After Nie Liqiang is strong, he will protect the Tianjian family, but it does not mean that Nie will contribute everything for the family.“Yeah!” Nie Yu nodded his head seriously. “The light rain will not tell other people!” Nie Li taught Niu Yu, the mouth of the first part of the practice of the day marks, and Nie Yu recoiled in the wind. There are 32 soul forces, Nie Yu's memory has been very good, and soon this memorandum is remembered.For the sake of safety, it is sufficient to teach the first chapter first. After Nie Yu has finished practicing the first article, she is taught her the following exercises. After all, Nie Yu is still too small, very simple, and it is easy to be deceived.Nie Yu meditation in his heart, quickly, soul power in the soul of the sea began to crest upIn the days of the snow and snow empire, the genius of the day mark in the day mark family is known as one of the three most powerful demon spirits! The genius of that era was numerous, and there were countless legendary psychic masters. Even so, the body of Tianxie still gained such a reputation. One can imagine the power of Tianxie's body.u