Readx(); Nie Li explained the first part of the Tian-tzu cultivator's mouth to Nie Yu. Soon, Nie Yu found a place to start practicing.The night is getting thicker and darker, and some blackbirds fly across the forest from time to timeNie suddenly looked at him in the distance and saw the shadows in the woods just a few kilometers away. There seemed to be a few shadows passing over him. His brow was slightly crumpled, his right hand waved, and a shadow appeared out of nowhere. Gone quicklyIf the demon spirit is put away, it cannot be directly fought if it is not physically fused with the demon spirit master. However, the demon spirit master can directly sense what the demon sees and hears, sometimes it is still very useful.The ordinary demon spirit is put away, the breath is very easy to be noticed, but the shadow demon spirit can conceal the trail, is very suitable for probing various situations, inquires the topography etc.The shadowy demon spirit soon finds out a few figures in the distance. Through the eyes of the demon-spirited spirit, Nie Li sees three people dressed in black robes and is hiding in the shade of trees.Nie Li controls the shadow of the demon spirit and hides behind the tree. The eyes penetrate the night and find out where these three people are.The three people are chatting“This is the territory of the Tianxie family!” “We have to be careful that there are still several gold elites in the Tianxin family! Once we meet them, we must die!” “You are sure, Nie Zi is away from the kid. In the broken house under the hill?" "Of course, we have already discovered it during the day! The parents of the boy are not practicing. We can completely kill them without knowing it!" These people chatted, Through everything the movie demon hears, Nie Li frowns slightly. Is it a sacred family? It seems that these three people come and want to start with him! However, these three people should all be silver only! One of the people's voices is very familiar, Nie suddenly thought of it, is the Dark Guild deacon! Having encountered in the city of Golan once, Nie Li left this person's voice firmly in mind. Fortunately, they were all silver! There are so many golden cities in the city of glory. Everyone has a special identity plate. Therefore, it is difficult for the dark guild's gold class to infiltrate into the glorious city. Therefore, the strongest is the Dark Society. Yunhua Deacon and othersNie Li slightly frowned, the shadow of the demon spirit released a strong sense of power, vaguely, Nie Li felt the soul strength of the three silver-level strong, a silver five-star, two silver Samsung! "It's a bit difficult to deal with!" Nie wrinkled his brow, if it was a silver one star, two star level, Nie Li can easily get, even the silver Samsung military, Nie Li can also think of ways to deal with, but the other side has a silver five-star It's a bit difficultIf these three people went to Nie away from their home, the trouble would be great."It's light rain, you hurried to tell the adults, and there were several dark guilds in the woods behind the mountain!" Nie Li thought about Nie Yu."Dark Guild?" Nie Yu's eyes flashed a glimmer of fear. When she was very young, she listened to the adults talking about the terrible dark guild. "What do you do? Nie Liqin, let's go together! "I'm fine. I'm not going to face them. I'm staring at them here. You hurry to call the adults. These dark guilds have five-star silver and must be looking for gold!" Nie Li said. In order to guard against the attacks of Wicked Animals, there is a gold-level elders in charge of patrolling the vigil every day in the Tian Clan family's territory. Just call the vigilante elders! "Light rain, hurry, can't delay!" Nie urged anxiously.Nie Yu looked at Nie away with concern and eventually nodded. The petite figure flew away.Seeing Nie Yu ran away, Nie Li was relieved. He asked Nie Yu to find an adult. In addition to looking for a helper, there was a desire to pull Nie Yu apart so he could let go! Nie Li carefully hides his figure and slowly moves closer to where the trio isAlthough the opponent's strength is relatively strong, but the enemy is clearly in the dark, so it is not impossible to fight without a fight.Yunhua took two other silver Samsung warriors and carefully marched among the trees"What happened?" Yunhua Deacon suddenly felt something strange, as if something strange, peering at him in the corner, although this feeling is very light, pale to nowhere to find the source of all this"What's wrong, deacon?" asks the two silver Samsung's martialists questioningly.“Could it be that I was wrong?” Yunhua’s deacon scowled, and he cried a little, a huge black demon ghost appeared out of nowhere, and the chilly eyes glanced coldly around the darkness. forestSilver five-star demon psychic, star black tiger demon spirit! This is even harder to deal with! Nie wrinkled his brow. He hides in the shadow of darkness and holds his breath. The spirit of the demon spirit also hides behind the tree.Nie Li is 50 to 60 meters away from the Yunhua Deacon. This star-shaped black tiger is only silver-grade. It is impossible to detect such a long distance. As for the demon-evil spirit, it is only hidden from the deacons of Yunhua. Five meters away, its figure has been completely blurredThe pupil of the Star Black Tiger issued a round of glinting in the darkness and glanced around. Nothing was found. Yunhua Deacon was relieved and said, “It may be my concern!” Yunhua Deacon will be the star of the black The tiger received it back and the demon spirit was exposed. The atmosphere was easily sensed by other demon spirits, so be careful."The two of us are waiting here. Liu Qing, go ahead and check it out to make sure that the patrols of the Tianjin family are not there. Let's send us a signal!" The deacon of Yunhua sinks slightly, the danger of this matter. Still quite big, he is not willing to take a personal riskLiu Qing was a little depressed and wondered why I was going? But he dared not retort Yunhua’s deacons, nod his head, and then skidded down the hill.Yunhua Deacon and another person named Liu Yan slowed downSeeing that Liu Qing and Yunhua Deacon are separated from Liu Yan in front of them, Nie diverges slightly from the eyebrows. This is a good opportunity! It is still too difficult to deal with three people with Nie Li's strength, but there is no suspense when it comes to the previous silver Samsung military. Although Liu Qing is two levels higher than Nie Li, it is an army and Nie Li. Is a demon teacher! In particular, from the use of Nie, or the spirit of this demon demon spirit completely did not see the demon spirit, most people simply do not know the characteristics of the shadow demon spirit! Under the manipulation of Nie Li, the shadow demon spirit turned into a black light, flew back and quickly merged with Nie Li. Nie Li’s body constantly changed.Nie Li looked away not far from Liu Qing, a trace of cold curvature from the corner of his mouth, his thoughts moved, he disappeared and slowly approached Liu Qing."What happened?" After Liu Qing ran for several hundred meters, he suddenly felt a strange sensation. He stood still and looked around in confusion.In the quiet night, besides the buzzing caused by the breezeIt was my heart, Liu Qing laughed at himself and continued to go forward. He slowed down, and he was thinking about anyway to perfunctor Yunhua Deacon. It was not necessary to be too risky.Nie Li took a breath and quietly approached Liu Qing. There was a hidden ability to shadow the demon spirit. It was difficult for ordinary people to perceive his breath.Five meters, three meters, two meters... Liu Qing did not know that Nie Li had already reached behind him.Suddenly, Liu Qing felt a killer lock himself, and a sense of crisis straight through the vest, he was shocked, suddenly turned and lifted a kick kicked outNothing kicked in this foot, nothing left behind! "What the hell is this?" Liu Qing was chilling. He obviously felt the killing. Why didn't he notice anything after turning around? At the time of Liu Qing’s blasphemy, beside him, a figure was suddenly congested. He only heard a bang, and a cold light flickered through the night and crossed Liu Qing’s neck.Liu Qing's neck was cut off with a blood mark, and a stock of blood rushed out. He opened his mouth and said nothing, and his eyes slowly dimmed. On the groundLiu Qing didn't even think about the death. He was attacked by something. From his practice till now, he hasn't had thousands against the enemy hundreds of times, but he has never encountered such an attack.But he never had a chance to understandAfter Nie Liyi's strike, the body slowly blurs and re-hiding.Nie Li lurked around Liu Qing’s body and prepared for the next ambush.For this first attack, Nie Li was not very satisfied. Before being attacked, he was actually led by Liu Qing. Although the attack succeeded, it was still a failure for Nie Li.The real assassins should be able to kill each other without any reaction from the other party. Shadow demon spirit just merged with Nie Li, Nie Li is not skilled in the manipulation of Shadow Demon ability, mistakes are also normalThe first time you can do this, if you change someone else's words, you should have been very satisfied, but Nie Li is very strict with himself and strives to be perfect.Nie Lie quietly hidden in the shadows, waiting patientlyA faint bloody atmosphere spreads across the forest"What happened?" Yunhua Deacon wrinkled his brow. He felt awkwardly wrong, and flew forward and Liu Yan followed.After flying for a while, they saw the body of Liu Qing on the ground, and they were not shrinking violently by the pupil."Someone!" The deacon Yunhua drew a cool air and immediately alerted him. The other party quietly killed a silver Samsung military in a place not far from him. Could it be that the other party was a golden existence? Liu Yan next to see this scene, suddenly a bit afraid of the cold, Liu Qingcai ran out of such a distance, they were killed, and there is no sound, the other party is how to do it? The two men slowly retired together, back to back, vigilantly looking at the nearby jungleIn the dark night, birds were heard in the quiet jungle from time to time. The sight was empty and there was a faint feeling that people were staring at. Both of them had cold hairs on them.Seeing that Yunhua Deacon and Liu Yan did not have any moves, Nie Li did not have any movement, but he quietly waited.Anyway, continuing to drag on is beneficial to him. It will not be long before Nie Yu can call the elders of the clan.Time goes by minute by minuteIt seemed to feel bad. Yunhua's deacon scowled and drank. "We're going!" He is a cautious man. Since this time he has encountered unexpected setbacks, go back and say it first. No need to riskLiu Yan soon refused to leave, immediately noddedThe Yunhua Deacon is leaping up and ready to leave. Liu Yan next is ready to keep up."Want to go, it's not that easy!" Nie flashed a Hanmang in his eyes and suddenly appeared. He swung the sickle-shaped spur and headed for Liu Yan.After Nie deviated from the virtual, he had been lurking beside Liu Yan's side for a long time. He was only five or six meters away from Liu Yan. After sudden explosion, the speed was surprisingly fast.In the moment when Nie Li suddenly appeared, the pupils of Liu Yan and Yun Hua Deacon slammed suddenly."What people?!" Someone actually lurks in a place so close to them that they haven't noticed for so long! "Kill!" Nie looked away from his eyes and released a cold slay. It quickly blew his way to Liu Yan.Liu Yan coldly groaned, the body suddenly flashed a flash of light, and he had two silver-level arm guards on his body. He raised his arm guards to block the attack of Nie Li, and was also at the same time Nie Li kicked upLiu Yan, who is a silver-class martial artist, is also regarded as a war-torn person and has rich experience in fighting. In such a circumstance, his reaction is unpleasant.Unfortunately, the attacker was not an ordinary person, but Nie Li, who combined the spirit of the demon-evil spirit! Nie Li was facing Liu Yan and suddenly straightened his forearm. The barb on the spur was instantly moved to the back of Liu Yan’s head. He gently clicked, and he banged it into the back of Liu Yan’s head.Liu Yan's pupil was suddenly dispelled. He could not understand why he died. Why did the guy in front of him have such a long arm that he actually ran around behind his neck?It was only between the moments that Nie left another one.On strength, Liu Yan is stronger than Nie Li, but Nie Li did not face up against Liu Yan and he suddenly launched an attack. At the same time, the way he attacked was also unimaginable by Liu Yan. So fast, Liu Yanzheng No way to react, so Nie was attacked from the attack, a kill!