After seeing Liu Yan was killed by Nie Li, the Yunhua messenger who merged with the star black tiger yelped and blew his foot out to the side of Nie Li.Nie Li was kicked off by Yunhua Deacon and flew out of the dozens of meters. He fell on a tree and slowly fell down.Yunhua Deacon glanced down at Liu Yan, who fell into a pool of blood. He was furious. He felt that the other side's strength was not strong, but he actually killed his two men in succession. How could he not be angry? "Damn!" The deacon Yunhua kicked Liu Yan's body and Liu Yan completely died. The back of the head is the most deadly place. After being stabbed, there is basically no chance of survival.Nie slowly wiped the mouth of the blood marks, a grim smile on the corner of his mouth, killing two consecutively, leaving only Yunhua deacon a person! "What a hell, let me die!" The two men were killed consecutively. Yunhua's deacons yelped and cried. After the combination of the star and the black tiger, they were huge in size. The deacons of Yunhua, who was several meters in height, slammed down and took advantage of it. Claw and Nie Yi flew awayShadow demon spirit is an assassin-type demon spirit, proficient in assassination, but its own strength is relatively weak, it needs a little bit slowly to enhance, and the devil Yunhua Deacon this star black tiger, is a power-type demon Spirit, fighting power is very strong, the body is covered with various blessingsSeeing that the giant palm of Yunhua Deacon will immediately fall on Nie Li's body, Nie Li’s figure will gradually blur and disappear.The giant palm of Yunhua Deacon patted on the side of the tree and cut off the tree."How is it?" Yunhua delirium pupil suddenly shrinks, he did not expect to encounter such a weird thing, what in the end is what a ghost thing? Shadow demon spirit is a very mysterious demon spirit, its ability is also very special, Yunhua Deacon completely not seen nor normalIn the heart of the Yunhua Deacon, although he did not see the other person's appearance, he could basically confirm that the other person was definitely a human with a demon spirit! Although I don't know what the demon is in the other party’s fusion, the eyes of the deacon Yunhua suddenly flashed a murderous move, urging the starry black tiger to fly across the woods, searching for Nie Li’s place.“The dark shadow that was just now must be a rare assassin-type demon spirit!” thought the deacon of Yunhua, and the ghost of Nie Li left him with a deep impression.Yunhua Deacon searched among the trees and searched for the location of Nie. Nie left behind a tree and held his breath. He did not dare to move. After all, whether it was his cultivation or the power of the demon spirit, he was still Just entering the silver level and confronting the enemy, it is absolutely impossible to defeat the silver five-star demon singer of Yunhua Deacon.Nie can only assimilate Yunhua Deacon by virtue of the demon spiritThe demeanor of Yunhua Deacon is getting closer and closer.Under the manipulation of Nie Li, the phantom demon spirit suddenly appeared, and the sharp front paws plunged toward the neck of the deacon Yunhua.Feeling a chill, the Yunhua deacons did not dare to make times, swept backwards, escaped Nie Li’s attacks, and suddenly turned to pounce on Nie.Shadowy demon spirit claws were wiped from the head of Yunhua Deacon several times, and the deacon of Yunhua was shocked. This thing was terrible. The forelegs could be long or short, and the movements were surprisingly fast. May be hit by a hitYunhua Deacon swept back by dozens of meters, only to escape the shadow demon spirit attack, slightly breathed, was preparing to launch a fierce attack, only to see in front of the shadow demon spirit again blurred, disappearedThe deacon of Yunhua can not help but cursing, Nie Li, who combined the demon spirit of the demon demon, is too difficult to deal with, and disappears at every turn.Incarnation of the Star Tiger Black Tiger, he continued to shoot in the direction of the shadow of the demon spirit disappearing, hitting the ground rock splash, but Nie did not show up“The tricks used by this demonic thing are not stealth combat skills!” Yunhua Deacon secretly apprehensive, many assassin-type demon spirits will display stealth combat skills, but stealth combat skills have a very obvious drawback, that is when attacked , it will automatically appearThe cast of the demons is not a stealth combat technique, but a very rare tactical warfare. It is to transform itself into a group of air-like existence that can be penetrated by any entity.The weakness of imaginary combat skills is that after the display of imaginary combat skills, the movement speed is very slow, comparable to that of turtles.However, due to the rarity of this combat technique, it is a talented warfare technique that affects the demon spirit. Most people never saw it, let alone know its weaknesses.Yunhua's deacons paused for a long time, but Nie was not able to find where he was hiding for such a long time. He had started to recuperate. Although both men died here, he was not reconciled."Sooner or later one day, I will kill you this Tianxie family!" Yunhua Deacon thinks with great anger, but he only thinks about it. Although Tianxie's family has declined, it is still a glorious family in the glorious city. As for the protection of the city, the Dark Society wants to destroy the family of Tian marks, and it must be possible to capture the city of glory. This kind of thing is not what he can decide at all.At this moment, there was a squealing noise in the distant jungle. Several figures swept away from here.It is a person of the day mark family! The pupil of Yunhua Deacon suddenly contracted, and his body leaped up and ran toward the outside.Nie suddenly slumped away from his eyes. Now that the reinforcements are coming, he has nothing to worry about. He suddenly appears, and the sharp, sickle-shaped forelimbs go toward the deacons of Yunhua and turn his way to Hanmang.The Nie from the shadow demon spirit is amazingly fast, like a hunterHanmang felt assault and Yunhua deacon suddenly surprised and turned to avoid, but he was still a step away.He left a wound on his shin, blood splatter"Damn!" Yunhua Deacon didn't expect the attack of Shadow Yaoxuan to be so fast.The deacons of Yunhua looted far and away, and several ups and downs disappeared into the dark jungle.With his own cultivation, it is estimated that it is impossible to catch up. Some vocal voices came from behind. They should have arrived with the elders. Nie was slightly moved from the body, and the demon spirit was slowly taken back to the sea of ​​souls. His body gradually Restored the appearance of ordinary peopleThe three figures fell in front of Nie Li and led the elders Nie En. The other two were Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori. The two brothers Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori were older than Nie, Nie Xiaofeng. Already a silver two-star demon psychic, Nie Xiaori is a silver star warriorThe relationship between the two brothers and Nie Li has always been not very good, often ridiculed by the poor talent of Nie Li"Nie Li, you let Nie Yuchuan say that the three dark guilds are there. Where are the three people?" Elder Niel looked at Nie Li and asked Shen. He sniffed, and there was a hint of blood in the jungle. Breath"There was a ran in that direction. There were two on the ground!" Nie Li said. "The one who ran away was a silver five-star demon psychic, which merged with the black tiger demon spirit, and the elders were careful! The man was In the case of injuries, there should be bloodstains!” Hearing Nie Li’s words, Elder Niel surprised and looked at Nie Li. He vaguely felt that today’s Nie seems to be not quite the same as before."I'll chase you, and you two stay here!" Elder Niel said quietly, if the other side is really a silver five-star demon psychiatrist, then Xiaofeng and Xiaori's two brothers have no use.Nie ran back in the direction of Yunhua’s deacon’s escape, and disappeared into the dark jungle after a moment.Looking at Nie Enyuan, Xiaofeng and Xiaori's brothers took a look at Nie Li and his face flashed with disgusting expressions."How could the dark guilds come here? If you were to deceive Elder Nieln, then you know the consequences..." Xiao Xiao said with a cold grunt next door. He wore a black cloak and he was 20 years old. Nie Li raised his head and looked down at Nie Li with a contemptuous lookWhen I heard the words of Xiaori, Nie frowned and said: "I've eaten enough to fool you. There are still two bodies on the ground. Will you not see it yourself?" Although Xiaofeng and Xiaori are somewhat unspeakable to their brothers, but after all they are members of the Tianxen family. They experienced the great destruction of the glorious cities of past lives. All the tribesmen died under the savagery of the mighty animals. This is not a personal grudge.But for both of them, Nie Li still had nothing to faceNie Xiaofeng was one year older than Nie Xiaori. He was a bit calmer and he looked at Nie Li. They had a long-standing conflict with Nie Li because their parents were not very harmonious with each other, but Nie Xiaofeng also It feels like today's Nie seems to be different. I dare to speak upright with them.Three people walked forward together for a while. Xiaofeng and Xiaori finally saw the bodies of Liu Qing and Liu Yan.Did not think there really are two bodies! "How did the two of them die?" Xiao-Jiao froze, frowning and asked, "Is it you killed?" Nie Li did not answer, but bent down and observed Liu Qing and Liu Yan. He was Liu Qing and Liu Yan found the two Dark Guild tokens on their bodies."It is indeed the dark guild!" Nie Xiaori uttered two voices. "It is estimated that the two guilds of the dark guilds came to steal our stuff from the Tianxin family. The result was given by you!" Yes, but even if the bronze did not arrive, then the strength of these two stupid thief is not very goodNie Xiaofeng glimpsed Nie Xiaori. His face flashed with a hint of doubt. He squatted down from the body of Liu Qing and Liu Yan and took down several pieces of silver armor. The right hand was in the bodies of Liu Qing and Liu Yan. On the pinch, Shen Sheng said: "There are two silver-class martial artists!" "Silver class? How is it possible? Brother, are you mistaken?" Nie Xiaori loses track"It's really silver-grade. There is nothing wrong with him. They all have silver-grade armor. Muscle strength should be on top of you!" said Nie Xiaofeng, in an incontestable tone.At this time, regardless of whether Nie Xiaofeng or Nie Xiaori, his eyes fell on Nie Li's body."Is it what you killed?" Nie Li shrugged: "I never said that I killed it, it may be that they kill each other!" This thing is full of flaws, Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori brow furrowed, is it Is there another strong person near here? Since this strong man helped to kill the dark guild, it should not be the enemy of the day mark family.Nie Xiaori’s eyes constantly swept away on Nie Li’s body. He felt that Nie was too suspicious. However, even if he wanted to break his head, he could not imagine it. In just a few months, Nie Li’s repairs It has already broken through to the silver level, and Nie Li's repair is much more powerful than ordinary silver!