The two brothers did not believe how Nie Li's strength actually rose to such an alarming degree.“Does Nieln's Elder Will Be Dangerous?” next to Nie Xiaori’s brow furrowed and asked, Elder Nieln had been in search of the past for a long time, still not coming back."Reassuringly, there should be no problem!" Nie Xiaofeng shook his head. "This is the domain of the Tianxie family. The dark guild people who have mixed into the glorious city are usually the silver ones at most, and Elder Nie is already. Golden Samsung samurai, there will be no problem"In the distant jungle, there was a sound of fighting, but quickly, the sound went far away.For a long time, no longer any movementA figure in the distance swept quickly"It was Elder Nieln, and Elder Niel returned!" Nieen fell in front of them with a deep look“Elder Neel, how is it? Have you caught up?” asked Nie XiaofengElder Nielen shook his head and said: "The other side is a silver five-star demon psychic teacher. After blending the Star Tiger Black Tiger Demon Spirit, the strength is very strong, and there are quite some means. I did not catch up with him and was ran by him!" Heard Nie En's words, Nie Xiaofeng, Nie Xiaori looked at each other, actually escaped under the elders of Nie En, the demon psychic division is not simple! Nie En looked at the corpse of Liu Qing and Liu Yan on the ground and frowned. This matter was a bit embarrassing. How could the dark guilds appear here? Who did these two guys get rid of? Was the dark guild’s people guilty and ran to their territories to kill each other? It is also impossible to think about it. Or is there a mysterious strong man who has helped the family of Tian to kill the two dark guilds? The mysterious powerhouse killed two silver grades, and at the same time wounded the silver five-star demon psychic, I am afraid that at least a golden level exists! Who is actually helping Tianji family? Since the strong man helped Tianxie family why he did not show up? Although he was somewhat skeptical about Nie, but Nie Enn elders would not have thought that it was Nie Li who had killed the two guys and wounded the deacon Yunhua, because Nie Lie did not even have a bronze star before leaving the clan to the Holy Spirit Academy. Only a short semester, how could it reach the silver level? Nie Enhao looked at the bodies of Liu Qing and Liu Yan on the ground. Whether he was Liu Qing or Liu Yan, he did not have signs of intense fighting. Instead, he was attacked by a sharp weapon at the crucial point. The wound shows a strange zigzag"A terrible killing means!" Nie secretly scared, even if he is, I am afraid it can not be so neat and tidy to kill two silver Samsung's martial arts, but this person uses weapons, it is a bit strange, he has never seen! "Nie Li, you walked with me and found out how to find the three dark guilds. What happened afterwards was reported to the owner!" Nieen thought for a moment and took a look at Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori. "You guys The two brought the two bodies back and showed them to the family!” “Yes, Elder Niel!” Nie nodded and nodded.“Yes!” Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori were carrying a corpse and followed behind NieThey only took a few steps and saw Nie Yufei rushing. Nie Yu’s speed was much slower than that of Nie Lun’s elders. So it’s only now that they arrived."Nie from his brother, how are you doing, are you okay?" Nie Yu Zhinen's little face is still hung with tears, his eyes are full of worried colors“Take it easy, Nie is okay with his brother!” Nie smiled and touched Nie Yu’s head."Ok“Heard Nie Li’s words, Nie Yu’s heart was let down, and he followed him closely behind NieIn the family hall of the Tian-Xin family, where the lights were bright, the people of the Tian-Jin family were all fully armed. They all held torches. They knew that the Dark Guild people had come to the territory of the Tian-Jin family. They all climbed up and were ready to meet.Seeing Niel and others returning, the crowd slowly separated a roadNie Hai, the owner of the Tian Clan family, sat on the head and was dressed in a gray robe with a long white hair. He looked calm and solemn with a majestic momentum."Nie En, what happened in the end?" Nie Hai asked Nie En“Back to the householder, the thieves of the three dark guilds, it is estimated that they want to steal something from our day mark family and have been killed by two. One has run away!” Nie said with a hand.Nie Hai looked at the two bodies on the ground and took a slight sigh of relief and said: "Fortunately, there are only three people. Although they do not know what they are doing, they still have to be careful. I am afraid that there will be nothing in the Tiangen family. Being darkened by the dark guild, these three people are likely to inquire into the situation of the day mark family's defense. In the recent days, we must redouble the martial law!” “Yes!” The guards of the Tian-gen family next to the crash should be"Is the two people killing you?" Nie Hai will see at a glance. The two guys who have been killed may have at least silver strength."No!" Nieen shook his head.“Is Xiaofeng and Xiaori?” Nie Hai praised the audience. “The two children of Xiaofeng and Xiaori were trained to ascend quickly!” Hearing Nie Hai’s words, both Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori felt hot on their faces. of“Back to the owners, it is not what we killed!” Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori quickly said that they dare to take creditNie Hai frowned slightly and questionedly asked, "Who killed it?" Only Nie En, Nie Xiaofeng, and Nie Xiaori went to kill the people of the several dark guilds. Didn't anyone else succeed? "When we arrived, the two men were already dead. Only Nie Li was present!" Nie En said truthfully.All the people's eyes fell on Nie Li's body. The feeling of ridiculousness rose up in his heart. What did Nie Likai do when he was cultivated? How could the two silver-class warriors be eliminated? "I don't know. I only saw a black shadow in front of me. The two men fell to the ground!" Nie shrugged, pretending to be innocent.He is not willing to expose his strength so quickly"Dark shadow?" The crowd gave a glimpseElena Nieen was silent for a moment and squatted down and pointed to the bodies of the two silver warriors on the ground. He said: “Look at the owner, this wound was hurt by some kind of weapon. This weapon is very strange, and I really can’t think of glory. Who uses this weapon in the city!” The eyes of the people fell on the wounds of these two bodies."These two men were hit by a shot, and they were killed!" Elder Niel took a deep breathA group of people face each other. They are certainly not members of the family who use such weapons. Who is doing it? Could it be that behind the hill still hides a certain master from failing? I don't know if that person is an enemy or a friend. Whether it's an enemy or a friend, there is such a person hiding in the back of the mountain."Since that person helped us kill the Dark Society, it should be standing on the side of the city of glory. There should be no problem."Niehai is silent for a moment." This matter does not need to be concerned. The key is why the Dark Guild came from. In order to be safe, the day marks the family to enter the wartime state, and the arming within the family also needs to change.At this time, Nie Hai's side, Elder Nie Wei's eyes fell on Nie Li's body and she replied, "Nie Li, when will you come back?" Hearing to Elder Nie Wei, Nie could not help but scalp hair Ma, the most difficult thing in the Tianxin family is Nie Wei’s elders. Elder Nie Wei is a law enforcement elders of the Tian-gen family. However, all tribal people commit erroneous mistakes and are punished by the elders of Nie Wei. , second only to Nie HaiIn the entire Tianjian family, Nie had the most hate, except for Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori, and it was this Nie Wei. In past lives, he was obliged by law enforcement staff and did not know several times, and Nie Wei also had an identity. This is Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori’s grandfather.Nie had been thinking more than once that their family had little to deal with their own homes. Are they responsible for the private hatred of the Nie Welfare Bulletin? “Back to the elders, I just came back today!” Nie left the archer boxerNie Wei grunted, and scolded: "Nie Li, you know what is wrong?" Nie left some confused, doubting: "Nie left, I would like to ask Elder Nie to express!" "Nie Li, you are not at school Studying hard has provoked a lot of trouble. I heard that you have provoked the families of several sacred families so that the sacred family has taken control of our Tianxen family. Is this something?” Nie Wei asked sternly.Hearing the words of Elder Niewei, everyone’s eyes once again fell on Nie Li’s body. That time was the most difficult time for the Tianxin family. He was excluded by the sacred family and suffered heavy losses in various businesses. All these were related to Nie Li’s ? Nie Hai heard the words of Elder Niewei and frowned and looked to Nie from Shen Sheng. "Will Nie Li. Can this happen?" Nie nodded helplessly: "It's really me!" “Studying at the Holy Spirit Academy, but not following the family instructions, provoking right and wrong, so that the family suffers losses, the obligor is responsible for one hundred, can you be convinced?” Elder Nie Wei's eyes closely watched Nie Li, and there was a dreadful majesty.After hearing Nie Wei’s words, Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori smiled at each other. Some gloated and mischievous. Nie Li was unlucky and ran into Grandpa’s hands.There are eight branches in the day mark family, and there are still some contradictions between the various branches. Even though foreign enemies come, everyone will fight together against the enemy. However, at ordinary times, they all continue to compete for their respective interests and status in the family. Xiang LetNie Li’s branch has several elders who want to help Nie Li, but they are also silent. After all, Nie Li is indeed doing something wrong. Nie Wei’s work is brilliant and they have nothing to say.Next to Nie En's frown, he was also Nie from this branch, and thought for a moment, he said: "Homeowner, Nie Lai is a child after all, and the repair is so weak. Isn't it too heavy? A bludgeon continued, afraid that it would be impossible to get a bed for two months!” Elder Nie Wei murmured, “It is wrong for Elder Nieln to favor the younger generation. Nie Li’s mistakes are unforgivable. If not, the Alchemist Association will help. When we made a clearance, I Nie did not know what kind of situation I would encounter. I am afraid that even the family name of the noble family is difficult to preserve. With such a large fault, it is already cheaper for the stick to charge one hundred!” Nie Wei’s eyes are round and cold. Look at Nie Li. “Nie Li. Can you say something?” Nie Wei is ruthless. Nie Wei’s fear is that Nie Wei is the most afraid of his past. When he sees Nie Wei blinking, he will be scared and erect and will not even speak. However, in this life, he did not put Nie Wei in his eyes.Nie Hai frowned and silently said: "I just got news. Nie Lie has just been admitted to the Holy Spirit College genius class and will be intensively trained by the Holy Spirit Academy! If the stick is responsible for one hundred, it will be afraid of academic delay!" Nie Hai Or to help Nie to say something, as the head of the family, the tribe made achievements in the Holy Spirit College, he was naturally the first to know, when he heard that Nie Li arrived at the bronze one star, was admitted to the Holy Spirit Academy, he is very It is doubtful that one of the doubts is that Nie Li’s cultivation was actually promoted so fast that it reached a bronze star. There is also a question as to why the Holy Spirit Academy assigned a student who had just reached the bronze star to a talented class. ? Hearing Nie Hai's words, everyone was shocked to see Nie Li and Nie Li from what they had cultivated. They knew that they were crystal clear. Nie Li was actually recruited as a disciple of the genius class of the Holy Spirit School. This news was amazing! The brothers Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori had an incredible look on their faces. It is unclear what kind of goods Nie left is. Actually admitted to the genius class of the Holy Spirit Academy! Is this news false? Even the two of them are not qualified to enter the Holy Spirit College talent class! But these words are spoken from the head of the family, and they have no courage to question