Readx(); Over the years, the descendants of the Tianjeng family have been able to enter the gifted class at the Holy Spirit College, and they have scored dozens of people.Although there is no genius class, it does not mean that there is no value to be cultivated. However, talented classes are often amazingly gifted, and they have achieved amazing results in the end.Nie Hai, as the owner of the family, has always been fair and unselfish.“Nie Li, you talked about how the whole thing is going on in the sacred family?” Nie Hai asked Nie to see. In his opinion, Nie was not a person who could not be blamed for being a nuisance in a group of younger generations. Those who have sinned against the holy family for no good reason, and now Nie Li was recruited by the Holy Spirit Academy as a disciple of discipleship, and have already been qualified to be fostered by the family."Back to the family, I was offended by the sacred family. It brought some trouble for the Tianxin family, but I have already solved the problem?" Nie said without hesitation, he respected Nie Hai, but he was born again. After that, even though Nie Hai was awesome, he did not have the slightest flaw.Nie’s mood has long surpassed everyone’sNie Hai looked at Nie Li. Some were surprised. He had a feeling that today's Nie seems to be somewhat different from what he used to be. Even though facing him, he has no fear at all. He has quite some tolerance and demeanor."Ha ha ha, it's funny, our day mark family is the help of the Association of Alchemists, only to get rid of the suppression of the sacred familyHow does the Association of Alchemists want us to help grow all kinds of herbs before we help our family in Tianxie? What does it have to do with you? How talented are you, actually dare to help our family solve the trouble? Next to Nie Xiaori, he said that what he said was inferred by Nie Wei.After listening to Nie Xiaori’s words, Nie looked at Nie Xiaori and Nie Wei next to him, and said, “It's funny that the Association of Alchemists is detached in the glorious city, and even comparable to the three great families. What helps the weak Tianxie family? Just because Tianxin family grows herbs, the family that grows herbs is more! And why do other people give Tianxue's herbs a 30% higher price than other families?” Nie Hai Such people are slightly surprised, which is exactly where their hearts are puzzled. The behavior of the Association of Alchemists is not just to help the Tian-trace family. It is simply demonstrating to the Tian-trace family, but their hearts are puzzled, like the Alchemist Association. Exceedingly awful, why would you show off to the family in Tianxie, which is somewhat inconsistent with the truth?Looking at indifferent Nie Li, whether it is Nie Hai or Nie Wei, Nie En, and other senior officials are puzzled, is this matter really related to Nie Li? Next to Nie Li's father, Nie Ming, saw that Nie had fallen from the top of the law enforcement elders. He was a bit panicked. He had no cultivation. He was a branch boy in Tianxen. It was exactly the same as a farmer. He had seen such a thing. The scene, panic-stricken to Nie Haixia said: "Homeowner, Nie from his small, not sensible, I am willing to be punished for him, but also please the owner of mercy!" "Father, hurry up!" Nie to see Nie Ming crouched down, wrinkled his brow, and hurried to pull Nie Ming. His father, Nie Ming, was an honest man. “Father, you don’t have to kneel down to anyone!” “You have made a big mistake and you haven’t admit it!” Father Nie Ming scolded him that in his opinion, if he took the initiative to admit his mistake, he could still seek a little forgiveness. Nie left the head of the family and only made the situation more complicated.Seeing Nie Ming sneezing on his own, Nie had some sourness on his nose. Regardless of whether he was a past life or this life, his father paid too much for him. In past lives, he had caused his father too much sin. Let his father suffer a little bit of wrongedNie Li giggled with a straight fist and glared at Nie Wei, Nie Xiaori, Nie Xiaofeng and others.Nie Hai looked at Nie Li. He vaguely had a feeling that the Association of Alchemists had sheltered the Tian-Jin family. It must have had some relationship with Nie Li. He looked down and said to Nie Ming: “Nie Ming, you are fast. Let's just point it out. Before this matter is clarified, it will not give Nie away from conviction.Although Nie Li did in fact provoke the sacred family, after all, our Tian-tzu family did not suffer any loss. No one would arbitrarily punish Nie Li! "After hearing Nie Hai's words, Nie Ming revealed a faint look of confusion and stood up doubtfully. The owner did not intend to pursue him. For this matter, he was still in the dark."Homeowner, if this matter is not handled by Nie Li, it is afraid that it will not be convinced.Even if it didn't bring substantial losses to the Tian-trace family, Nie left the sacred family to offend. It is true that the future sacred family will find us trouble! "The big elders Nie Wei frowning road“Is there a law enforcement elder, are you a family of Tian-trace or a sacred family?” Nie deplored and asked“What is your qualification for talking to me like this? No rules become a rule, I just enforce the law!” Nie Wei screamed“Big Elder, I don’t see it as simple as this matter. Small separation is not a person who provokes wrongdoing. If this matter is caused by a sacred family, it may not be wrong to leave the body. Since this matter has passed, then Forget it!” Elder Nielen apparently favored Nie Li. Several factions of the Tian-trace family were found. If Nie Wei punished Nie Li, there would still be some influence on Nie En’s prestige.“Is the elder general really responsible for law enforcement? The last time Nie Xiao-il hit the family of Tianzhu, they sent some gifts before they settled. Why did you not see Nie Wei’s elders punish Nie Xiaori?”“These two things cannot be compared at the same time. The conflict between Nie Xiaori and the descendants of the Tianzhu family is for the benefit of the family, and the power of the Scorpio family cannot be compared with the sacred family!” Nie Weiyin calmed her face. Nie Li really ate the Xiong Xin leopard gall, actually dared to confront him, but he was depressing. This time, Nie Hai actually stood on the side of Nie, and he couldn’t possibly face the owner.“Since the elder did not investigate clearly, how can I know that I did not fight with people for the benefit of the family, but because I couldn’t sacred people, he would punish me severely, just to see it as a sacred family? The family cannot even protect the family's children, but this family cannot afford to stay!” Nie said to Nie Wei coldly.Everyone never thought that Nie actually would say something like this. This is not just a simple matter of hitting a big elders.Does Nie Li mean to withdraw from Tianxie family? The previous impression of Nie from giving people has always been timid and fearful. But today, dare to say such things in front of the homeowners and elders, this matter is not simple.Nie Ming aside, scared and yelled: "What are you talking about, you are not about to apologize to your family!" "Oh, wings are hard, actually want to quit the family? Don't forget It is the day mark family upbringing to protect you, you only have today!” Big Elder Nie Wei coldly said, “It's an ungrateful little animal!” “The day mark family is a family of all of us, and the Tianxie family did provide us with shelter. That's right, but it wasn’t that the Tianzhe family raised me. My parents worked hard every day to grow food herbs and raise me. They also worked hard for the Tianjeng family, so we didn’t owe anyone anymore. I don't owe anyone!" Nie Lizhi straight body board said"I really have such a reason, let go!" Nie Wei Qingqing's face, also want to scold Nie, but was stopped by Nie Hai.Nie Ming hurriedly pulled Nie away. He did not understand how Nie departed from this day. In the past, Nie had always shrank and shrank. How could he dare to hit the elders and the family like today? Nie Haiwei blinked his eyes and looked at Nie Li. Today, Nie Li argued in a well-grounded way. It really made him look at Nie away. In the face of so many elders, he was completely absent. He laughed and smiled. It is correct to say that the Tianjin family is the family of all of us. Everyone contributes to the family. The asylum people are the responsibility of the family. Before the matter is ascertained, it is not possible to arbitrarily punish the people!” Nie Wei is really Somehow I do not understand, what happened to the head of the house today, and Nie Li spoke of such inconceivable words. Nie Hai actually stood on the side of Nie and sheltered Nie from. What does this mean? After listening to Nie Hai’s remarks, including Nie Ming and others, all looked silly. They had thought that Nie had to slam the big elders. Even if he was not driven out of the family, a heavy penalty would not be able to escape. But Nie The sea family did not care at all, but it was simply that Nie had left the house.Nie Wei wrinkled his brow, he secretly thought, Nie Hai this old fox a little bit right! Nie Hai is too tolerant of Nie Li and is somewhat inconsistent with common sense! On the other side, Elder Nie and others also looked at Nie’s thoughtfulness.Hearing Nie Hai’s words, Nie Bengyi’s feelings were lighter. After all, he still had a lot of feelings about the family in Tian-trace. The reason why he said these words was because he was dissatisfied with the sentiments of some people in Tian-trace family, since Nie Hai If the owner is so generous, then there is nothing“Nie Li, you just came back from the Holy Spirit Academy and encountered such a thing. Go back and have a good rest. Tomorrow, Nie Hai’s grandfather wants to examine the results of your cultivation!” Nie Hai stood up and stretched out. A lazy waist, hahalang smiled and saidAt this time, the eyes of the people all showed a shocking look. Not only did the Nie Hai family not trace the fault of Nie Li, was he still so close to Nie Li? After listening to Nie Hai’s words, Nie Ming couldn't help but got excited. Nie Hai’s family actually wanted to personally test the results of Nie Li’s practice. This is absolutely a great honor! After all, Nie Li was not a direct descendant of Nie Hai. Nie Hai was a bit too good for Nie Li. The people of the Nie family face each other, but do not understand where the problem liesHearing Nie Hai's words, Nie Chengzhong suddenly understood that Nie Hai should have seen what. Nie Hai was, after all, a golden spirit teacher. I am afraid that he had noticed the spirit of the demon spirit in his body and he thought of alchemy again. Of the Association of Teachers, it's not hard to connectIn this case, Nie Li is not prepared to hideEven if they are not themselves, they must also fight for some benefits for their parents and uncles.When the people of the Nie family were strangely inexplicable, a tribe rushed in and said to Nie Hai: “Returning to the owner, Yang Lishi of the Alchemist Association visited!” “Yang Lishi?” Regardless of Nie En and Nie Wei Or Nie Hai, they all showed a shocking colorI didn't expect that the Yang Lishi of the Alchemists Association would actually visit Tianxie family in the middle of the night! They have been in contact with the Association of Alchemists for many times, naturally knowing the position of Yang Zhishi in the Association of Alchemists, that is, besides the president and the elders, the power is the one to cover the sky! A person like Yang Lishi can casually say a word to a noble family and make a noble family flourish. This time, the sacred family suppressed the family of Tian marks, once leaving Tianxue's family in a very embarrassing situation. The director Yang helped Tianxie solve all problemsThe Association of Alchemists is comparable to the detached existence of the three great families. Its influence in the City of Glory is much stronger than that of the Holy Family and the Holy Family. It is second only to having a legendary demon psychic and to control the position of the Lord. Snow family! Faced with such real power figures as Yang Lishi, even Nie Hai must be respected!