"Nie from this guy actually let me be a bait, too hateful!" Lu Piao saw a horn sheep rushed straight, suddenly scared tossing urine flow, and even running backwardsAt this time, Du Ze and Nie Li were hiding in the grass and carrying their bows."My mother, Horny sheep is too scary, fast shot, fast shot!""Lapiao this boy, not to say he is good enough to make him stand still, horn sheep will certainly break into the trap area, he ran away, and deviate from the position!" Nie from the wrinkled brow, the trap area is one by one Deep in the small pit of two fingers, once the horn sheep stepped in carelessly in the wild, it would cause one of the legs and legs to break. At that time, another arrow shot in the past will surely do more with less.Seeing that the land is running wildly and furiously, Duze is also nervous and pulls the trigger continuously. Hey, three arrows are blazed out.The horn sheep is a creature that is demonized. It reacts extremely quickly when it is not injured. It feels that the back three arrows are blazed. The response is very fast. It leaps in succession. The three arrows are whistling and rubbing from the side of the horn sheep."Hey? Shooting too much?" Lu floated a stupefied eye. The sharp corners of the horn sheep were close at hand. Nie Li and Du Ze actually engaged in this kind of sly moth. He simply burst into tears and misunderstood the friends. ! If the sharp cusp is on top of him, he can instantly make him ass bloom.Seeing the horns dodging the arrows, they still rushed to Lupin without hesitation. Duze was sweaty. It was too late for him to fill the arrow. He could imagine that Lu Piao was beaten by the horns. Bad butt scene“Nie Li, what do we do...” Duze said halfway, immediately booing, dare not bother Nie LiNie was a half-length body, his left arm was straight, his body was resting on his left arm, his right hand was holding the trigger, his eyes were staring at the foresight, and even the lateral movement of the crossbow was stable as if it were on a fixed stand.Duze could hardly describe his feelings at the moment. Nie's arrows had not yet been fired. Duze had a feeling that he must be in the middle of the game. Nie Li at the moment was like a cheetah licking in the grass. WisdomAlthough the body is weak and even the bronze warriors are not, Nie still has experience from his previous life. It is a rich experience accumulated through the bloody battles, and even some insights from the moment of death, regardless of weapons, swords, bows. Hey, even a piece of iron, is deadly in the hands of Nie Li.Although Nie Li is not a bronze warrior, he has thousands of methods at any time and place. He uses his rich experience to kill a bronze or even a silver warrior! The whole world seems to be left with only one person, Nie Li, who looks away from the look of the front sight, just like an eagle that is ready to pounce.Nie still showed some tender cheeks, a firm look, and gestures, which gave people a feeling of Yuelu.Oh! Nie Li pulls the trigger and a helium arrow shoots outThe arrow made a silver lightThe location of Nie’s shot from the arrow is just a corner of the gaze of the horn sheep."Middle!" Looking at the arrow's passing, Duzel's heart was startled. At this time, Nie Li gave him an illusion, like an old shooter who had been hunting for years.The horn sheep did not have time to dodge and slam, the arrow shot on the hind leg of the horn sheep.With a loud bang, the horns cry and fall down, just lying on the feet of Liao’s feet and raising dust from the sky.Lu Piao gasping for breath, nervous to the extreme, watching the mournful sheep, can not help but think: "My God, too exciting! My mother, my butt was spared"If Nie's arrow was a little slower, he would be decapitated by the horns! If it were an ordinary arrow, it wouldn't have happened to this demon's horn sheep. The horn sheep would surely get up quickly." , but their arrows are not ordinary. They are coated with grass juice mixed with blackgrass and zoysia. They are simply the horns of horn sheep.The toxin quickly entered the heart of the horn sheep along the blood of horn sheep. The horns of horn sheep are getting lower and lower."What's so fast?" Duze was surprised, but he did not expect that the effectiveness of Nie's pharmacy was so powerful. In a short while, a horny sheep completely lost its resistance.Lu Piao was also very surprised. The strength of these horn sheep is known to him. Two bronze one-star martial artists will also take a long time to knock them down! But the horn sheep was stumbled by that little arrow. "It's so thrilling!" Lu Yun thought of the scene just now and still had a hard time"If you don't run around, this horn sheep can't threaten you!""Ok"Lumpy couldn't help but blush. He didn't really do what he planned, because he saw Pandora rushed over and he panicked."Looking at the fallen sheep, Duze is still in a dream. Just now, Nie Li’s expression movements are still deeply imprinted in his mind so that he deeply admires him.From small to large, Duze admire one person for the first time! Nie from archery technology, simply called the master class, ordinary people even if practiced for ten years, it may not be able to reach the realm of Nie from now! "Hurry up and pack up, in addition to the horns, the fur on the neck and the demon crystal, the demon spirit, the other are not!" Nie Qifei quickly authentic, the demon crystal and demon spirits are in the head, the demon crystal is probably a thumb The size of the crystal, the general Wicked has a demon crystal, as for the demon spirit, tens of thousands of horn sheep have only one or two have the demon spiritThe shape of the demon spirit is like a candle flameThe horn sheep that generally possess the demon spirit will be much stronger than the ordinary horn sheepThe horn sheep belong to the lower level bronze star wicked beast, so all kinds of things are cheaper, a pair of horns can sell five phantom soul coins, the fur on the neck can sell three demon soul coins, but the demon crystal, also can sell Five demon spiritsIn this way, even if there is no demon spirit, a horn sheep can also earn 13 demon coinsIt took them only five minutes to kill this horned cub. If they were to slay the horn sheep, wouldn’t it be said that the three of them could earn thousands of demon coins in one day? Duze couldn't help but be agitated. His family was very poor. The income from a year was only about two or three thousand demon spirits. To allow Duze to enter the Holyland College, Duze’s family even borrowed a lot of money from relatives and friends.Duze is the hope of their family! If you hunted a sheep with Nie, you can pay for tuition yourself! Nie Xiao smiled and said: "We have to get a little faster and we don't have to rest this evening!" "Good!" Duze was very excited. Although he hadn't yet reached the Bronze Star Martial Realm, their bodies were very strong and they stayed up late. It's nothing at allLu can not help but cry, these two guys, is simply a financial fan, for the money can not sleep! Although he is very sad, but there is no way, who let him on a pirate ship?The three individuals closely cooperated and kept hunting horn sheep. Whenever dozens of hunters were killed, Lu Piao took things out and sold them.In the evening, Nie Li’s trio hunted a total of 120 or more horn sheep. In total, they sold more than 1,400 phantom coins and evenly divided them. Each person received more than 400 phantom coins.This figure is already very impressive for a student who has not yet reached the bronze level. Even if it is a bronze warrior, it is already very much possible to earn twenty or thirty evil spirits a day.For seven days in a row, during the daytime, they continue to attend classes. Every night, Nie Li and the three will go to the trial to hunt and kill the horn sheep. Their money reaches more than 10,000 ghost coins.For them, this is simply a huge sum of money.The students of St. Lan College are puzzled that the number of horn sheep in the trial lands in the recent period did not know why. They suddenly dropped sharply. Before they could easily come across one, often in groups, and now they are looking for. It takes a long time to find aIs it possible that a large mob, like a tiger, ran into the horn sheep? The Sri Lankan College has even sent out a tutor for this purpose, but nothing has been discovered.On the eighth night, Nie Li’s trio hunted the sheep in the dark nightThe night is dark and it is already timeLu Piao yawned again and again, saying: “Nie Li, I can't help myself. I'll sleep on the tree for a while!” He hunted the sheep for seven days in a row. He was too tired to die.Not just land floating, Duze is a bit unstoppable"Nie Li, I must sleep first"Daze Road, his eyelids have been fighting. For seven days, the Iron Man can't hold it!" "You should sleep for a while, and let's pause tomorrow evening. I have other arrangements!" "Nie left the road. They have accumulated more than 16,000 ghost coins. This is their first pot of gold. Then they can do a lot of things. They don't have to continue to hunt and kill sheep."Lu Piao and Du Ze climbed up to the tall tree trunk and lay there and immediately slept. The two children's faces were full of exhaustion.Although they belong to a very precocious type, they are still only two teenagers after all.Nie Li shuttled through the woods. There was a bright moonlight hanging in the sky. From time to time, the sound of various insects in the jungle made the surroundings appear quieter.There is no large monster animal here, so it is very safeAt this moment, Nie suddenly heard strange noises. In the jungle far away, there seems to be a shadow.“Whoever is it, is it still so late to try it?” Nie wrinkled his brow, plundered into the depths of the jungle, leaped forward a few hundred meters, hidden in a forest, facing the moonlight. Looked in the open space, I saw the bright moonlight, a slender figure standing in the moonlight, she long hair and shoulders, wearing a slim leather jacket, exudes a faint shade of blueThis is the glory of soul power! Although it hasn't reached the bronze level yet, it should be a bronze star soon! Through the glory of soul power, Nie Li's eyes fell on her face. Her eyes were closed, long eyelashes trembled slightly, Liu Mei slender, fair and flawless skin glowing with healthy pink, rich Lips are delicateShe and Ye Zixuan are two different kinds of beauty. Ye Zixuan is quiet and elegant. It is like a beautiful violet. And she is charming, with a touch of sensuality and glamorousness. It feels like a barbed. rose“Xiao Tinger, I did not expect it!” Nie was a little surprised. Xiao Ning Er was even more diligent than he had imagined. This night, he was still practicing the demon spirit. It is estimated that he will soon have to go to the bronze one-star realm.After thinking of past lives, Xiao Xinger went to the bronze one star and was seriously ill for more than two years. The repair was a step backward. Although he managed to reinvent it, he was said to have been sore afterwards.However, despite her illness, she has always been as dazzling as a star in the eyes of outsiders. This is a strong woman.Think of Xiao Ning'er, who practiced most of the time here, and Nie suddenly understood a lot. Xiao Lier really worked hard, but she also joked about her life! After thinking about it, Nie Li went straight to Xiao Ning'er and walked"Who!" Xiao Ning'er suddenly opened his eyes and gave a squeak, and he took out a sharp dagger and watched Nie away viciously.Through the bright moonlight, there is a mysterious pupil with an indescribable charm.Although she is still only 13 years old, she is now definitely a beautiful girl. She has a slim leather jacket and she is absolutely proud of this age.“I’m Nie Li!” Nie separated from the road. Although he didn’t say anything to Xiao Ning’er, he was still familiar with the classmates.Xiao Geling put down the dagger, but still looked at Nie Li defensefully and asked, "How could you be here?" Nie smiled faintly: "Why would you be here?" "I'm here to cultivate my soul!" Xiao Ning'er looked at Nie Li and Nie from the eyebrows and stars of the eyes through the bright moonlight. It was still somewhat British and not as ugly as some people.Nie Li shrugged: "I'm hanging out here"" You are lying, do not think I do not know, you have been hunting horn sheep these days“Xiao Tinger’s child, she discovered Nie directly from the trio. However, she did not take the initiative to greet Nie Li’s three people.Xiao Ning Er has always been a little strange that Nie was not aware of what was smeared on the trio's bow and arrow, but he could shoot a horn sheep with only one arrow, but she would not take the initiative to ask other people's secrets."So you already knew"Nie away from Xiao Xinger, Xiao Linger's lips, there was a kind of indescribable touching in his plump lips, but he already had Ye Ziyan in his heart. She only had a bit of appreciation for Xiao Gelinger."Enjoy her beauty and her efforts. With the beauty of Xiao Gelian, she can stand in a high position even if she does not work hard. But she must rely on her own strength to make everyone lookUnfortunately, she used the wrong method