When I heard that Yang Lishi was here, all the people in the Tianxin family could not help being flattered.“Quickly arrange it, please ask Yang Lishi to the conference hall!” Nie Hai said hurriedly, and they would not dare to deal with such figures.When a group of people was hurriedly arranged, a group of people in the distance had quickly looted. The leader was a member of Yang Liang who had a bumpy body and a touch of style.Although the other person is a woman, all of Tianxin’s family do not have a slight disdain.However, the other party has the power to smoke the sky and cover the sky! Yang Lishi walked quickly, his eyes swept across the faces of the people, and when he fell on Nie Li’s face, the strained face finally breathed a sigh of relief. Her people had been staring at the Tian Clan family’s territory, the Tian Clan family. There was a bit of trouble in the creatures that escaped her eyeliner. When I heard that Nie had left Tianxie, Yang Lishi also came over and was ready to negotiate some things with Nie Li. Originally she was preparing to meet Nie Li again tomorrow. When I heard that Tianxie’s family was attacked by a member of the Dark Society, she hurried over at night.In addition to Nie Li and Yang Li, the facts cannot be imagined. There is something in the Tian Clan family that can be watched by the Dark Guild. She fears that those people came to assassinate Nie Li. Now Nie Li is the most important partner of their Association of Alchemists. , And in the future do not know how many things to cooperate with Nie Li, Nie Li can not be an accident! After seeing Nie Li’s safety, Yang Li’s heart was put down“Quickly give tea to Yang Lishi!” Nie Hai greeted several maids"No need!" Yang Lishi put on a wave of meditation. She came here to confirm the safety of Nie Li, but not to drink tea. She looked at Nie Li and looked a lot.This scene fell in the eyes of Nie Hai, Nie Haiton understood immediately. It seems that Nie Zi did have some contacts with the Association of Alchemists, but he did not understand why the Association of Alchemists paid so much attention to Nie Li. Yang Lishi squatted for a moment and smiled slightly at Nie Hai and other human beings: "Nie Hai's owner, I heard that you were attacked by the dark guildists!" "Yes, Yang Lishi, both of them are members of the Dark Society, except these two. There was another one injured and escaped!” Nie Hai pointed at the two bodies on the ground and saidYang Xin’s eyes fell on the two bodies and remained silent for a moment. The objective of these dark guilds was that Nie was undoubted. The dark guild’s people probably wouldn’t take it easy, and they said: “The owner of Nie Hai, there is a I would like to discuss with Nie Hai's family and do not know if it is possible?” “Yang Lishi asked, please!” Nie Hai is very polite and his attitude is very humble.“I’m worried that the dark guild’s people will not reach their goals. They will go and return. I’m worried about the safety of the Tian-trace family. I’d like to send several gold-level warriors and spirits to help you guard the Tian-trace family. I don’t know how the family’s idea is. “Yang Xin said, saying that it was guarding Tianxie family. She actually wanted to send someone to protect Nie Li."Send several gold-level martial artists and revenant spirits to come over?" Nie Hai was surprised, and his heart's doubts grew thicker. What did Nie Lao use to make the Association of Alchemists so much work? In addition to the high prices of large quantities of herbs purchased from the Tianxue family, he is willing to send gold-level warriors and demon spirits to help."This thing is afraid of something is wrong!" next to the big elders Nie Wei said, he frowned. The Alchemists Association sent gold warriors and spirits to come. Who knows what plans? "What's wrong?" Nie Wei looked to Nie Weidao. "Is it that the elders think that the Association of Alchemists has made an ulterior motive to our Tianxie family? The great elders are too disheartened by the villain's heart!" Who is the villain?" Nie Wei shouted angrily, Nie Li is more and more lawless, actually dare to hit him in public! Nie Ming has anxiously pulled his clothes from Lai Ni. Nie left to offend the great elders so. The consequences are very serious. Their status in the clan is totally incapable of contending with the big elders Nie Wei. Even today the great elder Nie Wei cannot What about them, who knows if Nie Wei will retaliate later? After seeing Nie Wei conspicuously cursing Nie Li, Yang Xin understood. It seems that Nie Yi did not tell everything to the family. The relationship between Nie Wei and Nie Li was not so good. Yang Xin narrowed his eyes slightly. The importance of Nie Li is self-evident. At this time, she will certainly help Nie to leave."Nie Hai's owner, I'm currently a member of the Nie family. There is a prejudice against the Association of Alchemists. Isn't it necessary for the Alchemists Association to cooperate with the Tian-tzu family?" Yang Xin's Qiaolian was cold and cold, and Yang Xin was in high position all year round. The color of the face changes and the entire air is filled with chillNie Wei hurriedly explained: "Yang Lishi, I didn't mean this..." He dared not offend the Association of Alchemists. He just felt that the alchemists' association sent gold warriors and demon spirits to help defend the situation was a bit embarrassing, and he reminded Nie The sea, but it was said by Nie, the nature of this thing changed.If the Association of Alchemists thus broke off the cooperation with the Tian-tzu family, then he was the sinner of the family. He left Nie in a half-hearted death. On this occasion, he would dare to say anything, but Nie Hai has been partial to Nie Li. Make him very depressedNie Hai understands the relationship between Nie Li and the Association of Alchemists. Which would dare to punish Nie Li? Gently glanced at Nie Wei and Yang Xin yelled: "I'm talking to the owner of Nie Hai, so here's where you interpose!" Hearing Yang Xin's words, Nie Wei opened his mouth and won a face. With red, his heart was extremely upset with Yang Xin, but he dared not to dare. After all, Yang Xin’s words could determine the fate of Tian Teng’s family.The elders who are a family are scolded by a woman who is a woman of her 20s and 30s, but she daren't dare to return. This can be imagined! “I heard that this man is a big elders of the Nie family?” Yang Xin asked Nie Hai to the sideWhen I heard Yang Yan’s voice of some cold anger, Nie Haiti said, “Yes, the words of the great elders are not intended to offend Yang Lishi. Please also ask the Yang Lishi for forgiveness!” Nie Hai hurriedly gave Nie away a wink and wanted Nie to help ease him away. A bit of Yang Xin’s anger, but she saw Nie Li’s departure and ignored him.There was no dignity in front of Yang Xin, and there was no way to deal with his own people. But he could only smile with helplessness. He clearly saw that the reason why Yang Xin cooperated with the Tianchuang family was to see it completely. Nie on the face"I don't have to think that this elder should be done. If this person is still the great elders of the Tian-trace family, then the Association of Alchemists will stop cooperation with Tian-trace!" Yang Xin said lightly.Nie Haishen took a deep breath, and in one sentence, he had to get rid of the big elders of the Tian-trace family. However, the Association of Alchemists had mastered the lifeblood of the Tian-trace family. He did not dare to make it. The threat of the Association of Alchemists was not a joke. I believe that once the Association of Alchemists has interrupted the cooperation with the Tian-tzu family, there will be no idea how many families will secretly suppress the Tian-trace family! “From now on, Nie Wei is no longer the great elders and law enforcement elders of the Tianle family. He is succeeded by Elder Niel!” Nie Hai announced in publicNie Wei opened his mouth and wanted to say something. But after looking at Yang Xin and others of the Association of Alchemists, he realized that this matter had no room for relaxation, and he could only swallow it with a grudge.Next to Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori, they are also like eggplants. They are able to be so arrogant in the days of the family, and they are also grandfathers who are holding their grandfather.In a word, the big elders of the Tian-trace family were removed. This is the absolute majesty of the Association of Alchemists! Nie Hai continued to announce: “Another Nie Ming took over the post of deacon Mingtang, and Nie Kai took over as the deacon of the agricultural hall!” Hearing the words of Nie Hai, Nie Ming and Nie Kai both stopped and looked at the incredible Nie Hai. Not only they, but all the people are shocked.The deacons of the Mingtang deacon and the deacons of the Peasant Hall are all positions of power in the Tian-trace family. One is in charge of finances, the other is responsible for controlling the cultivation of herbs and crops, and is usually served by Nie Wei’s two sons on weekdays.“Thank you!” Nie Ming said with emotion."Thank you for your help!" Nie Kai hurried down.Seeing his father and uncle kneeling, Nie could not help but frown.Nie Hai hurriedly waved his hand and said: "No more ceremonies. Later, when you see me, you don't have to kneel down!" Nie Ming and Nie Kai stood up and they were completely confused and confused.Nie Wei, Nie En, and others finally seemed to understand something. Nieen’s eyes were slightly bright, and Nie Wei’s face was depressed."Since the Association of Alchemists is willing to send people over to assist in assisting Tianxie's family, our Tianji family is certainly grateful for it!" Nie Hai can see that the Association of Alchemists sent people over there, whose purpose is to protect Nie from it. The doubts in his heart were even stronger. Why did the Alchemist Association attach so much importance to Nie Lizhi this kid, and after Yang Xin left, he must ask Nie Li! "During the night, I wouldn't bother!" Yang Xin glanced down at the side next to Nie. "You have a good rest. I'll come and visit during the day!" "Yang Lishi rushes back and forth. It's better to be on the way. Tianxin family lived, I let the next person to arrange an elegant and other hospital for Yang, I do not know how?” Nie Hai hurriedly saidYang Xin was silent for a moment and thought for a moment: "Okay then!" Anyway, she would still like to come to Nie Li tomorrow. I might as well stay here.“Nie Li, you took Yang Lishi to rest in another hospital!” Nie Hai said to Nie Li, who was next to him. “I asked the servant to arrange a dwelling for you in the other house beside Yang Lishi!” “Yes!”Yang Xin looked at Nie Hai, but he did not expect Nie Hai to be on the road, knowing that she had something to say with Nie Li.After Nie Wei and Nie Ming and Nie Kai bid farewell, they led Yang Xin to go to another house arranged by Nie Hai.Looking at the back of Nie Li, Nie Ming and Nie Kai also understood this time. Nie Hai removed Nie Wei’s post, promoted Nie Er as a great elders, and promoted them both as deacons. All this was related to Nie Li’sThey only found out that they knew too little about Nie Li, and this time they came back to Nie Li and they have already undergone earth-shaking changes.Nie Ming and Nie Kai are pleased by Nie’s changes.