Watching Nie Li and Yang Xin leave, Nie Wei and Nie En and others looked differently. They all knew that from this moment, Nie Li’s position in the Tian-trace family was completely different.As for Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori, they are all in disgust and blindsided. It seems that they will have to hold their tails at home in Tianxen.Yang Xin took off her coat and lazily stretched out, completely demonstrating her beautiful and moving figure.“The three dark guilds are rushing to you?” Yang Xin leaned slightly to see Nie away.Nie Li looked up at Yang Xin"Yes!" Nie Li slightly bowedYang Xinxiu said: "Since you have been spotted by the Dark Guild, the family on that day is no longer safe. You might as well move to the Alchemist Association to live!" Yang Xin did not know why Nie Li was spotted by the Dark Guild. Is it possible that the information leaked to the Association of Alchemists by those several kinds of medicines was leaked? Knowing this matter, she and the president only, no one else knows! Nie shook his head and shook his head: "There is another reason for this. Do you think that if the Dark Society knew that the formulas of the several kinds of immortality drugs were to be given to you, would they only send three silver grades to assassinate me? Estimates Will you absolve me of everything?” Hearing Nie Li’s words, Yang Xin nodded his head. Indeed, Nie Li’s deliberations were a bit less like a thirteen-year-old boy. He thought of Nie’s terrible talent beyond ordinary people. Resolved, it is not so strange that all strange things happen to Nie Li.“Have you ever had a holiday with them?” Yang Xin said, stretching her waist and sitting on a chair and asked if she was just an ordinary holiday, she wouldn’t have to worry too much. Under normal circumstances, the Dark Guild would not risk taking gold. If the strong man is sent into the city of glory, if it is only silver-grade to find the trouble of Nie Li, then any one or two gold-level warriors or spirit masters can ensure the safety of Nie Li.“I haven’t had any festivals with the Dark Society?” Nie shook his head. Nie Li’s encounter with Gulan City did not see Yun Hua’s deacon’s face. Yunhua’s deacon did not reckon him. Yunhua Deacon There is absolutely no need to take such a big risk to the astronaut to assassinate him. The only possibility is that this matter is manipulated by the sacred family, saying, “If there are any offended people, I have previously sinned against the sacred family and the sacred family is the only one. A motivated one!” Hearing Nie Li’s words, Yang Xin’s beautiful pupil has a flash of coldness. If this is true, does it mean that the sacred family secretly collaborated with the Dark Society? The Dark Guild is the enemy of the entire glorious city. Collusion with the Dark Guild is absolutely intolerable.“I sent someone to check if the sacred family really connected with the Dark Society, then the city owners would certainly not spare them!” said Yang Xin desperately, a trace of chill in his words, betraying the city of glory, Is absolutely unforgivable“This time they were run off by one. Those people called him a deacon of Yunhua. I'll draw a portrait for you!” Nie Li said, drawing a piece of paper from the shelf next to it and sketching it out with a few strokes. The image of a person is exactly what Yunhua DeaconEven the skills of art portraits are so familiar. How enchanting is this boy? Yang Xin secretly secretly scared, just the skills of this portrait, not a few years of impregnation, I am afraid it can not reach Nie from such familiar! Painting can calm the heart and have great benefits for cultivation. Therefore, Nie had been immersed in paintings for at least a few decades on his paintings. His skill has reached a level of perfection."Well!" Nie Li handed the painted portrait to Yang Xin.“Yeah!” Yang Xin took over the portrait and looked down at it carefully. She couldn't help but marvel at the old path of Nie Bifeng. She was full of curiosity about Nie Li. What else does this mysterious teenager have that she does not know? Yang Xin pondered carefully“In this case, I will pursue this person after I go back!” “Ah, not in a hurry, and the sky is getting late, and Yang Xin’s sister is awake early!” Nie said milkingly, revealing a childlike, innocent smile. Leaving from Yang Xin's roomWatching Nie Li go away, Yang Xin still licked for a long time God, Nie left mature for a while, one will be innocent and innocent like a child, she just spirit must be confused