The Association of Alchemists quickly sent a number of gold demon psychic and gold warriors to the Tian-tzu family, making the Tian-tzu family's defenses tighter.Several families around Tianxin’s family are very puzzled. Tianxin’s family is also found in the bottom of aristocratic families. For such a family, they can be so concerned by the Association of Alchemists.They are envious and envious. With the attention of the Association of Alchemists, the status of the Tian-trace family has suddenly become more different than ever before.In the past, there was a hostile relationship with the Tian-trace family, one of whom was upset, for fear of reprisals by the Tian-trace family, and those families that were alienated from the Tian-trace family were sent by one person.The deterrence of the Alchemists’ Association is too great. Moreover, the current association of Alchemists has had many immortalities such as quenching souls and instilling souls. The influence has increased by more than a fewfold, and even the family of Fengxue now depends on it. At the Alchemist Association, we hope to receive the Elixir of the Alchemist Association! Tianxing family is not a matter of peace of mindIn addition to the sacred family and the dark confederation that had been hidden in the darkness, Nie Li did not dare to care about it. After solving some of the family’s problems, he concentrated himself on practicing.Although it reached the level of silver and integrated the demon spirit, there is still a strong sense of urgency in the heart of Nie Li.In addition to cultivation, Nie Li is also constantly practicing all kinds of combat techniques, such as demon tactics, tactics of defiant tactics, backstab tactics, cut-throat tactics, and shadow tactics. A combat tactic to the degree of perfectionIf you meet Yunhua Deacon again, I’m afraid it’s not easy for the guy to escape.When Nie left the plate to practice, Yang Xin came in from the outside. In the past few days, whenever she saw Nie Li, she always remembered the day and her cheeks were slightly hot.“Nie Li, did your master tell you the formula of other immortality drugs? For example, the Qingshen Elixir against the psychedelic evil beast and the detoxification immortality against the poisonous demon beast...” Yang Xin sat next to Nie Li’s After a while, I finally could not help askingYang Xin has been pursuing these words for the past few days and finally could not help but ask for an exit."If there is a new formula for stimulating drugs, we can continue to develop new business!" said Yang Xin. Before that, several kinds of immortality drugs were of great significance to the entire city of glory.She had also come to meet Nie Li’s master with Feng’s life, but she waited for a few days. The master of Nie’s never showed up and she did not dare to ask anything. The dragon, like the master of Nie’s, could not be seen. The strongest person at the end, outsiders are not so easy to see"This is the meaning of Yang Sister, or is it the meaning of President Yan Yan?" Nie Li looked to Yang Xin and he decided to tease this woman."It is the meaning of President Yan Yan"" That's it. President Gu Yan is also too unprofessional to think about formulas for medicine, but he doesn't actually come in person."Nie closed his eyes and smiled.“President Yan Yan has been refining the medicine for a long time, so...” Yang Xin was a little embarrassed. Suddenly he thought of something and smiled in a charming smile. He spoke in the ear of Nie Li’s breath.” Good brother, you must have other medicine formulas in your hand, right? Tell your sister? No matter what you have to do, your sister will promise you!” Hearing Yang Xin's words, Nie can't help but smile. This fairy is deliberately tempting him. Looking at the style of Yang Xin in front of him, the average man probably couldn't hold himself. If he didn't agree, he would be uncertain what Yang Xin would do. He hurriedly waved his hand and said: "Well, since Yang sister so begged me, I told them about the formulas of these several types of immortality!” Nie Li took out three formulations of immortality, including Ningshen Dan, Lingyuan Detoxification Dan, and the wine-fired Dandan against the snow-witted beast.Even the wine has a cold-resistant Dan? Yang Xin's eyes could not help but light up. The most in the ancestral ancestral mountains is the wind and snow monster. The cold-resistant Dan is a very useful medicine. Unfortunately, the cold-resistant Dan has been lost for thousands of years! With this wine and cold-resistant Dan, the City of Glory will be even more confident in fighting the wind and snow monsters! "For the time being only these three kinds, these three kinds of immortality are very easy to use, especially the cold-resistant Dan, presumably Yang Xin's sister also knows its role!" Nie Li said to Yang Xin, he has at least thirty kinds The formulation of the cold-resistant Dan, he carefully studied, only this variety of raw materials in the alcohol and cold-resistant Dan formula can be found in the city of glory, although several other effects of cold-resistant Dan is stronger, but some herbs glorious The city has not grown at all, it can only be counted“Thank you Nie, your brother. You are a great hero in the city of glory. If the city owner knows this matter, he will definitely give you a title!” Yang Xin was very excited."Judge is still considered, I have no interest, also asked Yang sister to help me keep secret!" Nie did not obey with the waveYang Xin could not help but notice that Nie Li could not help but really did not know how Nie had cultivated this enchanting in the end. He was still a thirteen-year-old child. He was so calm, and even the title of the knight did not care at all.Yang Xin was completely helpless, saying: “Since the younger brother asked for confidentiality, then we naturally would not leak it to the public. Of course, all the proceeds will be shared and our Association of Alchemists will be handed over to you on time.” Nie Li slightly beheaded. Has received a full billion demon soul money, all have become a demon crystal card, each demon crystal card is equivalent to 10,000 demon soul coin, can greatly save the storage space, can be forgiven, Nie Li The space rings are not enough“If you have a new formula for emaciation, don’t forget to tell my sister!” Yang Xin smiled and suddenly showed a fascinating smile. “Does my brother really need to do anything? Whatever the younger brother’s desire, sister You can promise you, oh!” Yang Xin leaned over and the sexy hemisphere loomed more and more, and the enchanting figure had the tight and slender legs, and they all exudes an inexplicable temptation."If your sister has heard of you recently, take the purple cilantro and the tiger's head with a decoction! Look at your sister is not a bit bigger!"It must be said that Yang Xin is indeed a woman who can invert all beings. Although Nie Li occasionally ridicules Yang Xin, his inner heart is still calm. Although he is not as strong as his previous life, he is still living in the past.Nie Li blinked and looked innocently at Yang Xin. "What does Yang Sister want to do? I'm a thirteen-year-old kid who doesn't understand anything!" looked at Nie's tender little face. Yang Xin's face stunned, even though he had a nagging mind, he retired under that day's expression, and smirked: "Nothing, I'm going back to the Association of Masters!" Although there is an unspoken heart The incitement, but to think about the age of Nie Li, Yang Xin's heart has a deep sense of guilt. What am I thinking? Nie is still only a child! Looking at the back of Yang Xin’s departure, Nie could not help laughing a bit, but he quickly calmed down and continued to practice.After several hours, Nie Hai and Nie En came in from the outside and saw that Nie was practicing. They waited outside, although this seemed to be inconsistent with the identity of the owner and the elders, but they did not dare. Say whatToday, Nie Li is an important figure in Tianxue’s family. His position is not necessarily much worse than them.Nie Likai opened his eyes and did not get up. He looked at Nie Hai and Nie Nen in the distance and asked, "The owner and the elders don't know what the two men have come to see me." "Nie Li! "Nie Hai smiled. There is absolutely no such majestic appearance." "I came to you today and I wanted to ask you if I was interested in seeing the treasure auction!" Nie Hai received an invitation from the Red Moon family. The Month family is a wealthy family and can receive invitations from the Red Moon family. Nie Hai naturally feels very honorable. Although the economy of the Tian Trace family is somewhat embarrassing, since the Red Moon family has invited him, he is sure to be on the spot.When Nie Hai came to call Nie Li, he wanted to play a good relationship with Nie Li. There is a large backstage for the Association of Alchemists. Nie Li’s status in the family is not what she used to be. Nie En, Nie En and Nie Li have a good relationship and can speak with themselves.“Treasury auction?” Nie deviated from the eyebrows and said, “Ok, I’ll go!” Hearing Nie Li’s words, Nie Hai breathed a sigh of relief. He also fears that Nie will reject it.“Now that's it, then go sit in my carriage!” Nie Hai smiled slightly. “The carriage is ready!” Nie Li stood up. The place was not far away. No need to pack anything, followed by Nie. The sea and Nieen went on the carriage together. The carriage started slowly. There were several gold spirits and gold martial artists of the Alchemists’ Association followed to protect Nie Li’sNie Hai's mind deliberately measured the relationship between Nie Li and the Association of Alchemists, so that the Association of Alchemists paid so much attention.“Yang Lishi has returned to the Association of Master Teachers. Before she left, she deliberately took care of me. I must take good care of you. It seems that the relationship between the young and the Yang Director is good.” Nie Hai smiled slightly.Nie looked at Nie Hai faintly and did not speakNie Hai was a bit embarrassed and grinned. Nie Li did not give him this family face.Nie En was also very helpless next to him. Nie Li was a member of his family. He could be reprimanded at random before. But now, even he is completely confused. Nie Li’s personality is completely different from before. With a cold look, he dared not say anything more.The atmosphere in the carriage is a bit ambiguous"Small ah, will tell me what I like at the auction and tell me, I will shoot it for you!" Nie Hai said, the things at the treasure auction are not simple, he is ready for bleeding, even if more flowers If you want to make some money, you must take one or two things to give Nie Li. The child is still easy to please."No, I like what I would buy, I have money to pay!" Nie shook his head and talked about the degree of money, the whole Tianxue family may not have him richNie En smiled and said: "The items sold at the treasure auctions are not simple. Even if it is the cheapest thing, at least it costs thousands of demon coins, and even tens of thousands and tens of thousands of demon coins! "I'm not interested in anything so cheap."Nie said lightlyAfter listening to Nie Li’s words, Nie Hai and Nie Yan looked at each other with a slight smile. It seems that they still didn’t understand the situation. It seems that Yang Xin should have given Nie away a lot of money. Think about it too, since Yang Xin’s all sent gold. The strong ones come to protect Nie from it, surely how many will give Nie away some pocket moneyThey think that Nie Li is only better with Yang Xin and Yang Xin is sheltered. What they don't know is that Yang Xin and Nie Li are equal cooperative relations. Nie left the space ring and it is not just a pocket money. ~~ There are two chapters at 12 o'clock in the evening. Everyone picks up the recommendation ticket.