The auction house was opened by the Red Moon family, one of the seven giant families. The Red Moon family is a pivotal presence in the northern part of the City of Glory. There are five aristocratic families nearby, all of whom are obedient to the Red Moon family, including the Tenji family. InIn the past, because the Tianxue family was suppressed by the sacred family of one of the three great peak families, the Red Moon family had alienated Tianxie family, but now they see the association of the Alchemist Association and the Tenjin family so closely, and the Red Moon family has frequently gone back to the days mark. Family shows goodIn the auction house, people come and go as nobles of the family, Nie Hai, Nie En, and Nie Li are arranged in the VIP room on the second floor.The companions are also the owners and followers of other noble families.Nie Hai saw several acquaintances and went to greet him."Li Yuan's owner, the owner of the pool style, long time no see!" Nie Hai slightly archerThe appearance of Li Yuan in his 50s and 60s, although he had to be somewhat whitish, his spirit was very embarrassing and was the home of the Yuanyuan family.Next to the pool, the wind is slightly younger and taller, and is the owner of the Tiankui family."Nie Hai's owner, don't come to innocent!" Li Yuan and Chi Feng both rushed out and smiled."Haha, the blessings of the two people!" Nie Haihan said, he had a good relationship with Li Yuan and Chifeng. Even when it was suppressed by the sacred family, Li Yuan, Chi Feng and Nie Hai had some CommunicationSeeing Nie Hai and Li Yuan and Chi Feng greeting each other, Jiang Ming, the owner of the Silver Tiger family, and Lei Zhuo, the owner of the Iron Gate family, showed a glimpse of resentment and embarrassment."Nie Hai's family is very proud of the spring breeze!" Lei Zhuo's owner said in a ridiculous manner.The next owner of Jiang Ming also said with a sneer, “Isn't it? Before being suppressed by the sacred family, the grandfather asked Grandma to tell grandma that he had not left the family of the sacred family, and now he has sheltered with the Association of Alchemists. Of course you can go anywhereBut... How long can the Association of Alchemists shelter Tianxi family? When the time comes, the sacred family will be in trouble. I wonder if Nie Hai's family can be as proud as it is today! “When I heard Lei Zhuo and Jiang Ming’s words, Nie Hai’s face changed slightly, and the family of Lei Zhuo and Jiang Ming had not been very good at matching the Tian-trace family. Both of them said that Nie Hai was very uncomfortable. He naturally will not show weakness, smiling without a smile: "Why I smell so much sour, ah, Tianxi family is indeed protected by the Association of Alchemists is not wrong, it is better than some family grandfather does not love it! “Lei Zhuo and Jiang Ming’s face are slightly distressed. To be honest, they are indeed very indecisive. Today's Alchemists Association is not the Association of Alchemists. I learned that the Association of Alchemists has purchased herbs from the Tian Gen family, which is more than the market price. More than 30% higher, and the Association of Alchemists also sent a lot of high-level immortals to the Tian-trace family, which is enough to train many outstanding youngsters. However, their silver-husband family and the iron gate family have no products to sell. They only have no sales. Reluctant to sell at low prices"Being a dog's leg of the Alchemist Association is still self-righteousReally think that the Association of Alchemists regard you as baby! Rezold dismissed his mouth in disdainAfter listening to Lei Zhuo’s words, Li Yuan and Chi Feng also opened their mouths.“If the family of Tianzhu is the leg of the Association of Alchemists, is it not necessary for the Association of the Alchemists to give such a good condition to the family of Tianles?” Li Yuan said with a faint smile, he was obviously standing in front of Nie. On the sea sideChifeng also nodded and said, "Indeed, it is obvious that the Association of Alchemists has sought for Tianxue's family and will give such a generous condition to the Tianxue family. Even the two families have been draped with them!" The Tian Kui family of He Chifeng sold the herbs they planted to the Tian Gen family at a price 10% higher than the market price. The Tian Gen family was then sold to the Association of Alchemists. It also earned a lot of money. They told Tian Genshi. Has become a community of interestThis is also the return of their charity in the snow when Tianxie’s family died.Lei Zhuo and Jiang Ming gave a cold grunt. They also did not understand why the so-called "Large League Forces of the Alchemists' Association" was in the end. They sent a lot of men to investigate, but they did not get any clues.VIP room always has a touch of hostilityNie En and Nie Li were sitting on the side and sipping tea. It was a struggle between the owners. It was none of their business. They could not say anything.“The owners of the Silver Tiger family and the Iron Gate family have always been arrogant. When the Holy Family suppressed us, they lowered the price and sent someone to buy a territory from us!” Nie En looked at Rezold and Jiang Ming in the distance. There was a flash of anger in the eyes. "If we knew that they wanted to buy, what we said would not be sold! When the Holy Family suppressed us, the two families contributed the most and took away all our business!" To Nie En’s words, Nie diverged slightly from the eyebrows. If it was just an ordinary family fight, he wouldn’t mind, but if these two families were the leg of the sacred family, Nie Li would never miss them.The auction will soon begin. Each owner will come to the stands and look in the distance.The auctioneer responsible for the auction is a beautiful girl, wearing a silky, transparent coat, with the delicate face, full of endless temptationsIt must be said that the people of the Red Moon family are very clever. Such a hot and sexy girl is very easy to make one's head hot and spend a lot of money.“Recently, Tianxie family traded various herbs with the Association of Alchemists, surely made a lot of money! Nie Hai’s owner is here. The real treasures of this auction are afraid that it will not be our two!” Lei Zhuo slanted eyes. Glanced at Nie Hai and laughed"Yes, how can our financial power compare with Tian Teng's family!" Jiang Ming smiled.Nie Hai looked gloomy. The sarcasm of Lei Zhuo and Jiang Ming's words made him unable to hear him. But in this breath, he could only swallow in his stomach. Although he recently cooperated with the Association of the Alchemists, Tian Ji The family does earn a lot of money, but the foundation is still very thin, that is, it is reluctant to restore its strength. How can it be compared with the two families of Silver Tiger and Iron Gate?Li Yuan and Chi Feng also frown frequently. Lei Zhuo and Jiang Ming are both pressing harder and harder.At this time, Nie Li, who was sitting on the right hand side of Nie Hai, suddenly said: “The two owners have won prizes. There is nothing else in Tianxin’s family. It’s more money. Today’s auction is a real treasure. To two homeowners!” When he heard Nie Li’s words, Lei Zhu sank and said, “What are you talking about? What else are you talking about? You can also speak to us. Can you represent Tenji's family?” “Can you represent day marks? Family, you can ask the owner of Nie Hai!” Nie said lightlyNie Li’s position in the Tian-trace family is indeed no longer what it used to be. Nie Hai nodded and said, “Of course he can represent my family of Tian-trace!” “A little kid dares to dare to speak up here. I’m not afraid of flashing. Tong Lei!” Lei Zhuo snorted, and since Nie Hai said that Nie Li could represent the family of Tian marks, he couldn’t say anything. “The Tian-trace family is really getting retrogressive, and it is so pampered by a younger generation!”