Readx (); Lei Zhuo turned his head, do not bother to care about Nie Li, argued with Nie from a child, will only lose his worthNie Li took a look at Nie Hai and Nie Endao: “When I wait for what I photographed, I will pay for it myself!” Nie Hai and Nie Nen smiled at each other with a smile. Both of them really had no majesty. They could see it. It was concluded that Nie Li didn’t have much respect for them and the other children in the clan saw them both, and they were both very uncomfortable to talk to. Nie left was indifferent.In fact, NIE left to see Nie Hai, Nie En, and others, indeed, will be very nervous, but in this world, Nie's mood has completely changed, and no one has been able to give him great pressure, even Ye Zixi's grandfather The legendary demon psychic teacher Ye Mo came and Nie Li would not feel cramped.After Nie Ligang finished speaking, the auction there already started.“Very distinguished guests, this auction, our Red Moon Auction has prepared a lot of treasures for you. Many of them are rare things found in various ruins. I hope everyone can like it!” Comes like a moving fairy music"The first piece was obtained from the ruins of Qinghe Town. It is a broken ancient jade. It contains a very rich soul power. The starting price is 300 babe spirits!" The"Three hundred fifty demon spirit coins!" "Four hundred demon spirit coins!" "Hundred demon spirit coins!" "Two thousand demon spirit coins!" After the price climbed to two thousand demon spirit coins, it stopped, after all, It is a broken ancient jade. Although it has a soul power, it is worth the price.The income of an ordinary aristocratic family can only reach 1 million demon spirits for a year, and the average annual expenditure for a household is only 2,000 or 3,000 demon spirits.So the two thousand demon spirits are very much for them.Nie Li glanced at the piece of ancient jade and looked at it from the color. It was a junior jade and its quality was good. If it played its full function, it should be worth 20,000 to 30,000 yuan.Seeing no one in the VIP room, Nie Li gave a card"Tianjin family, two thousand and five hundred demon spirit money!" "Two thousand and five hundred demon soul money once!" Two thousand and five hundred demon soul money twice! "Two thousand five hundred demon spirit money three times!" Deal! Congratulations to Tenji family, took this ancient jadeLei Zhuo looked strangely in the direction of where Nie left, muttered: "In fact, spent two thousand and five hundred demon spirits took a piece of jade, what can be used? Nie Hai and Nie En are also a bit unclear, but since Nie left to pay for himself, they didn’t say anything."The following auction is for a mysterious space ring. Everybody sees!" The girl responsible for the auction raised the ring slowly. "This space ring is crystal-clear with no trace of blemishes. It is a storage ring." There are more than 200 square meters of space inside, which is calledThis ring is a gold military brought back from the remains of Ningyou City. The remains of Ningyou City are the most dangerous and most treasured relics. The quality of treasures produced by that relic is extremely high, and there are many pieces of income that have been earned by adults. Lord of the City..." "The starting price of this ring, fifty thousand magic coins! "The sound of young girls fluctuates"Finally there is a good thing!" "However, the price is expensive, and you must have 50,000 demon coins!" "This space is such a large space, and it is not an exaggeration to sell 50,000 demon coins!" The income is also less than one hundred thousand demon spirits, but also to maintain the family's various expenses, the price of these 50,000 demon spirits, enough to make Nie Hai, Nie En two deterredSome of the following wealthy businessmen have begun bidding"Five thousand demon spirit coins!" "Five thousand and three thousand demon spirit coins!" "Fifty-five thousand demon soul coins!" Contention is fierce, Lei Zhuo looked at the next to Nie Hai and others, smiling: “Has Nie Hai’s owner not interested? Then I’ll bid!” “Seven thousand demon coins!” Lei Zhuo faintly whispered, and the whole hall was silent for a moment.“Although it suddenly added 15,000 demon spirits, it really deserved to be a wealthy family of silver tigers. It looks like it can only be considered!” There are several wealthy merchants who covet this space ring can only suddenly give up.For a long time no one has increased"The Silver Tiger family offers 70,000 ghost coins, but is there still a higher price?" asked the girl's crisp voice.Although there are several space rings in Nie Li’s hands, the space is too small. They are filled with demon crystal cards. It is not enough to use them. Since there is a space ring that is more desirable, Nie Li will certainly not give up easily. Buy it back for a useIf a space ring with more than 200 meters of radius is missed, it will be more difficult to find a bigger space later."One hundred thousand demon spirit coins!"When Nie Li was heard, Nie Hai and Nie Yan felt a sudden trembling at the tip of their hearts. They had blood in their hearts. This was a hundred thousand demon spirits! My God, more than one hundred thousand demon spirit money more than a month's income of the entire Tianxie family! Nie actually only bought a space ring back? “Tianjin’s family bids for 100,000 ghost coins, but is there a price increase?” the girl asked loudly"Hundred thousand demon soul money!" Lei Zhuo took a breath of air, suddenly some dumb fire, this price he has been unable to bear, but that is a hundred thousand demon soul money ah! He opened his mouth and tried to lift a price. He also feared that this was a trap of Tianxue’s family and he did not dare to increase the price."Hundred thousand demon spirit money once, two hundred thousand demon soul money two times, hundred thousand demon spirit coin three times, deal!" The girl's hand hammer fell heavilyHundred thousand ghost coins, this is undoubtedly an exciting priceNie Li took a look next to Nie En and said: “If the elders can help me to get those two things, that space ring may be used next. This is a demon crystal card. Is given to the elders!" Nie Li readily took out a demon crystal cardNie Yan was depressed and sentimental. Nie left him as a running errand. He is now the great elders of Tianji family! However, looking at the eleven demon crystal cards, Nie En took a deep breath, thought, or forget, it is worthwhile to bear the burden, and eleven demon crystal card is 11 million demon coin, deduct two After the auction price of the item, there are still 7500 phantom coins remaining. Just running a leg can get 7.5, which does not seem to be a loss.The day mark family so many people, a month's income is only 100,000 demon soul money only, Nie once run a leg will be able to take seven thousand five magic money, Nie Haidu can not wait to go! Poor! Nie Hai can not help but sigh, only he knows how serious the financial crisis of Tian-Trace is. Deducting the cost of cultivating a younger generation each month, Tian-Gen family is still in debt! Nie Li is very rich from this guy. As a member of the Tian-trace family, Nie Li should make some contribution to the family, but Nie Hai cannot ask Nie to leave anything. After all, the Tian-tzu family and the Association of Alchemists The relationship between them depends entirely on Nie Li's maintenance! "The next lot is the jade bottle of this drug. It is made of some kind of jade, which can greatly maintain its medicinal properties. It was dug out of the wreckage of the ancient river channel..." Is there a price increase of 60,000 demon spirits?” “Sixty thousand demon spirit coins once, sixty thousand demon spirit coins twice, sixty thousand demon spirit coins three times, deal!” “The next lot is a whole lot. Gold suits, seeing this mingled pattern come from the blizzard era. This suit seals the demon spirit of a red-flaming tiger monster. This is a species that was exterminated in the blizzard era because it was hunted by the great pheasant. Therefore, this gold-grade set is likely to be an orphan product. Only the gold-class demon spirit master can wear it! The starting price is 600,000 yuan.” Seeing this gold-grade suit, Nie Liliang’s eyes slightly lifted. Card: "One Million..." Everyone was blinding and the entire hall was quiet for a long time. This guy was simply not giving anyone a chance! "You're taking pictures for me, isn't it? I'm very grateful!" Nie Hai licked her hands nervously. This is a set of gold suits. Wearing this suit, his strength can rise at least 30%. the above! Nie Li slapped and glanced at Nie Hai and said: "Who said it was for you!" "However, the whole Tianji family is only a golden demon psychic teacher!" Nie Hai said a moment, except for him. Can you wear this gold suit?"I used it after I had saved it!" Nie said lightlyNie Hai opened his mouth wide and heard Nie's words. Nie Hai's joyful mood suddenly turned into an incomparable hidden bitterness. It was like a young woman who had been abandoned.~~Brothers, rushing to list for votes! ! !