Waiting for Nie from the Jinjie to the Gold Spiritual Master does not know how long it will take, is it possible to spend a million demon spirit coins to buy a set of gold suits, just to lay a look? At this thought, Nie Hai can not help but feel a bit crazyHowever, as the owner of the Tian-trace family, he could not pull his face and ask Nie to leave.It is only a million demon spirits, but it is nothing to Nie Li. Now Nie's wealth can be ranked in the top five in the city of glory! And cooperation with the Alchemist Association can allow Nie Li to earn hundreds of millions or even hundreds of millions of demon coins every day.Nie Li throws out a million demon spirits and even the eyes are not blinking. If Nie is happy, there is no problem in buying this auction house. Of course, Nie Li is still relatively low-key, and he can use the name of Tian-trace to buy some treasures. Others don’t doubt anything, but if you buy the entire auction house, it’s a bit too high-profile.At this time, the following rich businessmen have discussed“How did this Tianji family suddenly become so rich?” “I heard that the Tian-trace family is now being taken care of by the Alchemist Association. The Alchemists Association will buy all kinds of herbs from them here and it will be 30% higher than the market price!” It's no wonder that Tianxue’s family is so rich and powerful!” With amazing listening, Nie Hai was extremely depressed. If the Tian-tzu family was really rich, the money used in the auction would be Nie Li. There is no ※8 half-centre relationship..Although he is the owner of the Tian-trace family, the tribal members of the Tian-trace family donate money to the family every month. Most of the property is private, and he has no way to ask Nie to contribute money to the family. Now that Nie is not in the same position, he does not even dare to say a word to Nie Li! Lei Zhuo and Jiang Ming were depressed and desperate. At the auction, they saw Tenji family kept photographing one thing and another thing. They didn’t have anything at all, and at this price, they did not dare to raise prices again. Well, if you are in your hands, you are depressed.As for the poolside and Liyuan two people next to each other, it is frequently seen in an admiring manner to Nie Hai, and she sighs in heart that Tianxue family is really rich! How couldn’t they think that those things were shot by Nie Li, not for the Tian-tzu family?“Look, how many faces did I earn for our Tianxue family!” Nie left the voice to Nie Hai and said with a smile.Hearing Nie Li's words, Nie Hai turned his eyes and he would rather not make this name! “How many things do you have to shoot?” Nie Hai asked Nie to see. So far, Nie Li has taken more than a dozen things and has spent almost 2 million demon coins! "Of course it's a fancy thing to shoot!” Nie smiled lightlyNie Hai mouth can be plugged in an egg, fancy things are shot, this is simply too local! Yang Xin gave Nie away so much pocket money? This Association of Alchemists is really rich and wealthy. Just give it some money, which is something ordinary people can't imagine.Seeing that no one had increased the price for a long time, the girl responsible for the auction shouted several times and finally fell to the hammer. This set of gold-grade suits eventually belonged to Nie Li."The next auction was the auction commissioned by the Association of Alchemists, and we have kept the soul and the soul!" The girl responsible for the auction said with a smile. "This time we have distributed a total of one thousand hunters and one from the Association of Alchemists. One hundred souls, but also invite all of you to cherish this opportunity!” The voice of the young girl who heard the Qing Yue sounded beautiful, whether it was the wealthy businessmen below, or Nie Hai, Chi Feng, Li Yuan, Lei Zhuo, and Jiang Ming. The owner of the house is excitedIt was the spirit of the soul and the soul of Dan, and after these two kinds of drugs came out, they caused a wave of emotion in the entire city of glory.After a lot of demon psychiatists had eaten their spirits and their souls, the repairs were leaps and bounds. Some of them were directly broken through to silver and gold, and some of their talents were not suitable for cultivation of soul power. After that, the soul power has also been greatly improved.In this case, the two kinds of immortality are almost a hard to find! Each family is doing its best to save family money. Even if it is sold in iron pots, it is necessary to purchase nutritious spirits and soul spirits in order to cultivate the descendants of the family! But the two kinds of meds are too few. The quantity produced by the Association of Alchemists cannot supply the huge market of the City of Glory. Generally, only the best families and wealthy families can purchase these two kinds of stimuli in large quantities. Hongyue Auction House is the top three auction houses in the northern part of the City of Lights. It only has a quota of one thousand to support the soul and one hundred to gather souls. The light flashes in Nie Hai's eyes, he came for the two drugs."Nie Li, these two kinds of immortality, how many shots can be taken on how much!" Nie Hai excitedly said that these two kinds of immortality are all good things to improve, especially the soul of Dan, to Nie Hai, Nie En Other people have strong results. Their cultivation is improved and their family status can be improved.“What did you do with this thing?” Nie asked with surprise. “Isn't the Alchemists Association giving you two kinds of immortality?” As a provider of these several types of immortality formulas, these kinds of dan medicines Nie Lishi are Absolutely not lacking"Does the Alchemists Association give us these two kinds of potion pills?" Nie Hai turned to look at Nie Li and asked in confusion.Nie Li froze for a moment and immediately understood that all the sales of these drugs were controlled by Yang Xin. Yang Xin gave Nie away a lot of immortality, including hundreds of thousands of hunted souls, tens of thousands of souls, and thousands of souls. Quenching soul Dan, there are thousands of red Yan Chi Yan Dan, Jiu Dan, etc.When Yang Xin gave so many immortalities to Nie Li, he wouldn’t send immortals to Tian Genshi again. In her opinion, Nie Li represented Tianji’s family.“Oh, nothing!” Nie shook her head and shouted. In that case, give it to the family and give him some medicine. After all, he is still a member of the Tianle family.The atmosphere of the auction room was very lively. The auctioneer of the auctioneer on the stage saw a slight smile: “In this auction, all the souls and souls were auctioned in one hundred batches, and all the souls of Dan were sold in ten batches. Auction, well, the first one to raise the soul, starting price of one hundred thousand demon soul money, and now start the auction!” “The fifteen hundred thousand demon spirit coin!” The price quickly rose to 200,000 demon soul moneyNie Hai is also excited and flushed. He is ready to take out 600,000 demon spirits. The goal is to take a photograph of the soul-hunting Dan and a soul-stirring Dan, which is already affordable for Tian Genshi's current financial resources. The limit, and see the first soul Dan was called to 200,000 demon spirit money, Nie Hai flinch, not necessary to fight with people to grab the first to protect the soul of Dan, anyway, there are nineBoth Chifeng and Li Yuan were surprised to see Nie Hai. Tenji's family just took out more than two million phantom coins. Even the eyes didn't blink. Why did you fight for Dan? The drug, but it is 110,000 plus, was added to 200,000 magic money, give it up? See Nie Hai did not fight for the meaning of the pool style, Li Yuan dared to join the fight for the battle group, there are wealthy Tian marks family next to them, their psychological pressure is too great, from now until now, they can only have been Looked at Tianxie family photographed one after another, even the opportunity to shout the price is not! Now it's finally possible to competeSay something to buy something and go back, otherwise it is simply white! Read3();read4();