Lei Zhuo and Jiang Ming also joined the melee. The four family bayonets saw the blood and raised the price to 320,000 magic money."Nie Li, this is to protect the soul of Dan, ah, aren't you ready to shoot?" Nie Hai asked a pickpocket and eagerly looked at Nie Li. This immortality was photographed by Nie, and it was better than being taken by another family. Better to go"No interest, I have taken so many things, and I have to leave something for others to shoot. Otherwise, it's quite boring for someone to shout!" Nie said lightly.Nie Hai's wry smile, but Dan Dan is a good thing in cultivating the younger generation of the family. He suddenly remembered one thing. These drugs were issued by the Association of Alchemists, and Nie Li was so good with Yang Xin. Yang Xin did not make any sense. Some medicines, it's no wonder that Nie Li is completely uninterested in raising souls."Nie Li, did Yang Lishi give you some immortality?" Nie Hai asked in a low voice."Yeah, those immortals are all my requests to Yang Sister. The owner will not even want to take this away. If so, I will tell Yang Sister!” Nie Li blinked and said, There was a flash of laughter flashing in the eyelids, and it was an interesting occasion to joking the owner, although he had already decided to contribute some of his medicine to the family.“How could it be!” Nie Hai had a heart that wanted to cry. If Nie Li and Yang Lishe said it, Tian Tengshi’s cooperation with the Association of Alchemists could blow away. “I mean, since Yang Lishi sent For your medicine, you must take good care of it. Don't be taken away!” “Oh, I misunderstood the owner. Thank you for your concern!” Nie left and nodded.Nie Hai smiled and turned around. Now the children are so difficult to deal with. It is difficult to get some benefits from Nie Li. Nie Haixin, but there was a bit of bitter waterThe first batch of birds took care of Dan, Lei Zhuo took a price of 320,000 yuan.Followed by the second batch, the third batch, the fourth batch and the fifth batch, each time Nie Hai wanted to compete, but the price of the immortality was lifted to more than 300,000 demon spirits.Nie Hai was very uncomfortable. If he took a picture of keeping souls, he would have no money to bid for Dan, and he could only watch the other owners fight for it and shed tears in their hearts.“This group of owners is also rich!” Nie Hailing thought incongruously. After all, Tian Trace’s family was too thin and had only just cooperated with the Association of Alchemists. He had previously been heavily in debt and had only recently paid off. From the family of silver tigers, iron gates, etc., the background of these families is still quite rich! Seeing this group of people contending for so fierce, Nie Li secretly stumbled, this drug business is really making money! Anyway, the proceeds from the auction, deducting the auction fees, there are three Chengdu is his! Nie Lie sees it and hasn’t mixed it up. Although he can follow it up and raise the price, it’s not really meaningful for Nie Li’s hundreds of millions of demon spirits.Looking at one after another and keeping the soul in the hands of others, there is absolutely no part of it, and the depressing feelings of Nie Hai next to it can be imagined.After the five hunted souls were sold out, although the intense scenes had subsided, the price of each one did not fall below 300,000.“Nie Hai’s owner, I don’t think your price increase is not enthusiastic. Is it not interest in raising souls?” asked Chiba in doubt.“I...” Nie Hai really has a hard word. He wants to say that he really has no money, but the question is whether they believe it? It was Nie Lie, not him! Li Yuan thoughtfully said: "The Nie Hai family has a close relationship with the Association of Alchemists. It must have been able to buy a lot of low-priced immortality from the Association of Alchemists. If there is a low-priced immortality, Nie Hai's family owners should not forget us. If the price is lower than 300,000 yuan, how much we have to do!” “I.........that... All right!” Nie Hai reluctantly responded, even if he denied, I’m afraid neither Chifeng nor Liyuan will I believe that I can only look at Nie LiSeeing the depressing eyes of Nie Hai, Nie Li blinked his eyes and looked innocent. He also had to tease this stinky old man, who had kept a stinky face in his past life! The last ten copies of Hun Xing Dan were all auctioned off. Lei Zhuo took three shots and Jiang Ming took two shots. Li Yuan and Chi Feng took one each and the rest were taken away by other rich merchants.“The next step is to condense souls!” The atmosphere of the entire auction venue was even more heated when you heard about the words “Heart of the soul”. You must know that Dan Dan’s soul has a significant effect on the silver and gold spirits. , especially those who have been stuck on the edge of Jinsheng for a long time, especiallyA soul-stirring Dan, it is possible to create a gold-level demon psychic master, and even help the gold level of the demon spirit division impact the black gold level! This temptation can be imagined"Thirty-five thousand demon spirit coin starts!" the young girl auctionist said in a loud voice"Three hundred and sixty thousand demon spirit coins!" "Three hundred and ninety thousand demon soul coins!" Soon, the price rose to more than half a million, and it continued to break through, seeing an approaching 600,000 people's mouth. The price has already made Nie Hai silly. He originally thought that 600,000 could buy a soul-stirring Dan, but he never thought that he could even buy one! As soon as I knew it, I would buy a nut to keep up and return. Is this time to return to empty hands? Nie Haiyu is boring to death. The gangs are crazy. Ten dan medicines have actually raised such a high price. Is this still natural? The Association of Alchemists is too profitable! Nie Hai's heart is injustice, but who makes the Tian-trace family the most miserable family in the aristocratic family. Before he relied on selling a lot of territory, he repaid the foreign debt. It is now possible to work out that 600,000 is already the limit.The first soul of Dan sold a price of 650,000! Nie Hai and Nie Nen smiled at each other and looked at Lei Zhuo's depression in the capsule.“Nie Li!” next to the elders Nie En finally can not help, and he said to Nie, "Can you see if we can help us shoot a soul-filled Dan, this money even if we owe it first, etc. You!” Nie Lifang took out 2 million demon spirit coins, even the eyes are not blinking, borrowing 650,000 demon spirit money, the problem should not be bigIf Nie Hai is open, Nie Li really does not give his face, although Nie Hai is the owner of the Tian-trace family, but in past lives, he was alienated from Nie Li, and Nie En was different. When the city of glory shattered, Nie En gave Nie away a lot of shelter and Nie Li was still respectful about Nie.“Great elders, since you spoke, of course, this matter is nothing to say, but this is the soul of Dan, it really is not necessary to shoot“Nie left her right hand and took out several large porcelain vases from the space ring and stuffed it into Nie Yandao.” There are five thousand soul-hunting dans, six hundred soul-hunting dans, and one hundred quenching dans. Considered to be a big elders! "While holding those porcelain vases, Nie'en looked sluggish and his voice was a bit stunned: "Five thousand and five thousand donations of souls ... ... six hundred ... ... soul ... ... Dan soul ... ... there soul quencher Dan? "Nien is completely stupid, Nie Hai is also stupid.The families of the auction house are all fighting for blood and blood for a few souls and souls, and Nie Li took out five thousand souls and six hundred souls. There are even heartbreaking Dan that can't be bought on the market! My God, am I dreaming? Nie is still in a state of sleepFor mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience