After Nie Li's hand was taken over, Nie Enopened one of the porcelain vases, and quickly discovered that it was indeed filled with cultivating souls, souls, and souls! Whether it is to protect the soul, Dan, or Dan, each one is very small, but it is genuine! Actually there is a soul-hunting Dan, but also a full hundred, my God, to know that the physical properties of quenching Dan Dan is ten times stronger than the Daning Dan, in addition to a few peak families can enjoy this level of immortality, the market Can't buy QuintessenceBlizzard auction house in the center of the glorious city once auctioned off a number of quenching souls, one of them has sold more than 1.5 million yuan! One hundred pieces are more than 100 million demon spirits! At the thought of this figure, Nie will be dizzy. Even if there is such a lot of money, unless there are some special roads, it is very difficult to buy Quen Dan in the market.“The price of these drugs was very expensive because they just came out, but in fact the Association of Alchemists has a lot of inventories. After that, the prices will slowly come down! This is not what the immortality is! It is our contribution to the Tian-trace family. The obligations of the tribal people!" Nie Li said in a blank toneWhen Nie Li was heard, Nie Haiyu was utterly frustrated. When he asked Nie Li, Nie had not given the meaning of immortality. He also said that if Nie Hai took him from him, he told Yang Lishi. At the same time, it did not mean to contribute to the family. In exchange for Nie Enh’s opening, he gave so many immortals in an instant. Nie Hai felt that this owner had to be really useless! Actually readily gave 5,000 to protect the soul of Dan, six hundred souls Dan and one hundred pieces of quench soul Dan, Nie Hai felt the heart followed with a shake and shake, these immortalities, enough to make days mark home how long ah! “The big elders will be ready soon, so when they return, they can be used by the people of our branch!” Nie Li reminded Nie saidHearing Nie Li’s words, Nie Enh’s response came from shock. He quickly plucked the meds into the space ring, looked at them with some worry, and they controlled their voices when they spoke and did not go outside. Spread, so that the four owners did not hear and knew they were not noticed, and Nieln let go of it.As soon as I think of those immortals in the space ring, Nie En feels a strong sense of well-being in her heart. With so many medicines, it is enough to make the strength of the branch's people rise to a level! There are a total of eight branches in the Tian-trace family, and there are still some contradictions among the various branches. Therefore, Nie En is not unscrupulous.“Nie Li, Nie En-Da-Elder, you are not right. All the family of Tian-Trace are our tribe people. How can you care for your own selfishness and ignore other tribal people?” Nie Hai said in a hurry, look at Nie From the meaning of Nie and Nie En, those immortals are not prepared to share with other branches! Nie Li and Nie En looked at each other and Nie Li looked to Nie Hai, and said in a puzzled way, “The immortality is mine, and whoever I am willing to give to anyone, is this wrong? Is it true that our tribal people are not Tianxie? The family of people in the family? The strength of our disciples' disciples has been strengthened, which means that the strength of the whole Tianxue family has been enhanced!” “How can this be generalized! These immortalities must be distributed to all ethnic groups in order to achieve maximum results!” Nie Hai Anxiously, "So many drugs have to be distributed to other branches?" Nie En was one of the elders of the day-race family and had a lower status. Until recently, he became a family because of Nie Li. Law enforcement elders, Nie En always good for people, but also relatively weak, rarely fight for this branch of the tribe, but today, with so many immortality, Nie Enen finally emboldened[Love to the novel network.] These potions, enough to determine the future of the entire family! "Nie Hai's owner, these immortals are Nie Lie, who Nie wanted to give to whom, I also have no power to decide!" Nie Yan respectfully said, kicked the ball to Nie Li, anyway, now Nie Li There Yang Xin back, you can not bird Nie Hai“You guys...” Nie Hai’s depressed, this two grandparents are simply complicitNie Li is not prepared to overthrow Nie Hai. The people of other branches still have to take care of it. With so many drugs, the people of this branch can't use it all at once. Anyway, he can still get more. Elixir, don't care about these“Big Elders, two-fifths of these potions are handed over to the family!” Nie Li looked to Nie Yandao."Well, all right!" Nieen nodded, and he wasn't an unknown person."Three out of five!" Nie Hai argues"Only two-fifths of them, if Nie Hai's family does not want to“Nie shakes her head and shakes her head absolutely, and she says absolutely strongly that so many dyads, even if only two-fifths of them were enough, enough to make Tianxie home for a while."It's not like this. Let's hand over one-half to the family!" Nieen played round the field“The great elders really know the general, Nie Haicheng your feelings!” Nie Hai handed over, seriously said that one-half has been very good, after all, the number of this immortality, has gone far beyond his imagination“What does the owner of Nie Hai mean I don’t know what?” Nie dives his eyebrows"I didn't mean this, I was misunderstood. I left with a small apology. Xiao Yuan was able to contribute so much to the family and prove that Xiao Qiang is still a family member!" Nie Hai quickly apologized and Xie Hai was afraid. Angry to take back all the immortality, he would cryUnconsciously, Nie Li has completely mastered the initiative. The identity of the owner is completely ineffective for Nie Li.Nie Liyi was angry and Nie Hai would have to pay no attention to it. Although he was depressed, he did not dare to say anything.But when I think about those drugs, Nie Hai has nothing in it.So many immortalities are enough to have a profound influence on the Tian-trace family. Even if he is affected by more anger, he is worth it.Nie defied twice and turned back. Nie couldn't help but smile a bit. Before Nie was able to see the elders in the clan, he was afraid he could not do it. Not to mention Nie Hai, now this situation has turned upside down.In the face of Nie Li, Nie Hai did not dare to breathe. How could there be a majesty? Ten souls of Dan was finally divided up by various families and wealthy businessmen. Each person in the company had an excited look on his face.At this moment, no matter if it is Nie Hai or Nie En, the moment has a sense of overlooking above everyone."In order to divide one hundred souls of Dan, actually grab it like this!" The entire Red Moon auction house will also be allocated a quota of one thousand grains for raising souls and one hundred souls for Dan, while they are sitting on so many raises. The soul of Dan and the soul of Dan, if converted into money, simply can not imagine, not to mention that the amazing efficacy of the drug Dan Dan! The excitement in his heart still seemed to be in a dream. Nieen's hands were consciously squatting into the space ring. His space ring was the first time that such a huge amount of wealth had been hidden. The heart could not help but feel a bit uneasy, lest it be thieves. Although he is very safe in the space ring, he is still uneasyOn the other side, Nie Hai is almost like the guard of Nie'en.If someone dares to rob them of their immortality, they will definitely take out their lives and fight with each other! For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience