Readx(); Nie Li readily provided these immortalities, comparable to the wealth of a wealthy family.Nie Li provided the Alchemist Association with a variety of formulations for the use of immortality. In the area of ​​immortality, the Association of Alchemists will surely meet Nie Li as much as possible. The immortality given to Nie Li will be equivalent to five cents of the output of the entire Alchemist Association. oneIt can be said that apart from the Association of Alchemists, the largest number of immortals at hand is Nie"In addition to raising the spirit of the soul, the soul of Dan and the soul of Dan, I also have red Yan Yan and nine turn Dan ..." Nie Li's voice deliberately pausedEven the legendary Chi Yan and the Nine Turning Dan have both Nie Hai and Nie Yan’s eyes glowed."The two kinds of cherished immortality, the owner of the family can not let me contribute to the family for free ..." Nie Li's implication is that if Nie Hai wants to get these two kinds of immortality from him, they have to be good. Performance, giving generous conditions“That is, of course, the private property of the tribe is protected by the family!” Nie Hai said hurriedly, and he felt a bit distressed. What benefits would he give to Nie? Next to the Niel suddenly remembered something, said: "Yes, the owner of adults, we inherited a long family of days marks, the family treasure house still has a lot of good things passed down in ancient times, since the small away has been the Holy Spirit College talented class Accepted, as a reward, we should not let the small family treasure to leave to pick a thing?" Tianxie family treasure house? Nie Chengzhong had a slight move. In the past life, he had not entered the family treasure house of Tianxue. As a descendant of the family, the descendants of one of the ten lords of Fengshui Empire, there are still some good things in the family treasure house of Tianxue. SomethingMany people who have inherited a long heritage treasure, Nie Hai and others may not know their usefulness, but Nie Li is different. Countless kinds of treasures passed by Nie Li in previous lives are countless, and generally good things are not going to escape from the eyes of Nie.“Elena Elne, this Chiyanyandan Dan, after you go back to take refining, it is particularly useful for the strengthening of the martial body!” Nie Li handed Nie En a red-flavored body, Dan said"Thank you for leaving!" Nielen was agitated, and the fire-fighting Dan Dan was scorched hot outside. It was said that the price of a red-burned shell was fired to more than one million ghosts.Nie Hai was a little jealous, and this red-flame-body body was not only effective for the martial arts, but also had a significant effect on the demon spirits.“Small ah, Tianxen is your home. The treasure house of Tianxin is your treasure house. There is something inside it that you just like, you can just take it!” Nie Hai immediately annexed Nie Haidao, although there is still a family treasure house. Some things, but they can be used, basically have been used out, and the rest are things that even they are unable to use. He is not allowed to escape from the rare things in Nie, take a few more, Nie Li The family's immortality has already reached the value of the entire Tender family treasure house."The host is really generous and generous. I have always misunderstood the owner. This is a red-flavored body, which is sent to the owner for use. When I go to the family treasure house, I send one hundred red peppers and one to one. One hundred nine turn Dan to the family!" Nie said lightly, in any case, a lot of anti-drug, sent a little nothing at allAfter hearing Nie Li’s words, Nie Hai’s eyes lit up, and he wished he would fly back to Tianxue now! The auction is still going on and the auction of the drug has endedLei Zhuo and Jiang Ming both glimpsed Nie Hai here“Nie Hai had just loaded up and spent two million magic coins and bought a lot. When it was sold to the immortals, there was no money!” Lei Zhuo sneered.Jiang Ming is also attached to the road: "Although the gold-grade suit is useful, it can only be used by one person after all. It is only used when it comes to fighting, but after all, it is not as practical as these immortalities. It is estimated that Nie Hai has indignated his intestines. "What they don't know is that Nie Hai and others got so many potency medicines from Nie here that they would be interested in those potions at the auction. They were saying, Nie Li began bidding wildly again, and successively photographed five or six million demon spirit coins. If only a little bit of interest was taken, they would all be photographed. In any case, the money would not be used up. More demon crystal card on the space inside the ring is still occupying the place, might as well buy something more practicalThe original Tianxue family is not interested in those immortality drugs, not money! When Lei Zhuo and Jiang Ming suddenly burned on their faces, when did the Tianxing family become so rich, their hearts became extremely depressed.After half an hour of auctions, Nie Li bought dozens of things, but there wasn't much to make Nie away excited. It was a bit boring.At that moment, the young girl auctioneer suddenly raised her tone and said in a seductive voice: "This auction is going to be over soon, but we will soon have a worldly treasure coming soon!" The voice of the teacher just fell, and more than 20 people went into the auction room. These people, dressed in Chinese clothes, walked down the stairs under the guidance of several beautiful young girls and went all the way to the third floor of the auction venue.The entire venue was turbulent"That person I know is an elder of the family of Haomenshifengming!" "That is the elders of the Yilong family!" "That is the elders of the sacred family!" "How could they come here?" "I heard this time." The Red Moon family has found a wonderful world from the inside of the Black Market, so this auction was held, and invited the top three families and representatives of another six giants to come to the auction!" Things, these superpowers should be of little interest. After all, they can also be bought at other auctions. The purpose of their coming here is the so-called rare world treasure of the Red Moon family! "Actually, it was found inside the Black Market. Tian Hao, they actually have the courage to enter the Black Market!" Black Market? Nie Li recalled that place. He did not go in before. He only heard people talk about it. The Black Market is a place like a nightmare. Only the strong men above the Black Gold level dare to enter. There is a lot of horrors gathering there. Wicked BeastIt is said that there was a pre-dark period in which a legendary spirit master lived. The spirit of the legendary spirit division was a very scary evil spirit. After the legendary demon spirit master passed away, there was a nightmare. Spirit occupiesThe nightmare is a very mysterious and scary demon spirit population. Many mysterious abilities are even half-knowledged by Nie Li, and the nightmare spirit is one of the hardest to capture! I don't know what the Red Moon family got from the Black MarketNie Centrifuge can not help but expect some, what family is the Red Moon family to auction? The representatives of the three great peak families and the seven giants are all seated. The atmosphere of the entire auction venue is stagnant. Everyone is looking forward to what the Red Moon family will come up with.