"I want to continue practicing!" Xiao Ning's clear eyes looked at Nie Li and said coldly.Xiao Ning'er does not want to be interrupted by other people. There is a kind of expression that refuses people thousands of miles away. She seldom touches the classmates in the class, especially the boys, and she is not a friend."I'll be going right away!" Nie smiled faintly. He looked at him from top to bottom.Xiao Ning's little eyebrows were slightly offensive. It was too polite to look at Nie's disappointment. She could not help but feel angry.Many people in St. Lan's College are pursuing Xiao Lian Er, but Xiao Ning'er has always been dismissive. She only focuses on cultivation. Nie Li's behavior is no different from those of other boys. It is annoying! "You still don't go?" Xiao Ning'er was upset and she was already bothering her for a long time.Nie Liang's eyes fell on Xiao Lian'er's feet. Xiao Ning'er did not wear shoes. The pair of jade feet, like a creamy gel, were small and exquisite, crystal clear, slightly reddish in the moonlight, and said: “Whenever night falls, your feet are Isn't it burning?” Xiao Ning'er said, “How do you know?” Because the feet are hot and hot, Xiao Ling doesn’t normally wear shoes when he’s practicing in the evening."Of course I know!" Nie Li smiled. "I not only know this, but I know more. Your feet are burning, but your body is extremely cold. Very painful! Want to cultivate spiritual power, but also powerless, is not it?" Xiao Ning children a tip of a shiver, these things she has been silently endured alone, and even never told her family, Nie from how to know? After seeing Xiao Lian'er's expression, Nie Li knew that his guess was almost the same. The problem of former Xiao linger was here. This problem is called extreme cold. He often cultivates soul force at night and leads to chilly. Into the body, air veins blockedExtremely cold disease is only one serious illness, but when the body is heavy, it is dead. Before the death of Xiao Xinger, it was just a two-year stay in bed. It was very lucky."In addition to these symptoms, your body must have some bruises in some places. It is painful, long-lasting, and proliferating."Nie Li was determined to be authentic." You haven't cultivated into a bronze star realm. Once you practice to the bronze one-star realm, you will have a serious disease. The repair will be greatly reduced and you will die again."Listening to Nie Li's words, Xiao Lier stayed for a moment, her hands clasped and her eyes were red.How could this be? Even if it is very strong, but suddenly hear the news, Xiao Tinger still can not withstand such a blowNie was able to see where her illness was at a glance, and what she said should be eighty-nine.From a very young age, she knew her family wanted to marry her into the sacred family and marry Shen Fei.As he grew older, Xiao Geling gradually learned what kind of person Shen Fei was. She did not want to marry the deaf young man who was always searching for flowers, so she tried hard to practice, hoping to get rid of this cruel fate.But God does not seem to let her hope, finally she will soon go to the bronze star, but suddenly heard such bad newsSeeing Xiao Ning'er, who has always been strong and looking like she was crying, Nie Li could not help but feel a little pity."Nie Li, you know what disease I have, you must have a way to treat it, right?" Xiao Ninger was overwhelmed, his strong defense was finally broken, begging authentic, "Can you help me?" After all, it's just a thirteen-year-old girl.Xiao Ning'er is of a strong character and seldom asks people. When he hears Xiao Lian'er, Nie Litton was a little whispered. He said for a moment: "This disease is not without treatment. You can go to the library of Shenglan College to check it out. This condition is called extreme cold[Love to the novel network.]" "Really? "Xiao Tinger suddenly raised some hope," How to treat? "" Use a special warming and nourishing vein to guide the massage, disperse the bruising, and eat the medicines of goldenrod and sagebrush every day. In your current condition, about a month or so, you can recover quickly. If it's more than ten days“Nie left the road, this is a method to treat extreme cold"Guiding the technique?" Xiao Ning's child is slightly squinted. She is in a family of giants, but she has never heard of anyone who would lead the technique."In addition to these treatments, you must also ensure that you don't cultivate your soul power in the middle of the night!" Nie Li said, "Get your psychic powers out and let me see"Xiao Tinger looked up at Nie Li. If she was a stranger who said that she would use her spiritual power to practice her skills, she would surely think that the other person was cheating on her exercises, but when she saw Nie away from earnest attention I couldn’t help but feel a sense of trust in my heart. Nie Li said so much. She completely trusted Nie and left the spiritual power of the space ring.It was a small piece of parchment. It was old and covered with dense text.Nie Li handed over the parchment in the hands of Xiao Lian'er, inadvertently touching the skin on the back of Xiao Ning's hand, just like creamy white jade, which was generally creamy, but Nie Lih did not put his heart on it, but looked carefully.After being touched by Nie Li's hand, Xiao Ning'er's hand quickly retraced his back and rushed through the room. The mood was in a mess. If Nie Li was to marry her, what would be her attempt? However, when she looked up, she discovered that Nie Li was completely unaware of her strangeness. She felt a slight sigh of relief. Nie looked down at the look of parchment and was extra careful. She couldn't help but feel a little lost. After she reacted, she lowered her head and didn't know what she was thinking.“Our great wealthy families, and even rumored disciples’ cultivation, are actually such poor spiritual powers to practice their skills. No wonder the glorious city will eventually be destroyed...” Nie murmured.“What did you say?” Xiao Li's eyes widened. She heard sporadic words and she did not hear Nie Li’s words."Nothing!" Nie smiled faintly. "This spiritual skill is too bad. Cultivation will inevitably damage the meridians. The reason why you get a cold disease is very much related to this exercise method."Change this psychic psychic psychic to psychic psychic, and change this sentence into 'soul and spirit, heart and supernatural power'...." Nie Lichao continued, and changed this soul-cultivation cultivating practice to an unrecognisant position.Xiao Ninger heard that Nie Li modified her soul power to cultivate her exercises. At the beginning, she was rather unconvinced. This soul force cultivation practice was passed down by her ancestors and was ranked among all the spiritual power cultivation practices in the family collection. Sixth, this kind of spiritual force cultivation practice method is again Nie Li's change and change? However, Xiao Ning'er still listened to those who said Nie Li. After all, she was the cultivator of the soul-strength law. He deeply understood something inside.Gradually, Xiao Ninger found out that Nie left the modified parts and seemed to be very reasonable. It was indeed much more profound than the original sentence.Xiao Ling's eyes widened and she looked up at Wei Qi incrediblely."Nie Li, can you say it again, I will write down everything you said!" Xiao Ning'er said quickly.“Yeah!” Nie Li slowed down the pace, and said all the places in this soul-force method that needed to be changed.After Xiao Lian's cultivation of the soul force, he had already had a memorable ability. Although the things he said about Nie was a bit of a misunderstanding, she still wrote down everything. The more she savored, the more she discovered Nie. From this modified method, it is far more advanced than her imagination.Xiao Ning'er looks at Nie Li’s gaze, from the initial confusion to later becoming more and more admirable.How profound knowledge of soul can we have to revise such an advanced soul-strengthening method? I am afraid that even the black gold demon psychic can not do it? Does Nie away from the understanding of cultivation, has surpassed the black gold demon spiritual master, even reached the realm of the legendary demon psychic division? Xiao Ning'er, as a treasurer, firmly recorded every word Nie said in his heart.She can't tell her what kind of emotions she feels for Nie in the end. worship? Nie Li was just same age as hers. Xiao Ninger found out how far the gap between her and Nie was. It was ridiculous before she thought that Nie Li was the crane's tail in the class. She now discovered that Shen Xiu’s And how ignorant those students laughed at Nie Li, she was almost convinced that Nie Li would be a legendary demon singer as he had said before.What Nie left from the class is true! Xiao Ning'er has grown from small to large, both talent and intelligence, far more than his peers. This is her first time, she began to look up to a peer.Nie Li said that she wanted to marry the most beautiful woman in the glorious city. When she thinks of this, Xiao Ning'er thoughts are chaotic and her head is silent. Suddenly, her body flashes in her mind. Ye Ziyan.Although Xiao Lian-er is very confident in his appearance, she also has to admit that she is not necessarily comparable to Ye Zixuan on beauty."What are you thinking?" Nie looked away at Xiao Ting'er and asked in confusion, Xiao Xinger's look was a little strange."No, nothing..." Xiao Geling shook his head quickly, expelling all the thoughts from his head and asked, "Nie Li, will you guide the art?""Nie left and nodded." However, the guided technique requires massage on the patient's bruises. It seems a bit wrong for me to do it."Xiao Tinger looked up at Nie Li's face. Nie Li's cheeks were well-defined. The eyebrows and stars were on the head. The black eyelids shone with deep light. There was an indescribably handsome spirit, and that image in her mind." After slowly reuniting together, Xiao Geling bowed his head and said: "I don't mind. You just helped me cure? I do not want to become a waste personXiao Linger's second half is comforting himself.In front of Nie, Xiao Geling finally unloaded the cold precautions"Yeah..." Nie was silent for a moment. Other girls didn't mind, and he was too arrogant. He already had Ye Zixuan in his heart. He only had such a good impression of Xiao Ting'er and it was not too good. Many thoughts, "That's good, I'll use guided surgery to help you once every three days. You go back and follow me. Go eat some herbs. I believe it will be good soon."""Ok"Shaolin nodded and nodded silently.""What is your bruise?" asked Nie.Xiao Lier's slightly cold cheek flashed a shy flush, pointing to the instep and said: “There is a place here!” Nie looked down and saw Xiao Dinger’s white feet on the back, and she had a deep one. Purple, already very serious"so seriousNie wrinkled his brow and said, "Fortunately, it is on the instep. If it is in other places, it will be troublesome."Instep is also more convenient, one will be like! Nie divorced and sat down on the floor"Ok"Shaolin nodded and nodded. She did not say that this was just a bruise. She sat down slowly and lifted her foot to Nie's leg. His eyes flickered and he didn't know what to think."For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience