"Sixty million demon coins!" Although there is something wrong with him, but Yang Xin continues to increase the price, because Nie Hai came saying that no matter how much the price, we must buy this jade pot, Nie will pay the billHey, 60 million demon soul money, the real value of this price? What is this jade pot? Do you know the effect of this jade pot? Yang Xin took a look at the mysterious person in the downstairs meeting room. This guy didn't know what it was and actually came to fight for it."Sixty-five million demon money!" The mysterious person hesitated and continued to increase"70 million demon soul money!" Yang Xin continue to increasePrices continue to climbNie Hai and Nie En have already looked dumbfounded. They know that this thing is what Nie wanted to buy. However, the price is too shocking. Nie is much richer than they thought. How much money did the Association of Alchemists give to Nie? Why did the Association of Alchemists give Nie away so much money? They are filled with doubtsNie frowned and looked at the mysterious person in the venue. Who is this guy in the end? Actually also follow the increase? Nie Yi thought about it. Did the Red Moon auction find support? Shouldn’t it be, if such a thing were to be announced, the Red Moon Auction’s signboard would be paralyzed and the Association of Alchemists would not let them go. They would not have done such stupid things, and the price was being competitive to this extent. Even the Association of Alchemists doesn’t have to meet. If this thing is in your own hands, they’ll lose out.Will it be the Dark Society? In addition to the major super-communities and chambers of commerce, only the Dark Society has the financial competition! The Dark Guild abducted the children of various families and then extorted money from various families, robbed and robbed, and so on. They did not know how much money they had made, and they were very strong.Nie Li was silent for a moment: "Family Owner, I'm sorry to give you another word for Yang Lizhi. I still say that. No matter what the price is, we must take this black jade pot and send it to the person immediately after the end of the auction. Mystery people, people sent to at least the gold level, it is best to have black gold level, absolutely not to be discovered by him!” Nie Haimei hair slightly pick, nodded and said: “OK!” He vaguely think of this matter It is not simple. A person who does not know what is coming from, actually has such a wealth of financial resources to compete with the Association of Alchemists.At this point, it is feared that more than one side is looking at the mysterious person below! "100 million demon money!" When the Alchemist Association shouted out the price, the strong forces of all parties were a little stupid, and their hearts were full of doubts. Could it be that the Association of Alchemists knew the utility of this thing and shouted? How about such a price? Or is it that the Association of Alchemists really has too much money and no place to spend? 100 million demon soul money ah, this is too embarrassing! "One hundred and ten million demon soul money!" The following mysterious person hesitated for a long time, that girl auctioneer almost fell to the hammer, he finally added another price“One hundred and twenty million demon coins!” Yang Xin added another price soon.The mysterious person finally realized that Yang Xin’s determination did not continue to increase the price. The margin he had paid was not enough.All the people in the audience were thrilled and saw such a fierce bidding war in their lifetime. They also really gained insights. This black jade pot does not know what it is. It actually captured the sky-high price of 120 million demon spirit coins. I'm afraid the Association of Alchemists can afford it.For this black jade pot, everyone’s heart has a strong curiosityThe auction is finally overThe people slowly dispersed, Nie Li and others took pictures, and they all went to pay for the goods.In the secret compartment of the auction, Nie Li met with Yang Xin.Yang Xin was holding the black jade pot and smiling and asked Nie Li: “Little brother, do you know what this thing is for?” In order to buy this black jade pot, she spent a full 120 million demon spirits. The price of this coin is not a small number for the Association of Alchemists. Although the Association of Alchemists is now making money, it hasn't been so squandered to such an extent."I don't know what use this thing!" Nie went to the booth and smiled."My sister didn't believe it. Did you spend so much money just to buy such a useless thing?" Yang Xin embraced his arms in his hands, and the chest's abundance became more tempting because of squeezing. He looked like he laughed. Nie Li, "If you refuse to say anything, Yang sister can take this black jade pot back and study it!" "Because you don't know its purpose, you have to take it down. Its breath is so pure, sure." Not every product, my master might not know its purpose!” Nie Li once again moved this imaginary master out of the house and said with a smile: “Anyway, such a little money is not what!” Hearing Nie Li, Yang Xin suddenly The face expressed a few respectful colors, said: "Since it is to buy you a master, then quickly closed!" Nie Li's master, is likely to be a master class alchemist, Yang Yan dare to make times"There should be 120 million demon spirits in this space ring!" Nie Li took out a space ringYang Xin shook his head and put the space ring back. Charming smiled: “This thing is even bought by the Association of Alchemists, and you are given to the master and his old man!” because Nie was away from the kinds of potions provided by the master. The Association of Alchemists earned a lot of money, but more importantly, the strength of the entire City of Glory has been enhanced a lot. The Association of Alchemists is no way to save the master of Nie Li. This is a good opportunity for giving gifts. How could they miss that Nie Li's master was pleased to provide a recipe for one or two kinds of immortality, which would be very significantNie was silent for a moment and took over the nightmare pot, and smiled slightly. “Thank you, Yang sister. I will tell the master!” “Thank you, little brother!” Yang Xin smiled and said After thinking about something, he asked, "You asked me to send someone to follow that bid. What did you discover?" Even if Nie did not say anything, she would definitely do it. If she knew it, that person would be red. The family of the Moon family will die badly in the Red Moon family! "I suspect it may be the dark guilds!" Nie thought, "But this is just my guess!" Whoever actually rushes out of the amazing price to compete for the nightmare pot, in addition to his own In addition, there are people who know that the role of the nightmare pot is not? "Dark Guild's?" Yang Xin squinted slightly. "If I knew that he was a member of the Dark Guild, then he wouldn't even want to step out of the glorious city! I have already commissioned a black gold demon psychic to follow him." "" Yang sister is best not to make a surprise, even if you want to catch him, but also to catch live! "Nie from the road, maybe you can find sacred family dark collusion dark evidence! ~~ Brothers, recommended list is urgent, request for recommendation support! ! ! u