"I understand!" Yang smiled at his head.The vertex said, "I'll go back first!" Nie Li said to Yang Xindao, and after leaving him with Yang Xin, he quietly left the door.The price of that nightmare pot has reached an astonishing 120 million, and such a thing will definitely attract people's attention.With Nie's current strength, if he is stared at, he may not be able to defend such a treasure. However, fortunately, others do not know that the nightmare pot is in the hands of Nie, everyone thinks that the nightmare pot In Yang Xin's hands, most people are afraid to fight Yang Xin’s idea.After all, Yang Xin’s status today is of utmost importance in the glorious city! Nie Li left quietly, and Nie Hai and Nie Er returned to Tianxie with their carriages."This is a nightmare pot thing, absolutely can not tell anyone!" Nie looked at Nie Hai, Nie En two, Shen Sheng"That's natural!" Nie Hai and Nieen hurried to their heads. They also understood the seriousness of this matter. If other people knew that the mysterious jade pot was in the hands of Nie Li, it could lead to some even traces of the family. Unable to deal with troubleThe interests of Nie Li today are the interests of the Tian-trace family! “Do we go back to the family now?” Nie Hai asked"No!" Nie shook her head and shook her head. "I'm going to the Spiral Chamber of Commerce to buy the demon spirit!" "Buy demon spirit? Have you already reached the silver level?" Nieen suddenly remembered something, askedNie was silent for a moment, but at this time it did not seem necessary to hide Nie Hai and Nie En.Having Nie Li’s confirmation, Nie Hai and Nie En looked at Nie Li in shock and took a cool breath. They all remembered that Nie had not even reached a star of bronze until a few months ago. Silver reached? The thirteen-year-old silver spirit master, my God, is a masterpiece of peerlessness. In the history of the glorious city, it is also one of the few! "The first demon spirit must be selected well! You want to choose what demon spirit, we can give you some reference!" Nie Hai solemnly authentic, spirits sold in the Spinning Chamber of Commerce, is indeed the glorious The best in the north of the city, where you can buy a good demon spiritWhat they did not know was that Nie Li had already merged a shadow demon spirit. This time he was going to get it. It was not as simple as an ordinary demon spirit. What reference can Nie Hai give him? "I have my own thoughts!" Nie shook his headNie Hai and Nie Nen looked at each other with a glance. They completely forgot. The thirteen-year-old boy was not an ordinary person at all. It was simply an enchanting man. They could not control Nie Li's decision. The carriage whirled quickly and moved forward. Nie Liang and Nie Hai confirmed the situation. There was no follow-up on the back. This was relieved. Nie Li was still worried that some people would stare at him. Whether it was a sacred family or a dark guild, the forces were too powerful. Too largeFortunately, the temporary dark guild, sacred family should not have noticed him! How can these superpowers care about a teenager? It is estimated that when the dark guilds and sacred families began to notice his existence, Nie Li had grown so far that they could not cope with it! Spinning Chamber of Commerce, VIP RoomAfter Nie Li and others became identifiable, the people of the Spiral Chamber immediately welcomed Nie Li and others to the secret VIP room.The reception of Nie Li from the trio is an old man whose hair is white, and it is the big dispenser of the Spinning Chamber of Commerce, called Shao Mingfeng.As the head of the Spinning Chamber of Commerce, the news of Shao Mingfeng was still very well-informed. Tianxie family was very busy at the Red Moon Auction House. The news quickly spread to his ears, so Tianxing Family was already listed as One of the important customers“Three Please Drink Tea!” Shao Mingfeng made a pleased pose with a smile“Thank you, Shao Shao, dispensers!” Nie Hai smiled slightly. “I'm here to buy magic for my grandchildren!” “Our Rotary Wood Chamber of Commerce is dedicated to serving every customer!” Shao Mingfeng smiled and looked at it for a moment. Nie Li, "I don't know what type of demon spirit Nie Hai's family is going to buy. We have a variety of demon spirits here!" Shao Mingfeng took out a booklet with various demon spirits. There are hundreds of types of demon spirits. Categories, attributes, etc., are listed very clearly and give a rough price rangeThe Spinning Chamber of Commerce is the largest demon trader in the northern part of the City of Glory. They buy a large number of demon spirits from those adventurers every day, and then resell them. Some of them are cherished demon spirits. The higher the level, the more rare they are. The more expensive the demon spirit, the cheap demon spirit can buy hundreds of thousands of demon spirit coins, expensive demon spirit, after the identification price may be as high as millions or even tens of millions of demon soul moneyDon't know what level of demon spirit Tianji family will buy, Shao Mingfeng secretly thinking, it depends on Nie Hai's degree of attention to Nie away! Nie Hai looked at Nie LiNie Li did not look at the booklet. He looked at Shao Mingfeng and asked: "Shao Treasurer, what kind of demon spirit I bought here for you, will you be kept secret?" Shao Mingfeng gave a surprised look at Nie Li's head. Road: "Of course, we will keep confidential for each customer, and we will never reveal any customer information!" "Good!" Nie Li bowed slightly and took the book and pointed to one of the evil spirits. Department of the demon spirit, how much are you here?" Hear Nie from the words, Shao Mingfeng slightly surprised, looked at Nie Hai, Nie from a child can count it? See Nie Haitou, Shao Mingfeng said: "The nightmare is the rarest and most difficult to control the demon spirit, it is recommended that the youngest first demon spirit, do not choose the nightmare Department of demon spirit, we are here dreaming demon Inventory, there may only be about 50!" "I have to be!" Nie from the road, "I hope Shao dispensers to a fair price!" "All ... ... all?" Shao Mingfeng sucked a cold, Shocked at Nie Li, Nie Li knows how much money it is? How does Nie left to buy so many demon spirits? One can only integrate at most one demon spirit! "Yes, all!" Nie away seriouslyNie Hai and Nie En were also shocked to take advantage of Nie Li. After a long while, they recovered."Rest assured, I will pay!" Nie away indifferent authenticShao Mingfeng looked at Nie Hai and Nie Hai smiled and said: "Please ask Shao dispensers to bring all the dreamy demon spirits to you. We will all have it!" "Good!" Shao Mingfeng reveals a look of excitement, the general dream demon Spirit, one or two months to sell it only, Nie left to buy all the nightmare of the demon spirit inventory, this is definitely a big customer ah, hurried respectfully, “Given that you buy so many spirits at once, I guarantee the price is absolutely fair!" "We believe that Shao dispensers, after all, we will come here to purchase more demon spirit!"In this case, spit out from the mouth of Nie Li. For a moment, Shao Mingfeng treated Nie Li as an adult. I really do not know how this child is taught. ! It's just a lot of wisdom near demon ah! "You wait, I immediately get the nightmare spirit!" Shao Mingfeng said, hurriedly left"Yes, what do you buy so many nightmare spirits?" Nie enquired doubtfully, Nie was too rich for this guy, and he had to pay for money at the auction. Now he's here to frantically buy the demon spirit. There will be no money to spend, after all, one can only integrate a demon spirit."I have my own magic!"