Soon, Shao Mingfeng returned with a lot of demon stones.Alas, after the demon spirit is captured, it is often sealed in the demon spirit and preserved.A row of demon spirit stones lined up on the table, it is spectacular! "These are just silver-class nightmare spirits, the price is around 60,000 demon soul coins, these are just gold-class nightmare spirits, the price is around 300,000 demon spirit coins!" Shao Mingfeng pointed at these demon spirits Stone, explained to Nie LiyiIn addition to the demon spirit division, the demon spirit can also be sealed into armor and give the armor a powerful force.Silver spirits above the level of the demon spirit, the price is already very expensive, easily tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of demon soul money, ordinary people simply can not affordHowever, this is not a problem at all for Nie Li."Well, the price is fair, I have to!" Nie noddedShao Mingfeng turned to look at Nie Hai and Nie En. Nie Hai and Nie Enh smiled at each other. Shao Mingfeng always wanted to seek the opinions of both of them. But they did not understand it completely. The two of them could not do the Lord! Nie left his right hand and got a high demon crystal card from the space ring and put it on the table: "This is all the money, Shao dispensers check it!" Actually Nie left his own money? Looked at the hill-like demon crystal card, Shao Mingfeng deep earthquake, this day marks family is too Niubi, actually let a child hidden so much money! However, Shao Mingfeng did not have too many ideas. He was just a serious businessperson.Since Nie can pay the bill, there is no problem at all.Nie moved from the right hand and threw fifty-three demon stones into the space ring.“Please also take care of our business after the days of Tianxie family!” After Shao Mingfeng put away those demon crystal cards, his smile became more and more humbly. This is absolutely the biggest deal he has ever done since he bought and sold demon spirits."Shao Treasurer does not have to be polite, we have to buy it today, Shao Treasurer will not want to send passengers so soon, right?" Nie lightly glanced at Shao Mingfeng"How? Will the little guy still want to buy the demon spirit?" Shao Mingfeng asked, Nie Li calmly calmed, gave him a touch of oppression, his heart smiled endlessly, this is really a 13-year-old boy? Really enchanting! "Of course, the nightmare is just part of it!" Nie said calmly.The shock in Shao Mingfeng's heart is indescribable. How many demon spirits should Nie get from the end? However, as a shop, he certainly hopes that the more demon spirits sold, the better! "I also need poisonous demon spirits, sleet demon spirits and mad fighting demon spirits ... ... Shao dispensers to take up all the stocks of these demon spirits!" Another is to all inventory? my God! However, Shao Mingfeng quickly got all the demons' stocks on the Pidianpidian. The number of nightmare demons is relatively rare, and the number of demon spirits is much larger, and some are as many as many. Thousands, the least there are thousands, but the price is cheaper than the nightmare"A total of 65 million demon spirit coins!" Shao Mingfeng statistics for a moment, just to calculate the price of these demon spirits, he made him sweating"Sixty-five million demon spirit coin, Shao treasurer inventory!" Nie Li took out 6,500 demon crystal cards at a time, and filled the table with a full table.Shao Mingfeng was shocked. He had seen so much money for the first time since he started the business. The key is that the money was actually taken out of a space ring by a child. This is really shocking."Shao dispensers, I would also like to purchase a group of demon spirits after some time!" Nie Li looked at Shao Mingfeng said"As long as the Young Master has instructions, Shao Mingfeng will certainly do everything in his power. Whenever he sends someone to me, I will send all the demon spirits to the Tianxue family!" Shao Mingfeng said respectfully, he never again When Nie Li was looked at by a child, this was his biggest patronage. A transaction was even higher than the amount of transactions he had made in a few years. He must take good care of Nie Li, otherwise he would run for such a customer and cry. Heart has! "Well, homeowner, big elders, let's go back!" Nie Li looked at Nie Hai and Nie Er's two peoples“Nice!” Nie Hai and Nie Nen nodded. Originally they were preparing to bring Nie to the Red Moon auction house to see the big scene. The result did not expect, but it was Nie Li with them to see the big scene, and now they The heart also pouncesThis does not blame them, the entire day marks the family's income is only one million demon spirit money only, and Nie once went out this time, buy a pot to spend more than 100 million, buy the demon spirit and spent more than 6,000 Thousands, not scared of heart disease, it's pretty goodAfter Nie Hai, Nie Hai and Nie Eng severed to Shao Mingfeng, they rode back to Tianxie with a carriage.During this trip, whether it was Nie Li or Nie Hai or Nie Enh, they were all well-earned. Nie Hai and Nie Er hurriedly called together the family members. They had to distribute the various kinds of potions on their hands and let the people As much as possible to enhance the strengthNie Li returned home. Under the arrangement of Nie Hai, Nie left the family and moved into an independent house in the Tian-trace family home. It is only one step away from the home of the family and it can be said that it is the safest place for the family in Tianxie. He was very satisfied with this arrangement of Nie Hai.Nie Li put a lot of things such as immortality pills and monster crystal cards at home so that the family can use them at any time to prepare for any unexpected needs. He himself stays in the room and concentrates on cultivation.In the evening, Yang Xin from the Alchemists Association reported that a group of assassins tried to hijack Yang Xin and wanted to snatch the nightmare pot, but they were killed by Yang Xin’s guards.Nie deviates from the eyebrows, and dare to do such a thing in the city of glory. If you have the courage to be too big, is it the person who wants to snatch the nightmare monster pot and also knows the role of the nightmare pot? Otherwise it will not do such a risky thing! Dare to do such a thing, I’m afraid the non-dark guild is none other thanWhether it is a sacred family or a dark guild, it is a threat that people can't wait to solve! Although Nie Li's strength has improved very quickly, it is still only silver-class strength, which is far from enough! Shadowy demon spirit This assassin-type demon spirit, in the assassination, is indeed very powerful, but under normal circumstances, the shadow demon spirit or do not feel free to display is better, because the various demon demon spirit ability is not exposed, you can Received unexpected results, but if it is displayed in a fair and square manner and studied by many people, the ability of the demon spirit will be suppressed.Therefore, Nie Li also needs to integrate more demon spirits. Because the God of Heaven can integrate seven demon spirits, each fusion of a demon spirit, Nie Li's strength and practice speed, will have a substantial increaseOf course, Nie Li is very picky about the demon spirit. When he is born again, Nie Licai will not merge some ordinary garbage spirits! After the demon spirit, Nie Li was ready to go to some relics and find some special demon spirits. However, after having a nightmare pot, Nie had a new idea.Dreamy demon pot to refine the demon spirit! u