Nie Li took out a nightmare monster pot, this dark jade pot, shining with a faint luster, revealing a hint of mysteryThis thing is an ancient treasure, I did not expect to actually appear in the auction house, so Nie Li will desperately photographed it, if you miss the night with this pot, Nie Yi will regret it dead.Nie left the right hand to caress the nightmare monster pot and put a trace of soul power into the nightmare potThe nightmare pot is suddenly radiant, forming a faint connection with Nie, which plays the role of the demon pot, and Nie Li only knows only the slightest fur, but also studies more.One of the functions of the Nightmare Pot, if ten demons with the same attributes are put into the Nightmare Pot at the same time, there is a certain probability of refining a more powerful demon spirit, and of course it may fail.Nie Li purchased so many demon spirits, is to make a stronger demon spirit! "Assassin-type demon spirits have already existed, and what is most urgently needed now is the mad warfare-like demon spirit that can face up against the enemy." Nie Li thought for a moment, and he bought more than 2,000 mad fighting spirits. , more than two thousand mad fighting demon spirits, do not know if they can make a powerful mad war spirits come outEach demon spirit is divided into bronze, silver, gold, black gold, legend, and so on according to the difference in soul strength before it is hung. This is the defining standard of the City of Glory.What ordinary people do not know is that in fact, the growth of each demon spirit is different. Even if it is a very low-level demon spirit, if the growth is strong enough, then it is not necessary to kill the legendary demon spirit after training. may! At the same time, the growth of some special demon spirits is often much stronger than ordinary demon spirits. Nie Li divides the growth of the demon spirit into five levels, including inferior, common, good, excellent, excellent, and god-level. Shadow demon spirit is undoubtedly a demon spirit with god-grade growth, and it has a demon spirit strength. There is no limit to promotionOrdinary people simply do not know how to distinguish the growth of the demon spirit. Only Nie Li knows that, like human beings determine soul power, the growth of the demon spirit can also be measured by the soul crystal, but the method of distinguishing is different.The second fusion of the demon spirit, the impact will be very far-reaching, Nie Li, of course, carefully selected Caixing, even if you can not get God-level growth of the demon spirit, at least get a superior level, or too sorry to buy this expensive Come to nightmare pot! Nie Li took out ten demons and tested the ten demons with Spirit Crystal."The scattered soul clouds, the inferior demon spirit!" "Disorderly soul clouds, inferior demon spirits!" "Disordered soul clouds, inferior demon spirits!" "Incomplete soul cloud, common The demon spirit!” Nie Li quickly tested the ten demon spirits. Seven poor grades and three ordinary grades were disappointed."Sure enough, it is still more difficult to pick out the higher growth from the ordinary demon spirit!" Nie thought a bit depressed, and wanted to find out a demon spirit like the demon-evil spirit of god-level growth and it was too difficult. Bigger, otherwise Nie did not take such a large risk into the remains of the city.However, these demon spirits, which are very rubbish to Nie, will be regarded as treasures if they are obtained by ordinary people.Nie Li put these ten demon spirits into the nightmare pots, and used soul power to urge the nightmare pots! When I saw the moment, the nightmare pots kept shining and they made a dazzling splendor. There was a halo flowing around. Nie Li could see that ten light and shadows were spinning and slowly blending together.The final formation of a dense mistAbout ten minutes later, the light of the nightmare pot slowly subsided, a demon is like an elf, swimming in the pot of the nightmare pot.Nie Li captured the demon spirit, attached it to an ordinary demon spirit, and then examined the growth of the demon spirit."Slightly complete soul cloud is already a good level! The nightmare pot is really extraordinary! However, a good level of demon spirit is far from enough!" Nie shook his head, with his eyes is definitely not visible On the level of good spiritsNie Li put this good-looking demon spirit aside, and then picked up ten pieces of demon stone and began to test it.Ten mad fighting demon spirits, preferably a bull spirit, is a good gradeNie left again and againThe probability of failing in refining is still quite small. There are failures that occur in only dozens of times. However, more than sixty times have been refined. The best is a good level of mad warfare. The rest are all good grades. War Spirit“No!” Nie shook his head and raised the level of these lower-level demon spirits. The difficulty was still quite high.But there are so many demon spirits, Nie Li will not give up refining, more than two thousand demon spirits, without refining is a good level of mad fighting demon spirit, a total of more than 60 selected, only a good level of total More than two hundred, it's still quite good, and some of the demon spirits have higher growth.For two whole days, Nie Li continued to refine, and again and again, he merged a poor, common demon spirit into good ones, and then continued to merge into excellent ones with good-quality demon spirits. More than a dozen of the best grades, and then use these outstanding mad fighting spirits to integrate superiorThe greater the probability of fusion failures, the more successful the fusion of the five outstanding demon spiritsLooking at the five elite demon spirits, Nie Li is still a bit reconciled. Ten outstanding demon spirits can have the opportunity to merge the god-level growth demon spirits, and the probability of failure is very high.In the integration of the superior demon spirit, the probability of success is only half, if the fusion of God-level demon spirit, the probability of success is one-fifth of the goodThe Association of Alchemists has sent the benefits of the most recent period of time, almost billions of ghostsAfter thinking about it, Nie departed and met with Nie Hai and Nie En. Nie Hai and Nie He helped him acquire a large number of mad fighting demon spirits. How many of them were needed, and every time they acquired a mad fighting demon spirit, they were given to them. Some rewardsNie Lie’s remuneration was very rich. Of course, they were doing their best. Soon afterwards, Nie Hai and Nie Er went to the chambers of commerce to help Nie Li’s acquisition of mad fighting spirits. After spending hundreds of millions, Nie Li bought them. There are tens of thousands of mad fighting spirits, and then use the nightmare potWith the increasing number of fusions, Nie Li found that the nightmare monster pot also produced some obvious changes. The originally somewhat chaotic monster pot became very clear, and even the demon spirit inside the pot was clearly visible. The state of fusionIn Nie’s experience, he felt that this nightmare pot can absorb some of the power of the demon spirit in the process of blending the demon spirits. Over time, the dream demon pot will also become more powerful.