Readx(); For a period of five days, Nie Li has always devoted himself to the demon spirit.Finally, it has fused more than 60 outstanding demon spirits"More than 60 outstanding mad fighting demon spirits can always merge a God-level mad warfare spirit?" Nie Li secretly thought, continue to refineInto the ten outstanding growth of the demon spirit, Nie away to urge the nightmare pot, blending togetherThe dazzling brilliance of the twinkling twinkles, and Nie away sees the colorful sparkle flashing in the demon pot. Each kind of demon spirit is slightly different in color, gradually mixing together."I don't know what the first successful mad fighting demon spirit would be?" Nie thought expectantly, staring intently at the nightmare.As time went on, all of a sudden, the group of demon spirits in the nightmare pot was disillusioned and dissipated."Failed..." Nie left his mouth open, and the meat hurts. To know that this failure once was equivalent to the tens of millions of demon spirits being instantly turned into nihilism, most people are playing like this to go bankrupt! Although Nie Li is rich, there are not many opportunities for success.Only six times, the first time it failed, it was really depressed.Nie Li took a deep breath and continued to put into the ten outstanding growth spirits, once again urging the nightmare pot, blending togetherTen minutes later, the nightmare of the nightmare pot was once again dissipated."Failed again..." Nie had an urge to vomit blood. In this blink of an eye, it was tens of millions.Is it really so difficult to integrate God-level growth? Although Nie Li was a bit depressed, but he did not give up. It was nothing to lose a little money. Anyway, what he now has is money.Nie Li took 10 outstanding spirits and made a third fusion.Ten demon spirits are constantly changing at the bottom of the nightmare pot, slowly blending, a dazzling brilliance flashing constantly, wave after wave of intense soul power fluctuations, out of the nightmare pot Spread outFeeling the power of this majestic soul, Nie’s pores are all open to the body, and the soul sea constantly absorbs the soul power of the nightmare pot, and the body is warm.Ten outstanding demon spirits constantly merged and changed, eventually forming a new demon spirit."Successful!" Looking at the dreamy demon pot, the demon spirit lying quietly at the bottom of the pot, Nie Li was excited and guided this demon spirit to a piece of demon spirit. He took a closer look.God-level growth of the demon spirit! After seeing the talent of the demon spirit with the soul crystal, Nie can not help but ecstatic, after two consecutive failures, he finally merged into a god-level demon spirit! This demon spirit is a ghost tiger monster, belonging to the mad warfare system, surging the power of the skeleton. Basically all the characteristics are similar to the halcyon. Unlike the ordinary pheasant, it is full of dark colors. With a metallic luster and a thorny, pointed sharp horn on top of his head and a backstab on his body.Is this still a tiger? Nie can not help but secretly scared, because this is only a demon spirit is different from the demon spirit, so its characteristics are also different from the ordinary demon spirit, is much more powerful than the ordinary demon spiritIn the mad fighting demon spirit, the savage tiger is already a kind of stronger one. After this change, he does not know what special ability there is.Nie Li took the demon spirit of the tiger first and then continued to merge the demon spirit. Then there were three chances.In the next three fusions, Nie Luck had a good luck and succeeded twice. One of them was a red-blooded leopard with full-scaled wings and back wings, and one was actually a tiger-toothed panda. Seeing that the third demon spirit is actually a tiger-toothed panda, Nie Lifan’s eyes are silly. The tiger-toothed panda is chubby and the fur on his body is black and white. He looks embarrassed. It does not seem to be any aggressive. It actually belongs to mad war. Department of demon spirit? It really makes people feel a little bit unclear. Nie Li tested the spirit of this demon spirit. It was indeed God-grade.Tiger tooth panda is a very low-level Wicked, almost no offensive, and eventually formed a demon spirit very few, do not know who it is, actually hunt a tiger tooth panda demon spiritAnd what's amazing is that when the nightmare pot is blending with the demon spirit, it is often a powerful demon spirit that devours those weak demon spirits. In the end it forms the strongest demon spirit, such as the Ming Tiger and the red-blooded demons. They are very powerful. How did this Tiger Panda swallow up so many other demon spirits and survived? "What a surprise!" Nie couldn't help but feel that he carefully looked at the tiger tooth panda. Whether it was the Phantom tiger or the red-blooded leopard, after his devour other demon spirits, his body had undergone some special changes. The tiger had a long horn and backstab. The red-blooded leopard had scales and wings. However, this tiger toothed panda did not change anything. It was exactly the same as an ordinary tiger toothed panda.Silent for a moment, Nie Li thinks of something. When the nightmare monster pot is refining the demon spirit, the demon spirits are evolving in a stronger direction, whether it is the Phantom tiger or the red-blooded demons, but this is only the tiger teeth. The Panda did not change anything at all. Doesn't that say that this Tiger Panda is probably the most powerful form? The characteristics of the vast majority of demon spirits, Nie Li knows very clearly, but it is a little uproar for this tiger tooth panda, because the tiger tooth panda is so weak, almost no one will choose to integrate a tiger tooth panda"Perhaps, tiger tooth panda is not that simple!" Nie thought for a moment and thought carefully. He felt the Tiger Panda panda spirit. He felt that there were two kinds of very different forces in the tiger tooth panda. These two kinds of completely different The strengths complement each other and form a wonderful balanceYin Yang balance, this is the most perfect form of nature! In the eyelids of tiger tooth pandas, the light is deep, and it seems that there is still a trace of consciousness. This is totally different from the ordinary demon spirit. After the demon spirit is dead, there is no consciousness of itself."It's strange! But I decided, you are the second demon spirit that I want to merge!" Nie smiled a little, and put the two demon spirits of the red-blooded devil leopard and the deceased tiger together, and the mad fighting demon needed only. Mix one, it's too much to waste“The two kids of Duze and Lu Piao are also suitable for merging mad fighting spirits. This two god-level growing demon spirits are given to them!” thought Nie Yi. As for Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er, Nie Prepare for them to get other types of demon spirits, such as Ye Zixuan, more suitable for the demon spirit of the Department of snow and snow, Xiao Tinger is more suitable for the demon spirit of the wind-ray system.The demon spirit of the wind snow system and the wind and thunder system is harder to obtain than the demon spirit of the mad warfare department. However, Nie Lie has enough money to get it right now.After sitting down, Nie Li began to merge the Tiger Panda Panda Spirit.Slowly guiding the spirit into the sea of ​​souls, Nie began to fuse