This tiger-fang panda occupies an area after entering the soul sea of ​​Nie-li and keeps a certain distance from the shadow demon spirits.Shadow demon spirit seems to be quite taboo on tiger teeth panda demon spirit, dare not move, and tiger teeth panda demon spirit also seems to feel the spirit of the demon spirit, do not dare to approachBoth sides are alert to each otherAfter the tiger tooth panda demon spirit merges slowly with the soul sea of ​​Nie Li, the boundary between the two is no longer so obvious. Nie Li’s mind flashes in a chubby figure from time to time. This guy is awkward, Grabbing the bamboos constantly squatting, crawling up a large tree awkwardly, and finally falling off.This is the image of Tiger Panda before he was born. It was passed into Nie Li's mind. Nie could not help but laugh, this little guy is still quite cute.About two hours later, the fusion between Nie Li and the Tiger Panda was finally completed. After the demon spirit of the Tiger Panda was merged, the two demon spirits interacted with each other and kept supporting the soul sea of ​​Nie Li and Nie Li’s soul sea. Crazy expansion outwards, expanded more than twice as much, soul power surgedNie left two souls in the Sea of ​​Souls. The two souls are constantly flowing and complement each other. An immense power surges out.Nie Li felt that his soul power suddenly increasedTested with the soul crystal, Nie Li found that his soul power had grown to two thousand, reaching the realm of silver and two stars, and a tiger tooth panda was merged, allowing Nie Li’s strength to rise directly to a level.All of this was in the prediction of Nie Li. What he was most concerned about was not the ascension of cultivation but the natural talent of the Tiger Panda.Feel the peculiarity of the tiger tooth panda. Nie looked away and ran straight up to the back of the hill.In the mountains behind the mountains, there is no one in the mountains. There are usually no one to come, and Nie is prepared to display the Tiger Panda's fighting skills here."Yeah!" Nie defied and swelled quickly. His body quickly expanded. He quickly merged with the Tiger Panda demon spirit. His muscles swelled and his body was covered with black and white hair. His limbs became extremely thick and strong. His fingers also grew. Sharp clawsThe whole body is full of energy that cannot be vented. Nie pats a big tree next to the palm of your hand.A tree that can only be held together by one person, crashes, crashes, and slams into the dust."Good strength!" Nie deviated from the eyebrows. The strength of this tiger toothed panda really exceeded his own imagination, coupled with Nie's understanding of the battle, not to mention the silver class, even if it was a gold class, Nie From the dare to fight with it! In addition to the attack, I do not know what combat skillsNie Li shouted violently and rushed, urging the tiger panda's strength and banging. The Tiger Panda’s panda formed a powerful gas field. It was about five meters in radius. Nie Li could control the weight of this five-meter radius.Very rare combat skills! Nie Chengli was ecstatic. I did not expect the tiger tooth panda to actually perform such a special combat technique. The gravity gas field is a battle technique that is very difficult to guard against. Getting this tiger tooth panda really makes a big profit! Nie Li continued to study the skills of tiger tooth pandas. Since Nie Li is completely ignorant of the tiger teeth panda spirit, many combat skills need to be developed. However, after the fusion with Tiger tooth pandas, Nie Li’s mind will flow through the brains of the Tiger Pandas from time to time. A memory, so the difficulty of developing new combat skills is much less"There is also a third combat skill!" Nie Li snarled like a wild beast and opened his mouth wildly. He saw a black, white, and two round ball of light that was spit out by Nie and the two balls were in the air. Go through the curved arc of the roundabout and fall on a clearingThe two round light balls exploded and a powerful force of terror swept out. The radius of ten meters was completely swept. Two huge pits were left on the ground. The hard rocks in the mud were rolled. CrushAt this point even Nie Li is also a bit dumbfounded, so powerful! Nie Li seems to have heard of such a combat technique, spurting out the vitality of the body and bombarding the enemy's body causing an explosion. However, ordinary explosions are all one, and Nie’s explosion of this vitality is a simultaneous ejection of two. One“For the time being, let's call it a dark and bright explosion!” Nie Li thought for a moment. This black and white two light ball is really amazing.Nie Li felt that this dark light could not be cast too many times, and that the power of the whole body would be exhausted five times.Gravity gas field with light dark explosion, is definitely a very powerful trick! Nie Li feels that this tiger toothed panda still has a lot of combat skills that have not been developed. I believe that in the future, as the strength of Nie Li and Hu Fang Panda continue to increase, more combat skills will be displayed! Although he had seen a lot of demon spirits, but the tiger tooth panda was integrated, Nie Li was still quite excited. Whether it was a shadow demon spirit or a tiger tooth panda, it was a god-level growth, and any one of them was enough to make the world crazy.Nie Li regained the tiger tooth panda in the sea of ​​souls. The tiger tooth panda is still only a bronze spirit. Nie Li constantly urges the soul to feed.At this time, Nie Li's soul, the tiger tooth panda kept slamming the surging soul power.The general practitioners are not willing to feed the demon spirit with a large amount of soul power. Although the demon spirit is an integral part of their strength, after all, the demon spirit can be replaced, and feeding the demon spirit is not as good as improving one's strength. Stronger demon spiritBut Nie Li’s idea is different. Whether it is a tiger tooth panda or a demon spirit, he is ready to cultivate.Constantly swallowing soul power, the tiger tooth panda's order continues to rise, booming, eventually breaking through to silver levelAfter reaching the silver level, the speed of the tiger tooth panda swallowing soul power has slowed down, and it is almost stable.The strength of the demon spirit is greatly related to the demon spirit master. When the demon spirit is equal to the demon spirit master, the growth will slow down. Only a few demon spirits can grow beyond the master.Tiger tooth panda belongs to the god-class growth demon spirit, the future strength exceeds Nie Li is a very normal thing, but this also needs Nie Li slowly to cultivate, in one breath is unable to eat fat, in such a short time feeds to the silver level already It's not easyAfter upgrading to the silver level, Nie Li shouted low and once again summoned the tiger tooth panda, attaching the tiger tooth panda to the body. Nie Lixiu suddenly increased sharply, and was stronger than before."Although it is still the silver level, but the general gold level demon psychic division should not be my opponent!" Nie Li smiled, God-level growth of the demon spirit, its strength is simply not ordinary people can imagine