When Nie was away from the frenzied cultivator and was ready to continue to tap the fighting skills of tiger tooth pandas, two figures swept away from the jungle in the distance.Hey, "huh?" Nie frowned slightly and stood looking in the distanceTwo figures fell, they were Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori."Who is it, who dares to be so guilty in the borders of Tianxie family?" Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori's eyes fall on Nie Li after the change. After Nie Zi urges the Tiger Panda Panda Spirit to merge, his body becomes much larger. The appearance has also undergone tremendous changes. The bare skin is covered with black and white hair. It is normal that both of them do not recognize Nie.It is both of them! Nie Li stood in the ground, slightly frowningAlthough the two brothers Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori had some holidays with themselves, they were all family affairs. After all, when they were fighting with the demon spirits in the past, they both died fighting heroically. So Nie wasn't ready to show them how they were.And Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori’s identity status in the family is completely inferior to that of Nie.Nie Li did not put Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori in mind.Nie Li's body shape rapidly shrinks and it becomes like"It's me!" Nie said lightly“Is it you?” Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori both looked at Nie Li awkwardly, and the shock in their hearts was indescribable. Just now that form was the state of Nie Li after the demon spirit was merged? They glanced at the terrible pits in the trees that fell to the ground and in the open ground. There was a deep reverence in the eyes.In their original impression, Nie Li was still a little kid who didn't even have a bronze star. I did not expect that Nie Li had already become a silver spirit teacher and looked to Nie Li in a short time. There was a flash of awe in their eyesIn this period of time, Nie Wei has lost the position of a great elders, and their status in the family is also plummeting.Although they are very dissatisfied with the current situation, they did not want to retaliate in the past.Although there are some contradictions between the various branches of the family, from the beginning of the creation of the Tian-trace family, it is absolutely forbidden to fight. The penalty for infighting is very serious.They are just annoyed and grieved.Moreover, Nie Li’s position in the Tian-tzu family is not what they can shake. In the past, they felt that Nie Hai’s family was blinded and they sheltered Nie Li, but as Nie Hai announced, the family recently assigned Dan. The medicine was Nie's departure. They were convinced.No matter who it is, making such a big contribution to the family is worthy of respect! Plus, now they discovered that Nie actually had silver-grade cultivation and looked at Nie Li.After being bothered by Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori, Nie Li did not continue to practice. He sorted out his clothes and turned to leave.After seeing Nie left, Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori also knew that Nie Li did not like anything about them. Nie had not taken the opportunity to deal with them after changing his status in the family.Looking at the back of Nie, Nie Xiaori hurriedly took a step and anxiously said: “Nie left, please wait!” “What happened?” Nie turned away and looked at Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori.Nie Xiaori flushed his face. After a long while, he said slyly, "I'm sorry, Nie, I'm sorry. We were wrong in the family before. We apologized to you!" Nie Xiaofeng also lowered his head: "No matter what you do, To retaliate against us, we all agreed!” Nie Xiaori and Nie Xiaofeng, although somewhat overbearing in their past lives, are still good people. They also came forward when the Tianjin family was in distress, so Nie Li has always been not embarrassed, but After hearing Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori both apologized to themselves, Nie Li was still very surprised. He smiled and waved: "I forgive you!" Heard Nie Li's words, Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori For a moment, they completely did not expect Nie to forgive them so easily, and his head could not turn completely.Nie said with a faint smile: "I'm not that badI heard that the owner did not give you the right medicine because of my scruples about what I thought of you. "Nie Li took some immortals from the space ring and moved his right hand to throw the immortality medicine to Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori. They were two of you. I'll give it to you!" After finishing talking, Nie left and walked slowly and left.Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori looked at the immortality in their hands and looked at the back of Nie Li. The nose was slightly sour.“We used to always look for Nie Li’s troubles, but did not expect Nie to leave such a big belly. Before we really shouldn’t!” Nie Xiaofeng reproached himself and looked at the back of Nie Li’s heart."Yeah, compared with Nie Liyi, we really have a worry in our hearts!" Nie Xiaori also bowed his head down. "My brother, Nie is a large number of adults, and he doesn't care about us. He also sent us the drug, but we My heart is still not going"Nie Xiaofeng and Nie Xiaori are still very young. They have a bit of arrogance in their hearts, but their nature is not bad. This time they made up their mind to apologize to Nie, but they did not expect Nie to be so forgiving. They were full of envy about Nie Li." If Nie Li later asked them to do something, they are absolutely obligedApproaching the night, Nie Li practiced in his own courtyard. From time to time, the nightmare monster pots spread out the waves of pure soul power. Nie Li constantly absorbed soul power and used these souls for his own use.Nie Li feels that his own soul power has been greatly improvedWhen Nie Li concentrated on cultivation, the door to the other house was ringing."Please come in!" Nie Li did not stand up and said loudly.After a moment, the door of the other courtyard was opened, and several people hurried in. The lead was Nie Hai, followed by elders such as Nie En and Nie Li’s father, Nie Ming, and uncle Nie Kai.Nie Yi looked at the people with a slightly disagreeable look and wondered: "What happened? How come so many people come?" The owner came and Nie did not even stand up to meet, but asked in such a big deal. Nie Ming and Nie Kai could not help but feel nervous. They glanced at Nie Hai in a worried manner and found Nie Hai not having a trace of anger. They breathed a sigh of relief in their hearts. They secretly thought, and they must be educated after returning. Nie Li, although Nie Li has a high status in the Tian Gen family, he can’t be arrogant and proud. He must maintain humility.If it was still the little child, Nie Li would certainly respect Nie Haibi, but now Nie Li, even if the legendary spirit spirits stand in front of him, his heart will not have much respect.In this world, he wants to become a saint of the Terran, competes with the Holy Emperor, and helps the City of Glory out of the predicament. Now it is only his first step.Nie's knowledge is enough to overlook anyone in the shining city! Read3();read4();