Several elders took a look at each other. Nie Li was also a bit too bold. He did not look at the way the owner looked at his eyes. However, Nie Hai and Nie Nen both felt nothing. They were not good enough to accuse Nie Li.Moreover, the owner has just told him that after the Tianji family, Nie Li is equal to him! This order made the elders very puzzling, but since the family has so commanded, they can only perform“I just got news that the sacred families invited some families of the City of Glory to participate in the genius war of the younger generation and sent an invitation for us to the Ye Family. Do we want to participate?” Nie Hai asked Nie Li to see this young man. A generation of genius fights will be held every few years by some of the top three families and at least one third of the families will be invited to participate.If it is just an ordinary genius war, then there is nothing to do. Nie Hai is worried that the sacred family is uneasy and good-natured."Of course we have to participate. Why don't you join? Let's send a letter to the Alchemists Association. Let them also watch the game!" Nie Li said calmly, the sacred family had sent invitations to Tianxin family. How could they not attend? Hearing Nie Li, the elders looked at each other with a slightly distasteful look at Nie Li. The Association of Alchemists can only be called if they want to be called. The reaction to the other elders is different. Nie Hai and Nie Zhen feel right away“That would bother you to write a letter to Yang Lithong!” Nie Hai said with a smile. He waited for Nie to leave this sentence. If the Alchemists Association also sends people, the sacred family will certainly be jealous."This time the genius war, you can send three places, Nie Li, do you want to play it?" Nie En asked Nie to ask, he knows Nie Li's strength has reached silver level, and has already merged the demon spirit."Of course I'm going to play!" Nie nodded calmly. He just merged the tiger tooth panda, and he tested the power of the tiger tooth panda through actual combat.With the previous agreement with Shen Fei, how could Nie Li not play on the court?When Nie Hai and Nie En both spoke to Nie Li, they all used the tone of solicitation. This made the elders very unaccustomed, but when they thought that Nie had contributed so much to the family, they would have relieved.One thing that I understand in my heart is that Nie Li’s status in the family is completely different from that of the past.In addition to Nie Li, the other two people who played were Nie Xiaofeng and a family brother named Nie Yu. They were both silver and silver stars.Twenty-year-old silver two-star demon psychiatrist, have been very good, although their demon spirit strength is not howAfter all, it was the genius of his own family. Nie Li was not stingy, and Nie Hai gave them two silver spirits of outstanding growth."This test will be held only half a month before, Nie Li, and you are ready to prepare! We have received news that we have heard that the sacred families are participating in at least silver five-star level!" Nie Hai thought of this, his heart was sinking. Says they also need to guard against the sacred family's black hands in the genius war."Oh!" Nie answered with a touch of silence, but it was very easySacred family under the black hand? Nie Licai did not worry. What intrigues could escape his eyes? Next, Nie Hai, Nie En, Nie Ming, and others discussed with Nie Li about the development of Tian Gen’s family, including spending some money to hire a large number of civilian masters to expand family strength, etc.Tianxie family is also beneficial to Nie Li."Nothing else is wrong. I can contribute 100 million demon money to the family to do this thing. But be careful when recruiting people. Don't bring in the sacred family and the dark guilds!" a momentContribution 100 million demon soul money? Nie Ming, Nie Kai, and a group of elders who nearly lost their eyeballs, but it is 100 million demon soul money, Nie left even so easy to say! How many things a hundred million demon money can do, afraid to hire a hundred gold master no problem! Nie Hai and Nie En were rather calm and calm, but they clearly knew that Nie Li’s wealth was just astonishing, and that 100 million demon spirits were nothing more than a blessing! There are 100 million demon spirits, and the power of Tian-trace family can be expanded several times! All the elders realized that Nie Hai put Nie Li on the same footing as he did, and they were dissatisfied with Nie's disgrace, and they all disappeared.Tianxie family is their root. As long as it is beneficial to the family, they all support it. The tribe who contributed to the family should be respected by all! Even if the tribal people with lower status, if they can contribute 100 million demon money to the family, they will also provide each other with it! After several hours of discussion, Nie Hai and others began to implement plans to send people to the Society of Spiritual Wizards and the Military Association to recruit masters.Unlike the Association of Alchemists, the Phantom Masters Association and the Armed Forces Association are not a big force. They are only responsible for registering all the civilian spirits and martial artists. Generally, the common spirit demon slayer and the military will be recruited by various families so that they can obtain it. More cultivating resources and a stable income support their families. As a family, the recruitment of civilian spirits and martial artists can greatly enhance their power.Each family will maintain a certain family guarding power. Ye Jia, who had already given up the family guardian corps due to lack of funds, can now be re-recruited.In addition to the 100 million demon spirit coins, Nie also took out a number of powerful exercises to contribute to the family, and all ethnic groups can practice to enhance the family's strength.At this time, the sacred familyShen Ming, a deacon of the sacred family, is dealing with the various affairs of the family. At this moment, three young people came in. The leader is Shen Fei. The two people behind Shen Fei look like they are in their twenties. Cold"Deacon elders!" Shen Fei slightly hands over"See deacon elders!" The two young people behind Shen Fei bent over the deacon, the elders Shen Shen. Both of them were descendants of the sacred family's affiliated branch. Their status was far less than Shen Fei's, although Xiu was better than Shen Fei. To be strong, but much more humable than Shen Fei"Ah!" Shen Ming nodded slightly, his heart sighed slightly, Shen Fei's talent is still good, and now has reached the silver Samsung demon psychic teacher, but with the two subsidiary branches of Shen Ning, Shen Xiaoyi There are too many, and the younger age, Shen Ning, who is only 20 years old, has reached the realm of silver five-star demon psychic masters. Shen Xiao, 23 years old, is already a golden demon psychic teacher.The master's master talent is not as good as the branch's youth. This was something that had not happened before in previous generations.“Master Shen Fei, are you sure you want to participate in the genius war?” Shen Ming asked respectfully.“Are you sure that the Nien family of Tianxie will participate in the test?” Shen Fei looked at Shen Ming. His eyebrows picked up slightly. Because of Xiao Lian'er's things, his heart was full of resentment at Nie Li, when he heard about Tian Ji. The family must also participate in this genius war. Although the strength is still not enough, he still takes the initiative to participate in the genius war.“We have received a reply from the Tian-trace family and it has been determined that the Tian-trace family will participate in the war! That Nie Li should also participate!” Shen Ming slightly bowed“In that case, I must participate in the war. I must put the kid under his feet and humiliate him!” Shen Fei said coldly, thinking of Xiao Lian’er, Shen Fei’s inner heart was full of vicious Resentment