Shen Ming slightly daggers, this Nie from the exposing of the sacred family Chiyan Yanming Mingwen is a plagiarism, so that the reputation of the sacred family has been a great loss, is a lesson to be learned.This genius war is led by the sacred family. The family of empty meditation and wind and snow won't come. There are two people, Shen Ning and Shen Xiao. They are almost stable, plus a Shen Fei.“This genius warfare is related to the face of our sacred family. For this reason, we will also open a handicap gambling house where all family owners will bet"Shen Ming relented." This matter is of great importance, and it must not be a bit of a mistake.Otherwise, the owner will be leaving the country soon. You two know the consequences! "Shen Ming's eyes swept over Shen Ning and Shen Xiao. It's okay for Shen Fei to play. However, if Shen Ning and Shen Xiao both have problems, they will be severely punished."Shen Ning and Shen Xiao both expressed their convictions and hurriedly answered: “Yes, deacon elders, we will do our best!” Shen Fei's proud eyes swept over Shen Ning and Shen Xiao, although Shen Ning and Shen Xiao The two were dissatisfied with Shen Fei, but they were a sideline of the sacred family. They were angry at Shen Fei and could not speak.Obviously their cultivation is much stronger than Shen Fei, but they have been treated so unfairly. How do they balance their hearts? “Recently, with the shelter of the Association of Alchemists, the Tian-tzu family did not put us in the eyes of the family and waited for the owners to leave the house. Sooner or later, they would make them look good!” Shen Ming thought, the repair of the divine family owner Shen Hong was already Reached the black gold demon spirit master peak, do not know whether this can succeed the Jin Dynasty legendOnce Shen Hong succeeded in the advancement of the legend, the status of the sacred family in the city of glory was instantly different. It could even influence the decisions of the City of Glory. Even the city owner had to take into account the views of the sacred family.When did Tianxie family want to pull out the waves? "I heard that Tianxin family recently recruited civilian masters in Daxie and spent tens of millions of demon money. I don't know where the money came from. It seems that the Association of Alchemists can't escape! The Association of Alchemists is this. Are you prepared to make up your mind to cultivate Tianxue family?” Shen Ming secretly thought that the Association of Alchemists has often been paired with the sacred family and sheltered Tianxue's family, and is still secretly exploring the sacred family. Is it what the Association of Alchemists discovered? The activities between the Holy Family and the Dark Society cannot be exposed! Shen Ming was very careful in doing things. She was not caught up in the association of the Alchemists, and these things had to be reported to the owner after the owner left home.Regardless of whether or not the Tianxue family is sheltered by the Association of Alchemists, this time they must strike well and beat Tianxen's family. Otherwise, what is the prestige of the Holy Family? Tianxue Family DomainNie Li has been obsessed with refusal, while continuing to merge the spirits of the acquisition, to Ye Zixun's fusion of a god-level growth of snow snow demon spirit, to Xiao Lian-er blended out of a god-class growth of the wind demon demon Spirits, in addition to the three demon spirits of God-level growth, are the demon spirits of the line of God, the Holy Fire, and the Holy Line of healing. This is for Wei Nan, Zhu Xiangjun, and Zhang Ming.Although the purchase of the demon spirit, the nightmare pot, and the contributing family cost a lot of money, the money that Nie left is still increasing. It has reached an astonishing amount of more than two billion demon coins. Over time, this Money will continue to increase. Nie Li has a dilemma that money will not be spent.Tianxue family treasure houseIn the recent period of time, Nie Li has been blending demon spirits and promoting cultivation. There is no chance to enter the family treasure family of Tian-trace family. Until now, finally under the leadership of Nie Hai, he has entered the secret passage behind the house of the deceased and passed through layers of defense. After that, they came to the family treasure house of Tianxue.Tianxue family treasure houseNie Hai was slightly embarrassed and pointed to the stone room in front of him: “This is the family treasure house of the Tian-trace family!” Hearing Nie Hai’s words, Nie Li’s eyes swept across the stone chamber, and the walls of the stone room were covered with Thousands of hooks, but only one or two hundred things were hung from above. Nie Li looked at Nie Hai weirdly, and said mercilessly: “Do you know that this is the family treasure house of the Tian-trace family?” Of course!” Nie Hai’s cheeks were slightly hot and nodded."Tianxue's family treasure house is only such a thing?" Nie Li looked up and down Nie Hai from top to bottom, and said, "Homeowner, this treasure house, which will not be emptied of you, right?" "Where there is Things!” Nie Hai suddenly blushed and said, “Everything in this treasure chest is registered. To get something from the inside, you have to agree with all the elders of the family.In the past few years, we have been struggling with family days. In order to ensure the development of the family, we have to pick out some treasures from them and sell them for change. This will keep the Tianxue family up to the present! "" I just casually talk about what the owner of an adult is so excited about doing? Nie Li shrugged and walked straight aheadLooking at Nie's back, Nie Hai gave a glimpse of what the little guy's brain was like. It was almost no different from an adult. He actually played him around. Nie Hai’s heart could not help but feel a sense of powerlessness."The treasures we sell are all available on the market. There are some things in the family treasure house. We don't know what they are used for and we don't dare to sell them!" Nie Hai said, they still have some visions."It is estimated that these treasures that do not know what use can not sell anything?" Nie dimly glanced at Nie Hai"You ... I say small away ah, can you give me some face ah! Now we only have two people even when there are outsiders ... After all, I am the head of the family!" Nie Hai heart depressed, ah, he As the head of the family, he was left untouched by Nie Lie, but he couldn't get angry with Nie Li. Because now the rise of the Tian-tzu family, he must count on Nie to leave! "That's of course. When someone is outside, I will give you face.Nie left to nodHearing Nie Li's words, Nie Hai smiled slightly and smiled. With Nie's words in mind, when no one is outside, Nie Li will not have to face him! Nie looked at the various treasures hung on the wall, and his heart was slightly shy. Although Tian Teng’s family had gone down, but after all it was a large family inherited from the days of the snow storm, still has some treasures.The vast majority of Nie Hai’s treasures that call for a name to know what use have been sold, but in fact, these are the only real good things."I don't even know what they are doing and how they are capable of doing this treasure!" Nie Hai looked at these treasures and said with a smile.Nie Hai has not seen these treasures. Normally, most of these treasures are things before the holy empire. Ninety-one percent of them can be named and they know their use. The remaining 10 percent are Nie Li does not know what they are used for!