Nie Li's eyes fell on one of the treasures『 ≤ Top ≤ ≤ 『 『 ≤, this piece of treasure is a pair of punches. It looks a bit worn out. The light is dark and covered with dust. The end of the punch is full of rusty rust.“The boxing thorn? Did not expect to find a soul soldier actually here, fortunately, thanks to the ancestors of Tianji’s ancestors!” Nie couldn't help but secretly thought that he had taken the pair of fists from the hook. Down"Do you want this thing?" Nie Hai looked at Nie away from his tattered fist and took a look at God."Yeah!" Nie left her headThis pair of punches he wanted to deal with very early, but because the appearance is too dilapidated, can not tell what power in the end, no one took over, simply still keep, the family treasure house has been empty, and at least able to fill the family treasure houseIn Nie Hai's view, there are only one or two valuable treasures in the family treasure house. Why did Nie Li choose only this punch? Nie Li put this pair of stabs into the space ring and continued to look at the family treasure house. Although there are several things that are still good, Nie Li did not take the ** because he did not help him to improve his strength. This pair of punches is a worthwhile trip. His eyes finally fall on the last two things.One of them is a drawing on which a variety of imprints and compositions of certain objects are displayed.Seeing that Nie Li has been staring at this drawing, Nie Hai explained: “This drawing, which I don’t know is something, we’ve never seen anyone in Tianxie build it! This composition is like a bird.After Nie had looked at the drawings for a while, he had already thought of it again. This was a masterpiece of the Dark Masters, called Lingbi.This is a bird coffin. From the early days of the Holy Age of Empires, there were some dark demon spirits on the mainland. They were a group of strange and mysterious existences. They often did very evil things, such as the spirits.After they made the coffins, they forcibly sealed the souls of those who had just died into the coffins, and then they controlled the coffins with the chrysalis and let the coffin be driven by them.Later, after the establishment of the Holy Empire, the mass expulsion of the Dark Spirit Master, like the drawings of the deities, was largely destroyed.Although this thing has flourished for some time, since the Holy Empire, these things have been very scarce. In addition to the dark times that have gone through the savage savagery, the drawings of the cemetery are rare and almost forgotten. The long river of historyI did not expect to find a drawing of a coffin in this place. If it was searched in the days of the Holy Empire, it would have been copied! "I'm going to do this too!" Nie Li put this drawing into the space ring, although he was not prepared to forcibly seal other people's souls into the coffin. After all, this kind of thing was too evil, but it was not Preventing Nie from wanting to study this techniqueNie Li took the drawings. Nie Hai did not have a dissenting opinion. After all, Nie Li gave so many immortals and evil spirits to Tian Gen’s family. They already accounted for a great deal of money. He was also obliged to take Nie away and took more pieces.Let's study the drawings later, Nie Jungcenti thinks, and continues to look at the next thing. It is a round bead. This bead is dark, crystal clear, shining with dark lustre. Feeling deep into the feelingThis bead is definitely not simple, but even Nie Li does not know its origins."I also got this!" Nie Didao"Others can, this bead..." Nie Hai has hesitated“How? Is there a problem?” Nie Li frowned slightly and asked Nie Hai."Not because of the value of the beads, but because the beads are the things left by the first generation of the family, they are very important for future generations. Therefore, they must be properly preserved.Nie Haidao“I’m also a descendant of the Tian-trace family, so I’m not having much problem with it! I’ll keep this bead safe. This is 200 million demon money, and Nie Hai’s family owners will add something to the family treasure house. The family treasure house is too shabby!” Nie left his right hand and took out a space ring and handed it to Nie Haidao.Nie is a move that Nie Hai really does not have a resistance. Ah, Nie Hai weighed a moment, looked at the space ring from Nie's hand, looked at the bead that didn't know what purpose, and smiled. "Ok"Nie away from the silver bullet offensive, it is terrible!" Well! "Nie left smiled. This time it was full of experience. The dark beads didn't know what it was, but it really shouldn't be anything. There were drawings of the technique of the spirit, and it was also good."In addition, just the soul soldier is not money that can be bought.Soul soldier this thing is especially useful with the demon spirit, the shadow demon demon spirit because of itself has the hooked claw, therefore does not need the boxing, but the tiger tooth panda is suitable to equip the boxing"Nie Hai's owner, I went back first!" Nie Li looked at Nie Haidao"Nice!" Nie Hai sent Nie Li all the way out. Now Nie Like is really a full-fledged family member. Just take out a piece of money and you can make the family's strength soar because Nie Li, the entire family of Tian Gen. It's not the same. Didn't he still treat Nie as a deity? It is estimated that if any family has Nie from such a junior, the owner will dream and laugh.Returning to his other homes, Nie Li took out the pair of boxers and the assassins. The pair of boxing stabs looked like a pile of scrap iron and iron. Nie lignozed and pushed the sea of ​​souls. Soul power surged out of the sea of ​​souls, rushing toward the pair of fists, and Nie kept using soul power to constantly smelt this pair of boxing souls.The rust on the boxing spears slowly faded, gradually giving off a dazzling brilliance, and eventually evoked the slightest resonance with the soul of Nie Li. I saw this boxing squadron constantly shaking and slowing. Slowly flew into the air, then slams and bursts openThe boxing spears were transformed into a shadow of light, a bang, and they entered the sea of ​​Nie's soul.The power of the soul soldier has a very close relationship with each person's soul power, and is generally higher than that of the soul power level. That is, Nie Li's soul power is a silver level, and this soul soldier has a gold level. Intensity, even the gold-class strong will be stabbed by this soulAfter Nie Li’s strength is promoted, the soul soldier will also follow Jin"The soul soldier is a masterpiece of the Thunderbolt Spirit Master in the later period of the Blizzard Age. Only they can create soul soldiers, but only a few Thunderbolt spirit masters can master the method of creating soul soldiers. Only a few Thunderbolt Spirit Masters are mastered by everyone. He can only have one soul soldier in his entire life. When the person is dead, the soul soldier is also extinguished. Therefore, there are very few soul soldiers that can pass down from that era. The gang of ignorant people actually use the soul soldier as an ordinary weapon. Fortunately, it was discovered by me. Otherwise, I don't know how long it will be to get a pearl!” Nie smiled and thought