"You don't get me wrong. I'm just treating you. I like Ye Zixi.Nice to meet you and hope that we can become friends in the future“Nie Li looked at Xiao condensate's touching cheek and explained thatAfter hearing Nie Li’s words, Xiao Ning'er shook her shoulders and nodded. He uttered a sound and said nothing.Nie left her finger in the bruises and slowly injected the soul into it."Ok"Xiao Ting'er can't help but give a shout"Your injury is not serious, but it has already reached the meridians. You are patient.Nie left the gentle way"Ok"Xiao Ding's head is lower, Qiaolian is faint, and it is charming.Nie Li saw the heart of a move, the past life Xiao Dinger really deserves to be the beauty with the purple, even though only 13 years old, but it has been so movingIn the past life, for these boys, whether they were Xiao Ning'er or Ye Zixuan, they were the goddesses that they looked up to. The elegance and nobleness of Ye Zixuan and the tenderness and charming of Xiao Ninger made them always the dreams of the boys. loverHowever, after Ye Zixie was owned, Nie Li no longer thought much about it. Now he only concentrates on helping Xiao Ning Er.Under Nie's careful massage, Xiao Lier could feel severe pain at the beginning. Later, a warm warm current followed the palm of Nie's hand and penetrated into her instep, which relieved her pain.The bruises have been going on for six or seven months. From time to time, the pain of cracks will be heard. Xiao Li's paternal patience is endured with tenacity and perseverance, but the kind of pain that afflicts her all the timeXiao Lier had thought that treating this bruising was a very painful and unpleasant thing. However, to his surprise, Nie Li's technique was very gentle. She quickly felt that she had suffered a lot of pain and relieved a lot.Xiao Ning can not help but tearful eyes, no one knows how hard the pain is, when the dead of night, she even secretly cry, but after the tears dry, she will still bite his teethUnexpectedly, after the bruising was massaged by Nie, she relieved a lot at a sudden time, which filled her with gratitude.The moonlight is bright and clean, and Nie Li’s cheeks are clearly defined. The earnest expression in Xiao Lian’er’s heart sets off a real embarrassment and it’s hard to calm down."All right"Nie left to stop and smiled slightly." In the next period of time, there may be a trace of pain, and there is no major problem in recuperation.""Ok"Shaolin nodded and nodded her head. Her cheeks rose again and said," I still have bruises. Can Nie leave you to help me? "" There is another? "Nie left a moment, think about it too, if Xiao Lianer's bruising has been on his feet, it is impossible for Xiao Xinger to stay sick for two years, so there should be a more serious one!" Where? " Xiao Ning Er is very struggling in his heart and is a bit shy."If it is inconvenient..." Nie separated from the road and saw Xiao Ninger's expression. Nie Li immediately realized that Xiao Ling's bruises on his body.“Nie Li, what do you like is Ye Ziyan?” “Yes"Nie left nodded and recalled all the past lives. He and Ye Ziyan experienced life and death and their hearts were filled with happiness."Reborn back, Nie Li will be guarding Ye Zixi.Xiao Lier's eyes flashed a glimmer of disappointment and he thought for a moment: “Do you love Ye Ziyan?” Ye Ziyan now, and she does not know anything about Nie Li’s.Nie laughed and shook his head. Immediately, she said, “She will love me!” Xiao Ninger looked at Nie Li and lost his laughter. The original Nie was still unrequited, and she did not know where Nie had lost confidence. Do you think that Ye Zizhi's arrogant women like him? It is not that Xiao Ninger thinks that Nie Yi is not worthy of Ye Zixuan's liking, but two people who do not understand each other, and the possibility of getting together is too small.Ye Zixuan still does not understand Nie Li. He certainly feels no respect for Nie Li. If one day, Ye Zixie understands Nie Li, he may even like Nie Li. Xiao Lier suddenly becomes a little uneasy again.In the eyes of others, Nie Li is an unaccomplished deaf child. Only Xiao Ning-er knows that Nie Li’s ability far exceeds the imagination of those people.Nie Li will definitely become a legendary demon psychic teacher like Ye Mo. Xiao Ning'er struggled with his heart and slowly picked up his clothesAfter seeing Xiao Lian-er's actions, Nie could not help but feel a bit embarrassed. He said, "You haven't hurt your lungs. Otherwise, I can't help.""Well, thank you Nie Li, not you for helping me. I really don't know what to do..." In the end, Xiao Lier's voice is already very light.Nie Yi thought for a certain purpose. He really could not care much about saving people for treatment. He couldn’t watch Xiao Liao's children take all hopes from the illness.Xiao Lun's pretty cheeks were slightly applied to the body, appearing pure and touching, and the eyebrows were still childish, but it will not take long before Xiao Ning'er will grow into a beautiful woman, charming and moving.Nie Lizheng gave him a look, his eyes fell on the ribs of Xiao Lian'er, and his bruises under the ribs were shocking. Although only the size of the thumb, the color was very deep.Nie Li is full of pity. How can such a pity young girl endure such severe pain? Nie Li put his hands on the bruises and injected a touch of soul into them to treat Xiao Liao'er.Silently, neither of them spoke, the forest was quiet and sereneXiao Ning'er feels the heat from Nie's palm. The soul slowly resolves her pain. Although she is very strong, but when she is not quiet at night, her heart is still lonely, especially experiencing unbearable. Painful, she longs for a trustBut in the family, regardless of her elder brother or father, she felt a deep apathy.Only Nie Li at the moment gave her a feeling she wanted to rely on.Nie Li’s sincere dedication and her helplessness in helping her to massage bruises, her earnest attitude has filled her with gratitude.After a moment, Nie Li uttered a long breath, showing a bright smile: "Well!" After Nie Li's hand was removed, Xiao Ning'er felt that the pain relieved a lot and had to admit that Nie Li's massage technique was very good. Amazingly, to relieve her pain all of a sudden eased a lot of her heart because of the pain, she relaxed a lot at once"thank you"Xiao Dinger said softly and bowed his head to tidy up his clothes."Nie Liping resumed his ups and downs, Zheng Zheng said: "Recently in recent days, you should be able to ease a lot. I will give you a massage every three days. You can use a few times to remove the root. Don't wait until you reach the bronze level. At night, you will cultivate soul power and absorb too many moonlight essences. If you can't reconcile, you will have serious consequences!"“Shaolin nodded and nodded. She no longer dared to practice indiscriminately. If she was not Nie Li, she could imagine how bad things would be in the future. Her previous efforts would go down the drain! He stood up and said, "I should go.""Oh"Although the heart could not tell what kind of emotion is in the end, Xiao Ning'er quickly nodded and said in silence for a moment." Nie Li, you helped me. If you need my help later, I will definitely go all out! "Looking at Xiao Lian's serious expression, Nie Lian smiled and nodded." Well, if I need help, I will find you! "In fact, Nie Li helped Xiao-Ling, just out of pity for Xiao Dinger, never thinking about what would be rewarded.Nie turned away and his back disappeared into the woods.Xiao Ning'er always looked at Nie and left and stood there for a long time. He felt a lot of relief from his body, and suddenly he was cheerful and happy.“Nie Li, what kind of person are you?” Xiao whispered, and with a bit of excitement, he turned to the exit of the test site.The night is cool, the moon is bright, and the night is sprinkled with a layer of gauzy veil