An elderly person with white hair is looking at the pretty and moving Xiao Xinger in front of him. This elderly person is the vice president of Shenglan College."Xiao Tinger, are you sure you want to enter heaven and earth?" Ye Sheng frowned a little. "You know, entering the heavens and holy lands is dangerous, we have several students entering the history of Shenglan College." After the days of heaven and earth, there are major problems in the soul."" Dean, do I qualify to enter heaven and earth? "Xiao Tinger looked up and looked at Ye Sheng. There was a firm flash of light in his eyes.""Of course, your talent is really enough. There is really a huge benefit before you go into the sky without silver." Ye Sheng nodded. He hadn't seen such talented students for many years."I'm sure I want to enter the heavenly paradise!" Xiao Geling nodded heavily and there was an unprecedented resoluteness in his eyes.“What about your father? Does he agree with your move?” “Yes!” Xiaoyin nodded. In fact, she was actually carrying her family."Well, in that case, then I will complete you!" Ye Sheng nodded, along with several of his mentors, walking with Xiao Ning'er to a very grand building behind the Holy Land Institute.Several teachers at Shenglan University looked at each other in disgust. To tell the truth, they admired the courage of Xiao Lian'er. They had the courage to break into the heavens and the heavens. Heavenly illusion was a very mysterious place. Only Shenglan University was the best. The genius can enter, enter the genius, there are a lot of problems in the soul power, and some get nothing out of it, only a few people through the heavens and the heavens, of course, all through the heavens and the heavens, eventually get The extremely strong inheritance has become a super strong, at least a black gold demon spirit master, and a Ye Mo, and even became a legendary demon spirit master.Days of fantasy is a legend. Once passed the examination of heaven and earth, that person will become the genius of the glorious city. This genius is protected by the landlord's office. The city owner will ensure the safety of this genius. There will be anyone who disturbs this genius of cultivation, but also has a lot of permissionsThe City of Glory was able to stand up to the threat of Wicked Animals. This was related to the genius of the City of Glory. It was the rise of these geniuses that ensured the safety of the City of Glory so that Glorious City protected the genius. It is very thoughtful and completeUnder the guidance of Ye Sheng and others, Xiao Ning'er walked toward the magnificent building in the distance. She lowered her head and flashed a trace of meditation in her eyes. I did not know how Nie had left.【Love to the novel network.】 "I will continue to chase you in the footsteps, and fight side by side with you, and one day, you will notice me!" Xiao condensate children murmured, his face flashed a touching Blush, she remembered all the encounters with Nie. Unconsciously, Nie Li’s figure could no longer be erased in her heart.Xiao Ning'er’s efforts are more than half of the reasons for getting Nie’s attention.Xiao Ting'er looked up and strode forward.A few days later, the City of Lights North War GroundBeiwuchang is a venue with a radius of several kilometers, surrounded by a high grandstand, enough to accommodate tens of thousands of people watching the game. There are some competitive contests from time to time. As the citizens of the shining city are martial, the residents who come to watch the battle here Still many, many people will participate in various battlesAt this time, people of all families have sat in various places of the martial arts field. The people in the Tian-trace family sit in a corner in the north, which is not far from the location of the sacred family.No one has ever taken care of such a declining familyBut now, no family will ignore Tianxie’s familyWhat is enviable and hateful is that Yang Xin, the director of the Association of Alchemists, also came with three elders from the Association of Alchemists. These people are sitting next to the Tianxue family and talking and laughing with the people in the Tianle family. This makes them full of bonfiresLike Yang Xin and elders of the Association of Alchemists, they usually desperately want to forgive. People don’t necessarily care about them. They never look at them directly. However, in these people of Tianchuang’s family, Yang’s attitude is simply Very polite“Nie left the younger brother, what pot of yours, almost killed Yang Sister, how are you going to apologize to your sister?” Yang Xin said with a glamorous look at Nie Li. Actually, the situation was not so serious. She wanted to assassinate her. Two or three times, she was taken care of by the security guards around her. There was no danger at all, but in front of Nie Li, she deliberately said it very seriously.Nie Li certainly knew that Yang Xin was thinking about something, but still smiled a bit: "This thing, I owe Yang sister a human feeling"" Know it! “Yang Xin smiled and smiled, and she stretched her soft waist slightly.” This is how the genius war hasn’t started yet. I’m a little bored. Does Nie still have to go with his younger brother? That sister, I must call! “The young children of several other families in the distance saw the bumpy and attractive Yang Xin. They all stared and kept their eyes open. They saw Yang Xin's stunning curves when he stretched his chest, and his full-fledged breasts could not be swallowed. There was a mouthful of saliva, and some people even unknowingly opened their minds in the brain.Although Yang Xin is unparalleled, but given Yang Xin's identity, there is no one who dares not to dare to come up and jokingly, joking, but the other side can be a sentence to a super-family of family fate? Who dares to make times? For those people's hot eyes, Yang Xin seems to be accustomed to it. If he is blind, his eyes will fall on Nie Li's body from time to time.When Nie Li and Yang Xin chatted, several people from the sacred family came over and led the sacred family deacon Shen Ming."Yang Lishi, long time no see, did not think that Yang Lishi actually also interested in the genius war of each family?" Shen Ming smiled, blinked a few taboos in the eyes, did not expect Tianran household so strong, the Association of Alchemists The trustee and the three elders gave the callAlthough the sacred family is one of the three great peak families, facing the huge superpowers of the Association of Alchemists, it also has deep taboos. Others don’t say that the sacred families purchase large quantities from the Association of Alchemists every year. If all kinds of immortality and alchemy associations reduce the share of the sacred family, the sacred family will be very sad."I have no interest in this genius war. I just came to visit my younger brother. Maybe I will call a few more. I heard that this year is a sacred family seat?" Yang Xin said with a smile.Nie left his brother? Shen Ming's eyes swept away on the face of Nie Li, and his heart secretly wondered what the relationship between Nie Li and Yang Xin was.“Yes, this year is indeed our sacred family squatter. Yang Xin is also interested in playing with the director.” Shen Ming’s face is slightly froze. Who does not know that the current association of alchemists is so rich that even a sacred family cannot easily afford it“I just played casually, only betting me to leave my younger brother, Shen Shen does not care, haha!” Yang Xin faint smileThe eyes of Nie Li looked toward Shen Ming and fell on Shen Fei next to Shen Ming. He saw the eyes of Shen Fei’s viper and he looked over at him.Wife’s hatred, Shen Fei now hates Nie to dieIf it weren’t for Nie Liyou and Yang Xin, he would like to come up and put Nie away from a violent meal."Haha, Shen Dazao, long time no see!" Nie Li completely ignored Shen Fei's vicious eyes and called Haha Road, as if he had no idea about the holidays.For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience