After seeing Nie Li’s look, Yang Xin understood something. There should be some contradictions between Nie Li and Shen Fei. Nie Li called her over. The purpose was very obvious. It was to fight the Holy Family.Hey, even if he knows that he will offend the sacred family, Yang Xin still does not hesitate to stand on the side of Nie. She can easily make a choice."Humph"Shen Fei gave a cold cry, did not care about Nie Li, and then let you stunned for a while, when the genius war, see how I play dead you!" Haha, Shen great little friendship! "Nie from a hearty smile," Dinger often told me about you, saying that Shen is a generous person! "After hearing Nie Li talked about Xiao Ning'er, Shen Fei was simply bombing. Nie Lie was simply not a pot. He seemed to feel that he had a green hat on top of his head."After seeing Shen Fei’s face grow into a liver color, Nie Li seems to be unaware of the general situation and continues to say, “Recently, the repair of Geling is really a spurt, and I’m going to step into silver soon. I helped her with a massage. Her cold had almost recovered, and Shen Dayao had to thank me for it!” Hearing Nie Li’s words, Shen Fei’s mind suddenly burst out with a few blemishes and almost blew out old blood.You know, until now Xiao Lianji has never touched him even with his little hand! "Nie's surname, mad at me, I want to kill you!" Shen Fei could not hold back, violent eyes, as the sacred family of family members, arrogant when he had such a humiliation? Shen Fei rushed out and punched out at Nie LiJust at this time, Yang Xin eyebrows a pick, cross in the middle of the two, although it is clear that Nie Li deliberately provoked Shen Fei, heart smile, but since Shen Fei is looking for the trouble of Nie, she naturally can not sit idlySeeing Nie Li deliberately angered Shen Fei, and let Yang Xin give it his head. Shen Ming was also slightly angry and quietly grabbed Shen Fei."Master Shen Fei, don't be impulsive!" Shen Ming said with a smile. "The genius war is about to begin. I'm sure the Nie family will definitely send someone out. Isn't it a good time to show up again? No need to hurt here. Swiftly!” Shen Fei’s chest kept rolling up and down, forcibly pressing down on his heart’s anger, and slyly glanced at Nie Li. He could see that Nie had been sheltered by the Association of Alchemists, so there was no fear that he could not be here. Nie Li, and when the genius war started, he again took a hard lesson to Nie Li.If Nie can't leave the game, then they will make a half-death to the people who died in the Tian-trace family and watch Nie leave without leaving! Shen Fei took a deep breath and stood stillAt this moment, Nie said, “I’m not salty, I'm not salty:” I’ll wait for a genius fight, but I’m not interested. If I don’t play a bet, I’m not going off.""Oh? "Shen Ming looked at Nie away lightly and asked," Do you not know what kind of betting the little brother wants? "" This genius warfare for me to sit well, how many sacred family to bet I have to pick up, if the stakes under the sacred family is too small, then I will not play! "Nie seems very casual"For you to sit in the village, do you have so much money?" Shen Ming eyebrows a pick, this bet once the opening, the two sides have to come up with the same money, by the winner to take away all, "I worry about Tianxue family can not afford ""Yang sister is in, the sacred family is still worried that I can not afford it?" Nie smiled slightlyThe next to Yang Xin was seen. The reason why Nie Li angered Shen Fei and provoked the sacred family was to allow the sacred family to get in and play with him. It seemed that Nie had the confidence to win Shen Fei."If Nie cannot afford his younger brother, I would like to help him!" Yang Xin smiled."Since Yang Lishi said so, then we have a good timeThe match between Master Shen Fei and the younger friend of Nie from the Master, I bet Shen Fei Young Master to win, bet 50 million demon soul money, dare to dare to answer? "Shen Ming's eyelids were slightly slim and looked at Nie Li.Shen Fei is also staring at Nie Li"50 million demon spirit?" Nie Lie suddenly opened his eyes"How, afraid?” Shen Fei snorted, bet 50 million demon coins at a time, still scared you silly? "I said, 50 million demon soul money you also have the nerve to play? Such a big sacred family, actually just under such a bet!" Nie looked puzzled to see Yang Xin, "Yang sister, the sacred family so poor ah? Only fifty million demon soul money, to buy candy for children, right?” See Nie away from that expression, Yang Xin heart laughed, Nie from this kid is simply a bad stomach, is tempting the sacred family hook it, she shakes Shaking his head, serious seriousness: "Nie Li, already a lot""No way? So cold? What's the power of this? "Nie Li took out a demon crystal card. There were twenty or thirty pictures. He threw himself to the stands and immediately made a commotion in the stands. Hundreds of thousands of demon spirit coins were thrown away, Nie Li. It seems very arrogant. "Since the sacred family is so poor, I just barely play with you. If I win 50 million, I'll give it to the audience in the stands. It doesn't mean anything. When it is throwing a little pocket money“When you hear Nie Li’s words, Shen Ming and Shen Fei’s faces are all angry.Nie is also too mad to be too mad, and 50 million demon money is not a small number. Generally, the wealthy family simply cannot afford to spend so much money. Like a sacred family, this kind of pinnacle family can come up with so much money, of course. The Association of Alchemists cannot be compared. Today's Association of Alchemists is too rich and much richer than the City of Lords."Five million, actually eager to say export!" Nie Li was very disgusted with a laugh.Shen Ming took a deep breath. He was still quite calm. Nie was so irritated by Shen Fei that it must have certain certainty. The first to place a bet of 50 million is also okay. There are many opportunities to bet anyway. Nie Li's strength to say! "The first one will play 50 million first! Then it's time to see if the son is willing to continue playing."Shen Ming faintly laughed, even if Nie had won Shen Fei with confidence, but there are still two people behind the sacred family. It is obviously much more reliable to bet on those two people.""Also, as long as the sacred family wants to play, then I will escort to the end. I will sit in the sacred family. No matter how many bets I follow, I will escort to the end!" Nie Li said proudly.Seeing Nie away from the arrogant look, Shen Ming sneered with a cry, but his mouth was complimented: "The little son of Tianxie is so refreshing, I do not know who this bet is notarized?" Shen Ming glanced Yang Xin, said, "I'm afraid I can't believe it!" "This bet is notarized by all the family present!" said Nie Li."Good!" Shen Ming is also refreshing authenticUnder the conscious efforts of the Holy Family and the Tian Trace family, the stakes of the two sides quickly spread, and the people in the entire battleground were boiling up. All the family's family leaders were invited to be the witnesses of this contest."What happened to Tianxin family actually gambling with the sacred family?" "You don't know, the Tian-trace family is now covered by the Association of Alchemists. It is very rich and looks like it's on a sacred family."" Will this be the wrestling between the two giants of the Holy Family and the Alchemist Association? "" Who knows? The owners quietly discussedu