Everyone’s attention has been removed from the genius war of each family, focusing on the contest between the sacred family and the Tianle family.△ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢"Listen to the Tenth Family and the Holy Family with 50 Million Spirit Dollars as a Bet"" 50 million demon soul money, really only the sacred family and the Association of Alchemists can afford, a Tianxue family is absolutely not dare to play so! There is no association of the Alchemists Association. It is estimated that the Tian-trace family cannot dare to play! "The gambling between the two great families makes the whole battleground boiling.In addition to gambling with Nie, the sacred family also opened a bet with a bet and bet on Nie Liying to win 1 pay 1.5, betting Shen Fei win 1 payout 1. Betting on Shen Fei's move to defeat Nie Li 1 pay 1.9... ... Nie looked away. The odds of betting on this game from Nie Yi won Shen Fei’s odds were up to 1"It's a pity that only one bet can only reach six million magic coins. If there is no limit, you have to lose the sacred people's pants!" Nie kept secretly thinking, playing with you first in the first set. Next, play with you again.Nie Lirang and Nie Hai and others quietly sent people to bet and spread some, not too noticeable, and took almost 30 million demon spirits on Nie Li. Part of this was betting on Nie Li’s 20 strokes. Beat Shen Fei inside, the odds are a lose threeIn the cheers of countless crowds in the auditorium, both sides are ready to go off.Nie Hai, Nie En and others from Tianxin’s family are all excitedYang Yan looked at Nie Li and his mouth smiled a faint smile. She had a feeling that Shen Fei would lose badly.Shen Ming et al. returned to the auditorium of the Holy Family and took a look at Shen Fei: "The genius war does not allow the use of armor and the like. However, you can use immortality. You must take two demon spirits to strengthen Dan, and prepare for it from time to time. Need!" The spirit of the spirit is to strengthen the Dan is the Association of Alchemists produced specifically responsible for the supply of a few peak family, generally only in the war with the monster, will be used, this general genius war who will use such an expensive medicine? But with Nie Li gambling fifty million demon soul money, a demon spirit to strengthen the more than one hundred million demon spirit money, absolutely cost-effectiveThe spirit of the demon spirit can greatly enhance the power of the demon spirit, but there is a certain after-effects, causing permanent damage to the demon spirit, but not much harm to the practitioner himselfThis is nothing to the Holy Family. Even if Shen Fei's demon spirit is abolished, the Holy Family can immediately give Shen Fei a stronger demon spirit."In addition, we must defeat Nie Li after 20 strokes, so that we can earn!" Shen Ming looked to Shen Feidao"Surely you must win him after 20 strokes. It's really cheap!" Shen Fei flashed a hint of gloom."Master Shen Fei not to disobey the enemy!" Shen Ming cares for Shen Feidao"I understand!" Shen flew his head, but his heart was still a bit disdain.All families have completed betting, and most people are betting on Shenfei. Many people also bet on Shen Fei’s 20 strokes to defeat Nie Li, but there are also a lot of bets on Nie Wei. After all, the Alchemist Association will not Sending 50 million to the sacred family, watching Nie Li and Shen Fei, the whole arena is boiling, everyone is shouting“Master Shen Fei, defeated the Nie Li family of Tianxie!” “Master Shen Fei refuels!” “Nie left to refuel and defeat the sacred family, you can!” The cry of the field was louder than a wave, Shen Fei won. Nie Li, they have earned moneyIn the eyes of many people, Nie Li and Shen Fei stood on the battlefield"I will make you lose badly, and I will not easily let go of yours"Shen Fei's face shows a glimmer of grim smile, he must thoroughly play Niu Nie, who let Nie touch his woman!" Shen Da Shao's words, it is a great praise to me, so I will go back Will be conveyed to Gelinger! "Nie still looks like smilingAfter seeing Nie Li’s appearance, Shen Fei hated the fury and angered him back. He remembered Shen Ming’s words and wanted to get Nie away after 20 strokes.Shen Fei uttered a scream of anger and revealed a fierce warfare. He flew his fist and moved away from Nie. In the face of opponents such as Nie, he was not prepared to use the demon spirit from the beginning, because once the demon spirit was used Nie I'm afraid I can't even get a handle with it.Do not control to win after 20 strokes.Seeing this scene, Nie Li suddenly turned slightly up at the corner of his mouth, and knew that this stupid man did not summon the demon spirit, so I took a bet to kill him! "It's really silent. I wanted to hold a package and I barely won over you. Now it seems completely unnecessary!" Nie thought secretly, and the sea of ​​soul suddenly fluctuates. "Come out, Tiger Panda!" Huge tiger tooth panda emerges out of thin air and merges with Nie away. The muscles in the body become extremely strongShen Fei waved his fist and rushed over to Nie. He thought that Nie would first use strength to confront him with a few strokes. It did not happen that Nie had summoned the demon spirit without knowing it. The speed of summoning the demon spirit is so fast that the integration with the demon spirit is completed in a moment, making him have no time to react. It is too late to summon the demon spirit.What is the use of such a low-level tiger tooth panda demon spirit? Shen Fei still has absolute confidence in his own strength. After losing the tiger tooth panda with Nie Li, he will retreat immediately and summon the demon spirit.Actually there will be a dumbfounded tiger tiger panda that is an inferior demon spirit. Like tiger tooth panda, this kind of garbage demon spirit, Shen Fei is completely dismissive.What if you summon the demon spirit? This rubbish spirit like tiger tooth panda can't be my opponent! Shen Fei's lips showed a cold smile. He wanted to put Nie Liyu on the ground, and then he stepped on his feet to resolve his hatred! Seeing Shen Fei’s fists falling on his own body, Nie Li’s smile after the fusion with the tiger tooth panda swept his giant palm and slapd his head towards Shen Fei’s head.Nie Li's tiger toothed panda patted Shen Fei's face and Shen Fei was heavily photographed on the ground of the martial arts ground. The ground seemed to have cracked the track and traced this slap. Shen Fei was definitely not GoodShen Fei did not expect that the strength of Nie from this boxing actually reached such an astonishing degree! Although Nie Li is a Tiger Panda, it is not an ordinary demon spirit. Instead, it is a mad fighting spirit with God-level growth. It has terrible power that is incompatible with its appearance.It is estimated that Shen Fei was also shot. On the one hand, Nie Li was too shameless, but he suddenly merged with the demon spirit. He fought with him who did not merge with the demon spirit. On the other hand, he did not expect that the low-level tiger tooth panda that Nie had called out was actually so The power of terrorShen Fei's ears are still loud, but his head directly hits the ground. Even if his martial arts cultivation is still OK, it's very uncomfortable to punch this punch, and his head is almost burst."Rely on, Shen Da Shao will not be the release of the water? Actually do not need to fight the demon? "" That Nie also too shameless it, actually did not summon the demon spirit, Shen did not summon the demon spirit! It's too mean and shameless!" The ones who bet Shen Fei won all broke away.In their opinion, if Shen Fei leans against the enemy, and Nie suddenly summons the demon spirit from shameless shamelessly, Shen Fei will not suffer so easily! Just a fight, Shen Fei ate a dark loss, and the people of the Holy Family blew up! "Despoiled!" "The people in Tian-trace are too mean!"As for betting on Nie Li, of course, standing on Nie Li's side, and seeing Nie's slap in the palm to take Shen Fei to the ground, he will be happy all of a sudden.It seems that Nie may not win Shen Fei! "What's wrong with Nie from doing this? The soldiers are not fooled! It's so stupid that Shen Xiaozao is so foolish that he can be used as a deprecating foe to fight strange spirits. Can you blame other people?" Shameless, but naturally they will not be weak."The eyes of your sacred family are higher than those of a sacred family. As a demon teacher, you don't actually summon the demon spirit and use your fist to rush up. Isn't it a silly thing?" Various voices have come and gone.However, after a short period of boiling, the entire battleground was silent and they only responded! "Grass, what do I see?" "Is it really a tiger tooth panda? I wiped it, and someone actually used a tiger tooth panda like that." "The Tianxue family has no money, and it doesn't give a younger generation tiger tooth panda." ""What can Tiger Panda do? When it comes to other demon spirits, isn't it being chopped?" "It's estimated that Shen Dazao will be taken up for a little cheaper price, and so on. ” Those who gambling on Shen Fei’s win revived one by one."Grass, actually take a tiger tooth panda out of shame, kill this son!" Nie Hai, Nie En, and other people of the family of Tianxian one by one have widened their eyes, especially Nie Hai, Nie En two, They purchased a lot of demon spirits during this time. There are a lot of demon spirits that are much stronger than tiger-fangs. Why did Nie Li choose a tiger tooth panda with such a waste? This is simply not true! Not only Tiantian family, Yang Xin is also very surprised, how much money Nie Li now knows, Yang Xin knows that it is crystal clear to Nie Li’s financial power to buy a demon spirit is not simple, but Nie Li actually chose a Tiger tooth panda? Really make people wonder! However, what they did not know was that the tiger toothed panda that Nie Li had merged with was not a tiger tooth panda but a super demon spirit with God-level growth! Although Nie Li made up a small amount of money in the hands of the first round, but 90% of the people in the martial arts were not optimistic about Nie Li. They were all eyes widened and they were prepared to see how Shen Fei summoned the demon spirit. from!