The various shouts in the entire battleground continued one after anotherAt this time, in the middle of the martial arts field, Shen Fei’s head, which was shot by Nie Liyi and slapped seven goals, was slightly awake and he struggled to get up. At this time Shen Fei was angry and he did not have a war to summon the demon spirit. It was because of the inspiration from the elders Shen Ming and Ming, that they would win the Nie away after 20 strokes. How could they know that Nie was so shameless and suddenly summoned the demon spirit? Inexplicably eating a boring loss, Shen Feifei had to blow up, and he completely confessed to Shen Ming, the elders gave him something that went beyond the clouds."This is what you're looking for. I'm going to kill you!" Shen Fei roared loudly, the sea of ​​souls kept shaking, and an atmosphere of spirits emerged through the body.Shen Fei's fusion is a powerful red-black tiger demon spirit. The red-flaming black tiger is a very terrible beast. This demon spirit is a sacred family owner who has personally hunted it and is a black and gold star. , is very powerful, enough to make Shen Fei's strength soared several times! "Shen Dahao finally used the demon spirit...""This breath ... ..." "Scorpio, too amazing, actually is a red-flame black tiger!" Chiyan black tiger Tiger Panda? This effect can be easily imagined. Almost everyone feels that the tiger tooth panda will definitely be killed! The scent of Shen Fei’s body has become increasingly fierce.Nie Hai, Nie En, and others are a bit uncomfortable. To Nie Li's tiger tooth panda demon spirit, it is impossible to confront the Chiyan black tiger.In this battle, the strength difference is too great! "What to do, let's let Xiaoshui lose it!" The people who bet on Shen Fei’s win won't stop crying and cheering for Shen Fei. In their opinion, Shen Fei must have been interested in this battle! But then, all the sounds came to an endAs Shen Fei triggered the soul sea in the body and was about to summon the demon spirit at the crucial moment, Nie left a few steps forward and took a slap toward the back of Shen Fei’s head.Shen Fei, who was about to integrate the demon spirit, was once again heavily photographed on the ground. There was a deep pit on the ground. The process of Shen Fei's fusion came to an abrupt end. The furious atmosphere ceased.Shen Fei at this time was simply miserable. The face that was originally handsome was simply flattened and stuck tightly to the ground.The culprit of all this is Nie Li’s light movement.Nie Hai, Nie En, Yang Xin, and others are also silly"Despite, too shameless!" Nie Hai, Nie En and others old faces are hot, there is almost an impulse to hide their faces, this goods really is Tianxie family? This ... ... Tianxue family lineage, actually nurtured such a shameless younger generation? Those who bet against Nie from the win, face is red, although Nie Li does have an advantage, so it seems ... ... a bit ... is not right! In the past few years of genius war, where have you seen such a duel? The past genius warfare and mutual understanding of martial arts are very particular about martial spirits. They are often summoning demon spirits at the same time. The fighting between the two sides is limited to mutual understanding and combat skills. They have never appeared like Nie Li, and have not been able to directly summon the demon. Spirit, suddenly attacked and interrupted when others summoned demon spiritsThe sacred family almost jumped over there."Tianjin's family, your family's people are too shameless! This is better than fighting and fighting!" The people of the sacred family are facing the Tianxen family and yelling.Although Nie Hai, Nie En, and others also feel that Nie is indeed a shameless move, but in the face of the sacred people, they certainly do not show weakness: “We have not violated the rules of the genius war here? Here's an accusation!" "I'm a family in Tian-trace, but you can't teach it?" "Your grandfather of your sacred family is too stupid. He is simply a pig. Obviously it is a demon psychic who does not merge with the demon spirit to summon the demon. When the spirit actually put the back of the head against the enemy, who got it?” At the moment, Yang Xin looked at Shen Ming, and said indifferently: “Shen Ming deacon, the sacred family will not lose it?” Although Nie Li is a bit Shameless, she naturally stood still on this side of NieLooking at the situation on the court, Yang Xin's smile became more and more charming. Is it really elusive for Nie to leave this little guy? It looks like a pure and good appearance, but it is so arrogant in the bones! Obviously he always looks like a color, and when he really tempts him, he is so determined.Shen Ming looked gloomy, Nie was away from this kid's yin, and he could only recognize the plant. Anyway, Nie Li promised to fight in three games. It was nothing to lose. Knowing that Nie Li's demon spirit was a tiger tooth panda, Shen Ming sneered. Even if this game is lost, he will win all the losses in the next game! Shen Ming took a look at Yang Xin and said: "Of course it won't. I'll lose the sacred family with this money!" At this time, on the martial arts field, Shen Fei squatted in the pit and was about to blow up. Nie Li's two big slaps, his face slammed on the ground, nosebleeds, bruised faceBefore he just wanted to merge the demon spirit, he was slapped by Nie Liyi."Shen Da Shao, are you all right? We are only learning from each other. If you can't stand up, just give it a go!" Nie Lifu was next to Shen Fei, and he was a little bit malicious.If you lose 50 million demon coins, you will lose it! He will not be willing! Shen Fei roared loudly, once again inspired the soul of the sea, a demon spirit through the body, ready to integrate the demon spirit, bursts of strong breath out through the body, the body rapidly changes the sharp claws, red tiger black demon spirit Send out the sound of bursts of tigers and the power is endless"As long as I fuse the demon spirits, then rely on your tiger tooth panda, but also with me against? Want to hinder me to blend the demon spirit, it is impossible, the flames of the red Yan black tiger enough to burn you down Shen Fei thought that his body broke out with hot flames"Shen Dahao must have made a comeback!" "This is the flame fusion of the flamingo and black tiger! This flame is extremely blazing, and it will burn down everything around it!" "Surely it was Shen Dazao who actually possessed such skills. Nie from this miserable, he could not get close to this flame, once the integration of Shenyang and Shaoxing is completed, it is estimated that a move will be able to defeat Tiger Panda!” “Tiger Panda this demon, how could it be the opponent of the red inflammation black tiger! Although there is some money in front, how can that be?”"Flame? Is it terrible?" At this time, Nie Li, a tiger toothed panda, was incorporated. Although standing in flames, he was completely unable to feel the flames.Although Shen Fei’s Chiyan Black Tiger is a demon spirit of good quality, it is still too far away from Nie's tiger tooth panda! Ordinary people can't imagine how powerful tiger tooth pandas can be. This level of combat skills, but also want to hurt Tiger Panda? But now, it's not time to show strength.As soon as Shen Fei was about to complete the integration of the demon spirits, I saw that Nie Li lifted his feet and stomped on a few feet. Shen Fei's soul and the sea shook again. He failed to integrate again, and the soul spirit in the sea did not exist. come outThe voice of the battlefield on the martial arts ground came to an abrupt end again. Everyone was stunned. As they imagined, the Tiger Panda’s pandas were blown with flames. The scenes of rolling over the ground did not appear. Instead, Shen Fei was trampled and miserable."How could this happen?" "How could this be?" The footsteps were so cool that he gave a wicked breath to her, and Nie was secretly thinking that Shen Fei was badly abused by him, but He still looks like"I heard that Shen Dazao was a veteran of flowers and played a lot of women. For the sake of Shen Dazao's health, she wouldn't have to play a woman anymore!" Nie left a foot on Shen Fei's acupuncture point, from now on. Shen Fei is afraid of being inhumanThe group of people who bet on Shen Fei’s win in the stands kept blinking one by one, and when they heard the sound of a few tigers, they thought they had the opportunity to reverse themselves. Thoughts"Oh, really bad, actually lost!" "It's strange that Shen Fei's pig's head, arrogantly did not actually summon the demon spirit to open! The result is not even the opportunity to summon the demon spirit!" The traces of the family were really dark, and they did not give Shen Fei the opportunity to summon the demon spirit! This is too contrary to the spirit of martial arts!” Thinking of the process of this battle, they had an urge to cry, and met Nie from this. Kind of shameless guy, what else can they say? Although they can morally condemn Nie apart, there is no stipulation in the rules of genius war that they cannot do this! Shen Ming sees it, and it is impossible for Nie to give Shen Fei the opportunity to merge the demon spirit. This war can only continue to see Shen Fei who has not merged with the demon spirit and is disgusted by Nie Li."My sacred family in this war conceded defeat, please stop it!" Shen said with a deep voice, his voice spread throughout the contest, anyone can feel his depressing angerIn the auditorium, everyone smiled. This was the most inconceivable battle they had seen.At this time, Shen Ning and Shen Xiao of the sacred family face each other. They did not expect that Shen Fei would actually lose the contest in such a way. In addition to allowing Nie to show off the tiger tooth panda demon spirit, he did not explore it at all. The true strength of Nie LiLooking at Nie from the fusion tiger teeth panda is so nasty and harmless look, they can not help but somewhat despiseSeeing Shen Fei being so devastated, they not only did not feel sad, but secretly sneer a cry, the young masters of the scorpion system were all spoiled, on this IQ, and I heard Shen Fei often played with women, it is estimated that the foundation was hollowed out , so it will lose in the hands of Nie Li! Shen Fei lost those money, they will certainly earn backThe master's master is a waste, it is only their turn to play! Hearing Shen Ming’s words, Nie Li was secretly depressed. He quickly admitted that he was too uninterested. Nie Li slammed a foot on Shen Fei’s body, and then he stood in front of Shen Fei: “Hahaha. This war was really fun and Shen Fei's brother confessed to accept!” When he heard Nie Li’s words, the audience on the audience seat was stunned. Nie Li’s shamelessness to a certain realm! Dashing? I am afraid that Nie Li is dripping away from him. From the beginning to the end, he sees Nie Li facing the fierce death of Shen Fei lying on the ground. He never saw Shen Fei return! As for the admirer, this test played really like Shen Fei to Nie Li, did not integrate the demon spirit to go up and let Nie from a burst of arroganceMany people who have lost money because they have won the game have cursed"What the hell is he?" "It will not be the Association of Alchemists and the Sacred Family that will harm us!" "I have lost so much, and the people of the holy family have hated you all in this life!" In a corner of the auditorium, Ye Zizhe, who was watching the game, could not help but smile. She heard that the Holy Family had held a genius war in the main government house. Tianji’s family would also participate. She was a little worried about Nie Li, so she arrived, but She just watched in the cornerOriginally, she thought that Nie would lose, but she saw that Nie was so alive and kicking that she understood that her worries were purely superfluous. It seemed that until now, no one could make Nie lose.She looked at Nie Li’s back with her clear eyes and smiled slightly.Ye Zixuan sat in the corner so that the beautiful and moving appearance of the people looked around. They did not know that Ye Zixuan was the daughter of the city. Such a beautiful girl is still rare.