Nie Li does not know that Ye Zixuan also came and is watching in the corner.The Nie Li returning from the triumphant return to the stands, and the second match will wait for a whileAt this time in the stands, Shen Ming glanced at a few men and asked, “What is the final result of the betting?” Shen thought for a moment, although they lost more than 50 million ghost coins to the bet against Nie Li. They are sitting in the gamble office. Most people are gambling on Shen Fei to win, or can they win back some? Listen only to the following people’s reports: “In total, 160 million demon spirits were wagered, and gambling totals more than 166 million demon spirits, and more than six million demon spirits were lost!” How could it be? How did he actually lose?” Shen Ming was angry and he thought he could win back some of this game, but he did not expect to actually output more than 6 million demon spirits. Although not much, he also made him very annoyed. It! “Damn!” Shen Ming cursed angrily. Since he served as a deacon of the sacred family, he had never seen such a big mistake. He suddenly exported more than 56 million demon soul coins and he was about to leave home. On the bones of the eye, even if he can smooth out with his past achievements, but he is still very unhappyAt this time, people on the Tian-trace family, Nie Hai, Nie En, and others were all very happy. Although it wasn't they but Nie Li who won the money, they got such a big piece of fat from the sacred family and they were happy. Before the sacred family had done so much misery, it finally got back.“Nie left the younger brother. I thought you were a decent person. I didn't expect you to be so embarrassed. It seems that after Yang Sister, be careful!” Yang Xin looked at Nie Li and said in a teasing manner. She held her arms in her arms and squeezed it slightly. The pressure is even more attractiveNie smiled miserably: "Yang sister you misunderstood, in fact, I am a decent person, but it is very necessary to use a very method!" Yang Xin, Nie Hai, Nie En and others heard Nie Li's words, are like laughing Looking at Nie Li, the eyes seem to be saying, who believes! Nie Li shrugged. It was no use estimating how he explained it. He looked at Nie'en and asked, “How much money have we won in total?” “Wind 50 million demon money for gambling and 30 million for betting. More than 70,000 phantom coins were won!” Nie Hai said with a smile. There was an instant of 100 million demon spirits. Nie left the kid to make money quickly! "Yeah!" Nie nodded and nodded. One hundred million demon money is nothing for him, but for the sacred family, it is not a small number.At this time, Shen Ming could no longer hold back and walked toward Tianxie's family."Shen Ming Deacon, do not know Shen how little? We Nie left a little too heavy to start, but also please forgive me ah!" Nie Hai proudly surrendered to Shen Ming, as the owner of the Tian-trace family, he still got With some demeanor, my heart was laughingShen Ming's face drew a little. Everyone knew that Shen Fei wouldn't want to get out of bed for the next half-month. Nie left this kid and started to get really dark. Shen Ming was not sure what position Shen Fei’s real injury was. I did not know that Shen Fei could not be retired afterwards. If he knew it, he would certainly be more angry.However, Shen Ming gave Shen Ning an order and he must play Shu NieIn Shen Ming's opinion, Nie Li only had one tiger tooth panda. It was impossible to win over Shen Ning. Generally Tiger Panda is a bronze spirit. Even if Nie is a bit special from Tiger Panda, it reaches silver. The level is already up to the skyShen Ning is now a silver five-star demon psychiatrist, and Shen Ning fusion of the demon spirit is the Holy Flame demon bear, is a golden demon spiritAlthough Shen Fei’s Chiyan Black Tiger has the talent to become a black gold spirit, the current strength is only the silver level, while Shen Ning’s demon spirit has already reached the gold level.If you lose it, it will be a ghost! "Three games, this is the first game. Don't be too happy. We will start the second game next time!" Shen Ming looked at Nie Hai and others.“This...” Nie Hai couldn't help but look at Nie Li’s. He did not know how Nie Li’s strength was in the end. The sacred family lost a second time.Shen Ming also followed Nie Hai’s gaze and fell on Nie Li’s body. A flash of light flashed through his eyes.Nie Liqing coughed: “Is it not something wrong with the sacred family? I just played a game, and my soul power was so badly consumed. I immediately went on to play the second game. Is it true that the sacred family is fighting with me in the wheel war? Not as good as this, the second match is delayed for two months before I wait until I recover my soul power to challenge the genius of the sacred family again!” Hearing Nie Li’s words, Yang Xin, Nie Hai and Nie En stared blankly. Nie LiSoul power is badly consumed? In the previous match, Nie Li merged with the demon spirit, and then Shen Fei took several palms, and stepped on Shen Fei's feet. There was no fierce fighting. This statement was too fake. Shen Ming darkened his face and coldly sang: “Tianji family will not be able to win the money and prepare to leave it. If so, our sacred family is not a vegetarian.“Shen Mingzhao Yang Xin looked at it and groaned.” “The Tianxue family is so unreliable that the Alchemist Association will not have to protect Tian Genshi. If this is the case, I will ask our family leader to talk to the president adults and say something! "Yang Xin's cheeks are reddish, although she is definitely standing on the side of Nie, but she is also a little bit embarrassed to speak. Ah, if Nie Lie really wins, it's a good idea.""Since Shen Ming's deacons have said that, I can only escort them. Even if the Sacred Stones triumph, I believe no one would dare to say gossip of the sacred family behind them!" Nie away saw the stricken Shen In the heart, he smiled a bit, and he had completely angered Shen."Who would dare to say gossip of my sacred family!" Shen Ming muttered coldly. Suddenly he found himself guilty. Wasn't it clear that he had to admit that his wheel was unconquerable? His lungs are almost blew upNie Hai, Nie En, and others all have a clear look.“The sacred family is really good at pressing people!” Yang Xin said lightly. She finally understood the intention of Nie Li. Nie Li was constantly irritating Shen Ming and stepping into Shen’s trap, but Nie Can you really beat the genius of the sacred family? If Nie can't defeat the genius of the divine family, then these things are no good."That's what!" Shen Ming was furious and watched Nie Hai, Nie Li and others. "How much time will Tianxie family get ready to play this time?" Nie said lightly: "In my opinion, I have to bet at least two times. 300 million demon soul money bar, or do not have any meaning!” Hearing Nie Li's words, Shen Ming brains, a sober, sober, although he was angered by Nie, but for two hundred million demon soul money, if out The problem, this consequence is not what he can afford! Even if he had had some credit for the sacred family before, but once exported 200 million, his good days will come to an end.Since Nie Ligan dared to take this gamble, it proved to be a certain amount of jin. Just now Shen Fei and Nie Li had lost the strength of Nie Li. Shen Ming did not dare to move rashly.Shen Ming silent for a moment: "Anyway there is a gamble, this Council first play 100 million demon coin!" See Shen Ming's look, Nie Li also understand Shen Ming as a deacon of the sacred family, there is a certain authority , not dare to play too much, if you step by step, the other party may be vigilant"Since the sacred family is so emboldened, let's play 100 million demon spirits!" Nie said with a faint smile.Hearing Nie Li’s words, Shen Ming’s face turned green, and Nie left his mouth to shut his mouth. This was how the sacred family was, and it was worth noting that the sacred family was worthless. He was really angry.