After the end of this one hundred million bet, the sacred family did not continue to sit, and Yang Xin took over.Since Yang Xin opened the gambling board, Nie Li did not continue playing.“Nie Li, you have to work hard. Ninety percent of the people will take the sacred family to win. My sister’s net worth will be all on you!” Yang Xin looked glamorously at Nie Li’s pink lips. Laughing, that pink lips stick to Nie's cheeks, breathe like blue, bumpy body attached next to Nie Li, vaguely can feel that a pair of soft, almost temptationThis woman is simply a goblin that won't be worth the death! "Yang Sister laughed, so little money is nothing for Yang Sister, even if it is nothing to play!" Nie smiled slightly, he naturally will not be so easily tempted by Yang Xin"My elder sister put all my private money on it!" Yang Xin said, licking her lips, and said with a slight dissatisfaction that the slender willow brow was full of smiles."Then I didn't know it, I could only fetch the incense and dictate the fate!" After a few moments, the gamble began.Nie Li and the sacred family's Shen Ning all walked down to the battlegroundThe entire martial arts are boiling up, bursts of loud cries, support Nie Li, and support Shen Ning"The last time the boy of Tianxin family had a lot of money, this time it must be fished back!" "Tianjin family's boy actually got a tiger tooth panda demon spirit, it was a turfgrass, though it was a sacred family. Yes, but Shen Ning is already a silver five-star demon psychiatrist, so Shen Ning will win!” Although Nie Li won a game just now, but winning is too shameful, Shen Fei lost too much, so this Most people still bet on Shen Fei's bodyHowever, there are also a small number of people who are optimistic about Nie Li and feel that Nie can create miracles.After all, Nie Li has already won once.Looking at Nie Li in the martial arts field, Ye Zixuan could not help but chuckle loudly. She heard that the Holy Family had wagered 100 million bets. Nie was too bad for this guy, although Nie Li's test scores at the end of the year were not Gao, but Ye Zixuan has been convinced that Nie Yi’s cultivation has reached an unimaginable level. How else can he control the strength and soul power to that extent? So in her view, Nie Li can certainly win the Shen Ning of the sacred family, so she took out all her private money and she won the Nie from winning.Think of Nie from that bad appearance, Ye Zixuan though a bit annoying, but do not know why, there are always some concerns about Nie, like this time I heard that Nie Li participated in the genius war, she hurriedly came"It's just a concern between ordinary friends."Ye Ziyan's eyes fell on Nie Li's body and secretly thought, but Qiaolian was slightly hot. She never looked like this, and she was so concerned about a boy."Shen Ning immediately merged with the demon spirit, the body ignited a fiery flame, and turned it into a strong sanctuaryShen Ning took a step forward and the flames rose in the sky. An overwhelming force swept out. The martial arts field quakeed and the ground was roasted."Actually a holy flame demon bear!" "Silver five-star demon psychic teacher, coupled with the Holy Flame demon bear, in the younger generation is absolutely invincible presence ah, Nie from this kid to suffer too much, before he put The Sacrifice of the Holy Family was so terrible that the Sacred Family would never make him better."The people who bet on Shen Ning raised their arms and shouted, the sound of boiling"It's so impolite to join the demon spirit without even saying hello!" Nie murmured.Hearing Nie Li's words, Shen Ning smiled. Before that fight Shen Fei did not have the opportunity to merge the demon spirit and was beaten by Nie Li. Can he still dare to drain water? This battle is of great importance. He first blended with the demon spirit to speak. As long as the demon spirit is integrated, it is absolutely impossible for him to win the Tiger Panda without Nie! Shen Ning is already winning! Nie Li also quickly merged the tiger teeth panda spirit, turned into a fat toot, naive, looks harmless tiger teeth PandaNo matter from which point of view, this Tiger Panda is not threatening"Hey!" Shen Ning stepped toward Nie Li, a strand of hot air jets sprayed toward the outsideShen Ning suddenly vacated, fell down with one palm, and the fiery flame fell like a meteor.Seeing this scene, Nie Li is also not fighting, and he runs away.A meteor of fire blew down, raging the ground over and over, leaving a deep pit on the groundNie Li jumped up and jumped, and every time he escaped with savagery, he saw a cold sweat. As long as Nie was caught by one of the flame meteors, he was afraid he would die without losing half his life.There was a hum on the stage"Tianji family's boy is too daring to do it. He's actually running straight away. Is it a bit of a bone?" "This genius fight is too boring. Tian Teng's boy, if he can't beat, he quickly gives in! Wasted emotions!” The sound of the stands fluctuatesYang Xin took a look at Nie Hai and Nie Nen. Their faces were slightly gloomy. They asked with a bit of angrily: "Don't you bother with Nie to change a demon? How can you let Nie Li use Tiger Panda? Garbage demon spirit?” My aunt's grandmother, Nie Hai complained, hurriedly said: “Yang Lizhi misunderstood, the most recent time we help Nie to buy the demon spirit, at least there are more than 100,000, but Nie Li chose this Only tiger teeth panda, we have no way ah!” Hearing Nie Hai's words, Yang Xin revealed a somewhat surprised look, Nie Hai and others purchased more than 100,000 demon spirits this time? After seeing Nie Li on the battlefield, Nie Li looked a bit embarrassed, but every time Kankan escaped the attack, it was very likely that he deliberately"Since Nie is away from the Tiger Panda chosen by his younger brother, there must be some intentions!" Yang Xin smiled, thinkingSeeing that Yang Xin's look changed from cloudy to clear, Nie Hai breathed a sigh of relief and wiped his sweat. After all, he was the owner of a small family. How could it anger Yang Xin? The purple leaves in the corner of the bleacher stand intently at the martial arts field. She looks down on the eyebrows. Even she can't see whether Nie is intentional or has tried her best.However, she has an intuition that Nie will win.A meteor of flames exploded continuously around Nie's side. In fact, these flame meteors couldn’t escape from Nie Li. Nie Li casually spit out the darkness and blew up the light, which is enough to blow up Shen Ning.However, Nie Li did not want to win Shen Ning so easily! If this easily wins Shen Ning, the third sacred family will certainly not play with him.Therefore, he must win the Shen Ning career"Kid, don't run!" Shen Ning kept furiously, pushing the horror force of the Holy Flame demon bear to bombard, and the ground of the battleground was dumbfounded.However, what makes Shen Ning a bit depressed is that Nie’s luck is really good. Whenever his flame meteor hits Nie, Nie Li can always climb and sneak away.Recalling the awkward appearance of an ordinary tiger toothed panda, and taking a look at Nie's climbing posture, Shen Ning could not help but feel a strange feeling. Nie departed from this fellow's tiger toothed panda and was really strange. fetal! If it is an ordinary tiger tooth panda, I am afraid he will have been killed for a long time. How could he persist for so long? Shen Ning jumped from the sky, held her hands together, turned it into infinite flames, and fell down from the sky.Seeing this scene, Nie left his eyes and rolled out to the side"I want to run, it's too late!" Shen Ning's face shows a sneer, and the hot flames in the body spurt out. The entire body has fallen like a meteorite.u