Nie Li took a bite out of the gravitational field battle of Tiger Panda and the gravity suddenly increased by several times.Shen Ning's whole body squatted down from the airWhen Chen Ning was about to pick himself up, Nie Li jumped out to the side and jumped out. Kankan could escape the impact of the flame, but he still left behind the scars of burning fire.Nie Li secretly breathed a sigh of relief, almost turned into a panda, obviously has the strength to crush opponents, but it seems to be installed as strength than the other side, which is really a test of actingThe entire battleground rumbling loudly, shaking the earth to move, Shen Ning drew a ten-meter square hole on the ground hard, the flames rose into the sky, dust and splattersThe audience in the stands excited and screamed“Oh, what a terrible force this is!” “Scorpio, this is the power of the Holy Flame demon bear? Horrible!” “Although it is only five silver stars, but this power is almost comparable to the gold! ""Shen Ning wins!" "Shen Ning, Shen Ning......" The shouts in the stands rose one after another, one wave higher than one waveNot to mention the bet, Nie escaped without playing, and he was chased by the dogs. They were full of contempt. If they were won by Nie, it wouldn’t be reasonable.Shen Ming also showed a satisfied smile and nodded his head: “Shen Ning’s child is good. He must have reached the gold level by watching out his strength. He must be very hard-working in peacetime if he wins. That guy, I must reward him for going back!” Hearing Shen Ming’s words, next to Shen Xiao’s face, he couldn’t help showing off a bit of embarrassment. Even he often practiced with Shen Ning. The strength has actually reached the gold levelYang Xin, who was on the side of the Tian-trace family's side, wrinkled his brow and murmured: “The Shenning boy is just a silver five-star demon psychic, how could such a powerful battle force be exerted? Is it at least the golden Samsung level?” Ye Ziyan looked at this scene in the distance, and Ming Yi was also filled with doubtful looks.At this time, on the martial arts field, the floating dust drifted slowly, and a figure in the center of the pit gradually became clear.In a flash, the original boiling stands suddenly became silent, and everyone was dumbfounded at the central part of the pit.Because at the moment, the Shen Ning in the center of the pit is like a dead dog. It's motionless and bruised. All of it is burnt."What the hell is going on! Who can tell me what's going on here!" Shen Hum hysterically hystericallyAfter Shen Ning leaped up and jumped up, he displayed the skills of the fire and the sky, and he fell out to himself. If you say this, who can believe it? Seeing this scene, not only Shen Ming, but also Yang Xin, Nie Hai, Nie En and others are also dumbfounded."The people of the sacred family will not be so stupid. The first person who did not summon the demon spirit will be sent up to be violent by Nie. The second summons the demon spirit and erupts as much as the gold-class strength. The result is life. Have you been dizzy?” But this scene was in front of them and they could not believe it.Yang Xin liked to understand something and murmured: “I said that Shen Ning would not be inexplicably burst into strength at the Samsung level. Is it possible that Nie left the younger brother?” The death of the silence on the stands, One by one, all eyes are round and round, taking advantage of the martial arts field, but after waiting for a long time, Shen Ning still could not get up, just like a dead dog and stay there and stay motionless."Grass, the waste of the sacred family, to Laozi get up!" "Yes, sacred family's waste really useless!" Those who lost the money have smashed the sacred family, the audience on the stands have a kind of runaway Impulsive"It will not be the Association of Alchemists and the Holy Family to come to us!" "Impossible. The Association of Alchemists is just a few kinds of immortality. They earn money and don't know how much money they care about. They are the sacred family. Helping waste is useless!" As for those who bet on Nie Li, they are grinning. Nie Li is a fortunate kid. The first Shen Fei idiot did not merge with the demon spirit and sent it to the second. Clever integration of the demon spirit, the result gave myself dizzy, but also sentWhat they don't know is that Shen Ning did not dizzy himself and was given away by Nie.Shen Ning to display that a stroke of fire power is very huge, is to jump the body to a very high place, through the accelerated acceleration to enhance the effect, that speed is the silver five stars can achieve the ultimate, and Nie suddenly gave Shen Ning blessing The gravitational gas field caused the gravity of Shen Ning to suddenly increase several times. Shen Ning had no time to react and hit the ground with a force several times more than usual. The consequences could be imagined. There was no body bone fragmentation. FortunateSeeing Shen Ning who is still not moving, Nie Li smiled slightly from the corner of his mouth, and Shen Ning fainted. It was estimated that he could not wake up for two or three days. Gravity gas field is invisible and intangible. The outsiders could not detect that Nie was not moving. Hands and feet"It's really no challenge!" Although Nie Li is silver, but the real strength can completely crush the gold two Samsung's master, so Shen Ning for him, can not pose a threatAfter seeing this scene, Ye Zixuan in the stands was not surprised. Instead, he was such an expression that the sacred family was once again planted in the hands of Nie Li and looked at Nie Li. The guy is always a smart bead, and even emotionally, he is definitely determined that Ye Zixi will love him. It's so annoying.Do you really like Nie off one day? Ye Zixuan's eyes flashed a blank look. He thought that all the things that had happened in the underground palace in the city of Quran, Ye Zixuan could not help but shy, his heartbeat accelerated, and he jumped.After the test ended, Nie Li once again received 100 million demon coins from Shen Ming’s hands.Let the sacred family pay out a hundred and fifty million demon spirits, although it cannot shake the roots of the holy family, but at least it can make the sacred family live a tight day.Even if it is a sacred family, this kind of peak family, it can be very good to keep the three-five billion demon spirits on hand.Of course, the total value of the various industries of the sacred world is far more than that, and it can reach more than 10 billion, but the cash is probably too much.Although this one hundred and fifty million demon spirit money is nothing to Nie Li, Nie Li’s mood is still very comfortable.“Shen Ming’s deacons, consignees, and confiscaters, several elder brothers of the sacred family were too kind. Every time they let me win, I won a bit embarrassed. I always misunderstood the sacred family and the sacred family was not stingy. But it's too generous!” Nie Li smiled at Shen Ming’s deaconShen Ming face is full of iron and blue, his lips are mad, and he hears Nie's bleak words. If he can, he really wants to slap Nie Li's head into the mud! One hundred and fifty million demon soul money ah, how can he explain to the owner? ~~ On the red list on Monday, everyone voted for the recommended snail. If it is recommended tomorrow, the snail will add another chapter! ! !