Lose this one hundred and fifty million demon soul money, that Shen Ming made sacrifices for the sacred family at this time, almost all was soaked, and the owner would never miss him after leaving customs! Whether the position of the deacon is gone or not, and with the means of the family leader, coupled with the fact that he knows so many secrets of the sacred family, I am afraid it will not be easy to escape! At the moment, Shen Ming's eyes finally flashed a hint of crazy thoughts, and there was another one! If the third game wins back the lost money, then he is not only wrong, but also active! "This third game must be won!" Shen Ming calculated a bit, he can also transfer 200 million demon soul money, this is already the rest of the sacred family all the money, was originally prepared to purchase from the Association of Alchemists A group of immortals practiced for the family's younger generation200 million demon money, if he wins, he can explain to the owner.There is a touch of twilight in Shen Ming's eyes"Nie Hai's owner, we have the third match right now?" Shen Ming looked at Nie Hai and said coldly.Nie Hai froze a bit, looked at Nie Li, and saw Nie nodded and said, "Yes, there is a third"Yang Xin frowned slightly. With her understanding of Shen Ming, Shen Ming lost the 150 million demon spirit to the sacred family. The consequences were very serious. After returning, Shen Ming could not escape the fate of being under house arrest, but now In fact, Ming also has to bet on it, which proves that Shen Ming is already desperate.The development of things is also reasonable, Shen Ming is almost crazy, and it is normal"This one, we bet 300 million demon coins!" Shen Ming cold and authentic, he has sent people to the various shops of the Holy Family to obtain fundsIf the owner of the sacred family is in, it will certainly stop Shen Ming's move, but Shen Ming has been a deacon of the sacred family for so many years, and has been deeply trusted by the sacred family's family. The privilege is very large. The shops of the sacred family belong to him. He wants to mobilize funds, and almost every shop in the sacred family will not have two wordsIn any case, it is the final stroke. If you can win 300 million demon coins, he will be able to take another step in the status of the sacred family! "Well, then bet 300 million demon coin!" Nie nodded and looked at Shen Ming's look, he also knew that Shen Ming wanted to do the last dying struggle! Nie smiled coldly at the corner of his mouth, and he was asking for help! The families of the various families in the stands were arguing. They were all witnesses. They did not expect that the sacred family had already lost 150 million demon spirits. They actually had to bet on it. This time, they placed a bet of 300 million."The sacred family is doing a good job!" "Before Shen Ming's deacon lost so many ghost coins, I'm afraid that when I go back to the deacons, I'm afraid I should not be able to do it. He is probably trying to win back in this one!" "It is said that this time it was sent to Shen Xiao!" "I know Shen Xiao this person, young age is already a golden star spirit deityNie Li that kid can win Shen Fei and Shen Ning. Most of them are fortunate. In this case, when they meet the golden spirit master, I’m afraid there is no suspense in victory and defeat."" Three hundred million demon soul money ah, if you lose, Shen Ming deacon is over, and this is probably the sacred family all the liquidity! "The opinions of various families are differentIt’s a gamble again. The amount of money on this gambling is definitely all they see in life. It makes them teeming with blood.In Yang Xin’s betting board, the crowds also made bets, but Yang Xin lost or lost. Nie Li did not care. Anyway, Yang Xin was a bit of money.As a director of the Association of Alchemists, Yang Xin is in power. After contacting Nie Li, he helped the Alchemist Association to make a few donations. Even if he took a few hundred million yuan, those elders said nothing.After the gambling funds are in place, the third contest is finally about to begin soon, and the stands around the martial arts area are boiling again.A lot of eye-catching test, Nie Li slowly undergroundShen Ming's cold eyes looked at Nie Li, and a fierce look flashed through his eyes. He took out two drugs from his arms, and Shen reverberated: "Sum Xiao, this is the two demon spirits to strengthen Dan, before the battle began. Immediately eat these two demon spirits to strengthen the Dan!" Shen Xiao looked at Shen Shen in surprise: "Shen Ming deacon, that kid is probably only silver one or two stars of strength, with my gold star strength, get rid of that The boy is absolutely more than sufficient, there is no need to use this spirit to strengthen the Dan ah! "Shen Xiao's demon spirit is Long Yan Ying Eagle, is a very powerful and rare demon spirit, the price up to two million demon spirit money, if eaten Two demon spirits to strengthen Dan, although it can make Longyan eagle eagle burst several times in half an hour's power, but it is also equivalent to the Dragon Yan eagle to waste, Shen Xiao is very distressed"What is afraid of you and what you hear from me is a matter of great importance. If you can afford it, then it will be worth 300 million yuan! If you win, I will give you 20 million demon money. ,when you want to buy what demon spirit can be!"Shen Ming Shen Sheng saidWhen Shen Ming was heard, Shen Xiao's eyes lit up. Although the dragon eagle was rare, two million magic coins could be purchased. If Shen Ming gave him 20 million, he could buy a higher grade. The demon spirit, it's no shame to dispose of the dragon eagle"Okay, I must follow Shen Ming’s instructions!” Shen Xiao nodded and placed the two demon spirits into the space ring.Shen Xiao took a look at the back of Nie Li. He slammed it twice and lost it in my hand. It was your life. He actually wanted to abolish one of the dragon's eagles and eat the two demon spirits. You, your kid should feel honored! In Shen Xiao's opinion, defeating Nie Li with his gold-star strength is not an easy task. He needs to know that he is a gold and a demon psychic master! After the two went off, the stands once again boiled upBut this time everyone is not sure, who does not know who will win. Although Nie Li's strength is far worse than Shen Xiao, but who knows if Nie Li will not erupt again like luck before?They think that Nie can win two games in a row, relying entirely on luck.This time, most people are afraid to bet easily. It is estimated that Nie can win, that is, Ye Zixuan. Ye Zixun once again put all his pocket money and the money he had just won on Nie Li.The cries come one after another"I didn't think you could win two games in a row, but next time, you will certainly lose in my hands!" Shen Xiao looked at Nie Li coldly and said confidently, "I'm not like them, I'm a The golden star is a demon psychic teacher, and it is a golden star demon psychic teacher who integrates the dragon eagles!” But at this time, Nie Li was lazy and stretched and lazy. Three games can finally be installed! "If you don't try it, you know how to do it. You won two straight before. Maybe this third luck for me is as good as before?" Nie smiled faintly and looked very calm.Shen Xiao eyes slightly cold, Nie from this guy really strange, knowing that he is already a gold class strong, and actually not at all panic, he moved his right hand, listen to Shen Ming then swallowed two demon spirit to strengthen DanAt this point, the stands commotion“Is my eyes wrong? Did Shen Sheng of the sacred family swallow the demon spirit to intensify Dan?” “A golden and a star-loving psychic teacher, faced with a tiger tooth panda only to merge, actually want to swallow the demon spirit to strengthen the Dan, seemingly still Two?” “Sure enough, the sacred family was scared by the two games that were lost before!”