Not yet opened, the Holy Family has weakenedHowever, the sacred family has no regard for these, even if it loses face and nothing, it is 300 million demon soul money! At this time the audience on the stands were talking about"This is even if you have the bad luck you won't win!" "A golden star of a demon psychic, and then swallowed two spirits to strengthen Dan, Nie must lose no doubt!" At this time even Nie Hai, Nie En et al. also did not take Nie away. After all, their opponents were too strong."I have been betting on the sacred family three times in a row. Can you win this one?" "The first two games are really good. This will definitely win me!" "I'm still taking part of my money on Nie Li's body. I still feel that Nie can win! This kid is absolutely weird! Even if this is lost, I have earned two in front!" On the martial arts field, Shen Xiao has been ready for a powerful flame. Power swept outThe battlefield was bombarded by the power of the Holy Flame as a cobweb and spread rapidly.Shen Xiao steps toward Nie Li step by stepAt this moment, Nie Li smiled slightly and merged with Tiger Panda: "If you neglect the strength of my tiger toothed panda, then you are wrong!" Hey, .. Nie grumbled, surrounded by an invisible gravity gas. The field formed out of thin air, Shen Xiao shrouded itShen Xiao suddenly felt that her weight suddenly increased several times, and it became very difficult to take a step. His face changed slightly. Nie Li’s strength was extraordinary.Actually, it is a rare battle technique in the gravity department. Shen Xiao has a heart of contempt, and it is particularly grave.Shen Xiao's feet stepped deep into the martial arts field and the terrible power and power were shocked."It's so strong that there is such a terrible strength in one star of gold!"Shen Xiao, who was in the gravitational field, only knew what was going on. He was suffering. He suddenly understood why Shen Ning would lose. He dared not swindle the enemy and quickly integrated Long Yan’s Eagle. A pair of huge wings have emerged from the back, and the strong wings fluttered"You are the strongest enemy I have ever encountered in my age, my peers, try my Longyan break it!" Shen Xiao Yang rang long, his mouth spewed a fiery flame, a burning pillar of fire, toward Nie Li sprayed it outA wave of heat blowing, Nie Li feels like the whole body is to be burnedThis dragon eagle has a part of dragon species, spitting flames, with a hint of light dragon, very powerful"Look if your dragon inflammation is severe, or if my dark light bursts!" Nie away swept backwards and opened his mouth to spit out a black and white ball of light. These two balls of light were interlaced in the air and drawn out. Two light shadowsThis black, white, and two ball of light fluttered over the pillar of fire.The horrific explosion sounded, and after the two forces exploded, the power of terror continued to destroy and wreak havoc, sweeping constantly, waging the ground over and over again, and the gravel flying wildly.Nie Li went backwards and stood firmly outside the scope of the explosion. It was calm and calm. As for Shen Xiao, it was swept by the horrific explosion and it flew out of the dozens of meters before it stopped.Dead silence on the stands"What's the matter?" "Is it wrong? Did Nie Li and the two sides have the upper hand?" "Summer is a super talent of the Holy Family, a star of gold, and two demon spirits. Spirit strengthens Dan, is this still not Nie Li's opponent?" They were stunnedThis match was very different from that of Nie’s, and he still had a lot of energy to spare. It was totally different from the two previous tests.Yang Xin looked at Nie Li's back. He was very colorful in his eyes. Only when he was thirteen-year-old strength was he enough to fight against the gold level. It seems that I really looked down upon you! After a brief shock, Nie Hai and Nie Enjoyed themselves ecstatically and excitedly. The 13-year-old Gold Spirit Spirit Master Teacher, even when Ye Mo was an adult, did not have such amazing talent? Today's battle, Nie Li will rise in the glorious city like a comet, and will be protected by the city's main government. Any future people and any family who wants to move Nie Li will have to think about it! Such talented geniuses will surely become the peak of the glorious city. After so many years of silence, the days of the family of days will come. At this time, the audiences of the various families in the stands were aware of it. In the past two games, Nie Liquan had hidden strength. They thought that Nie Li was lucky to win, but this is absolutely not the case! What was even more shocking was that Nie had lost that terrible talent and strength.Thirteen-year-old gold spirit master, my God! Could it be that a legendary spirit master like Ye Mo will appear? “Nie Li! Nie Li! Nie Li!” The entire stand was boiling, everyone was drinking and excited.Many of them have a very complicated mood. They have lost a lot of money because they bet on Shen Xiao. But at the moment, they still genuinely cheer for Nie.The City of Glory can survive in the dark ages. It is not easy. Every time when Wicked, the City of Glory relies on the Ye Moi adults to defeat one of the strongest Wicked beasts of the Wandering Beast. The city was able to preserveHowever, as time went by, Ye Mo was growing old and the residents of the City of Glory had a strong sense of urgency. If there were no legendary spirits, then the City of Light would be in jeopardy.Although there are several strong players in the City of Glory that have reached the level of the black gold demon psychic division, most of the black gold demon psychic masters have already passed the age of forty and it is difficult to have the opportunity to attack the legendary demon psychic division.All people are looking forward to the emergence of genius, and Nie Li is undoubtedly the most dazzling one at present. The thirteen-year-old Golden Spirit Master, ah, this age is a golden age for rapid improvement, to the age of thirty. Afterwards, the cultivation talents will slowly decline, and cultivation will gradually decline and it will be difficult to gain progress.Nie Li’s age is so light that he has such amazing achievements. Who can say what level Nie can reach in the future? Maybe it will become a more powerful legendary spirit master than Ye Mo adults! It's nothing to lose money. It's really exciting to see such a genius! At this time, Shen Ming fell stunned and sat down in the seat. His eyes were bleak and muttering: “What is going on? How could this happen?” Why Nie Licai was already 13 when he was already gold? The strength of the demon psychic? What he did not know was that Nie Li’s soul power was still only a silver two-star. The reason why he could have the strength to contend with the gold demon psychic division was because on the one hand, Nie Li’s use of the soul power reached the ultimate perfection. On the other hand, Nie Li’s tiger toothed panda is a god-growth demon spirit. He himself has terrible power. Anybody who looks at it will pay a price.If Shen Xiao loses, then he will be the sinner of the sacred family and his fate is already doomed."No, Shen Xiao, have not lost!" Shen Ming rekindled a glimmer of hope in his eyes, staring at the martial arts fieldread3();read4();