The fierce battle on the battleground is becoming more and more intense※% Top ※% ※% ※%, .. Shen Xiao madly counterattack, but every time he broke out violent power, have been suppressed by Nie Lizhen.Looking at the flexible and flickering figure, Shen Xiao's eyes flashed with fear of fear, and Nie Li gave him too much pressure."Long Yanshengzhu!" Shen Xiao screamed, a thick dragon grows from the sky, turned into a giant column, constantly sweeping, flames ragingA burst of exclamation from the stands"Frightening moves!" They could not help but worry about Nie's departure.Seeing that the massive pillar of fire swept towards him, Nie Li was not nervous, but smiled easily."This kind of trick is not worth using, but it may be useful when dealing with low-level beasts, but when such a trick is used by masters, it's just a matter of spending their own soul power!" Nie left secretly thinking, Nie Li, who has previous experience in combat, will naturally not put such tricks in his eyes.What Nie does not know is that all the tricks of Shen Xiao have been used, but they are useless. They can only use this column of Long Yan. Shen Xiao did not expect to use this trick to kill Nie Li. He was already desperate. When you see Nie's calm, self-possessed look, he knows that Nie still hides many tricks that are not used.Nie Li jumped up and jumped, flashing through the pillars of fire and slamming, and swept behind Shen Xiao.Nie Li's giant palm pierced the sky and made a terrible sound of broken air. He slammed a bang with a bang on Shen Xiao's back.In the instant, Shen Xiao was like a meteor and crashed into the ground.A terrible cry of loud deafening sounds, the entire martial arts are shaking fiercely shaking, there is a huge pit on the ground, Shen Xiao wheezing in the deep pit, he just lying on his back in the pit In the middle, the eyelids gradually dissipated and the consciousness gradually blurred.Losing, Nie Li kept pressing him from the very beginning. He did not give him any chance to fight back, and he always left room. Nie Li gave him a kind of unfathomable feeling and he felt no matter how he broke out. None of Nie's opponentsHis eyes are full of sadness, did not expect to eat two demon spirits to strengthen Dan actually will lose, only Nie from really terribleAnd the other person is just a thirteen-year-old boy! I always thought that I was a genius that nobody could match. It turned out I was just a frog at the bottom of the well.Seeing this scene, the stand was first silenced for a moment, and then the shouting sound of Shan Hu tsunami broke out.“Nie Li! Nie Li! Nie Li!” burst into loud voicesThe strength of Nie Li left a deep impression on them. When each super strong climbed, he encountered any opponent of the same age without any suspense. However, Nie was not rolling at the same time. The opponent, but a genius in his twenties! How far will Nie Li grow in the future? There is no answer in anyone's heart, but they know that they have witnessed history today.In the corner of the distant stands, Ye Ziyan looked at the back of Nie Li. At the moment, she was still shocked by Nie's powerful strength. He was a strong talent and was much stronger than Grandpa when he was young! She suddenly has an idea, Nie will not be one day really like his own, to become a legendary spirit teacher? This possibility should be great! Ye Zizhen could not help but think of the joke with Nie before. If Nie Li became a legendary spirit teacher, he would marry him.Does she have to comply? Her thoughts were cluttered up and there was something unclear about the relationship between Nie and Gelinger. She froze twice and she wouldn't marry Nie away from this big radish.The cheers from one side to the other slowly subsided, but the vibrations caused by Nie's departure do not settle so quickly and will soon spread throughout the city of glory! Shen Ming lost his soul and lost his life and was left behind. After this matter, he probably would not be the deacon of the sacred family.Nie Li also managed to get 300 million demon spirits. This genius warfare made a fortune of 450 million demon spirits.Although Nie Li is not short of money and can make the sacred family fall into distress, he is very happy.Although this money is not a big deal for Nie, it is enough for the sacred family to have a headache for some time.Yang Xin looked at Nie Li, and his gaze revealed a somewhat worried look. He said, “Nie Li, you are showing strength like this, I’m afraid it’s not so good. If you are spotted by the dark guild’s...” After all, Nie is too dazzling now. If you know the talent of Nie Li, the Dark Guild may kill Nie regardless of everything.But at this time, Nie Li smiled a little and shook his head: "I have a plan for myself"After hearing Nie Li's words, Yang Xin slightly bowed, Nie Li should have already had plans, but she is still ready to send some guards to Nie Ligao.“Yang Sister, I asked you to help me investigate whether there was a connection between the Dark Society and the sacred family. How did you investigate?” Nie Weisheng asked Yang Xin“I have investigated that the sacred family has taken in a dark guild, as if it were called Li Yunhua. But with this alone, there is no way to“Yang Xin shook his head and sighed, but at least it was certain that the sacred family was not clean. We must beware that she has reported this news to the president. The president will certainly convey this to the Lord of the City.”Nie divorced his head and tried to pull down the sacred family. He thought the sacred family was too simple, and he should slowly come to deal with the sacred family.As the sacred family suddenly walks out, the Tian-trace family also left, and the genius war continued, but it was the other families who played themselves.In the corner of the martial arts field, Ye Zixuan saw this scene, and grinned and grinned. Nie was bad enough for this guy. The deacon of the sacred family Shen Yu was miserable, but she also had no favor for the Holy Family. The sacred family was unlucky. Also very goodWhen Ye Zixun turned to go, suddenly a familiar figure caught his eyes and saw Nie Lizheng smiling at her."I just took a look at the genius war of every family. I didn't even think that you were here!" Ye Zixuan blushed and his mouth was hard"Is there anything?" Nie ran out of the stalls and ridiculed himself. "Since this is the case, why wouldn't you continue to look here? This will go?" "You..." Ye Zi stunned and asked her to admit before Nie Her concern for Nie Li was absolutely impossible. She said arrogantly. "I found there is no meaning here, so I can't walk?" Seeing Ye Zixuan's delicate appearance, Nie smiled a bit from the space ring. Inside, he took out a stone of demon spirits, and then he grabbed the purple, white and silky hands from his left hand and put the piece of demon spirit in the hands of Ye Zixuan. He smiled and said, "This is for you!" From the warm warmth from the palm of the hand, Ye Zixuan did not shake off Nie Li's hand for a time. He did not know why, and the heartbeat suddenly accelerated a lot.“What is this?” Ye Ziyan lowered her head and had a shynessYe Zixuan looks like this, and there is a fragrance of the faintly fluttering girl, so that Nie swaying, smiled and said: "This is a snow galaxy of the galaxy queen demon spirit!" "Black gold wind queen snow demon Spirit? Where did you get this demon spirit?” Ye Zixuan asked wildly, the Snow Queen is a very rare and powerful demon spirit.“This Snow Queen is not just an ordinary snow queen, but a demon spirit with a snow-capped Queen who grows with God-level growth. After you have merged, you will know it. It is very powerful, and it must be cultivated after fusion. Eat demon spirit to strengthen things like Dan!" Nie Li Road, in order to get this snow Queen impish spirit, but he spent a lot of effort