After she went to Shen Xiu’s course, whether Nie Li or Du Ze and Lu Piao, she felt Shen Xiu’s course was boring and he was on the stage every day.Shen Xiu is obviously making up a few moments. When she lectures, she says that there are some things between the boring aristocracy. I can't learn anything.And every time she comes to Shen Xiu’s class, Nie Li, Du Ze and Lu Geng wait to stand behindThere will be classes soon, and all the students are chatting in groups.Ye Zixuan did not have too much estrangement from other students in the class and quickly became a member of many girls in the class.Shen Yue is sitting proudly on the side. With his status, he does not bother to have any intersection with the classmates. If Ye Ziyan is not here, he definitely won't stay in this class.Two months later, there will be a test. Whether he or Ye Zixuan, he will definitely enter the primary class of the demon spiriter.Shen Yue looked at Nie Li standing in the back and smiled on his face with a satirical smile: “In two months, I’ve upgraded to a bronze star. If you can do this kind of scrap, then the sun really has to come out from the west. "Nie Li and Du Ze, Lu Piao lived in the back and talked about the sky. In addition, there were a few civilians who had a good relationship with Nie Li.Because Nie has more ideas than other people, and often allocates other people's cultivation, he has become a leader of this small group.Even if Duzer is a prestige among civilians, he is willing to listen to Nie Li’sIn this short span of several days, Nie Li has taken more than 16,000 ghost coins with them. This is what Du Ze could not imagine.Duze is very trust and admiration for Nie Li and feels that Nie is very capable."Nie Li, what should we do next?" Duze asked, because Nie Li said that they wouldn't slay the horn sheep. What should be done? "You will know when you leave school!" Nie laughed mysteriously. He already had a series of ideas. The first step was to buy some soul crystals, test their talent attributes, and quickly start practicing.There is still a gambling agreement between Nie Li and Shen Xiu. To reach the bronze one-star level within two months! In addition to his own cultivation, Nie Li's eyes fell on the distance. Ye Zixuan was like a standout among the girls. How could he approach Ye Zixuan? And let Ye Ziyan like himself? When Nie was left in a state of disorientation, Xiao Ning'er, who was sitting in the front row, suddenly stood up and walked towards Nie away from here.Xiao Ning'er is the only girl in this class who is beautiful and comparable to Ye Zixuan. Their every move will attract the attention of everyone in the class.Ye Zixuan's temperament is peaceful and gentle, never condescending and bullying, and many civilian or family girls in the class are willing to be friends with Ye Zixi.Xiao Liao-er is a cold-hearted and aloof character.Even girls are inaccessible, let alone boys.Is it possible that Nie Li provoked Xiao condensate? “Nie must be miserable!” Looking back at Xiao Lian'er's back, several families of children in the class smiled and discussed. In their view, Xiao Ning'er took the initiative to find Nie Li. It certainly would not have any good. It was estimated that To find trouble with Nie LiOtherwise, such an iceberg beauty as Xiao Ninger, but also with the loss of this residue residue Nie what happened? If such things happen, the sun really has to come out from the west.Shaw's repairs will soon be close to the bronze one-star realm. If there is any conflict, the bedding must be Nie Li! Those families are waiting to see the show. Many of them love Xiao Lian'er. After all, Xiao Geling is not inferior to Ye Ziyan's super beauty! Xiao Linger deliberately wore a checkered lace dress today, with black ink behind him, and a beautiful bracelet on her wrists, making her extraordinarily beautiful.Xiao Ning'er usually wears a tight jacket, because it is convenient to practice, but with her beauty, she wears a tight jacket to wear out some unique flavors, but today she seems to have been dressed up more than usual. To be pretty and take a look, it will be hard to look away againSo well dressed, it seems to be the first time for Xiao TingerNie Li and Du Ze and Lu Piao were still chatting and Xiao Lier had already reached the desk of Nie Li.Xiao Ning Er seems to have a unique gas field. As soon as she walks over, Du Ze and Lu Giao have already stood up nervously. Xiao Dinger is usually a little cold and always ignores people and makes them inaccessible.They are worrying about Nie.Xiao Ninger looked at Nie Li and Nie Li sat in a chair casually, his eyes swaying from time to time to Ye Zixuan in the distance. This made Xiao Ning'er helplessly discouraged. Nie Li’s eyes seemed to be only Ye Zixuan. Notice her presenceSince he was massaged by Nie from last night, Xiao Lier’s body has been much better, and last night he slept sounded extra sweet.In the early morning, Xiao Ning'er rushed to the library to try to find the source of the guided technique. However, she discovered that the library had only a very brief record of the guiding technique. It was passed down from the time of the snow empire. Cheats! In addition, after Nie Li's reform of the soul power cultivation practice, it has become extremely profound, she only practiced half an hour in the morning, the demon spiritual power will increase by 2 points, even more obvious than the practice of a full day of practice ! In Xiao Lian'er's mind, Nie Li is mysterious and powerful.What makes Xiao condensate proud is that she only knows the talent of Nie Li in this class! What kind of ignorance the class ridiculed Nie apart! Xiao Ning'er stood beside Nie Li's desk and quietly looked at Nie Li who was laughing and laughing.Several family members discuss"How do you think Xiao Liner will teach Nie Li?" "Nie Li has only five magical powers. It is estimated that he will be thrown out of the classroom!" "Haha, Nie departs from this kid who doesn't know that Tian Gao is thick and he offends Shen Xiu Tui. Actually he provoked Xiao Lian’er again. He would be very miserable!” Even Douzer and Lu Piao looked nervously at Xiao Lian’er. They did not understand that Xiao Ning’s arrogant woman suddenly came over and wanted to do it. In their hearts, they left Nie to die half dead. Nie Li was really alive everywhere! If Xiao Ninger wants to leave Nie Li, they will surely go up to help, but even if the three of them add together, they will fight Xiao Lian'er who has a magical power of 78! Xiao Ning'er will soon arrive at the bronze one-star realm and become a true demon teacher! At this point, whether Ye Zixuan or Shen Yue and others, they all cast their gaze on it.Ye Zixuan also has some doubts. I don't know where Nie left him.Do you think that Nie is away from the mischief? Such as Nie Qi, a deputy, should really be taught! Everyone's eyes are full of doubtsSeeing that Xiao Lian-er stood at his own table so nicely, Nie Li couldn't help accidentally. He looked up and asked, “Is there anything?” On this occasion, Nie Li didn’t even know how to call Shaw. Dinger, there is still a bit of awkward thought about yesterday’s situation.After actually touching Xiao Lian’er, Nie Li found that Xiao Ning Er was not as cold and arrogant as she was.In fact, Xiao Ning's heart is a gentle cute girl! Xiao Ning'er moved his right hand and took out a paper bag from the space ring and said softly: “This is what I did for breakfast. I don’t know what taste you like and I’ve done a few more." Xiao Lier puts the paper bag on the table very gentlywhat? what happened? The entire classroom was momentarily plunged into silence, and even a needle dropped on the ground could be heard. Everyone thought he was mistaken.Duze and Lu’s mouth were open and looked at this scene in a silly manner. They could almost plug an egg. They couldn’t believe their eyes.Xiao Ning'er said that it was one of the two goddesses in their class. Even if they were placed in the entire Shenglan College, I am afraid that it was also the top ten school flower class beauty. She usually felt a bit cold and cold, and it was a little stranger, but What do they see today? Xiao Ninger actually gave Nie away a breakfast, but still several? The sun rises from the west? is this real? Everyone is like a thunderstorm"I must be in sleepwalking. I must go back to sleep and wake up!" one student murmured."Hey!" There were several students who thought they were dreaming and licked themselves. The clear pain tells them that they are not dreaming."This is not in accordance with the common sense!" The wrinkles of the children of several families still do not know what is going on. Xiao Liner's dress today also shows a tenderness that makes them unbelievable.They thought that the goddess Dinger was looking for Nie's trouble, but she did not expect to give Nie away breakfast! If Xiao Geling gave breakfast to them, even if they were pigs, they would be as sweet as they were! Xiao Ning'er usually has very few female friends. He is too lazy to deal with other boys. He only looks at the waste, Nie Li, but he also puts his body down to Nie to send breakfast. This...is too incongruous. ! Is it because Nie had broken Shen Xiu’s tutor and was fined? If this is the case, even if they are punished for a few years, they will have to run against Shen Xiu Tutor! Xiao Ninger did not think so much. She just wanted to express her thanks to Nie. She did not care what other people think of her. Anyway, she has always done her own business.Xiao Ning Er does not care about other people's views. Those people laugh at and despise Nie Li because those people are ignorant. Sooner or later, they will find that they don’t know gold! In this world, only she alone knows Nie's talent! At this time, even Ye Zixuan and Shen Yue were also in the fog, incredible, the result is that they never expected! "What the hell is going on here?" Shen Yue's sullen expression, like Xiao Ning'er, such a proud woman of the days, how could he take a look at Nie away from such garbage and take the initiative? At the same time, Ye Zixuan also had a deep curiosity about Nie Li.Ye Zixuan and Xiao Ning'er were very good friends when they were young. Xiao Xinger’s family was declining. The two did not communicate because of family reasons.But after that, Ye Zixuan never delivered a sincere friend, so Ye Zixi more and more misses the time when she first played with Xiao Ning'er. When she knew that Xiao Ning'er enrolled at Shenglan College, Ye Zixie let his father. Arranged her into Holyland CollegeBecause Xiao Ning Er, Ye Zixuan began to pay attention to Nie Li. What was the reason? Xiao Ninger actually took the initiative to pursue Nie from this boy who had no achievements? I really don’t understand that Shaw’s move really does have such a meaning.“Can I sit and eat together?” Xiao Ninger looked at Nie Li and looked at Du Ze and Lu Piao again.Duze and Lu Piao's eyes flickered and fell on Nie Li's body.Although they did not dare to think of Xiao Ning'er, there was Xiao Lian-er, a beautiful woman sitting next to him. It was still very seductive.Nie Li was silent for a moment and nodded his head and said, "Okay!" I don't know why. When I saw Xiao Ning'er, Nie Li would always remember the picture of the last night. Xiao Liaoer's figure was boneless and white. Creamy skin, my heart is still a bit embarrassingXiao Ning'er brought the breakfast out and filled it with various delicate pastries. People couldn't help watching it. The fresh scent seemed to float to every corner of the classroom."Daze, Lu Piao, you also eat together!" Xiao Ninger said to Daze and Lu PiaoXiao Lian'er Goddess was able to call their name, which made them feel flatteredThe cool, cool-hearted Goddess is not as difficult to touch as it is legendary."Then I'll use Nie Li's light!" Lu smiled, picked up a piece of cake and ate it, his mouth bulging, muttering, "It's delicious!" Looking at Lu Piao's appearance, Du Ze was speechless. TheXiao Ning can not help but smile, even more vivid and charming, so that the students in the class can not help but eyes sluggish, they rarely see Xiao Gelin smile, the entire world in front of her smile, are overshadowedNie Chengzhong sighed slightly. He lived and died with Ye Zixuan's previous life. He experienced too much, so Xiao Ninger followed him, destined to be just a friend.