One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel reading"Nie Li, why did you give it to me?" Ye Ziyan raised his head, and the big bright eyes blinked and looked at Nie Li."Because I love you"Nie looked at Ye Zixi and said with a smile.""Then I can't even accept it"When you hear Nie Bold's confession, Ye Zixuan's cheeks are flushed with redness. She has already received a great favor from Nie Li. If she again receives her feelings from Nie, she will never know how to return."Well, even if you owe me a favor, I will definitely have something to help you later."Nie Li thought for a moment, and it was obviously not easy for this stubbornly beautiful girl to promise herself so soon.""What can I do for you?" Ye Ziyan lowered his head, Qiaolian still full of redness"Of course you can help me, but you are the daughter of the landlord. I don't know how many people would like to ask you to do things. I am the same! I have merged with the demon spirit. This snow queen is not suitable for my own attributes. It's useless to keep it."Ye Nie looked at Ye Zixuan's head and looked at it, thinking that this little girl was getting more and more attractive."After hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zixuan hesitated and nodded. “Well, then, but what you let me do is definitely not a bad thing!” “Of course, have you ever seen someone who is still more upright than me? "" Nie Li is looking straight, and says seriously.Hearing Nie Li’s words, Ye Zixuan suddenly giggled and smiled, and Nie Li’s words were so funny. Who did the sacred people turn around when they were just? “Nie Li, this Snow Queen I took it, I’ll see how this god-level growing demon spirit is.Even if I owe you a favor, you can ask me to do one thing for you, but it must not be a bad thing, otherwise I will let my father pay you to buy this demon spirit! “Ye Zixi lifted her hands and looked like a butterfly briskly.Zi Lian Zi’s own ignorance is that she has gradually treated Nie Li as a very close person. If she changes to other people, such as Shen Yue and others who send her something, she will absolutely not accept it.Looking at Xie Zi’s petite figure gradually disappearing, Nie Li smiled and murmured: “We will not be able to meet again in a long time. Former lives and lives, the fate will have you and me together, even if we have to worry about it, we cannot Cut offAfter saying, Nie slowly turned to leaveSoon afterwards, Nie Lie quickly rolled up with the thirteen-year-old age of sacred family gold and a star demon psychiatrist Shen Xiao. The entire city of glory shook. For many years, the city of glory has never been seen. This amazing genius! Tianxin family once again entered the sight of everyone, and the people who visited Tianxie every day were in an endless stream.However, Nie left suddenly disappeared. None of the retreats were seen. Those who wanted to meet Nie Li were all blocked by the Tian-tzu family.After the news spread out, the city guards found signs of the activities of the Dark Guild throughout the city of glory, and captured and killed dozens of dark guilds.In order to ensure the safety of Nie-li, Ye Zong, the city's owner, has decided to take Nie Li into the main government office.After knowing this news, the activities of the Dark Guilds slowly ceased. If Nie Li was left at Tianxhuang, the Dark Guild’s people would absolutely not let Nie away, but Nie Li was taken into the main government office. Inside, they haven’t had the courage to do things in the main city house.After all, the city’s main office is home to legendary demon spirit masters, several black gold deities, and numerous martial arts masters.In addition to Nie Li, Nie Li also brought Nie Yu into the main government house. He decided to teach Nie Yu to cultivate himself. As far as the family of Tian Gen, there is no one who dares to move Tianxie family, as long as he is not in the Tian Gen family. The Dark Society will not be able to sell to Tianle family because it is worthless and meaningless.All this was expected in Nie Li’s case. Nie Li’s ability to reveal his strength in the war of genius was already considered this step.It is said that when Shen Yue of the sacred family heard that Nie Li had demonstrated a golden level of strength and had already been accepted into the city's main residence, he ran up indignantly and madly.He originally had a little hope for Ye Zixuan, and he knew he had no hope at all.When Yang Xin heard about the news in the Association of Alchemists, he understood why Nie Li was completely confident. It was estimated that Nie Li had already expected that he would be accepted into the city's main office. It seems that she would later go to see Nie Li and she would have to go to the landlord. The government wentShen Hong, the owner of the sacred family, finally cleared the door. After this period of retreat, he made a big progress, but he still did not enter the realm of the legendary genie. The legendary psychic master was not so easy to achieve, as the cultivation became more and more. As he ascended upwards, the more clearly he understood thisDo not know Ye Mena’s old man, how to break through, and often think that their age is getting bigger, repair is gradually fading signs, Shen Hong is more inward irritabilityWhen he heard about the betting incident, he suddenly became furious and Shen Ming had been working steadily. Therefore, he had always been reassuring. However, he did not expect Shen Ming to make such a big mistake, and lost all of the RMB 450 million. Demon Spirit Coin! With so much money, how many immortalities can be purchased and how many family descendants are trained? “Shen Ming, you know sin!” Shen Hong sat in a high chair, and looked coldly at Shen Ming, who was lying on the ground below.Feeling Shen Hong’s daunting gaze, Shen Ming’s body trembled with fear and jerked: “Please ask the family to forgive sin. We did not expect that the family of Tian Gen’s family would actually have such a small age. The gold-grade repairs were not given by the time, but they were given over to them.Also ask the family to see what I used to do for the sacred family..." "Shut up! "Shen Hong glanced at Shen Ming in cold angerShen Xu slammed and dared not speak out againShen Hong pondered in silence that this loss of 450 million demon spirits would not shake the foundation of the sacred family, but the pressure on Shen Hong was that during this time of his retreat, the sacred family and The family of days marks a baffling degree of incompatibility. The original family of the days traced the family and the sacred family did not need to care, but Nie had left this boy but he had to pay attention.A thirteen-year-old boy, who actually has a golden level of strength, is so talented that he can't help but feel convinced. Who can imagine how much such a teenager will grow up in the future? Once this young boy grows, it is a great threat to both the Holy Family and the Dark Society.This threat is bound to die in the cradleIf Nie Li had nothing to do with the sacred family, then Shen Hong could still tolerate him. Nie Li did not have a good match with the sacred family from the very beginning. It must be done.Nie Li was now taken into the main government house and protected. It was a bit difficult for them to kill Nie.“I don’t believe you can stay in the Shrine forever!” Shen Hong thought coldly. He glanced at Shen Ming, who was kneeling on the floor, and said, “Shen Ming, you know the rules of our sacred family. According to the family law of the holy family, you have made such a big mistake this time.But I read that you are the veteran of my sacred family, and I have made a great contribution to the sacred family. I will give you an opportunity to condemn the sins..." Hearing Shen Hong's words, Shen Ming's eyes were like a dead eye. In a flash of hope, she looked up and asked Shen Hong: "As long as the owner bids, even if there is a fire in the mountains, I will not complain! "" Well, I want you to take someone to kill Nie Li. As long as you kill Nie Li, I will send you out of the city and send you to the Dark Guild to give you a deacon! "Shen Hongdao" However, Nie was away from him in the Shrine.... "Shen Ming knew what was going on between the Holy Family and the Dark Society, either killing Nie or dying. He had no choice.""He will always have a day out!" Shen Hong said lightly"I understand, but according to the family's orders!" Shen Ming flashed a glimmer of eyelids, he knew that only in this way he had a chance! Otherwise, with Shen Hong's means, he must have no bones! "Shen Ming, I do not treat you thin, you can not let me down!" Shen Hong right hand swirling his left hand pull finger, that dark brown eyes, shining with a kind of radiant lightHearing Shen Hong’s deep voice, Shen’s heart trembled without a trace. In addition to himself, the lives of his family were all in the hands of Shen Hong. He only had one stroke! For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience