City of RadianceA block of endless courtyards, magnificent, pavilions, bridges, picturesqueAt the same time, it is heavily guarded here. Any guard is a silver warrior. From time to time it is also possible to see some gold class warriors patrolling back and forth. It is said that some other houses still have black gold warriors and spirit masters.Here is the core area of ​​the entire city of glory! Nie Li and Nie Yu were arranged in one of the other yards. As long as they are not the strong black-level attackers, they are extremely safe here. It is obvious that Nie departs from this genius. "Nie left his brother. Why do we need to live in the city's main office?" Nie Yu asked amiably, and she has been very nervous since she entered the city house."Because it's safe here!" Nie Li smiled and patted Nie Yu's shoulder. "You don't have to be afraid. You have Nie away from your brother. You're relieved. And the daughter of the landlord is your nephew. Did you know anything?” “Oh, kid?“Nie Yu looked up and looked at Nie Li in surprise. Did Nie and his brother find him a blind man when they left him? And was the daughter of the landlord? Nie Yu was full of doubts, but Nie Li did not explain it. It was estimated that the city owner could not have imagined him. The act of protecting the genius was actually introduced into the room. Nie Li was sincere from the beginning.Hey, come to the main government house, ah, usually practicing cultivation, boring but also can play tricks Ye Ziyan, life is really leisurely ahIf there is no sacred family and dark guild, there are not so many evil beasts to attack.In order to live a happy life in the future, I can only think of ways to get rid of the sacred family near the eyelids.If past lives were not to betrayed by the sacred family, the city of glory would not fall so easily. The most important source of troubles often came from the inside.Nie Li is still the silver two-star, but in terms of strength, it is not a problem to crush gold stars and two stars. However, this is still far from enough, and we must pay close attention to cultivation.“What can I do to improve my strength as soon as possible?” Nie suddenly shot his head. “I forgot how to forget this and actually forgot to enter heaven and earth. The only thing that can care for him is in Shenglan College. Things are the days of heaven“Be prepared for the first time, look for an opportunity to visit the heavens and the heavens!” Nie thought for a moment.Nie sat down and began to practice. Next to Nie Yu, she sat neatly next to Nie's practice. She was very sensible, she did not disturb her, but she devoted herself to cultivation.One day, two days... Time goes by, Nie Li and Nie Yu are still quite good here. The landlord’s office will not be restricted except for the core area. There are special persons for all meals, and outsiders can always come forward. Come to visitIt is said that in a few days, the Lord of the City Lords and Ye Mo will meet Nie away in person, so the acolytes and guards around them are very polite to both Nie and the brothers and sisters.Nie Li’s repairs steadily improved. On the fifth day, repairs were finally promoted again, and the soul power reached the level of silver Samsung.After reaching Samsung Silver, Nie Li did not continue to rush upwards. It was just beginning to repair or not to upgrade too fast. It was better to settle for a bit of time, but it was not necessary to worry too much.He blinked and came to the main city government for so many days. Ye Ziyan did not come to find him.Near the evening, the afterglow of the setting sun sprinkled the golden light to the main government, making this building even more magnificent."It's estimated that the girl is very thin and she can't pull her face. It seems that I can't help but look for you!" Nie Yi thought for a moment and smiled. He looked at Nie Yudao next to him. "It's light, I'll look for you." Hey, you are here to practice""Oh"Nie rained his eyes and looked at Nie Li with a puzzled look. How did Nie leave the brother to prepare for the blind? Although she was puzzled, she still did not ask, and she stayed in the yard to practice.After Nie Li's stepped out of the other courtyard, he summoned the demon spirit and disappeared.Several gold military guards beside Nie Biexiang felt a strange sensation. They looked around vigilantly and found nothing. This took back their gaze. They thought it was their own illusion."The imaginary warfare of the demon-evil spirit is not available at home. The ability to hide the breath is not strong enough. If you encounter a gold-level opponent, you can fool things through. If you meet black gold or even a legendary strongman, you will certainly be Find“Nie’s secretly thinking about it, she went to the other hospital where Ye Zixun lived.Although Nie had never been here before, she still listened to Ye Zixuan telling about the various things in the landlord's office, and also knowing where Ye Zichen lived.It was a little small excitement to steal the daughter of the landlord. Nie was secretly thinking and could not help but smile.The master of the cloud is the city's main government, and Nie Liru is in the no-haven state. The gold-level warriors have no real threat to Nie Li.A small courtyard in front of him appeared in the sight of Nie Li. It was a chic little courtyard filled with various flowers and trees. From afar it was possible to see a second floor of the wall. Small building, here is where Ye Zi lives.After the door of the courtyard was blurred, Nie Li passed through it with ease. After removing the blur, Nie walked in from the Great Wall.On a stone in the corner of the courtyard, Ye Zizhen is sitting on a plate and practicing. Soul power is coiled around the body and a white imaginary shadow appears behind him.This white, imaginary figure was wearing a white flying robe with a beautiful face and a white ice cap. There was an indescribable dignity. The demon spirit was the Queen of the Snow and the Snow. It was among many evil beasts, most like a human being. Kinds of Wicked Animals, It is said that the Snow Queen was a goddess in ancient times.The Snow Queen is very rare, and it will display a very powerful snow storm.Nie Li's eyes fell on Ye Zixuan's body. When he had a fever on his nose, he almost shed nosebleeds. Ye Zixuan was just taking a shower and his hair was wet, adding a bit of cute temperament and wearing only a thin one. Gauze, faintly can see that slightly uplifted charming ****The scene reminded Nie of the past life. Ye Ziye was holy in the moonlight as a goddess. The two embraced each other and listened to the sound of breathing. Nie Li's hand gently kneaded the pair of soft, Some people say that the most proud moment for men is to hold the first lover's YufengNie Li took a deep breath, although Ye Zixuan hasn’t grown up yet, but he’s also a winner. After practicing nine ice phoenixes, the skin blown bullets can be broken, which is even more attractive.At this moment, what Ye Zixuan felt in cultivation, he opened his eyes and shouted: “Who?” When she saw Nie Li, she relaxed and asked, “Why? You? How come you come here?” If someone else suddenly appeared in this other courtyard, Ye Zixuan would doubt the other party’s attempt. Even if it was some very familiar person, Ye Zixuan could not completely put down his vigilance, but even Ye Zixuan did not know himself. When she saw Nie Li, she relaxed down subconsciously."I'll come and see. You're pretty chic in this house, but it's definitely boring to live alone. Otherwise, I'll move in with you.""Nie looked around, like nodded with great satisfaction."Ye Zizhuo looked glazedly at Nie Li's eyes, and he was ashamed to say hello. This man, how can he be brazen to such a degree! Did I say that I lived very boring? Even if I live very boring, it will not let you move in!