Ye Zixuan suddenly thought of something, ah shouted out loud[Love goes to the novel network.] "Nie Li, you turn around!" Ye Zixuan blushed and anxiously rubbed his feet."What's wrong?" Nie looked away from the blink of an eye and looked at his eyes again. It was not always possible to see it. Turning his head was not a loss.“Nie Li, how can you do this, I...” Ye Zi’s appearance was swift and hurried. She hurriedly took out a piece of clothing from the space ring. At the moment, she was upset and she was young. She was the first time she was The boys see themselves so"Isn't I haven't seen it yet?" Nie murmured, and slowly turned around, smiling gravely. "You wear clothes, I don't see it!" "You can't turn, or I'll... again I don't care about you!” Ye Ziyan didn’t know what to say, he could only use this threatThe noise from the back of Nie Li came from a frightening voice, but this time Nie Li didn’t turn around to see him. He didn’t want to rush the beautiful girl behind, anyway, today. This trick earned"Well, you can turn aroundHearing Ye Zixuan's voice, Nie Li turned around and found that Ye Zixuan had put on a white dress. The delicate purple had a little bit of wet hair. He put it on his shoulders and looked soft and elegant. The white skin was just like peeling. Shell eggs, the eyes of the water Lingling flash twinkling as if to speak, a little red lips and white skin, even more distinct, a pair of small dimples evenly distributed on both sides of the cheek, face with a hint of lure Man's BlushThis kind of moving appearance makes Nie Li stay in check"Nie Li, I remember today's event, I will find you afterwards!" Ye Zi looked guilty to Nie Li, but even angry look is particularly good-looking, do not know why, Nie from that hot Her eyes gave her a strange feeling"I forgot that you had owed me a favor before!" Nie Li looked at Ye Zixiang with a smile. "I also looked at you and I just offset it!" "No, this is two different things. Also yours! This matter must not be such a thing!” Ye Zixun said with dissatisfaction, she felt that she had lost too much and she had been given a glimpse of Nie."This way, or I'll let you see it back!""Who wants to see you!" Ye Zi rubbed her feet and quickly closed her eyes. She was so helpless. Nie was so awkward about this guy. Just do not know why, Ye Zixuan's heart, but it was a faint ripple, she was the daughter of the city owner, usually even a friend did not, how have such a person, can be so unscrupulously teasing her? Because of Nie Li’s existence, her original monotonous life adds a few different colors.[Love goes to the novel network.] "Since you don't look at it, forget about it."Nie left shrugs his shoulders, his mouth slightly upturned, and looks at Ye Zixiu's lovely appearance. There is a faint sense of warmth in his heart. He can be reborn again and see Ye Zixuan once again is really good. He will definitely live up to God's favor! I looked around at the Grand Laka and walked toward the small building of Ye Zixuan."What are you doing?" Ye Zixuan saw Nie Li's move, but he was anxiously asking"I haven't invited me to visit your boudoir since I came here. Is it too polite?" Nie away went straight to Ye Ziyan's small building.Impolite? Ye Zixuan is almost crazy. Whoever is impolite, whoever breaks the door and breaks into the girl's yard, then he will visit the girl's boudoir? "Nie Li, you stopped for me!" Ye Zixi called anxiously, and her mortuary sister was sneaked in by others.[Love to the novel network.] Just listen to the sound of a bang, Nie Li has slipped into Ye Zizhi's small building like a loach, the past life did not see Ye Zixun's boudoir, his heart is full of curiosity, do not know Ye Zixi's boudoir How is it?Into the small building, walked all the way, got into Ye Zixuan's mortuary chamber, Ye Zixuan's boudoir was arranged very delicately, placed a variety of carved decorations, pink robes, showing a bit sweetNie Li looked around very freshly and looked behind the screen. There was a cask on the other side, and he was braving the heat. Ye Zixuan just took a shower here and went out to practice.Think of Ye Zixi's bathing in a wooden barrel, Nie Li couldn't help but heartburn.Ye Zixi rushed in and ran in“Nie Li, how can you casually break into someone’s girl’s harem and go out quickly?"Ye Ziyun was shy and intimidated, but in the face of the rogue Nie Li, she was completely ignorant."It's all right. Just take a look at the mortuary and it won't be pregnant."Nie away took a deep breath, there is a familiar light fragrance, is the taste of Ye Zixi.""Pregnancy?" Ye Ziyan had his eyes widened. The look was like a thunderstorm. What Nie Li had in his mind, she simply wanted to knock the head of Nie away and read it! "The hot water is set ah, you go out first, I'll take a bath first!" Nie removed three clothes and took two clothes off, and then jumped into the barrel with a quick cry. "It's so comfortable!" "Ahhh!" Ye Zixuan is almost crazy. Nie Liyi came here and went to his own house. The cask was just after she had just finished washing. How can you, how can you jump in? Moreover, Nie Li had shamelessly presented her clothes before shamelessly! Ye Ziyan is deeply weak. If she still stays here, does she have to look at Nie's bath? Ye Ziyan can only retreatIn the small courtyard, Ye Zixuan's thoughts were in disorder and he sat on a stone. The slender fingers kept folding a grass stem. Although he was bullied by Nie, Ye Zixuan was not unhappy in his heart, and he could not tell how it was. Emotions"Hateful guy!" Ye Ziyan thought irritablyMaybe she is really too lonely. She usually has no friends in the college. After her mother died, her father and grandfather were also busy with their own affairs. They seldom stayed with her so much that if someone came to bother her, she would feel very happy.Although Nie Li was a bit rogue, she did not hate Nie Li at all.Nie Li is very aware of Ye Zixuan's character and will make such a move. He will not let Ye Zixie alienate himself.In the warm water, there is still fragrance of leaves and leaves. If we can bathe together, it would be nice. The picture is so wonderful. I think, Nie Li's heart can not help but have to speed up a bit, but the road is long and long. Hey, Nie Li knows that if he wants to go there, he will have to work harder.At this moment, there was a knock on the door of the yardHearing this voice, Ye Zixuan’s face suddenly changed. This knock on the door, clearly, her father cameNie is still in the room! Finished! At this time, Nie Li also heard the knocking outside, suddenly stupid, this can play big! When she thought of Ye Zi’s father’s solemn, cold face, Nie left a headache.~~ Explain that in the mind of Nie Li, Ye Zixuan is his woman, so it is so casualThis should not have anything to do with rogue, Nie Li will not do the same thing for Xiao.Rushing the list, asking everyone to recommend ticket support! ! ~~Mobile phone users please read w to read better reading experience