The previous generation of Nie Lie did not have much contact with Ye Zixi's father, but he also knew that his father-in-law was a hard-hearted, eccentric man who was extremely difficult to mess with."" Over, Ye Zixuan's father was extremely severe, and his relationship with Ye Zixuan was not as good.If such a father-in-law discovers that he is actually naked in his daughter's room, what might be done! Nie away from the mentality before he swept away, hurriedly wearing a pair of pants, and then summoned the demon spirit, opened the virtual hidden, moving towards the outsideHave to swiftly drive, or no chance, to know that the landlord is a black gold level demon psychic, the most close to the legendary level of existence! At this time, in the small courtyardA well-built man walked in. He was dressed in a gray robe and his hair was behind his head. The face of fortitude seemed very cold.There is a breath of ambiguity on the body, and there is a kind of superior who is not angryYe Zixuan was stunned. She never expected that his father would come in at this time. He suddenly stared blankly, knowing that Nie was still bathing in her room. If her father knew, what might happen to her?"Yao Er, how is your face not so good, have you been sick recently?" Ye Zong wrinkled his brow and asked quietly."No...no"Ze Zixi hurriedly shook her head. Her heart was flustered. I did not know if Nie Li in the room knew that her father had come? But don't be found! If Nie Li was found, his father was angry and Nie Li was in danger." TheAt this time, Ye Zixuan was worried about the safety of Nie Li.Ye Zong suddenly noticed something and wrinkled his brow: "You here, how could there be other people's breath?" After hearing Ye Zong's words, Ye Zixuan suddenly felt surprised that her father was a black gold demon psychic, and Has reached the peak of the black gold demon psychic division, only one step away from the legendary, perception is very keen“How could it be? There is only one daughter here!” Ye Zixuan hurriedly waved his hand and it seemed a bit flurry.Ye Zong looked coldly at Ye Zixuan. He could tell at a glance that Ye Ziyan was lying. Not only did he have other people's breath, but he was still a man.Ye Zong Leng grunted, a majestic soul power enveloped the entire other yardAt this time, she was preparing to leave Nie Li from the rear of the house, feeling that powerful soul power descended from the sky and suddenly dared to move. If he was afraid of anything, he desperately breathed the breath, and all the soul power came out through the body. , into the shadow demon spirit bodyYe Zong’s soul power searched over and over again, and after a few moments, he locked himself around Nie Li’s surroundings.When Nie departed, he complained that he did not have much time to cultivate. After all, the soul power was silver and two stars. If he could reach the level of gold, then he would not be able to discover the darkness and concealment of the demon spirit.But now, Ye Zong should have found his place"Is actually a virtual combat technique, I did not expect to have a bit of skill, not a idiot!" Ye Zongheng groaned, he was well-informed, and he still knew so much about the tactics of warfare. Out of it, turned into a rope, and tied Nie away.Under the oppressive shackles of a very powerful soul force, Nie Li's tactics of tactical tactics finally failed and his body slowly emerged.Ye Zong’s soul force throws Nie away from the ground, and the ground suddenly bursts open."Keke and cough!" Nie Li suddenly spit out a blood, the body suffered, the internal organs shocked, but Ye Zong is obviously merciless, or with his strength, a blow can kill Nie from the“Nie Li, how are you?” Ye Zixuan anxiously at the sight of this scene, ran to Nie Li’s side and held Nie away, frowning and looking at Ye Zong. “Father, how can you do it for no reason? I hurt my friend?” “Friend?” Ye Zongheng sneered and glared at Ye Zixi. “You explain and explain to me. What's going on here?” “My name is Nie Li and I meet the Lord of the City!” Nie Li Running soul power, healed himself, and bowed slightly toward Ye Zong. Anyway, after all, the other party was the father of Ye Zixuan. The father-in-law of the future, although this was the first meeting, it was a bit awkward.“Nie Li? I have a slight impression. You are the one who was recruited into the main office of the city and said, What are you doing in my daughter's other home?” Ye Zong looked at Nie Li coldly and Nie Li only wore a piece. The trousers were squatting on the upper body. His eyes giddily swept away and he swept away."Of course it was coming here. I was a classmate of Zitong. I knew she lived here and came here to seeNie said with a smile"Yingmen? Are there any clothes off?" Ye Zong yelled, like a real thunder, bombarded on the heart of Nie Li, looked at Ye Zixuan, his face sank down. "Purple, I'm very disappointed with you." I did not expect that you actually made such a thing that ruined family traditions!” When Ye Zong’s words were heard, Ye Zixuan's Jiaotou was a little startled, his eyes were red, and he looked lonely.Seeing Ye Zixuan's appearance, Nie Li looked up at Ye Zongdao: "Please, my uncle should not misunderstand me. There is nothing between me and the Purple Pelican. If there is any problem, I'll do it for me. Nothing!” When he heard Nie Li’s words, Ye Zong had to be furious and he stepped forward towards Nie Li. The entire house was filled with sand, and the black gold demon nerd was very angry. Whether it was Nie or Ye Zi’e’s Feeling a horrible atmosphere of oppression"If you come to you? You still have a little bit of ambition and ruined the reputation of the wind and snow family. You don't want to live and leave."Ye Zong waved his right hand, and a surge of soul, like the tide, moved towards Nie and left.Nie away from the face slightly changed, he thought Ye Zongding put him up, using criminal penalties generally can, and did not expect Ye Zong would actually kill the killer, with his current strength, simply can not fight the black gold demon psychic, Nie Centrifuge Depressed, if the repair to upgrade some to reach the gold level, then there is at least one force, Nie eccentric in that regret! If you die here, it is really worth it! The whole city of glory is waiting for him to save it! The soul of the sea oscillates, Nie Li rushes out of the blood, hits the wall, then falls down."Thank you for this strength, but also dare to let go in my main city house?" Ye Zong right foot, it is a wave of soul surging out"Father, don't!" Ye Zixuan saw this scene. The crystal tears slipped down his cheeks and swept away. They stopped in front of Nie Li's body. With the surging of soul power, the illusion of the Snow Queen appeared. Over her sky, the wind and snow of the sky formed a powerful storm, instantly forming a thick wall of blizzard in front of her body.This blizzard wall instantly collapses into pieces under the bombardment of Ye Zong’s soul.The difference in power is too great. Even if Ye Zong does not need to summon the demon spirit, he can easily defeat the deceive spirits of Nie Li and Ye Zixuan."Actually, the Snow Queen Emblem is combined, dare to fight with the father, is really a long-term ability! Let go!" Ye Zong eyes staring coldly at the purple leavesYe Zong's whole body is exudes a terrible atmosphereThis kind of breath made Ye Zixuan feel strange. She cried and said: "My father, beg of you, let go of Nie! If you let go Nie Li, I'm willing to accept punishment."Looking at the icy look of Ye Zong, like a sword, Nie Li wiped the blood from his mouth and slowly stood up, screaming around the body, and slowly forming a huge wing behind him." This is the transformation of soul power, but Nie Lihua’s wing is several times larger than Shaw’s wing, and it is three pairs. Six pairs of huge wings are slowly flapping behind him. The power of the majestic unit is opposed to Ye Zong’s soul power."I didn't do it because you were the father of Zi Zi, not that I was afraid of you..." The cold, cold words spit out slowly in the mouth of Nie Li, and the sharp eyes look like sharp swords.At this time, Nie Li, suspended in the sky, is like a god. There is a terrible smell in the eyes.u