“Purple, you let it go!” Nie Li said from Shen Sheng. His eyes look like substance. He completely stimulated the potential of the soul and the spirit reached the peak of his life.Feeling the majestic soul force that Nie revealed from the body, Ye Zong's eyes flashed a glimmer of a glimpse of his face. Nie Liecai was at a young age and actually suppressed his breath on a certain level. The talent is really amazing, but he still looks coldly watching Nie Li."Nie left, no, I beg you!" Ye Ziyan burst into tearsNie Li looked coldly at the front of Ye Zong and said coldly, “Do you deserve to be a father? From childhood to age, you have been concerned about Zi Zi? In addition to constantly asking her to continue practicing cultivation, you are What did she do? Did she know the solitude of her heart? There wasn't a close friend in the college. In the city's main office, whether you were the old Yemena guy, they were all busy with their own affairs. I'm just a good friend with Zi Zi, even if I have anything to do with Zi Zi, do you want to kill people so indiscriminately? Do you care about the feelings of Zi Zi? What you care about is just Feng Xue’s family? Honorable only!" "Boy, you know what you are talking about? You are looking for a death! It's up to you, but also dare to let me go so arrogant?" Ye Zong becomes even more furious, sinking and cry, a spirit of stock spirits Throughout the body, a greater amount of soul power went down from all directions to Nie Li.Nie left to fly outNie Li’s soul power constantly bombarded Ye Zong’s soul force and exploded continuously in the void.Nie was shot and flew out again and again."I'm afraid of death is a soft egg. Even if I die, I have to say: Do you think that the Lord of the City is awesome? I didn't put you in the eyes! Isn't it a black gold demon psychic? Give me a year, I can do it. Turning you? The black gold demon psychic is amazing? Even the legend of Lao Tzu has seen it!” Nie was completely black and blue, half an eye, and licked, “Yeah, if you have to fight now, Lao Tzu As soon as you die, you must also use your soul to learn and teach you! "If you cast your soul into one, you must be the result of two loses. Nie Li doesn't want to do this, and he doesn't want Ye Ziyan to be sad. After all, people are opposite. It is Ye Zixi's father! "Years of the year depend on you, and you also want to defeat the black gold demon psychiatrist in a year?" Ye Zong smirked at Nie Li, his mouth hanging with a deep disdain."Why, what do you want to try?" Nie ran away with his hands on his hips. Anyway, he had already let go and pointed to Ye Zong. "If I were to give it for a year, I must put you under your feet!" This is what you said. If you can beat me within a year, then I will not pursue today's things. And you, Ye Ziyan!" Ye Zong glanced coldly at Ye Zichao, flashing through the corners of his eyes. A subtle, unobtrusive, soft, cold voice, “If you can't reach the gold level within a year, you two will not be allowed to meet!” Ye Zong’s soul bombards Nie away and will Nie flew away from the boomerang, slowly turned and walked outside: “Don’t forget what you said today!” The loud noise of the boom, Nie Li's soul forces collapsed, and the three pairs of wings behind him were fragmented. However, there is no worry about life. He sighs heavily, and for a moment, he feels that he has passed the death. The strength of Ye Zong's last fight is more than ordinary. Black gold demon psychic strong I do not know How many leaves were black gold has reached the pinnacle of demon spirits division, from the legendary and only a step away“Rest assured, if I say it, I will never regret it!” Nie away looked at Ye Zong’s back and solemnly said, looking at Ye Zong’s departure slowly, Nie’s eyes slipping through his doubts. It was originally thought that Ye Zong would desperately maintain the reputation of the family of Feng Xue and kill him. I did not expect Ye Zong to let go of him! ~~This part of the layout has a problem, the number of words is relatively small, so together with the following chapter to send, count as a chapter is goodread3();read4();