Ye Zixuan silently sent Nie away to the entrance of the small courtyard. After a moment of silence, Ye Zixuan lowered his head and whispered: “Nie Li, you still don’t come to me afterwards!” “Why?” Nie Li looked slightly frowned and looked at Ye Zixi. Asked±, Ye Zixi looked up at Nie Li, and the deep pupil with deep sadness said, "Are you afraid of death? Are you afraid that my father killed you?" "Kill me? If your father wants to kill? My words have long been in action!” Nie Li’s eyes were deep and deep. “Or at least they have expelled me from the city’s main government. As long as they have driven me out of the city’s main office, I will die. The Dark Society will absolutely not let me go. He It did not do this"" Why did he not do that? "Ye Ziyan's eyes flashed with a confused lookNie Li looked at the direction of Ye Zong’s departure. The back of that stalwart was like a tower. In the sunset, it was so lonely and lonely. For a moment, Nie suddenly understood a lot. “This is Things between men, anyway, after listening to me on it!” At this time Nie Lizi understand that Ye Zong does not care about Ye Zixuan, but, Ye Zong’s shoulder, bears too much“Hey, Nie Li, why should I listen to you!” Ye Zixuan grinned at her in dissatisfaction. Today, she was really wronged. Although Ye Zong’s relationship with her is not so close, there is nothing between the father and the daughter. The words can be talked, but the father's indifference and punishment are still the first time. Ye Ziyan's heart is a bit painful.The ambiguous appearance of Ye Zi is also very impressive.“Keke!” Nie also coughed out a few mouthfuls of blood and smiled. “Are you letting me go back this way?” “How are you?” Ye Zixian immediately said with concern, and quickly Supported Nie Li"No, my injury is too heavy. It is estimated that I need to raise it for you for two days!" said Nie from her chest.Ye Ziyan looked at Nie Li and his eyes fell into a state of sluggishness. Was there even more shameless people than Nie? What's in his head? Has just been hurt by his father, he actually wanted to stay here for two days? Is Nie's head filled with paste? Was he not afraid that his father would really kill him? At this time, in one corner of the Shwedagon, two figures stand proudly.One of them was Ye Zong who had just come out of Ye Ziyi’s other courtyard, and the other was the president of the Association of Alchemists."You, Lord of the city, you hurt him so much! If the master behind him gets angry, it's not a good thing for the City of Glory.The ancient Yan Yan said with a smile"Is it hurt too much?" Ye Zong's eyebrows also carry an outrageous murderousness. "I didn't kill him enough to be polite to him. This kid actually dared to play with my daughter in my city principal and destroy my daughter's innocence!" Inflammation is also helpless. Nie Li’s work is indeed too much. In the landlord’s office, the daughter of the city’s owner is molested. This is the only thing that Nie Li can do. The adult Lord of the City did not kill Nie Li. It is indeed very kind.“Why isn't the Lord of the City Lord driving him out of the main city?” “Is it useful to drive out of the main city? This kid does not know what the demon spirit is, and he actually possesses the tactics of demonization. Apart from a few black gold demon spirits, The teacher can find out where he is, and the city's main house is like no one's place for him! What's more, Ziyun's girl doesn't know what's wrong with him. He's been eaten up by this kid! It's mad at me. Can't I still Really want my daughter to find a secret place can not be locked up?” Ye Zong Leng grunted, “This kid is so much older, it is already a golden spirit master, and has contributed several formulations of immortality For the shining city, it can be counted as a great contribution. The safety of the city of glory in the future may have to rely on him. Even if it is for the city of glory, I can only tolerate this breath!" Heard Ye Zong's words, I do not know why. Ancient Yan was a bit funny, and the dignified Lord of the City had actually been tricked by a 13-year-old kid.“When I was thirteen, I dared to come into the main city to pick up girls. How long was this kid’s head? In my opinion, Zi Zi followed him, and he was also wronged. I’ve heard of this kid. Not only did she provoke a baby girl, the little baby girl of the wind-resistant thunder family, and the baby girl of the Huyan family. This boy will never have only one wife in the future!”“What should the Lord of the City prepare to do?” Gu Yan looked at Ye Zong and asked with a smile."What else can I do? Can only tolerate it!" Ye Zong gritted his teeth, since he became a landlord, he has never been so compromised, "If just now, that boy showed a trace of cartilage head, hiding behind the purple clam, then, Even if I fight against the super strong man behind him, Lao Zi will kill him! However, he is still a little bit of a bone. Even if he has many women in the future, I think this guy will not be able to bear it."I heard Ye Zong's words. Ancient Yan breathed a sigh of relief. This is not an irreparable situation."Ancient Yan, do you know what is the soul of one?" Ye Zong suddenly remembered something, looked to the ancient Yan askedAncient Yan shook his head and said: "I'm not very clear!" "According to this kid, he displayed the soul of a **, and even beat me, but it seems that the side effects of the soul is very large, No doubt after deathPresumably it should be the skill behind him who taught him, if there are ways, President Yan Yan helped me to put the soul in one's mouth! "Ye Zong said silentlyGu Yan stunned and asked: "Doesn't the Lord of the City have to cast this soul to one? This can never be allowed! The Lord of the Lord does not mean that the soul has a great deal of side-effect?" For a moment, I sighed with deep regret: "This secret method, not a last resort, certainly will not be used, but there is no shortage of equipment.In recent days, the dark guild became more and more stagnant! "" Is there any Yeh Moi adults there? What news came? “Gu Yan looked at Ye Zong, asking questions"Yes, the Dark Society wants to drive the Wicked to destroy the city of glory!" "Drive the Wicked to destroy the city of glory. What good is it for them?" Gu Yan was cold in his heart, and asked, the Dark Guild was mad. ? No hair will be attached to the skin? The city of glory was destroyed. Can they survive? "They may have other ways to escape the Wicked Attack!" said Ye Zong Shen Ye.Gu Yan thought for a moment: "Why don't the Lord of the City contact Nie apart? Maybe there will be some way to the person behind Nie away!" "Seek him?" Ye Zong sank down. "I didn't kill him. It was enough to be polite to him. It was absolutely impossible for me to ask him!” When he heard Ye Zong’s words, Gu Yan couldn’t help smiling. He didn’t know if he could think of other ways to circumvent it.At this time, in Ye Zixuan's room, Nie Li sat in bed very intimately and practiced. Although he had been seriously injured by Ye Zong, Nie Li’s soul was cracked, but breakthroughs and progress were made.He kept practicing, with a trace of soul power around his body, and after the transformation of his soul, Nie Li's repairs made another clear breakthrough. Soul power reached the level of silver Samsung, and he could soon take another step forward. Step upYe Zixuan dared not stay in a room with Nie Li. She reassigned it in the small courtyard. She thought of his father’s solemn and stern face and could not help but sigh.Her mother passed away very early. Between her and her father, the relationship was not always close. From small to large, her father’s demands on her were very strict and she kept practicing cultivation. Therefore, her cultivation was still different. The knowledge is far more than that of his peers, but a father like today is never seen before.“Nie Li, what should I do with you?” Before she thought of it, Nie Liming knew that he would not be able to stand against her. She would also be standing in front of her. Ye Zixuan’s heart was swept away, although Nie was a bit rogue and somewhat ignorant about this person. But the key moments are still very brave. Her heart is full of entanglement and distress.At the same time, his father's reaction also made Ye Zixuan feel deeply puzzled. She thought that his father was furious and would do terrible things. However, he did not expect that his father merely gave her some requirements and reached the golden demon within one year. Spirit MasterYe Zixuan really wanted to know what her father thought, but anyway, she would work very hard and would never let her father down~~About the demon gods, there must be a lot of readers before you saw the 95 chapter, and snails were actually published in other places with the title of “Demon God Ji”. At that time, it was also used as a comic script and is now reissued. Please Everyone supports itIn addition, the demon-god comics are published in Tencent anime, Yaoxi, and other places. The comic version of the demon-god is still very much like a snail. You can go and see it.read3();read4();