One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel readingNie Li did not have so many annoyances. He did not expect his luck to come back so that he would be hit by the landlord for the first time.However, Ye Zong did not tell him what, it was estimated that he knew something from the Association of Alchemists.In this case, Nie Li would have nothing to fear. He would soon allow Ye Zong to completely surrender and put his daughter on his hands. When he thinks of this, Nie Li reveals a faint smile. Goals and ideals, he has to refuelNie Li swallowed several pills and sat up and practiced.In the small courtyard, since the cultivation of nine ice phoenixes and the integration of the imperial demon spirits, Ye Zixuan's cultivation was also a rapid development. He was also not slower than Nie, and also reached the level of silver Samsung, after all, her exercises. Nie’s God of Heaven must be brave and daring, and the God of Heaven is powerful. It must be cultivated to the back to be clearly manifested.Among the seven exercises of Ye Zixuan, Xiao Tinger, Du Ze, and Lu Piao, the progress of the gods of Heaven in Nie Li is the slowest, and the difficulty of cultivation is also many times that of other people. Of course, after cultivation, the power is the most powerful. Powerful, same level after the repair, Ye Zixuan and seven other people together may not necessarily be opponents of Nie Li.The practice of cultivation is the most difficult, but the progress of cultivation can be equal to that of other people. This is the advantage of Nie Zaisheng.“Sandi, wait until I practice the gods of heaven to the top level, and then develop seven strong gods. This time we see who is stronger!” Nie was secretly thinking that he had lost the previous life. The aspect of the repair is indeed a little inferior, on the other hand, there are several God-level evil beasts around the Holy Divine, constantly siege consumption of his strength, he will fall so quicklyIn this world, he will never repeat the same mistakes. Apart from enhancing his strength, he will also bring out a few powerful helpers. He will no longer be a loner as in his previous life.After sitting for more than an hour of practice, Nie’s injuries finally recovered.“Nie Li, how are you recovering?” Ye Ziyan looked at Nie Li, and Xiu Wei froze up.After hearing Ye Zixie's words, Nie Li thought that Ye Zixuan was concerned about himself and nodded and said, "Recovery is almost done!" "Well, in this case, you have to go! If you continue to stay here, I will not be right for you. You're welcome!” Ye Ziyan's cheeky facial expression pushed Nie away."Aster, I love you all the time. You just do it to me! Ah, my internal injuries haven't recovered. I have to rest for at least two more days to get around! Ah, no, I'm going to vomit blood!" I will trust you again. If I don't leave, I will take you to pick you up!" Ye Ziyan gritted his teeth and Nie left the guy too badly."You wouldn't be so worried?" Nie looked at Ye Zixi away.“You can try it!” Ye Ziyan slammed her hands on her hips and blew it twice. Today, something like this happened. She is not arrogant and generous."Well, then I'll go back first, and I'll come back to you tomorrow!" "You'll dare to come tomorrow, you'll figure it out!" Ye Ziyan pushed Nie away, grinned and spoke with hate."Ah? Then when will I come to find you?” Nie looked at Ye Zixi.The door of the small courtyard was closed by Ye Zixuan“Then I’ll be the day after tomorrow!” Although she was rushed out by Ye Zixuan, Nie Li’s mood was not too bad. He took the back of his head with both hands and took a small tune towards his place of residence.Looking at the closed door, Ye Zi licked his feet and hated the teeth, but then he thought of something, and he smiled. The smile was bright and moving. If he was seen, he would look straight.She was really helpless to Nie from the dead-faced guy, but since this matter has developed to such an extent, she has no alternative but to listen to Nie Li’s.Seems to think of something, Ye Zixuan cheeks red if the sunrise generalNie walked away and his thoughts were far away, as if he had returned to his past life.In fact, Nie Li does not know how to pursue girls. The relationship between him and Ye Zixuan in past lives was the result of a variety of tests of life and death. After Ye Zixie was killed by Wicked Animals, although he had contacted several girls, he did not. In the face of any embarrassing relationship with them, Nie Li’s heart always read Ye Zixuan, and she was not in a mood to accept other girls.The world once again saw Ye Zixuan. Nie Wanzhong's happiness was conceivable, but this life did not have any kind of death and suffering. Nie Li did not know how to get Ye Zixuan's favor.Anyway, even if he was disgusted by Ye Zixuan, he would have to stay on her side, because Nie did not want to lose her again.At least doing nothing better than nothing, Nie Centrifuge thought, no matter how Ye Zixie did to him, Nie Li will always stay with Ye Zixi.In the other courtyards of Nie Li, Nie Yu was also practicing hard. After she saw Nie, she suddenly showed a few pleasant surprises.“Nie left her brother, are you coming back?” Nie Yu hurried up and she was always worried after Nie left.Nie Ni touched the small head of Nie Yu. "Isn't rain cultivating?"Nie’s magic from my brother is wonderful. I’m now a bronze star! "Nie Yu looked at Nie Li's eyes flitting and flashing, full of worship. In her mind, Nie Li was almost omnipotent."Nice!" Nie Li smiled and nodded, Nie Yu's practice progress is still quite goodWhen Nie Li and Nie Yu chatted, the threshold of other hospitals rang.After Nie left the door, he discovered that he was actually five people from Duze and Lu Piao. He was somewhat surprised and asked, "How did you come here?" "I heard that you came to the main city, and we came to you, but I found you. It's not easy, we finally found the president of the ancient inflammation, so that President Yan Yan gave us a passbook, we only came in!” Lu floating haha ​​laughed, “Your kid is really powerful ah, chase Ye Zixiong All came to the city's main office, admire admiration!" Duze looked up and down Nie Li, saying: “You actually defeated the genius of the sacred family Shen Xiao? This is the intention to show strength? Otherwise, with your character, It should be very low-key!” “Before it was too weak and not too assertive. Since the spirit was integrated, even people who encountered the Dark Society had the power to protect themselves.What's more, he can hang a sacred family, why not? "Nie Li smiled slightlyHearing Nie Li’s words, Lu Piao, Du Ze, and others are all obstinate."The Holy Family was really pitted by you this time, with 450 million demon spirits!" "Yeah, it is estimated that the owners of the Holy Family will all vomit blood!" Nie shook his head: "Forty-five thousand five hundred thousand The demon spirit can not be shaken to the root of the sacred family!" "Nie Li, you do not really want to get rid of the sacred family, right? That is one of the three great peak families ah!" Lu Wan eyes wide open, watching Nie Say away from"Of course, I have a sacred family, and the sacred family will certainly not be able to stop. I will soon be looking for me to settle accounts, but I don't intend to let them go!" Nie flashed a flash of light in his eyes.Seeing Nie Li's expression, Du Ze's heart was surprised. Nie Li was not like a joke. Nie Lizheng was prepared to pull down the sacred family of one of the three great peak families with his own power. This is not as simple as martial arts! "Whatever you have to do, just tell us that the brothers will definitely support you!" said Du Zemin steadily, if there was no Nie Li, there would be no today's him. No matter what, if Nie left his mouth, he would leave Life, he will never wrinkle his brow! “How can this kind of thing get me less?” Lu Piao next to it is also smiling."Good brother!" Nie divorced Duze's chest. There is such a group. Even if the sword is on the top of the sea, the good brother who never frowns his brows is really the greatest luck in life! Daze and Lu Piao, who had thought of the past lives in the glorious city, died, and the tears flashed through Nie's eyes. He would never let the glorious city fall again! ~ ~ Keke, or continue to recommend! ! For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience