“Do you know, she’s into the world?” Lu Piao next to her suddenly thought of something and said£∝ “ 进 进 进 进 进 进 “ “ 圣 圣 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 怎么 怎么 怎么 怎么 怎么 怎么 怎么 怎么 怎么 怎么 怎么 怎么?"The most recent time, you first returned to Tianxie and participated in the genius war. Later you entered the main government office. We would like to come to you too!""With the talent and cultivation of Gelinger, there should be no problem in entering the heavenly sanctuary, but it is not ruled out that there will be an accident!" Nie Li mused and looked up at Lu Peng, Du Zeyen and other humanity. "Go, we go too." ”” Nie left very early to want to look at the heaven illusion sacred territory, because there is a treasure that he very much needs in the day illusion stanza. This time, I knew Gelinger was in the illusion of heaven. Nie couldn't sit still at all. Knowing the various things in his childhood, Nie Li was very sorry for Geling’s life experience, and he admired Dinger’s tenacious character. There is a character that dares to love and hate, and Dinger does not hide his affection for him. Although Nie has already had Ye Ziyi in the eccentric, but anyway, Ding Er is also one of the few people he cherishes."If you were out of the main city, what would you do if something went wrong?" Duze frowned and asked."It's okay. I have a way. I just dress it up and go out again. Wei Nan, Zhu Xiangjun, Zhang Ming, you three are taking care of my sister here! My room is over there. You usually live there.“Nie looked at the other three people and said“Yes, don’t worry about it!” Weinan three nodded"It's light rain, stay here, concentrate on practice, I'll be back in a few days."Nie left the road that touched Nie Yu"Well, Nie was careful with her brother. Come back quickly!" Nie Yu nodded sensibly.After an account of it, Nie Li reshaped his face and became Wei Nan’s appearance. He saw Lu Piao and Du Zey’s people stupid. Nie Liyi’s means was amazing, and he made something Applying a smear on the face changes his face, except that the clothes are not the same, and looks almost exactly the same as Wei Nan."What in the world is that you won't?" Duze looked at Nie Li with a wry smile."I did not expect you to have this hand, powerful!" Lu Wing eyes wide open, with this method, Nie Li does not have to hide into the main government house, even if swaggering in the street, the dark guild people may not recognize Nie left"As a master, all kinds of life-saving methods must be proficient in some!" Nie said with a faint smile, this simple disability, for him just a piece of cake, not a clever means, the real master Still able to distinguish one person from the breath of the bodyAfter practicing on the legendary stage, the truly superb disguise is that, in addition to changing appearances, it is necessary to change the height and body atmosphere so that opponents cannot completely recognize it.Most people want to get rid of the reborn Nie Li. It is impossible without some special means.Even when he was confronted with Ye Zixuan's father, Nie Li also retained some means. However, those methods are too hot and will surely result in a loss of both sides. This is what Nie does not want to see. Anyway, that Ye Zizhen’s fatherOtherwise, even if faced with such a master as Ye Zixuan’s father, he would not be so miserable."Yes, forgot to give these things to you!" Nie moved from his right hand and took out five pieces of demon spirits. This is all the demon spirits that Nie Li merges. Each one is a god-grade growth super. Demon Spirit“What is this? Stone of the demon spirit?” Lu floated her hands on her hips and proudly smiled. “This time I worked hard at home and broke through to the silver level. My Laozi was happy and rewarded me with a golden demon spirit. I have already merged, so I don't need it! Incorporating the golden spirits, I'm going to step into the martial peaks and become a powerful golden spirit master, hahaha!” “I'm also ready to give you a fusion Gorefiend leopard, that is the demon spirit of God-level growth, you can grow to the legendary level, since you do not, then forget!” Nie shrugged, and handed a piece of the demon spirit master to Duze et al. This is the Phantom Tiger, which belongs to the demon spirit of the mad warfare system.These three are the demon spirits of the line of God, the Holy Fire, and the Holy Line of Medicine respectively. They are prepared for you.Nie Li looked at Wei Nan, Zhu Xiangjun, and Zhang Ming.Du Ze et al. had already decided to follow Nie, and they did not follow Nie off. They had come over and looked at these demon stones with some curiosity. They did not know whether these demon spirits were really the same as those described by Nie Li. powerfulThey are not yet aware of what kind of conception of God-level growth is, but Nie Li said that he can grow to a legendary level and should be a very strong presence.God level growth? Growing to a legendary level? Really powerful demon spirit? "You said that he can grow to a legendary level. Is that true?" asked Duze questioningly."Of course it's true!" Nie nodded and nodded. In fact, what he didn't say was that the demon stones he gave to Dazeh and others were not only able to grow to the legendary level, but also their future growth is incalculable. , but now even if they told them, I’m afraid they can’t understand“Hey, Nie Li, we are good brothers right, this demon spirit, can you take me to see?” Lu misty pickpocket, smiled and said a bitAfter seeing Lu Piao's appearance, Nie smiled and laughed. He did not bother him. He moved the right hand and threw the demons of the blood-evil leopard to Lu Giao."Lu Piao, and quickly throw your gold spirit to the throwing of the demon spirit, you go back and then slowly blending with the demon spirit, we first go to college, into the heavens and the Holy Land!" Nie from the road, Ding Er is still In the days of heaven, Nie Li is still worried.After all, his past life, Nie Li, had not been to the heavens and the heavens. He did not know what it was like in the heavens and the heavens, but he knew roughly what was hidden in it."Ok"Lu Pang and Du Ze noddedThe trio took out the main city and took the direction of Shenglan College.“Ye Sheng's dean, Xiao Xinger has been in this for so long. Why haven't they come out?” The next few mentors looked nervously at Ye Sheng’s request.Ye Sheng is also a frown, and Xiao Xinger’s time spent staying in is indeed longer than others. Under normal circumstances, the higher the talent, the longer the student stays in, and the less gifted ones will come out soon, but Xiao Liaoer's time is too long, right? “Yes Sheng’s dean, there are three students coming to you!” A tutor came in from the outside. “All the talented students!” “Bring them in!” Vice President Ye Sheng noddedAfter a moment, Nie Li was taken over by three people. At this time, Nie was removed from his face. After seeing Nie Li, Ye Sheng’s pupils contracted violently. He was very impressed by Nie Li.At the end of year-end testing, Nie Li’s test results on strength and soul power were only a bronze star, but only after a long time, Nie Li participated in the genius warfare, demonstrating no less than the strength of the gold class. The amazing transformation soon made him realize that something was wrongThe test of strength can be false, but the test of soul power, how to fake? Even if Ye Sheng wants to break his head, he doesn’t want to understand, but anyway, there is a super talent in the college that is a thing worth celebrating.“Ye Sheng, Vice Dean, I want to enter heaven and earth, this is no problem, right?” Nie looked away from Ye Sheng."With your strength, entering the illusion of heaven and earth is completely without any problems!" Ye Sheng nodded his head and wanted to enter heaven and earth. He must be a top student in the genius class, but Nie is now away from the present. The strength of the talented class is already invincible"Thank you, deputy dean, I will enter heaven and earth now!" Nie Li scuttled slightly against Ye Sheng.Ye Sheng also knew that the relationship between Xiao Ning'er and Nie Li was very good. Xiao Ning'er did not come out for a long period of time in the illusion of heaven. Let Nie Li go in and see it.Together, they sent Nie Li to the entrance to the heavenly landscape and looked far away. A deep gate appeared in the sight of Nie Li.In the past, Nie Li did not enter heaven and earth, and his understanding of heaven and earth and the holy land was obtained from the book. For the heavens and the heavens, Nie Li was still somewhat curious, allowing Du Ze and Lu Piao II to People are waiting outside the celestial environment, and Nie Li walks straight into the heavenly landscape.Before the ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~! ! u