"Nie will not be an accident, right?" Du Ze looked at the disappearance of Nie from the back, slightly wrinkled his brow, for the unknown place of the day fantasy, he still has some worriesI saw Lu Piao haha ​​laughed: "Daze, you really want too much, too distrust Nie from it? What can be a good thing to escape Nie Li? There is time to worry about Nie, not as soon as possible to integrate the demon spirit , I can't wait to see how strong my bloody leopard baby is! "Lu patted the space ring and was very excited.The two looked closer and looked for an empty place to sit and practice while waiting for Nie to leaveSeeing the action of the two people, Ye Sheng could not help but feel very gratified. No wonder that Dze and Lu Piao's repairs were able to be so refined. They were so diligent and they were not willing to waste even a small amount of time.If other students are working hard like Duze and Lu Piao, then they are more relieved.Ye Shenghe and all the mentors took a rest, but Du Ze and Lu Piao were both absorbed in the demon spirit.At this time, the daysIn front of light and shadow conversion, countless scenes passed by in front of us. It was like passing through an endless space-time. Nie Li walked in and looked ahead. The grass and lawn were far away and the flowers were blossoming. The scenery was beautiful.But after stepping into the celestial paradise, Nie Li felt that the soul of the sea was banging, and the soul power was like exploding. It continued to expand, constantly expanding the sea of ​​souls.The sea of ​​souls expands little by little. Nie Li’s face shows a painful expression. The feeling of the sea of ​​souls is strongly stretched. It is very uncomfortable.This day, the magical sage is indeed a holy place to improve the soul! Staying inside for a while, it is even more obvious than the practice of a few days outside! The soul sea has expanded by a third! Severe pain caused Nie to twitch almost all his cheeks.Nie Liqiang opened his eyes and looked in the distance. He saw the grass in the distance. A figure was sitting there. It seemed to be Ding Er, but Nie Li’s sight was very vague. For the time being, he could not see clearly. In situ cultivation and recoveryIn the sea of ​​souls, Shadow Demon Spirits and Tiger Tooth Pandas are constantly improving.Sure enough, it was heaven and earth, and Nie Li could feel that the two demon spirits in the sea of ​​soul were constantly enhanced and the cultivation speed was extremely alarming.At this time, deep in the consciousness of Nie Li, an old voice grunted"How can your spirit sea merge two demon spirits?" "Who are you?" Nie Li asked, constantly consolidating cultivation to increase his soul power. He could feel that a floating soul was watching himself.But this soul does not threaten him, so Nie does not care."Haha, when you answer my question first, I will tell you who I am!" "Because I practice a special exercise method, can I do this..." Nie said quietly."Well ... what magic is magic?" "This is already the second question, right?" Nie turned his eyes. "It's not polite to ask other people questions but not to answer questions. "The old voice smirked and said," You're a really tough kid. I've slept hundreds of years in this illusion. I met a few talented geniuses before, but I couldn't get into it." The old-fashioned eyes, you and the little girl there are talented, but your talent is better, today I fancy you, I will accept you as a disciple!" "You accept me as a disciple? I said to "Will you be a teacher?" Nie Li said dismissively. When I was a master, who were you? Can you teach me? Whenever a person wants to be my master, then my master is not more"Do you know who I am?" said the old voice proudly."Who are you?" Nie asked a bit contemptuously.“After the Dark Ages came, our five legendary spirit masters migrated to the city of glory with hundreds of thousands of survivors, and resisted the attacks of the Wicked Beast! I am the ancestor of Ye Yan, one of the five ancestors of the glorious city! The founder of the Feng Xue family, the boy, was shocked to hear my name!” The old voice sounded a bit proud. “I sealed the soul in the illusion of heaven, always guarding the glory. City, if not me, the glorious city has fallen for a long time!” “It turned out to be one of the five legendary ancestors!” Nie was awkward, arching slightly, “I’m really disrespectful.But ancestors, I am not interested in being your disciple! ""not interested? You are not interested in becoming my disciple? "Ye Ye was angry." "Boy, do you know what a good chance you are giving up?" With my teaching, you may become a legendary demon spirit teacher in your lifetime, and you can become a black demon spirit master! ""I don't need to worship you as a teacher, but I can become a legendary demon teacher! "Nie grunted, although I respect you as the ancestor of the city of glory, do not necessarily have to worship you as a teacher!" You ... ... almost arrogant, arrogant! Do you think that the legendary spirit is so easy to achieve? The legendary demon spirit master, but the presence of this continent's pinnacle level, in addition to talented genius, ordinary people can never touch that realm! "Ye Yan, if he is alive, estimates that the lungs will be blown up. He tells a legendary demon psychic to collect Nie Li as a disciple, but he is rejected by Nie Li. This is simply unbearable!" How many people ask my grandfather to tell my grandmother to become the disciple of the old man? ""Alright alright! "Nie is very depressed," said the first ancestor, since you want to be my master, then what do you say you are going to teach me? ""I am a legendary demon psychic teacher, knowing everything about this continent, knowing everything about the astronomical and geographical numerology, and I have several very powerful methods of inheritance. In the practice, I can also give you advice! “Ye Yan proudly said that it looked very contented. “You have five powerful inheritance methods here. You can choose a cultivation practice!” “Nie Li’s eyes suddenly showed dazzling light. There were five light shadows. The above was the appearance of five books."I have a look at what powerful exercises you have!" Nie Li's eyes fell on the five books. "You?" Teacher, right? This method is simply a mistake. When the third chapter actually had to run soul power into Tianshu, isn't it self-destructive? Tianshu is used to communicate with the world!" The exercises are wrong."Ye Yan was a little embarrassed and saw one of the books disappeared"I'll take another look at this one. I'm gonna spray it and I'm yangling. This practice progresses slowly and I must die. I need to find sunshine and blazing places to practice. I can't practice on cloudy days. Even if I practice to the legendary demon psychic, I’m afraid it’s old and eighty.And that Master of Practice, I do not say anything, put the red into the body into yin and yang, the practice speed can definitely be more than three times faster! "" "..." Ye Yan pondered a bit, and felt that Nie Li had a bit of deep truth. He was stunned and he didn't know what to say."I'll look at this one again. Isn't this a long-winded wolf? To fuse a wolf-like demon spirit, you can practice to the realm of the legendary demon spirit..." "How do you like this exercise?" Ye Yan asked with a hint of happiness“Improve this practice? I say that the great ancestors, how did you know how to make nine ah, practice to the legendary sages of the Samsung is over.I also have wolves here. Do you want me to give you the tenth? Custody allows you to practice to the realm of the five-star legend. Nie Li said"..." Ye Yan speechless, he was almost crazy, what does this kid actually come from? Actually, in turn, he must teach him exercises? Over the years, the genius Ye Ye had seen was not tens of thousands but also thousands. They were the best and most outstanding of the entire city of glory, but they never encountered enchanting like NIE.The five exercises he gave are all very powerful top-level exercises, but in Nie Li’s view, they are worthless.Ye Yan really didn't understand. Nie was a few years old. Why did he learn so profoundly that he was even more amazed than his old monster who had survived for thousands of years?