"Emperor of the ancestors, these five exercises are so rotten. Do you study these exercises? No wonder you were so poorly repaired before you were born, you just came to the legendary level. It's better to teach you several super exercises! In order to be able to go further!” Nie Zipai said, “I have more than 3,600 kinds of super power methods in total, and the worst ones are much better than these five. I am too embarrassed to teach you! ""Well, enough!" Ye Yan said with exasperation, Nie really did not give him face, do not know he is the ancestor of the glorious city? "Boy, I don't know where you got so many tricks. It may be what treasures you started.Hey, even if you have super powers, but on the course of cultivation, as a legendary spirit, I still can give you a lot of opinions! What I learned from you is something you cannot imagine! "" Oh ... well, knowledgeable ancestor adults, I would like to ask, why the demon spirit and the soul of the sea? “Ye Nie looked at Ye Yan.” Yeh, Ye Yan’s ancestor was preparing to learn from himself? “The simple question, isn’t your tutor teaching you? The demon spirit exists in the form of the soul, and the soul sea is the container of the soul, of course, can be fused! "Ye Yan faint smile," Although your talent is good, but the foundation is too poor, young people can not be so good! "" Since the soul sea is a container, the demon spirit is the soul, like a cup and waterWhy do some people fail to merge the demon spirit after they are promoted to the silver level? "Nie laughed and asked," Saying that as long as it is a cup, it can hold water! "The probability of this ... failure is very low, almost negligible, so do not have to worry about this problem!" "Ye Yan paused, and he said with a little bit of annoyance that the problem with Nie Liqian was too partial. He couldn't answer.""These exceptional incidents are often the key to cracking secrets after the study. A legendary psychic psychic actually doesn't even understand this! I really don't know how your master teaches you! If I have such an apprentice, surely I will slap He shot on the wall!” Nie shook his head and looked dejected."Then why did you say this is why?" Ye Yan's voice trembled. As a legendary demon psychic, how had he been so vocal? "The sea of ​​souls has its fixed attributes, and the demon spirit is also. If the attributes of the two are too different, it will certainly lead to failure.It's like water and fire are incompatible! "" Attribute difference? Ye Yan murmured to himself that he had never considered this aspect before, and Nie Li’s words were like opening a window in his heart."In addition to the differences in attributes, the human soul is deep in the sea and there are many very mysterious secrets. The level of the demon psychic is naturally incomprehensible.If you are willing to worship me as a teacher, maybe I can explain it to you, your soul has not dissipated, and even it is not impossible to help you reshape the body."Nie sat away from the plate, his mouth showing a slight smileBeneh left as a teacher? Ye Yan was almost angry, but he was the originator of the city of glory! Actually being despised by a kid is simply unbearable! However, Nie’s last sentence was to keep him on the spot."Remold the body, this can really be done?" Ye Yee, this is an area he could not imagine, what is the origin of this young man? Why does he know so much? As the ancestor of the city of glory, if you want to accept other teenage children as disciples, then they still have to beat up and beat up to three hundred nines? Which would be like Nie from this, but instead educated him? Although he was so angry that he was almost vomiting blood, Nie Li’s all said it was like a magnet deeply attracted to him.Nie Li said that it is indeed something that he is completely unknown"Boy, do you really want me to worship you as a teacher?" "Would you like me as a teacher? I think about it, forget it, or don't! I just don't bother to teach you such a poor discriminating disciple!" Disgustedly, "My disciple is only a legendary realm if he is in his late eighty-year-old, but he is still proud of it. You see I don't smoke him!" Ye Yan pointed to Nie and kept shaking: "You, you, you." This is unworthy!" Ye Yan shivered with a beard, even if he now revived, will be Nie away gas to die! "I am not the son of Ye Family. I am a descendant of the family of Tianxue. On the origins of family and family, Tianxie family can be much longer than you Ye Family. If it is not for you that you are the ancestor of Aster, I will be the only one. I'm too lazy to ignore you!"Ye Yan that gas, but he is only the state of the soul, there is no way to get Nie off! "I remember the days of the family trace, when I set up a glorious city, the Tian-trace family was only a small family. I admit that your ancestor was indeed very powerful. It seems that you have received some of your family's inheritance! However, only when we got a little inheritance, we dared to be self-important!” Ye Yan had to admit that Nie Li knew something more than he did, but he still refused to admit defeat.So lost to a 13-year-old child, this let him a legendary realmist, where to put his face? "Yeah!" Ye Yan stopped talkingSince the old man didn't bother himself, Nie did not take the initiative to talk to Ye Yan.Nie Li self-practices in self-cultivation, and a unit of soulful power continues to surround NieAfter running the god of heaven, the two demon spirits in the sea of ​​souls are like sponges, constantly absorbing soul power and constantly growing.Ye Yan’s soul wandered around Nie Li’s. Although he was not lightened by Nie, he could not help but read when Nie Li began to practice cultivative practice.One stock is surging in soulpower. This cultivating battle is not like a silver spirit psychic teacher. It is more like the situation of a legendary psychic master practicing.Ye Yan looked at Xiao Lian'er in the distance and secretly meditated: "Whether it's this kid or the girl, the practice of cultivation is so amazing. It's such an enchanting age. Is it because my old man didn't go out for so many years? Has the outside world changed?” Compared to Nie Li’s God of Heaven, the five kinds of exercises that Ye Yan had just used are really too rubbish.Although the gods of heaven have a slower rate of cultivation compared to wind and thrones and nine ice urns, they are more than ten times faster than Ye Yan’s five exercises. The two are not completely hierarchicalYe Yanxin read it and moved to Xiao Luer there"Little girl, old lady sees you talented, not as good as the old man accepting you as a disciple, how?" After hearing Ye Yan's voice, Xiao Ning'er gave a slight glimpse and immediately asked, "Is the predecessor?" "I am a shining city." The ancestor, the creator of the Feng Xue family, Ye Yan!” Ye Yan said proudly“Original is the ancestor of adults! Pterosaur family Xiao Ninger met with the first ancestor adults!” Xiao Ning Er immediately showed a respectful color, she is naturally full of respect for these strong people in the history of the glorious city.Ye Yanfu must smile and say, "It's not bad. It's OK!" This is like a normal family's niece. Like Nie, it's too abnormal.“I have been in this illusion for thousands of years. I don’t know the outside world. How is it now?” “The great ancestor, the shining city is still safe."" The glorious city now has several legendary demon spirit masters to sit in town? "" Back to the ancestors of the ancestors, the glorious city is now only a legendary demon psychic, Ye Mo adults! Xiao Ninger said respectfully“How could this be?” Ye Yan wrinkled his brow. He felt that this was a bit awkward, because whether Xiao Lian Er or Nie Li, the practice of cultivation was astonishingly powerful, simply shocking, and supposedly so powerful. The tactics of the game are absolutely impossible to just create a legendary demon spirit master of Ye Mo."Is there a problem?" Xiao Ning asked, questioningly."Nothing, maybe I can give you some guidance!" Ye Yan said, after he finished, he was old"This..." Xiao Ning'er got into hesitationu