
Chapter 676 - Precious Blood MarkingsIt was nine at night, three hours after the mission had begun. Blue Water Street was starting to get more crowded now that the night life was awakening. Both sides of the street were filled with bars, KTVs and tea cafes. Furthermore, in front of every bar and KTV was a row of erotic women who wore tight fitting clothes and short skirts. Sirens blared and, five police cars stopped at the end of Blue Water Street. Clothed in a new police uniform, I stepped out of the car. My badge reflected the blinking sirens. After looking down at my badge, I looked around and nodded, “Come out!” Behind me, a group of cops all got out of the car. These were all members of the small Guardian team. In times like this, we held special positions. Some tasks were not executable by the normal police. 　　……Once all fifteen members got out of the car, almost all of the girls on the side of the road were frightened and backed away. Most people hadn’t seen such a big mobilization of police forces. Quite a few whispered curses, “F*ck, why are there so many porkers? Didn’t that mole Ah Ji say that he’d watch out for us and we could do our business in peace?” Xing Lie dropped his hands to his side and smiled to me, “Boss, where are we heading?” I smiled back, “The 1912 Bar.” “Oh?”“It’s under You Yi’s name. It’s also one of Blood Scythe’s businesses. Wei Fan handed it off to You Yi.” Xing Lie rubbed his nose and smiled, “To be honest, and Boss don’t you call me a bumpkin, I’ve never been to a bar my entire life, much less such a high end one like that.” I chuckled, “It’s ok, it’ll be enough for me to go by myself.” “Boss, why is it called the 1912 Bar?”  “Probably because it’s romantic?”  “Is 1912 a very romantic number?”  “Yup. The titanic sank in 1912. Stop the chatter, let’s begin the mission!” “Yes!” 　　……Everyone marched up to the door of the 1912 Bar. A large screen flashed the numbers 1912 above the front gate. There were two bodyguards at the front for security. When they saw us coming, they exclaimed, “You guys?” I flashed my police badge and explained briefly, “Take me to your leader, You Yi. Street name You Yi, legal name Zhao Ran.” The bodyguard hesitated, “Our boss isn’t here…” Xing Lie furiously walked up and said, “Cut the b*ll and give him a call!” “Yes, Yes ok….”  The bodyguard pulled out his phone and made the call. After half a minute, his eyes lit up and he said, “The boss is on the second floor. Please follow me.” Xing Lie looked at me with some doubt. He seemed to be a bit cautious about the affair. We all knew just how terrifying You Yi could be. Plus he definitely had some Artificials on hand. If he had an ambush planned, then our entire team would fall prey to his attack.  Without hesitation, I smiled, “Alright!” I would rather fight You Yi on the second floor until both sides took damage than allow more innocent bystanders to die. There were just too many people out and about tonight. After all, this was where most young people gathered. It just wasn’t appropriate to use force in this situation. Besides, You Yi wouldn’t be able to explain it if so many of us police forces went in and didn’t return. Even if Blood Scythe was reckless, they didn’t have the courage to make an enemy out of the Chinese Government. 　　……We followed the bodyguards in and left five people outside to stand guard. I took the other ten into the bar and went upstairs. The second floor was a brightly lit hall. It did not look like a suitable place for an ambush. You Yi stood at the center of the hall, dressed in a suit with a cup of red wine in his hand. He smiled as he turned around, “I never expected that the guildmaster of [Zhan Long], Xiao Yao zi Zai, was actually a policeman. Ha ha, life really is like a game of chess. This is just too amusing. So, what does Guildmaster Zi Zai want with me?” Xing Lie roared, “You Yi, stop trying to pretend. How could you not know yet? We’ve received orders to take you back for questioning. How about you come with us!” You Yi spread his arms out with a smile, “I’m a respectable businessman. I really can’t stand the crude way you barbarians do business. If you want to take me in, you gotta bring proof. If you have proof that I’ve committed a crime, then I’ll give myself up. Of course, these days I’ve been with quite a few women. You have to understand, the women in these bars, each and every one of them is lonely beyond belief. In one week I’d get eleven of them. But what of it? You can’t try and take me in because of that right? After all, I was just trying to help them get rid of their loneliness. Well good deeds don’t necessarily leave a good name. You guys really ought to hand me some kind of reward though. After all, shouldn’t the police do things as the government dictates?” Xing Lie was pissed off, “I’ll show you what a f*cking reward is!” I reached out to hold back Xing Lie and smiled, “You Yi, you want proof? How about you roll up your right sleeve and show us your wrist to prove your innocence.” In the battle before, You Yi’s wrist had been injured by my Xiao Hei. The cut went all the way to his ligaments. That was enough proof of his crime.You Yi laughed and handed his wine cup to a beautiful girl. He then pulled up his sleeve and showed his wrist to us. He smiled, “Here, I’ll let you see all you want, how is that? My wrist is very clean. Ha ha, that must get the girls really going huh. Of course, you stinky police would never understand. After all, you’re training day to night and catching people left and right. You’re probably so tan you look like an African man. No wonder you don’t have a girlfriend!”Xing Lie roared, “Shut the f*ck up or I’ll put you down for insulting the police.” You Yi laughed, “Then I shall apologize. I’m sorry, I accidentally let slip the truth…” Xing Lie grit his teeth and whispered to me, “Boss, why isn’t there a cut on his wrist? There isn’t even a single marking. I can’t believe that. Unless.. Does You Yi have some body double?” I shook my head, “No, this is You Yi. However,.... Level B Artificials have extremely fast recovery speeds. In just these short two hours, he’s already completely recovered from his injury. We… we should have finished up our mission an hour ago and came here to get proof!” “Then what do we do now?” I reached out and grabbed the hilt of my sword. Once I did that, all of the members of the Guardian team unsheathed their weapons. You Yi was startled, I could see the shock flash in his eyes. However, he kept his expression calm and collected as he smiled, “What, you want to use force now? Alright then, I’ll follow you to the police station. However, if you can’t find anything, then I will definitely register a complaint. Lawyers in Hong Kong are pretty terrifying. Don’t forget, we’re living in a lawful society now. You better not try anything. Otherwise, I won’t let you off.” I quietly walked forward and raised my arm. “Peng!” I grabbed You Yi’s neck and pressed him against the white pillar. At that moment, the pillar was crushed by the force of the blow. The beautiful girl behind  You Yi was so frightened that her entire face turned pale and she screamed. The wine cup in her hands fell to the ground and shattered. As I looked into You Yi’s eyes, I roared, “Just you wait. Just you wait…. No matter what you do, the heavens are watching. You killed two of my men. One day I will settle that score with you. Did you think that you could weasel your way out of the law? Do you think that money is enough to settle everything? You’ll see. I’ll let you know the true meaning of karma is a b*tch!” You Yi spat out through his grit teeth, “Li Xiao Yao, you dare try me? I’m telling you right now, this hall has a number of cameras set up. If you dare touch me, then I’ll immediately use it as proof against you!” I pulled by my hand and chuckled, “You want to charge me? Then charge me. If I can’t even go against a small charge like that, then there’s no need for me to stay in the Hang Zhou Police.”  “You son of a b*tch!” You Yi seemed to realize that my position was much different than that of a normal policeman. A small fight like this was not enough to deal with me. 　　……When I turned around, I suddenly felt a chill in my heart. A great presence appeared at the staircase. Following that, an old man wearing a Qi Pao* walked over. His footsteps were very light. If it wasn’t Ou Yang Chuan, who else could it be? TL Note: Traditional Chinese ClothesOu Yang Chuan was carrying two iron balls connected by a chain when he walked up. He smiled to me, “Li XiaoYao, it’s been a while. You’ve been looking more and more impressive these days!” As he said that, his palms began to burn red. In the blink of an eye, he burned the two iron balls until they were bright red. Metal droplets formed from the molten iron. All of the police men around me were stupefied.Without another word, I pulled out my blade and smiled, “Ou Yang chuan!”“Die!”The second Ou Yang Chuan laid eyes on me he charged. I suddenly tightened my grip on You Yi’s neck. He shouted “Mr.Ou Yang chuan! This is Li Xia Yao, my friend, there’s no need to fight him. Everything is fine.”“Hrmph!”Ou Yang Chuan swept his sleeve out and left. You Yi seemed to understand his predicament as well. If Ou Yang Chuan were to fight with me here then the situation would fall out of his favor. Even Blood Scythe wouldn't be able to help him get out of it.　　…… We quickly walked out of the hall and out of the bar.Xing Lie unhappily said, “ Boss, is this the end? Are we just going to… return without a result?”“Who said so?”I raised my arm. The edge of my sleeve was stained with You Yi’s blood. My attack this time was extremely savage, and forced him to spit some blood out. In other words, this was his blood. When I made sure it was there I lowered my voice “Hurry, use something to catch the blood!”“Yes sir”Xing Lie quickly pulled out an evidence bar and carefully put the blood away even though it was only a little, it was enough.I tightened my fist and said, “Let's go back to HQ and take this blood to forensics. That way we can check his DNA. That should be enough to prove his guilt!”Xing Lie smiled, “Boss. Good job. And here I thought you had been scared sh*tl*ss by that legendary Ou Yang Chuan…”I replied, “You think I wasn't?" “Haha….”　　…… When we returned to HQ, we immediately handed the evidence to forensics. Chen Bing didn't relax until she saw me back safely. I also called Wan Er to let her know I was fine.“Wan Er, I'm fine now. The mission is finished!” Wan Er voice slight trembled, “Pig, there's a lot of helicopters around Hang Zhou Bridge #16. Some people on the web even posted pictures of a gun fight. You weren't, you weren't completing your mission there were you?”“Eh… around there….”“That means you already know what's going on in Hang Zhou. Hurry back, I miss you!” “Yes!”
