
[] [] []
Chapter 501 The First Wave
“Earth to you all, hurry up and enter Green Qilin Valley!” I raised my Dragon Reservoir Sword.
Wang Jian, Li Mu, and Wan Er all nodded and began to usher everyone forward. Dancing Forest, Dong Cheng, Thousand Suns over Snowy Lands, Lian Po and Fox took around 500 people to bring up the rear. All of [Zhan Long]’s top tier players were at the rear, so that the enemy players behind us wouldn’t be so quick to chase after us.
We sprinted for 10 minutes and finally crossed the borders of Green Qilin Valley. The originally green and fertile ground was replaced by a collapsed valley floor. Standing on the border of Green Qilin Valley, I could see a steep rocky hill around 10 meters below me. This kind of terrain made it impossible to bring cavalrymen to the battle. Furthermore, it also made it so that it would be impossible for a large army to try and overwhelm us. In addition, our [Zhan Long] players were familiar with the area, and could easily create our own unique formations that complemented the terrain. You could just imagine the possibilities and advantages we had now that we were in Green Qilin Valley.
……
I leapt up and pierced my sword into the cliff to slide down the side. Li Mu and Wang Jian also brought people down with them. Before us, there was already a group of [Zhan Long] players waiting for us. Now with the main guild, the defense guild, and a few divisions, we had over 20,000 players online, ready to battle. Against such a strong [Zhan Long], killing us wouldn’t be so easy anymore.
I raised my Dragon Reservoir Sword and pointed forward. “Over there is the Green Qilin Abyss, and it is very deep. Chi Yu Han, why don’t you take Chi Yu Qing and go in there to take shelter? When I and my brothers really can’t hold off the enemy any longer, then we’ll retreat and find a new place to hide ourselves. The command only lasts for 24 hours. As long as we can stick through those 24 hours, we’ll have won!”
Chi Yu Han tightened his grip on his Heaven’s Spite sword, and his eyes were filled with a desire for battle, “No, let me fight alongside you. I can already feel that at least 10% of my strength has recovered!”
I shook my head, “No, it’s too dangerous. I gathered together such a large force for the sake of protecting you. If anything were to happen to you, I don’t even want to know what the consequences are. Besides, Chi Yu Qing is too frail right now, you have to be by her side and protect her. You must understand that right now, there’s just too many people out there that want to kill you. Everyone in Ba Huang City, including adventurers and bounty hunters, they all want to take your and Chi Yu Qing’s head.”
Chi Yu Han gritted his teeth and nodded, “Alright, I understand. I will take Yu Qing and find shelter in the Green Qilin Abyss. You guys must be careful, you have to come back to us alive!”
“Yes!”
Chi Yu Han reached out and picked up Chi Yu Qing, and then disappeared into the thorny brush. Feeling a weight lift off my shoulder, I reached out behind my back and pulled out my Cold Iron Sword. With a sword in each hand, I was ready for battle!
……
Glancing through my friends list, I found Han Bei Song’s name and sent out a message, “You understand [Zhan Long]’s dangerous situation!”
Han Bei Song quickly replied, “Naturally, I do. [Blood Contract] has 14,000 players who are all meeting together in the Magic Tracking Forest. I will then create a line of defense for you guys on the western side of Green Qilin Valley. Not even a fly will get through there. Also, Misty Clouds has already started acting, and the 24,000 [Enemies at the Gate] players have created a defensive line on the eastern side. He and I have talked it over and decided that we wouldn’t join any army, so we won’t have red names. Those small guilds wouldn’t dare touch us at random. The main attack you will get is from your southern side. You will soon take more pressure than any normal pressure can take, so good luck…. I don’t even know, just what kind of trouble you have gotten yourself into…..”
I smiled, “What I have promised, I will keep to it for life…”
Han Bei Song seemed relieved, “Haha, I got it. This is kinda like when I met Li Xiao Yao for the first time. No matter what you have done to anger Luo Lei, even if you had “Pa pa pa pa” with his precious daughter Angela, brother I will help you. For love, right!?”
I was speechless. Finally I said, “I wouldn’t have the courage to do that to Angela. I’m just defending a promise that I made to a main quest BOSS. Thank you all. If the battle ends up in our favor, then [Blood Contract] should join Chi Yu Han’s battle camp. That way you’ll be able to get the battle points, and it wouldn’t seem as though you had wasted all your efforts for nothing.”
“Understood. Let’s just watch out for each others backs for now. Don’t worry about the northern side of Green Qilin Valley. [Enemies at the Gate] and [Blood Contract] will be watching over it. There shouldn’t be any problems.”
“Great!”
……
I raised my sword and walked towards the southernmost side of the Green Qilin Valley. Li Mu, Wang Jian, Matcha, and One Second Hero all helped create the front line of the formation. There was around 100 meters between us and the steep hill. They had chosen a good position. This way, we would be on a flat land, while the enemy would have to struggle on the rocks and thorns while taking fire from [Zhan Long].
Wan Er’s Purple Kirin Dragon spiraled in the sky and roared. That dragon seemed to have become a symbol of our guild, after all, few Ba Huang City camps have dragons. I didn’t specifically ask, but I can imagine that for the sake of this dragon, Wan Er and Dong Cheng must have spent a lot of effort to get it.
“Keng!”
I leaned my Dragon Reservoir Sword on the side of the cliff as I stood at the front of the formation. I looked at the distant hill and said, “Who knows which guild will be the first to come hit us.”
“No matter which guild, it’ll probably just be trash…” Wan Er smiled, “Jian Feng Han and Yan Zhao Warrior aren’t stupid enough as to be the first to attack [Zhan Long]….”
I looked at the time and took a deep breath, “There’s still 22 hours… this battle has only just begun!”
Dong Cheng flew up in the air and looked into the distance, “They’re here!”
“Who?!”
“You’ll see!”
Just as she said that, I saw on top of the cliff of Green Qilin Valley, a group of people were charging towards us. It wasn’t just one guild, but a combination of two guilds, [Thousand Burial]+[Valley of the Gods]. God knows how these two guilds got together. Lu Dong Bing had a Guild Master insignia on his shoulder. He raised his staff and smiled, “Such a big formation from [Zhan Long]! There has to be at least 10,000 people there welcoming our attack. Guild Master Ordinary, do you have faith that we will be able to crush them!”
Not Ordinary raised his battle axe, his eyes held a chilling gaze, “We [Thousand Burial] have over 13,000 players online, while you have over 11,000 players. Xiao Yao has but 10,000 players in that valley. Even though [Zhan Long] is talented, that doesn’t mean that just one of them can hold off ten right? Besides, our goal isn’t to crush [Zhan Long]. We just have to kill most of them. The more players we kill, the higher chance we have of getting the legendary Saint Tier equipment from the system as a reward! Rumor has it… that the Saint Tier equipment that the system would reward us is better than any Saint Tier that a BOSS would drop. There’s more than a 70% chance that the equipment will have a special skill. This is a great opportunity for us. Goddamn, I don’t have even a single piece of Saint Tier equipment on me….”
Lu Dong bing narrowed his eyes, “But, I feel like [Zhan Long] had displayed its strength at the city battle and the camp battle. They truly do wield the strength to overcome any obstacle that comes at them. The ability for one player to defend against ten isn’t that strange. Are you actually sure that the 24,000 players that we have are enough to crush their 10,000?”
Not Ordinary smiled, “What are you worried about, it’s all in our hands!”
“Alright….”
I held my hand up and looked over at the distant Not Ordinary and Lu Dong Bing and smiled. I then shouted, “If you want to fight us, then fight. Stop wasting your breath. My brothers are itching to fight….”
You Yi gave a cold grunt, “Why so arrogant. You’re just hiding behind your godly armor. Go cut down Xiao Yao that bastard!”
Bai Mo Yan grinned, “Really? All males who just know how to talk bad about others are the true ones who have no skill. I, however, have yet to hear Xiao Yao Zi Zai say anything like ‘If something, then I’ll something’, he usually does as he act….”
You Yi scratched his nose, “Sister Mo Mo, why don’t I understand what you’re saying, do you not love me?”
Bai Mo Yan stuck her chest out and raised her long bow and glared into You Yi’s eyes, “Love you? What do you have to make me feel that way? Is your bow even as big as this bow’s string? If so, then I’ll love you!”
You Yi was speechless.
Bai Mo Yan fell into silence for a few seconds and I received a message from her, “Yo, young one, don’t underestimate this first wave of attacks. Not Ordinary and Lu Dong Bing aren’t idiots, they won’t let [Zhan Long] get too much sweetness. Beside the 24,000 that you see, right behind us, Ba Huang City’s Fierce Tiger Army has created a flying cavalry. They might launch an attack while we’re fighting. At that point, you’ll be facing an attack from the sky and the ground. Make sure you prepare yourselves!”
I couldn’t help but gasp. I turned around and looked at Wan Er and said, “If we end up getting attacked from both the sky and ground, how should we deal with them?”
Wan Er’s clever eyes darted around and she fluttered her eyes a bit before saying, “Looks like the NPC Sky Cavalrymen are going to launch their attack, right?”
“Yup!” I gave a slow nod.
Wan Er bit her lip and thought about it for a second before saying, “That’s easy, we’ll just push our Archer camp forward 20 yards and have them set their targets to their air. After that, we’ll have them retreat and drag the aggro back. This way, the Sky Cavalrymen will appear within our range of attack. At that moment, we’ll have our heavy armor’s use [Flying Sword] and [Battle Axe Throw] to draw the aggro to themselves. The Mages and Musketeers in the back would then activate their area attacks. The Musketeers especially have to concentrate their fire in the sky, they have better damage dealing when shooting a target in the air. This way, we should be able to deal with them.”
I broke into a grin and walked over and gave a soft hug to Wan Er and then smiled into her ear and softly said, “Wan Er, having you in [Zhan Long] really is good…”
That short 3 second intimate action left our little miss blushing all the way to her ears. Even when I had turned around to prepare for battle, she was still standing there, blushing. Dong Cheng softly smiled, “Are you feeling really lucky now?”
Wan Er looked up from her shoes and didn’t seem to know what to say. Finally she cried out, “Wu wu, hurry up and prepare for battle…. Little Dance, Tang Xue, come here and listen to our battle plans….”
……
Finally, after ten minutes, [Thousand Burial] and [Valley of the Gods] were unable to hold back.
“Shua!”
Not Ordinary swung his battle axe over his head and yelled, “[Thousand Burial], begin your attack! Our target—— the [Zhan Long] battle camp. Push forward step by step, and don’t go too fast! Let’s crush these arrogant bastards!”
[] [] []

