
[] [] []
Hup!
In the chilling wind, a bloody dagger extends from the darkness and goes straight towards General Ba Qi’s throat. The level 26 berserker goes pale, knowing that he’s the target of a sneak attack. In front of him is a beautiful assassin wearing shining leather armor and holding a Bloody Dagger. Its Yue Qing Qian, the deputy chief of Prague’s guild!
Her leather shoes tap the ground and her strike instantly stuns General Ba Qi. After using her beautiful eyes to scan around for threats, she prepares a skill. The dagger starts to glow red and begins to charge. After holding it for about 1 second, the skill finishes charging and it activates——[Bleed] LV-3!
Cha!
321!
After striking, General Ba Qi suddenly wakes up from the stun and quickly runs backwards, hoping to reach safety. But right after, he turned around, Qing Qian activates another skill, level 3 [Backstab]: Raises damage dealt by 30%. Ba Qi’s body sprays forward and a damage of 289 pops over his head. He had died!
……
“Crap, Ba Qi died!”
Not too far away, General Wang Jian runs over with his sword. He unleashes a straight stab. The attack is very simple, but Qing Qian isn’t able to dodge or parry it, so she takes the strike.
Gah!
272!
That strike almost killed her and Qing Qian quickly retreats away. But Wang Jian’s attacks followed her like shadows. A sharp pitch comes from the sword and two golden hexagrams appear on the sword! It’s the beginning of a level 3 combo!
“Damn it, heal me quickly!”
Qing Qian takes her dagger and quickly runs away. Two level 3 [Hemostasis]s were casted on her and she recovers 300 HP, her health is full!
General Wang Jian is a young man, about 20 years old. His face is impassive, while he pursues Qing Qian, his sword is dragged along the ground. He rushes, determined that he will kill Qing Qian at any cost. Under the moonlight, Qing Qian’s cloak floated like the wind and under the leather armor, a pair of legs as white as snow were running frantically. Although she was being chased, she was not panicking and continuously gave glances in the direction of General Wang Jian, trying to predict his next move.
Ha!
Yelling out, Wang sees a chance and suddenly dashes to the bushes in front of Qing Qian. Raising his sharp sword, he activates a skill, [Heavy Strike]. With his attack damage, Qing Qian, might not survive this.
Hup!
A dagger cuts through the wind and before Wang’s sword reaches its target, he receives a gorging attack from behind and loses 250+ Health. Another assassin beauty appears behind him and from quickly slashes him with her dagger, two more 180+ damage numbers pop up over his head.
“Die!”
Wang Jian side steps to avoid Qing Qian’s dagger. Simultaneous, he chugs down a health potion and slices towards the assassin behind him. Using the break, he jumps down the hill. He knows that he has no chance against two assassins as a lone swordsman.
On top of the hill, the two assassin beauties stand shoulder to shoulder. With the exception of their equipment, they are basically the same! Although the game allows slight alteration of appearances, it definitely wouldn’t permit such similar appearances. Which means…These two assassins are twins!
Yue Qing Qian LV-26 Assassin
Yue Wei Liang LV-26 Assassin
……
Behind the bushes, I’m stunned. Damn, Qing Qian and another sister huh. These two sisters must have quite some potential or else they wouldn’t have been noticed by Yan Zhao.
During this time, the fighting at the top of the valley is getting increasingly intense. General Li Mu is clever; he made killing off the healers an extreme priority and now he has the advantage in numbers. Although Yan Zhao is very strong, he can’t be everywhere at once. After seeing the healers be pummelled by the arrows from afar, his anger reached a boiling point and roars, “You guys, come with me and finish off that archer!”
Before Yan Zhao’s group reaches the archers, Li Mu had already brought his own group to intercept the Yan Zhao’s group. By the time Yan Zhao breaks through and heads towards the archers, his entire group had been annihilated.
General Lian Po, a level 25 archer, is about 50 years old. He can pretty much be considered a veteran in the General’s family. In reality he is probably an uncle or something. Yan Zhao is also a 40 year old or so uncle. When the two uncles clash, who will emerge victorious?
……
Pa!
While stepping back, Lian Po pulls back hard and fires accurate shots at Yan Zhao. In a couple of seconds, Yan Zhao’s health falls below 50%.
“Prepare to die!”
Finally, Yan Zhao closed the distance and could attack Lian Po! Although he roared, he doesn’t pull out his sword. Instead he lands a heavy punch on Lian Po’s shoulder, and the momentum forces Lian Po to lose balance and fall backwards. Yan Zhao didn’t want for his attack to miss, so he made sure that Lian Po couldn’t avoid his attack before attacking! With a sharp cry, he activates a skill—— [Peerless strike]!
The custom combo! Here it comes!
But Lian Po smirks and suddenly leans himself backwards. He rolls down the hill, plunging into a field of Horsetail grass. He had planned this all out! He used the landscape to avoid Yan Zhao’s [Peerless Strike]. Without [Peerless Strike], Yan Zhao is just a regular swordsman, albeit with a slight high damage!
Looking at the 5 misses that pop up, Yan Zhao’s face turns into an ugly shade of green and tightly grips his fists, “The hell, devious, very devious…”
A gust of wind comes from behind. Yan Zhao quickly spins around and in front of him was General Li Po’s attack! In the entire General family Li Po should be the strongest, since he’s ranked 2nd in the Ba Huang City leaderboard. This means, he is one of the only players that can threaten Yan Zhao!
Ding!
Within the sharp cry of the sword, the golden hexagram also start forming and Li Po’s level 3 attack is just in front of Yan Zhao’s chest——
“199!”
“201!”
……
Yan Zhao’s entire body starts to waver. Suddenly his knee rises and slams into Li Po’s chest! At the same time, he stabs straight through Li Po’s throat with a two-handed wield on his sword! This old guy is quite vicious!
448!
Since Li Po didn’t have full HP originally, he was instantly killed! He slowly kneeled down and became a corpse.
Yan Zhao breathes deeply and takes out a health potion. He was just about to drink it when two arrows come soaring at him. Ba Huang City Leaderboard’s top player twitches before falling to the ground, dead. In his death, he drops a large heavy black sword. From behind the corpse General Lian Po picks up the long sword and says coldly, “Level 22 Bronze tier longsword huh, not bad…”
After the messy brawl, the battle is near its end. The result? The General family won because of their numbers. The remaining five people from the general’s side surround the boss and confidently battle it. There aren’t many players from [Prague] that are still alive, only Yue Qing Qian and Yue Wei Liang linger in the darkness. It seems like they are waiting to deal the fatal blow to the boss.
……
I continue sitting in the bushes, silently waiting for the final outcome.
“Careful. The boss is about to die. Don’t let anyone steal it!” General Lian Po yells, while pulling back his bow and firing harsh arrows into the boss’ neck.
The boss growls angrily and swings both arms to hit General Wang Jian but, the General family still has a healer and Wang Jian’s defense isn’t bad either, allowing him to withstand the blows of the boss.
3%
2%
1%
Looking at the boss’s HP that has almost hit rock bottom, my heart starts to pump quicker. Qing Qian and her sister should start making a move soon right?
They made their move just like I predicted. The General’s healer suddenly trembles as a 552 damage sign pops over his head. He falls to the ground, dead. Behind him appears, Qing Qian with the Bloody Dagger. She quickly rushes forward and uses the hilt of the dagger to stun General Lian Po who has an arrow nocked.
On the other side, Wei Liang viciously stabs the heart of the boss and continues stabbing despite the nasty blood flowing out. Finally, the boss cries out and dies while dropping a bunch of items.
“Grab the items!” General Lian Po says in a panic.
Sadly the speed of the swordsman could not match that of an assassin’s. Qing Qian reaches the corpse first and grabs it all in one swipe. All three drops went into her bag and she quickly rushes up the hill yelling, “Sister, let’s retreat. We can’t win a 2v5!”
But Wei Liang steels her heart and says, “It’s fine, you go on ahead. I will fight and die to the bitter end!”
Just as General Lian Po recovers from the stun, Wei Liang dodges General Wang Jian’s attack and stabs the old man’s back. General Lian Po slowly falls down from one backstab. Without healers, people die nearly instantly!
Cha…
Wang Jian yells, “I’ll go chase after Qing Qian, the equipment is on her!”
Behind Wang Jian, Wei Liang finishes off a berserker. But before she stabilizes herself, rocks suddenly explode under her feet causing tremendous damage. It’s the mage’s level 20 ability, [Rock Spikes]. Although Wei Liang is only 5 meters away from mage, she steps stop and she falls down, dead.
……
On the hill, Qing Qian’s legs tattered by thorns, keeps moving forward. She didn’t have time to worry about the pain because she had the three spoils of the fight in her inventory. Coming from behind was Wang Jian who used a level 3 speed boost ability, reserved specifically for swordsmen. It raises attack speed by 6% and movement speed by 3%, which slowly closes the distance between Qing Qian and him. In addition, the mage behind Wang Jian is also catching up.
“Damn it…” Qing Qian’s eyebrows furrow knowing how much trouble she’s in. Even though she has a city return scroll, it takes 5 seconds of casting to activate. That is enough time for Wang to kill her two times and over.
“Die!”
Leaping forward, Wang Jian catches up with his opponent. He raises his sword and strikes heavily!
258!
Qing Qian gets hit and misses her footing. Then an ice spell hits her shoulder which drastically reduces her movement speed. The enemy mage had also caught up.
226!
Although Qing Qian’s equipment is fairly good, her total HP should still only be around 500. It has almost hit rock bottom!
……
I stay hiding in the bushes for a while. My heart and mind’s thoughts are clashing together. My iron commandment is that I never step into the business of others. But…another one of my commandments is for me to help my friends in need. Qing Qian said it before, we are friends and this fact will never change.
I grind my teeth and make a compromise. I will heal her, but I won’t attack the others!
With a wave of my hand, I cast [Heal]!
“+450!”
In an instant Qing Qian’s health nearly filled up. She gives out a surprised, “Ah, how…?”
Wang Jian’s eyes stare towards my direction with fury, “There’s another healer still hiding!”
Qing Qian quickly understood the situation and went straight for the mage with her dagger. Mages can only learn [Spirit Shield] at level 40. Before that, they barely have any defense. There should be no reason why he won’t die!
Bang!
While stabbing the mage, Qing Qian gets hit by another level 3 ice attack. So I cast a level 3 [Hemostasis] from afar and raise her health back up. Following the crunching sound of leaves, General Wang suddenly appears in front of me. With the sword glowing hexagrams, he angrily yells: ”Xiao Yao Zi Zai? You looking to die?!”
[] [] []

