
Chapter 644 - A Duel Between Experts
“How about we go and look?” I asked Wan Er. 
  
Wan Er turned around without another word and said, “Hurry up!” 
　　……
A line of core [Zhan Long] players jogged to the East Gate Plaza. As expected, there were several thousand players surrounding the arena. It was a sea of people. Most of them whooped and shouted. Looks like after Enchanted Painting fought on the Hero’s Stage for a day, she’d already won the support of many Tian Ling City players.
I squeezed my way into the crowd and found a good position on the border of the Hero’s Stage. I stood up straight to look. Enchanted Painting was a 20 or so year old female player. She was a solid 8, but her attitude made her a 9. In regards to her maneuvers, then that was even more amazing. I could tell that her equipments were all top tier. I could see the glow of Saint Tier and Divine Tier equipments on her from head to toe. It was pretty impressive. 
She held a crimson broadsword in one hand. Enchanted Painting stood on the stage with one hand on her hip and she smiled, “I’ve already gotten a total of 270,000 Gold on this stage, is there really no one else here who wants to fight? This is 270,000 RMB we’re talking about…. You just have to pay 27,000. If you win against me, then you get all of the reward gold. Does anyone want to try?” 
A knight in the middle of the crowd leapt off his horse and pulled out his sword, shouting, “Let me try!” 
Everyone turned towards him. It was one of [Prague]’s team leaders. His name was “Traveler”, and he was a level 112 knight. He leapt onto the stage and landed. He stood up right in front of Enchanted Painting. Looks like he’s pretty skilled. Furthermore, it was one of the experts that Six Ya brought to [Prague] so he must be pretty strong. 
Enchanted Painting smiled and looked at Traveler and said, “Well well, one of [Prague]’s team leaders. Please pay 27,000 G. Afterwards, we’ll fight!” 
Traveler nodded. “Sha La!” a heavy pouch of money thudded onto the ground. With this, the reward pool was practically 300,000 G. So enticing! 
“Come!” 
A red flag suddenly dropped down. Traveler swept out his sword and smiled, “I heard that you’re Little Demon’s sister. Tell the truth. Even though I’m not familiar with the Pulse Break Style, I still liked Little Demon’s style. I hope that you don’t disappoint me!” 
Enchanted Painting pointed her sword at her opponent, “Come at me!” 
Mounts weren’t allowed on the stage, nor could players summon their pets, thus it became known as “Traitor of Swordplays”. Swordsmen, mages, and Assassins had the most advantage on the stage, whereas knights suffered slightly less advantage. However, seeing as Traveler had the guts to come forward, then he must have at least some confidence in winning. 
Traveler dashed forward with his sword pointed at his target. Before he even got close, he dealt an [Assault]! 
“Shua!” 
He charged forward in a straight line. Enchanted Painting smiled and stuck her 34Cs out. Then, with full confidence, she dashed out and dodged Traveler’s attack. Then, with a sweep of her sword, “Ka Cha!” She cut right into her opponent’s shoulder. A large 4771 flew up into the air. Enchanted Painting was slightly stunned. Clearly she did not think that Traveler’s defense would be so high. Furthermore, even without a mount, Traveler appeared to have at least 40,000 health. 
“Ha!” 
Traveler suddenly turned around. “Peng!” He slammed his golden shield against Enchanted Painting’s shoulder. Then, he threw a [Flame Axe], creating a flame that looked like a meteor. 
Sparks flew and Enchanted Painting retreated several steps. She then slammed her sword into her opponent’s sword with terrifying accuracy. Light flashed from her left arm’s wrist guard. With a low roar, she pushed away her opponent’s [Flame Axe]. Blue light exploded and a large “Successful Skill Break”  flew into the sky. Following the skill break, the target would have a moment when their movements were slower than usual. Enchanted Painting understood this and so she immediately dashed forward, threw a [Combo] in that small window. Her blade glowed red and she threw a [ Break Armor Slash]. She then followed the attack with an attack where electricity ran through her arm and shot out at her target. Two large damage numbers flew up——
　　“9011！”
　　“20197！”
　　……
[Break Armor Slash], ignores 50% of the target’s defense. Break Armor Slash’s effect lasts for two seconds. [Lightning Cut] Increases the user’s attack power by 80% with the power of lightning. These two skills together were definitely the ultimate finishing attack. 
Traveler practically didn’t have any offensive chances. After that one attack, she retreated and waited for the opponent to attack again. This woman really did have a deep understanding of the Pulse Break Style——Strike Last and Fiercely
Traveler huffed. This time he didn’t dare underestimate his opponent. He used a [Cleansing Rain] and quickly recovered his health. At the same time, the ring on his finger began to twirl, activating a special skill—— [Circulation Spell] , adding another 10,000 Health. This brat was the standard battle type player. He relied completely on his thick armor and extremely strong recovery power. That was enough to tire out most top tier players. 
He dealt another attack. This time Traveler activated [Holy Provoke] against his opponent, and then tried using [Fierce Ram] to break Enchanted Painting’s attack stance. However, it was clear that he didn’t realize how big the gap between their skill in maneuvers was. When his [Fierce Ram] activated, Enchanted Painting cut right through his path. Shen then rammed her hilt onto her opponent's hand. She slashed his chest and quickly activated [Blade Rush], bringing her to his rear. As Traveler switched his perspective and turned around, Enchanted Painting had already taken the chance to snuff out the last bit of health he had. 
“Thump….” 
Traveler fell to his knees on the stage and lost his 27,000 Gold. His body teleported to the side of the stage with critical health. He rubbed his nose and dejectedly said, “Looks like… Fang Ge Que really has found a strong helper. D*mn….” 
　　……
Enchanted Painting raised her broadsword. She shifted her weight to one side and elegantly stood on the stage with a smile, “Friends of Tian Ling City, who else would like to battle? I’m getting hungry, so after fighting for another hour, I’ll be stepping off to eat….” 
This time, an entire thirty seconds passed without anyone volunteering. After all, the cost already went up to 30,000. Without complete confidence, who would spend 30,000 to get a chance to battle? 
Qing Qian looked at me and smiled, “Brother Xiao Yao, are you going to duel Enchanted Painting?”
I glanced up at the stage. Enchanted Painting stared back at me. With one hand on her hilt, she dragged her broadsword over and smiled, “Isn’t this the [Zhan Long] guildmaster Xiao Yao Zi Zai? How about it, do you want to try?” 
I raised my brows and smiled, “Oh? Nah, I’ve already spent the entire day killing BOSSes. It’s too tiring. Besides, I know that your Pulse Break Style will strike my weak points, so I’m not going to fight this time…” 
Enchanted Painting smiled. She suddenly knelt down and said, “That doesn’t sound like Xiao Yao Zi Zai’s style. Actually…. You shouldn’t have any doubt in your heart. Q-Sword barely scratched the surface of the Pulse Break Style. Its very easy to break his. Maybe if you duel with me, you’ll learn something?” 
I rubbed my nose, “Actually, I just don’t want to pay the 30,000 G, Ha ha….”
Enchanted Painting looked hapless, “Alright then. Looks like Mu Xuan’s Xiao Zai Zai won’t do me any honor. That…. Is there anyone else? If nobody else joins in, then I guess I’ll just go home and eat? Mom’s getting impatient… I didn’t think that in the largest city, Tian Ling City, with all those men, not a single one has the courage to duel….”
“F*ck, what’d you say?!” 
Genearl Li Mu leapt onto the stage. He raised his long sword with one hand and said, “I don’t know who you are, and I’ll look past the fact that you tried to duel [Zhan Long] guildmaster. But to actually insult all the male players in Tian Ling City? 
At that moment, all of the male players cheered for Li Mu——
“Li Mu, fight hard! Kill that Enchanted Painting. That brat is just too f*cking arrogant!” 
“Go go, fight her!” 
“Work hard, you have to fight fast!” 
　　……
Li Mu climbed onto the stage. Enchanted Painting smiled, “Oh… I’ve finally gotten a relatively suitable opponent. Good… this is good, now my day won’t have gone to waste….” 
As she said that, Enchanted Painting pulled out a red piece of equipment from her bag and put it on her left hand. It was a copper bangle with flames etched into it. It looked like it was a special equipment. Enchanted Painting stared straight at Li Mu and smiled, “General Li Mu, the Elder of [Zhan Long]’s Valiant Bravery and ranked twentieth in the CBN Battlenet Rankings. Yup… you’re a famous person in the Chinese Servers. If I defeat you here, I should raise a few rankings on the CBN Battlenet, right?” 
Li Mu chuckled and smiled, “Cut the talk, you haven’t defeated me yet!” 
As he said that, Li Mu raised his long sword and charged straight at his opponent. He didn’t use any skills and just threw a cut! 
“Oh?” 
Enchanted Painting was slightly stunned. She retreated half a step and parried the attack with her broadsword. Afterwards she dipped slightly and threw out a kick. “Peng!” She hit Li Mu’s abs. Li Mu was very skilled at maneuvers and when he saw her move, he didn’t panic. He placed his left foot onto the ground, and then kicked out his right foot. “Peng!” Enchanted Painting retreated several steps. In terms of strength, she was slightly weaker than Li Mu. It wasn’t strange either. Li Mu’s equipment was extremely strong right now. Just in terms of Divine Tier equipments, he had at least four. 
“Ha….” 
Enchanted Painting’s laugh echoed around. She immediately charged at Li Mu with her broadsword raised. She swung it a few times and dealt three slashes. I was stunned, her speed was incredible. I didn’t expect her to be so nimble when she only had one sword. Motherf*cker, who knows how much agility and attack speed she’s added with her equipment. Li Mu was in a little danger. Enchanted Painting was planning to force Li Mu into using a skill. 
Li Mu wasn’t biting. Without another thought, he went straight into a [Blade Rush]. The activation sequence for [Blade Rush] was too fast. Enchanted Painting didn’t even get the chance to break the skill before getting hit! 
　　“8021！”
Li Mu pierced right through his opponent’s body. He then spun around and raised his sword, dealing a [Covering Sword Slash] and roared, “Die!” 
Enchanted Painting knew that she was screwed. She immediately activated [Dou Qi Armor]+ [Dou Qi Shield] and took Li Mu’s attack. Her health dropped below 50%. At the same time, Li My pulled closer until he was right next to Enchanted Painting. Then, with a smile, he began to gather energy below his feet and activated a B Level Combo——[Absolute Authority]
