
[]  []  []
Chapter 50 – Skill Testing
This chapter was sponsored by William Wang, Kim Yem, Tyler Fukuda, George Bush and Jacob Emery!
The night wind blew and the dropped leaves danced. I walked on the forest path in the school yard. Even through it was early autumn, there was a firefly dancing in the bushes.
In front of me, Wan Er was wearing a short white skirt. Even without makeup, her pretty face was bewitching under the warm light of the road lamps. Although she wore very simple clothes, anyone could tell that she was a top-class beauty. I followed behind Wan Er, which meant I  was a bodyguard; if I walked side by side with her, it would imply that I was her boyfriend.
“Xiao Yao, today we’re not going to eat in the cafeteria. Let’s go out somewhere to eat. Where should we go and eat?” She asks suddenly.
I instantly replied: “We should go and eat expensive food!”
Wan Er suddenly stopped then turned around and looked at me with those beautiful eyes: “You want to die? My savings for this month are used up and not much money is left…”
I spread out my hands: “Then let’s eat some fried egg rice from a stall somewhere, but I’m only afraid that you won’t like it…”
Wan Er pouted her mouth and smiled: “Who said that I won’t like it? Let’s go!”
“Will we really go eat fried rice?”
“Of course, why would I lie to you.”
“Fine…”
……
We went outside of the school and rows of stores were selling delicious food. 9 o’clock at night was the business peak for students and in Liu Hua University there were probably over a thousand students playing <Destiny>. So, the number of people that came here and eat was not a small one.
We chose a small stall and I pulled out a chair and let Wan Er sit down first. I then sat directly opposite to her and raised my hand and said: “Boss, two bowls of fried egg rice please! The 4 yuan (70 cents USD) ones!”
Wan Er took out her cellphone and looked at the forums online. On the side, many students that were eating rice discovered that there was a super beauty here. All of them had their eyes wide open and their drool almost fell onto the tables.
I rested my chin on one hand and I looked at Wan Er bored. She pursed her lips and whined: “Damn it…I was ranked first just a few seconds ago in Fan Shu City, but now I’ve been overtaken and dropped back to fourth. I was just helping Cheng Yue with a quest, but now so many people passed me already… ”
A pair of watery, beautiful eyes and nothing lacking on her face, I was enchanted. The clothes she wore suited her and her soft little face was pretty in the scenery of night. I was tempted to pinch her face, but of course I wouldn’t dare do so.
“I want to raise you like a pet…” I accidentally slipped some deadly words.
Wan Er was faintly distracted and said: “What did you say just now?”
I immediately corrected myself: “Nothing. I said nothing.”
The edge of her lips rose and she smiled: “Who do you want to raise as a pet?”
I shook my head immediately: “Nothing. You heard wrong…”
Wan Er snorted and said: “Whatever, you probably couldn’t afford to raise me…”
“……”
“Oh right.” Wan Er looked at me: “I saw a post on the forums and it said because of Yue Qing Qian’s problems, you and Yan Zhao dueled and you lost…”
I nodded: “Mm, Yan Zhao’s attack is way too high for me. I couldn’t take his level 4 [Combo] strikes, so that loss is normal.”
“But I also heard that you broke off the last two strikes of Yan Zhao Warrior’s [Peerless Strike].” Wan Er smiled: “Peerless Strike only takes 1.7 seconds and you successfully interrupted the combo. You’re pretty good…”
My face went red: “Actually, it was just lucky hit…”
“Of course it was…” Wan Er laughed then looked at me and asked: “Li Xiao Yao, my dad once told me that you’re no ordinary person. In all of Hangzhou city he said that there might not be even one person that can match your skill. Actually I’m also very curious. Are you really that powerful?”
I clenched my teeth and replied: “Lets not talk about that. If I don’t have to fight then I try not to fight, so I can avoid damaging any relationships…”
“Then why’d you duel Yan Zhao?”
“That’s because…”
“You like Qing Qian!”
“No. Absolutely not!”
“Hehe, lies!”
I gave up: “Okay, I like Qing Qian. Are you happy now?”
Wan Er shrugged and lowered her head: “I couldn’t care less about your personal life and feelings~”
“……”
After a few minutes the fried egg rice was ready. When I finished my second bowl, Wan Er didn’t even finish her first. I asked: “Why isn’t Cheng Yue with you today?”
“She’s doing a quest right now, so she said she’ll just get take out.”
“Ah…”
As she finished up I clapped my hands: “Let’s go now. Do we have classes tomorrow?”
“Yep, are you going?”
“I don’t want to. Will my grades be affected?”
“Nope, I’ll cover for you. I have connections with the professor tomorrow….”
“Okay!”
……
We reentered the school yard and walked back onto the same road that we came from. The rocks on the road creaked slightly and didn’t give way, but Wan Er was wearing heels that were at least 7 cm high. Of course they were beautiful, but while walking she was a bit unbalanced, so she carefully treaded along.
“Ah….”
Suddenly she cried out and tripped.
With my fast reactions I stretched my hand around Wan Er’s waist to hold her up. But I miscalculated and my hand didn’t reach the correct area. My hands ended up in some elastic and soft area, but I didn’t dare to release my hand. So I raised Wan Er back like this.
Cold sweat was falling and I immediately helped her stabilize herself. I released my hand, although reluctantly…
“Eh…”
Wan Er showed an embarrassed face. Her whole face was red. She glared at me and said: “You…You did that intentionally!”
I immediately explained myself: “That was…an accident. How could I dare touch you in that spot?”
Wan Er stomped her feet: “Touch me where?!”
“That…I…That was a miscalculation. I never wanted to touch that area…”
“Hmph, my dad said that you were skilled. But you’re so bad…”
I decided to screw it all and said: “Yep. That was all intentional. What are you going to do about it?”
Wan Er didn’t know how to reply to that, so she just said: “Let’s go, we need to rest early…”
……
Before we got far, I heard some rustles in the bushes. Quickly 4 shadows appeared in front of me with black jumpsuits.
I instantly stood in front of Wan Er to protect her: “What do you guys want?”
Although the road lamps were a bit dim, I could see that the face was full of evil intentions. The person in the back laughed: “Li Xiao Yao did you really think that we wouldn’t attack you?”
My eyes went cold: “Liu Ying!”
“Right!” Liu Ying was also wearing a black jumpsuit and walked to the front, smiling at Wan Er. “Lin Wan Er, this is between me and Li Xiao Yao and has nothing to do with you. You can leave now…”
Wan Er’s mouth opened slightly and said: “Liu Ying are you planning on starting a fight? Don’t forget the school rules. Any student that starts a fight gets expelled!”
Liu Ying laughed: “School rules are for the good students and I am no good student. Lin Wan Er, I admit that you are my type. So please step aside. We don’t want to harm you!”
Wan Er wanted to say more, but I turned around and smiled: “Miss, you don’t need to leave. Wait half a minute for me!”
She nodded and maybe saw my self-confidence and smiled as well: “Mm, I’ll wait…”
……
“Damn brat, so arrogant!”
Liu Ying suddenly pulled out a baseball bat and yelled to the other 3 students: “As long as he doesn’t die, I’ll take responsibility for everything!”
The other three students smiled as they pulled out more bats and rushed towards me.
Rustle…
I stepped over the leaves and pebbles and suddenly burst over to them. I put strength in my left leg and my body left the ground. I chained two kicks and with two bangs two of the students fell heavily to the ground. I spun my body mid air and with a fist full of power I punched the third student with a thump!
Bang!
Blood and teeth flew out and the student’s face instantly turned bloody. His face hit the ground with a light bang and he passed out immediately.
“……”
Liu Ying who was in the back was stunned. Three of his underlings were defeated so easily. This was something that he probably couldn’t even dream about. So with his baseball bat, he went all in and dashed towards me while raising his bat!
I stood there and my right hand swept along an arc, shattering the baseball bat instantly. I retracted my hand again and delivered it straight into Liu Ying’s chest!
Liu Ying stuttered back a few steps while clutching his chest. His face was full of cold sweat as he raised his head to look at me with a painful expression. The punch wouldn’t physically harm him, but he would feel a lot of pain.
……
I clapped my hands, turned around, and smiled: “Okay, I’m done!”
Wan Er was standing there with her small mouth wide open.
She was speechless, so I patted her shoulder and said: “Miss, we need to sleep early~”
“Oh, oh…”
Wan Er snapped back into reality.
……
“After Liu Ying joined the baseball club in the school, he gathered a group of lackeys…” Wan Er paused but she continued: “I heard from some of my upperclassman that quite a lot of male students were dragged into a fight by Liu Ying and the most serious damage was that both of a person’s leg were broken…”
I frowned: “That is really out of control…”
“Yeah, his attitude from reality must have transferred into the game. So that’s why he can’t stop attacking you in Ba Huang City and wants to completely wipe you out…” We reached the girl’s dorm and Wan Er took a deep look at me and smiled: “How about this. You come to Fan Shu City with me and Cheng Yue. Then we’ll be able to protect you~”
I shook my head and say firmly: “No, I will establish myself in Ba Huang City!”
“Okay, then I’m going up now…”
“Mm, good night Miss.”
“Mm..”
TL: 2 MILLION VIEWS?
[]  []  []

