
Chapter 677 - A Night in Her EmbraceWhen I returned to school after finishing writing the report, it was already late at night, 11PM.  Sitting inside the A4, even if I turned on the heat, I still felt so cold that I was shivering.  I was wearing the same leisure garb as when I left, but I had become soaking wet after jumping into the river to battle You Yi.  After returning to base, there wasn’t time for me to change to the extent that up to now, I could still feel the cold wet clothes stuck to my skin.  This kind of feeling was extremely uncomfortable.  Moreover, after receiving the shock from You Yi’s strange strength, my blood vessels had been somewhat roiled over.  My head felt like there was a ball of fire burning.  All the indicators were telling me that I had caught a fever. To me, falling ill, was a remote phrase. “Screech …” The brakes sounded, I parked the car in the spot in front of the villa.  My entire brain was a mess, leaning my head down on the steering wheel.  After a few seconds, the car door was pulled open.  Her entire face filled with alarm, Wan er looked at me.  “You … what happened to you?” “It’s nothing …” I looked up and smiled, “Wan er, its so late, why haven’t you gone to bed yet?” Wan Er furrowed her brow and replied, “I have been worried about you. What about you, you’ve only just returned too.  Come in, it’s too cold outside.” “Okay.” When I got out of the car, everything went hazy and I staggered a little.  Even I was frightened. My body was at the peak of Royal Air!  I did not expect myself to become this weak and frail.  It seems that I had definitely suffered an injury to my vital energy during my battle with You Yi.  Although I had not sustained any physical injuries, I had been continuously shaken several times by a strength that weighed more than a ton.  After all, my body was made of flesh and blood, and I was already at my limit. I suddenly remembered the circumstances where You Yi had clutched the riot shields to fiercely smash at me, turning the firm and hard riot shields into mush, the force of that impact was basically tantamount to a truck smashing at 100 kph.  Pulling up my sleeves, I took a look.  My arms were both covered with bruises.  I hadn’t felt anything during the fight, but now I began to feel a lingering fear.  A level B artificial was fierce to such an extent.  How strong would a level A artificial be?  Would I be able to resist? “Ah?” Wan’er looked at my appearance, her beautiful eyes filled with distress, “Idiot, how did you manage to get yourself like this?” As she spoke, she helped me over into the living room and very carefully helped me sit down in the sofa.  Afterwards, she rolled up my sleeves.  She saw the bruises slowly turn black, only distressing her further, “Who are those people?  Was it Ouyang Chuan?” I shook my head and replied, “It’s nothing. Wan’er, there’s no need to be worried about this.  The less you know, the better.  Can you get some food?  The mission this afternoon was carried out too hurriedly, I haven’t eaten dinner yet …” Wan er wiped clean my collar before standing. She then spontaneously bent down and opened her arms to embrace me.  In a soft voice, she said, “The cook has already gone to bed.  I’ll go heat some bone broth and a couple of dishes for you to eat. Why are you so damp, did you fall into river? Go take a hot bath, or else you’ll get sick. When you finish eating, I’ll prepare some ginger broth for you to drink.”  I looked at her, suddenly feeling blessed.  No matter what dangers I faced outside, there was an enviable girlfriend here to take care of me. For one’s life to be like this, it was enough. …… I entered the bathroom, and took a shower before getting into the bath.  Lying down in the hot water, I slowly began to move my qi.  On the surface, my qi flowed very slowly.  Once the qi passed into my arms, there was hint of obstruction.  There were some blockages in my channel passages.  You Yi’s several strikes had really caused me to suffer internal injuries.  This was extremely frightening.  No wonder Tian Ling had lost an arm to You Yi.  Compared to Tian Ling, I could already be considered to be fortunate.  However, it was also Tian Ling underestimating the enemy, hastily spreading out and pushing up the battle line.  Moreover, he did not use firepower to suppress You Yi and his accomplices.  Otherwise, how could he have lost an arm?  If it weren’t for the Hangzhou Guardian Squad’s timely rescue, then it’s likely that Tian Ling would have lost more than an arm and maybe even his life. After bathing for a full forty minutes, I was finally able to unclog the blocked channels in my arms.  However, I still felt quite cold to the point that I was shivering.  I couldn’t help but mock myself and laugh.  I had once believed that when I reached the peak of Royal Air, my body would become as hard as steel.  I did not expect that these beasts with drug enhanced bodies would put me in such a sorry state. When I had put on a set of dry and clean clothes and left the bathroom, the fragrant scent of food called me to the living room.  Holding a large bowl with two hands, Wan’er laughed and called out, “Come eat your midnight snack, pig head …” I smiled slightly and sat down.  There were two plates of stir-fry, a bowl of overflowing fragrant bone broth. Wan’er, the bossy young lady who had received a years of doting from everyone, had already begun to master how to take care of others. Picking up a bowl of rice, I ate with relish. Wan’er held up her chin with her hands and sat beside me, watching me eat with a smile.  She said, “The ginger broth is being prepared.  Enjoy your meal, there’s no need to rush.” “Okay.” My appetite was enormous and I ate no less than three bowls of rice before feeling satisfied.  Every single item of clothing on Wan’er’s body was high quality women’s clothes from famous brands, and yet she still compliantly went off to pour a bowl of ginger broth for me.  She was really treating me like a patient who couldn’t take care of themselves.  As she blew on the ginger broth, Wan’er laughed and said, “It’s a bit hot, drink slowly …” I laughed secretly in my heart. I might as well consider myself a patient.  Taking the proffered bowl, I slowly drank it sip by sip until it was all gone.  Afterwards, I said, “All right.” “Do you feel unwell anywhere?”  “My head is a bit dizzy and my body is a bit cold.  I should be fine after sleeping …”  “Okay.” Wan’er rose to her feet, supporting me at the arm, she guided me back to the bedroom.  My head was really becoming increasingly heavy, as if there were burning coals releasing heat in my head.  In comparison, my body felt freezing cold.  I was really getting sick.  After taking medication, I laid down on bed.  Wan’er was clearly uneasy with my current condition.  Sitting on the side of the bed, she said, “Are you sure you’re fine?”  I wrapped myself in the blankets.  Smiling, I replied, “It’s nothing.  I’ll be fine after wrapping myself in blankets and sleeping. Wan’er should also go sleep.  It’s getting late …” “Okay.”  A bit worried, she continued glancing back at me before reluctantly turning and leaving. …… Muddled, I fell asleep.  However, my mind did not stop thinking about the moment when You Yi’s body had changed – the azure scales, the protrusions from his hard skin like the horns of a dragon.  In his ear, echoed the screams of despair issued by the members of the guardian squad when they were killed, their blood sprinkling all over the rusty deck of the boat, the riot shields smashed to pieces, and the bullets of the heavy covering fire ricocheting off the scales of the monsters.  Afterwards, he caught sight of Ouyang Chuan’s entire body standing in the dense raging flames.  He seemed like a curse that continued to spiral around me. In my daze, I couldn’t tell how much time had passed.  Suddenly, I could feel a soft and hot body enter my embrace.  I tightly embraced her as if grasping onto my last hope.  My entire body was ice-cold and yet she did not turn her back on me, holding me tightly to her, two flower buds pressed against my body.  Her hot breath joined with mine and kiss me.  It was like a dream and yet was also so real.  Outside the window, a light winter rain began to fall.  The rain pitter pattered and fell on the leaves of the holly tree outside the window.  In the long cold night, the distant lights flickered amidst curtained rainfall. …… When I woke from the dream, it was already morning.  The sunshine penetrated through the curtains and cast themselves into the room.  I pensively moved my arm slightly, discovering that my strength had basically already been completely recovered.  The heavy burning of my head had already disappeared.  Okay, of course an illness would go away so easily for me… But just at this moment, I suddenly felt that there was something weighing down my right arm.  When I turned to look, I was immediately petrified.  I didn’t know when Wan’er had come to sleep in my embrace.  Moreover, she only wore a set of white pajamas.  Half of her soft body laid against my bosom.  Her undergarments had slid more than halfway down her shoulder.  Her full and perky twin mounds were separated by a thin layer and pressed against my chest.  In a moment, my breathing became agitated, feeling as if I was about to die.  I did not dare to move my arm. So my dreamland last night was not a dream, but reality! Thinking of this, my head grew hot.  Did something happen between us? Just at this moment, she seemed to have sensed that I had awoken.  Wan’er gave a pampered moan and used her left arm to forcefully embrace me, her beautiful face pressing up against my neck.  She suddenly opened her eyes.  Raising her head, she caught sight of me gazing at her.  Immediately the face of the beautiful miss high and mighty immediately blushed deep red.  “I … I … you …” With great effort, I calmed down, replying, “Cough, cough … It was you who took the initiative to sleep in my bed.  I didn’t furtively carry you over.  If your dad looks into this later on, you have to help me explain, beloved …” The corner of Wan’er rose in a smile, “Pig head, I didn’t say that I wanted you to take responsibility.  Moreover … nothing happened between us …” “Is that right?” I extended my hands and wrapped them around her waist.  Using my hands, I could feel that her undergarments on the lower body were still there.  Somewhat disappointed, I said, “It really seems like nothing happened …” Wan’er glared at me with her pair of beautiful eyes, “It seems like you want something to have happened?  I was worried that you would get sick and that you wouldn’t be able to take care of yourself during the night, thus I …” I smiled slightly, “Why are you explaining so much … since we have yet to get out of bed, how about you give a me a kiss …”  Wan’er was as slippery as a mermaid, and she slid out from under the blankets.  With one hand, she grabbed a woman’s coat and wrapped it around her body.  With a laugh, she stated, “In your dreams!  I’m going back …” “Why are you in such a rush?”  She opened the door and glanced out carefully, “Otherwise, I’ll be discovered by my cousin and Dongcheng.  I’m going … I’ll wait for you to eat breakfast together.  Hurry up and get out of bed!” “Okay, fine.” …… After I got out of bed, putting on clothes, and finished washing my face and rinsing my mouth, I looked at the time and it was already past 9AM.  I was going to miss the morning’s classes.  It seemed like Wan’er and Dongcheng didn’t have any intention of going to class either.  Reportedly, the teacher was going to go over important points.  It was soon going to be time for the final exams.  When I expressed my concerns, Wan’er indicated that there was someone in the administration and they did not have to worry about taking the final exam.  However, I still felt that I should consider how to pass the difficult problem of these exams. Wan Er’s father had  said that if I skipped several classes before winter vacation, he would not let me off easily. During breakfast, a group of people were gathered around the dining table.  Tang Qi was also there.  “Lately, nothing has happened in the game, right?” I asked. Dongcheng replied, “Actually, something has happened … just late last night …” “Oh, what is it?” Dongcheng Yue smiled, “Actually it isn’t anything major.  It’s just that Thousand Burial is not necessarily behaving ordinarily.  They must be planning something big.  They claim to have invested 5000W into Destiny.  They aren’t looking to make back this money, instead they wish to make Thousand Burial to become the biggest guild in Tian Ling City.”
