
Chapter 672 Hatred of Marriage Amidst the ovation, Fei Er stood up and smiled as she announced, “Congratulations Fang Ge Que, well fought Xiao Yao Zi Zai. Good job to everyone who participated in this 2017 Hero’s Wings Cup! The champions of the Chinese Server have been chosen. Following this will be the Rewards event….However, there isn’t a physical reward for the First, Second and Third place winners. Your rewards will be given after the competition!”  I was slightly speechless. I brought the girls along with me and walked off the stage. Li Mu, Wang Jian and Wolf all ran over to congratulate us. Meng Yao smiled, “Brother, you’re so strong! You came in second!”  I smiled, “Am I?”  “Yup!”  “Then Meng Yao, you have to work hard too! Fight for a better future for [Zhan Long]!”  “Yes!” 　　…… At that moment, the screen listed out the rewards for the top three teams. In the Championship team, everyone got Level+5, Charm+50. In Second Place, everyone got Level+4, Charm+35, and in Third, everyone got Level+3, Charm +25. All in all, even though there wasn’t a material reward, the level and the charm reward was well worth it.  All top 32 teams had a chance to enter a lotto for their rewards. Meng Yao, Wolf, and Old K all walked onto the stage to draw for their rewards. The lowest reward was a Saint Tier equipment. When it reached the top eight, Ye Lai, Yan Zhao Warrior and Mu Xuan were actually able to draw Divine Tier equipment. As fourth place, Jian Feng Han drew a Divine Tier Armor. It raised his defense quite a bit too. To top it off, he had a defense special skill that increased his vitality. It was a good piece of equipment.  Li Mu leaned against his chair as he squinted at the people on the stage and said, “Just now I secretly asked Fei Er and she said that the International Championship will be held a month from now. In other words, there’s still another month left for you and Miss Lin and the others to level up and obtain better equipment. Guildmaster, what do you plan on doing this month?” I couldn’t help but smile, “What else? I’ll go along with whatever the game develops… Let’s start off with strengthening the Dragon’s Den first. We need to effectively utilize this player city to strengthen [Zhan Long]. However, there’s one thing I’m worried about….”  Wang Jian smiled, “Brother Xiao Yao, what are you worried about?”  I replied, “This time, [Zhan Long]’s main team ranked second in the Chinese Server Championships. This will probably shake the trees a bit. There isn’t a single virtuous soul in [House of Prestige] and [Flying Dragon]. In the next thirty days, they won’t let [Zhan Long] remain peaceful. And so, for the next month, [Zhan Long] will have to keep a low profile.”  Li Mu smiled, “Then what if we can’t help it?”  I looked at him and smiled, “Then we’ll have a high profile. Even if we were to pierce a hole in the sky, it is just a hole.”  “Haha!” 　　…… Dancing Forest walked over, “Boss, you got second place. When you’re in the International Cup, you have to fight even harder! Also, you are treating us to dinner tonight, right?”  Dong Cheng saved me and said, “Nah, isn’t the Hero’s Wing’s Cup holding a banquet for everyone tonight?”  Dancing Forest smiled and shook her head, “Let’s not. Everyone’s saying they want a big dinner celebration, besides…. We’ll be eating with Soaring Dragon, Fierce Tiger and Jian Feng Han at the banquet. Wouldn’t that be awkward?”  Jian Feng Han scoffed at us from a distance.  I shook my head, “That’s true. Nevermind then, I’ll treat everyone. Either way, I haven’t spent any of the million that I won from Q-Sword.”  Q-Sword’s mouth twitched when he heard me.  Wan Er said, “Alright alright. Be quiet and listen to Fei Er….. The final event is starting…”  And so, the final event began. Leaders and players walked onto the stage to give speeches. The mature Yan Zhao stood up as well to give a speech. Naturally, there was no way to compare the speeches made by a middle aged uncle and us youngsters. His speech was well structured and it was well received by the sponsors. At the end of the final event, it was around five o’clock in the evening. Everyone began preparing for the final banquet. I went and gave a heads up to the event organizers and took the players of [Zhan Long] out to dinner.　　…… The Hero’s Wings Cup. This was the highest honor in the gaming world. It was also the most desired honor for any player that had dreams of becoming a champion. Before today, even though I was confident in my skills, I was still restless. I was afraid that under unfortunate circumstances I would let this opportunity slip away. But now I could finally put those to rest. In a tournament filled with experts, we allowed [Zhan Long]’s flag to fly in the sky with pride. We had not wasted this honor.  And so, after the fierce battle, everyone needed a good chance to relax. Our dinner lasted four hours into the night. We drank, ate meat and chatted about everything, from small jokes to plans for the future. I could see the subtle relationships between our members. Old K didn’t leave Dancing Forest’s side. Even though he seemed to be obnoxiously loud, he was secretly helping Dancing Forest drink. He would even bring her favorite dishes to her side. Everything pointed to the fact that our Old K was starting to grow affections for her.  “Cough cough…..”  Wolf picked up his chopsticks and said, “I want some Hot and Sour Fish…. Old K can you spin it over to me….”  Old K glared at him, “Can’t you see that Dancing Forest is eating it right now? Will it kill you to have a bite less?” Wolf smiled, “I will die if I have a bite less, you want to fight me!” Wang Jian chuckled, “Little Dance, have you ever had a man outside of your father treat you so well in your life? If I were you, I’d marry him…”  Dancing Forest was quiet for a few seconds and said, “Wang Jian, looks like your hatred for marriage hasn’t died yet. How about you marry him instead….”  Qing Qian piped up, “That’s right, you two together….”  Old K was stunned, “Melon, don’t you join in on this….”  Wei Liang added, “Sister, what do you think Old K’s chances with Little Dance are?”  Qing Qian replied, “Less than 10%?”  Dancing Forest grinned and looked at Old K, “Actually…. Old K is honest and considerate. On top of that, he’s completely healthy and doesn’t have any defects. He would have been fine, but I…..”  I nearly spat out my beer and said, “You’re saying that he’s honest and considerate? Last time when we were singing at the KTV, he even took their napkins and brought a small bottle to take soap back. He didn’t even forget the toothpicks and brought them all back. If it wasn’t for Wolf and I, he would’ve taken the girl at the front desk too….”  Old K’s face nearly turned green, “Looks like I can’t have brothers like you ever again…”  Wan Er tried hard not to laugh. She gently knocked against my shoulder and said, “Idiot, don’t roast him now, tell me all the details later!”  I jokingly nodded.  Everyone had drank a little too much. Li Mu’s face was starting to turn flush. He raised a cup of vodka and said, “Alright, after knowing everyone for so long, it’s only natural that our affections grow. If you can be together, then be together. If you aren’t suited for each other, then just say it outright. Today is a good day. Now that [Zhan Long]’s main team has entered the top three. Who else wants to confess, confess? After today, people will act as though nothing had ever happened.” After saying that, Li Mu’s face turned a deeper shade of red and he turned to Dancing Forest, “Actually, I like you too…”  Dancing Forest was speechless…..”  Star Blade said, “Actually… I kind of like Meng Yao…”  Meng Yao was stunned. She sat there, unsure of what to do. Wan Er smiled “Then you’ve got to ask what they think….” Star Blade nodded. He stared right at Meng Yao and said, “Meng Yao, I like you. I know that you are guildmaster’s sister, but I still like you. That won’t change anything about my feelings for you!”  Meng Yao grabbed a cup of vodka and gulped it down. Her face was starting to turn a little flush as well, “Thank you for your feelings, but I’m not looking to date anyone anytime soon. Thank you!”  Star Blade nodded with a smile, “Ok, there’s no need to be polite. I don’t want anything from you. I just want to tell you that I like you. It doesn’t even matter if it amounts to nothing in the end. All that counts is that I have liked you and I was able to let you know. I don’t want to leave any regrets.”  Wolf looked at me, “Brother Xiao Yao, you aren’t going to say anything?”  I raised a cup and said, “Star Blade, you’re right. Men shouldn’t be cowardly, nor should we feel shamed. Even if we’re ridiculed or others look down at us, at least we can say that we were brave.”  “Yup, guildmaster, cheers!” 　　…… Fox smiled and let out a chuckle, “And here I thought something was wrong. That little Li is such a prideful kid. I thought you might say something like what Guan Yu Said, ‘You think my daughter will like you?’” TL Note: Guan Yu is a famous general from the Three Kingdoms “That’s not possible. I’m not Guan Yu and Star Blade isn’t Sun Chuan…”  “That is true, that is true.” 　　…… Our festivities went on until eleven at night. All of us staggered back to the hotel together.  I was still relatively sober. I sent Wan Er and Dong Cheng back to their rooms. I didn’t go back to my room until I finished ensuring everyone’s safety, especially for the girls. At the same time, I remained vigilant. It seemed that as a bodyguard, this type of caution had already seeped into my bones. Right as I turned around the corner, I suddenly felt a presence change. Huh, is someone planning an attack!?  I quickly hid my presence and dashed over. When I walked through the hall, I suddenly found Jian Feng Han and Fallen Wolf standing across from each other. It looks like those two were originally reading, but were interrupted by something. In front of Jian Feng Han, it was none other than [Legend]’s Xuan Yuan Feng. Jian Feng Han coldly smiled, “Xuan Yuan Feng, what are you doing? Who did you say was the miserable fourth place?”  Xuan Yuan Feng waved his hand casually and said, “That’s right. That’s exactly what I said. Fourth Place. You don’t even have the right to participate in the Global Tournament. Was I wrong? Jian Feng Han, you’ve always acted arrogant in Ba Huang City. You nearly declared yourself as king. Guess you never thought that your true worth would be revealed in the Hero’s Wing’s Cup?”  Fury boiled in Jian feng Han’s stomach. All of a sudden, he roared, “Xuan Yuan Feng, what the f*ck are you talking about? Are you trying to provoke me?”  Xuan Yuan Feng crossed his arms and smiled, “So what if I am?”  Behind Xuan Yuan Feng, Fang Ge Que turned himself around in his wheelchair and softly said, “That’s enough. Xuan Yuan Feng, don’t go around stirring up trouble. Jian Feng Han is already not feeling well. As a player, you should know the feeling of defeat. Don’t go picking at other’s wounds.”  Xuan Yuan Feng said, “I just can’t stand seeing his attitude. He thinks that just because his maneuvers are good that he doesn’t have to respect anyone else!” Jian Feng Han exploded in anger. He reached out and grabbed a newspaper rack and threw it at Xuan Yuan Feng.  Xuan Yuan Feng had a strong body and so he raised his arm to block the incoming projectile. “Peng!” He had actually been pushed all the way against the wall by this newspaper rack. Not once did he think that Jian Feng Han would be so strong in real life. The force behind that small newspaper rack was enough to deal serious injury to a person.  “F*ck, you actually dare raise your hand against me?”  Xuan Yuan Feng stood up and roared.  “Shua!”  Jian Feng Han swiftly picked up the wooden coffee table and threw it at his opponent. He shouted, “F*ck off!” 　　…… Fang Ge Que was right behind Xuan Yuan Feng. He was paralyzed and couldn’t easily move. Jian Feng Han was blinded by his fury and didn’t stop to think about how he may hurt Fang Ge Que.  Fear struck my heart and I dashed forward. I swept out my right hand to help Fang Ge Que block!  “Peng!”  The coffee table was smashed to bits. I quietly stood among the flying wooden splinters and calmly looked at Jian Feng Han, “Your training, was it all for the sake of bullying others?”  Xuan Yuan Feng was stunned. Only then did he realize that Jian Feng Han’s strength wasn’t something that he could deal with. Fang Ge Que slowly rolled his wheelchair towards me and said, “Li Xiao Yao, thank you….”  Jian Feng Han looked down at his hands. It looked as though he was feeling some regret.  I quietly said, “Nevermind. It was just a small thing.” “Yes.” Jian Feng Han nodded. He then looked at Fang Ge Que and said, “I apologize. I was too rash just now.”  Fang Ge Que warmly smiled, “It’s no problem. Xuan Yuan Feng, let’s return.”  “Alright.”  Fang Ge Que turned around and smiled to me again. It was only then that I slowly relaxed my arm. That coffee table was really d*mn hard. My arm was actually hurting a little. 　　…… I returned to my room and went to sleep. Tomorrow, I was going back to Hang Zhou. 
