
[][][]
Chapter 24 – Baby Bobo
Circling the dense forest, I stayed out the Poisonous Grassland. Along the way, I saw many different types of flying insects such as the deadly wasp I had seen before. I went in closer and read the information about the monster——
[Bumble Bee] (Normal Monster)
Level: 22
Attack: 79-114
Defense: 40
HP: 600
Ability: [Combo (LV-3)]
Description: The lords of the Poisonous Grassland, these wasps are the most vicious of the grassland. Even a mighty beast, such as a tiger, can’t do anything about them.
……
“Bumble Bees huh….” I squinted my eyes, “Like Bumble Bee from Transformers…”
Clang!
I drew my sword, emitting a gust of air. [Turmoil Sword]’s effect immediately took place, raising my attack by 10%. My attack damage should be 165 now. I was sure I could break through the 40 points of defense that the Bumble Bee had, but before I could plan my attack, the Bumble Bee noticed me and quickly rushed towards me, stinger first. There was no golden hexagon, the first attack was definitely a normal attack!
97!
Ow… The instant the Bumble Bee’s stinger connected with my arm, I sent my Bramble Thorn Sword forward attempting the stab, slash, and hack combo. But, once the Bumble Bee took my first strike, it activated Combo (LV-3). The stinger started to glow and it attacked me with a three strike combo!
110!
+450!
121!
214!
+150!
That scared the hell out of me, but luckily, I was still alive. In the short amount of time between the attacks of the combo, I used [Heal] on myself. The level 3 [Heal] recovered 450 HP, which almost returned me to full health. I added [Hemostasis] after the combo finished, and my health recovered to around 50%. I went completely pale. Damn! No wonder that 7-man team got annihilated; the attacks of the Bumble Bee were powerful.
Pa!
I slashed at the Bumble Bee angrily and sliced the Bumble Bee 8 times. It died with a jiji sound, and its body fell down, giving me a fair bit of experience points and 11 copper coins. Copper Coins were always a good thing.
I opened up the map, and at the deepest point within Poisonous Grassland, the green grassland became a dark shade of crimson. Yep, the high level monsters should be in that area. All I needed to do was waddle in there. As long as I carefully healed myself between the combo attacks of the Bumble Bees, they wouldn’t be able to instantly kill me. And being a healer, as long as I was not dead, I could recover my health.
……
After more than an hour, stepping over countless Bumble Bee corpses, I entered the deeper part of the grassland. Sadly, the Bumble Bees hadn’t dropped a Bumble Bee seal, or else I would be rich right now with Bumble Bee pets. The Bumble Bee’s attack level was 4 stars, which was higher than the Silver-Feathered Bird’s. If I could seal one, I would become undoubtedly become rich!
In front of me were thorny bushes. Not the one to be deterred, I waved my sword and cut a path. Finally, when I sliced aside the bushes and looked up to examine my “art work”, a flower scent floated in the air and rushed to my nose. On the grassland beyond the bushes, I saw colorful wasps flying around, emitting annoying bzzz sounds. In addition, their stringers looked strangely metallic; they were what I was trying to find – Killer Bees!
I slowly approached the nearest Big Wasp. When it was about 20 meters away, I greedily read the attributes of the monster. Know thyself and thy enemy and thou shall not be defeated in a hundred battles!
[Killer Bee] (Normal monster)
Level: 24
Attack: 94-154
Defense: 50
HP: 700
Ability: [Combo (LV-3)]
Description: The lords of the Poisonous Grassland. Even mighty beasts such as tigers can’t do anything about them.
……
When I looked at the attributes for the Killer Bee, my heart skipped a beat. My God, 154 attack damage! Used with the combo ability, I might not survive to see the next day. This was quite challenging!
Approaching with light steps, I attacked first!
Sha!
I rushed out my hiding place and cast level 2 [Encourage], which raised my attack by 2%. Even a tiny bit made a difference! I drew an arc, and sliced horizontally.
Bang!
117!
The killer bee’s body flied backward from the power within the strike. But almost immediately, it buzzed back to initiate its counter attack. It was a Combo! While it stabbed me continuously, I nearly ran of out of HP, but I took the chance and cast [Heal]!
174! 
180! 
+35​​4! 
172! 
I barely escaped with my life. That was way too scary. Although I had some decent armor, it was still a cloth armor and against high leveled monsters, it was too weak, bah!
I healed myself at the exact right time, and saved myself from death. The rest of the fight was a lot easier since the cooldown for the combo was quite high. But even without combos, the Killer Bee wa quite formidable. After managing to kill the Killer Bee, I was covered in cold sweat. How was this a normal monster? This was more like fighting with a boss for survival!
The first Killer Bee didn’t drop any equipment, so I continued on. I cruised around some Killer Bees, checking their levels before I made a move. But even then, I didn’t find a single level 1 Killer Bee…
After fighting countless Killer Bees and not finding a level 1 Killer Bee, it was nearly noon so I ate my lunch box, and continued on.
I kept hunting the Killer Bees in the Poisonous Grassland until 3 p.m. I kept repeating the same movements. I killed some Killer Bees, then they respawned again, then I killed them again. I repeated this over and over and would keep repeating it until I found a level 1 killer bee!
……
Finally, the reward showed itself. When it was almost 4pm, a level 1 Killer Bee appeared!
Shaking from excitement, I held onto a small tree for support. To calm my nerves I took a breath. The level 1 Killer Bee was happily dancing around in the fields. Afraid that the level 1 bee would fly out of my grasp, I immediately took out a hefty stack of seals. Since I was quite rich, I had bought 100 seals for this moment! This level 1 Killer Bee was mine!
Sha!
The seal flied out, and enveloped the head of the level 1 Killer Bee. Like before, a hexagram bolted down with light flies down. But the Killer Bee resisted, violently darting out of the hexagram. Slowly the lights faded, the sealing having failed. The bee happily flew back into the flowery grassland…
But I gnashed my teeth and persisted. With a 24% chance of sealing it, I would be successful!
I kept on trying, and on the 5th seal, finally, the Killer Bee stopped darting out of the hexagram. With a flash of light it entered my pet storage. I was going to be rich now!
I excitedly open up my pet list window. The attributes for the Killer Bee showed up on the screen, pretty good——
[Killer Bee]
Level：1
Attack：★★★★☆
Defense：★★★
Health：★★★☆
Agility：★★★★☆
Magic Power：★★☆
Excellency Rating：74%
……
Excellency of 74%! This was a fairly high-end pet, and that 4.5 stars worth of attack could cause people to drool over this pet or flinch when the pet was flying at them. This was good stuff!
With unmatched excitement, I decided that I would keep this Killer Bee. My first pet!
As I was about to release the Killer Bee to level up with me, I noticed something glittering in front of the forest, undoubtedly another Killer Bee respawning. But a black shadow appeared!
No, that was not right. I had seen plenty of Killer Bees respawns, but the respawn of this one was very slow, but very elegant as well!
I rubbed my eyes, and continued watching. Within the golden glow, a wasp similar to the killer bee respawned, but it was also different. The wings had a faint golden colour, and the stinger was golden as well. Its body was sturdy and strong, it’s thin shell lightly sparkling under the sun. It was like a huge bee with armor!
I looked at the attributes of this strange creature, and I almost fainted away. Oi, it was level 1! It was really level 1!
[Bee Overlord] (Elite Monster)
Level: 1
Description: The evolved state of a Killer Bee. A monster that is said to be a killer in legends, the Bee Overlord has incomparable attack power and agility. It is a nightmare to poachers, and a murderer to many heroes.
……
Looking at my seal window, the Killer Bee seal was flashing on a column. When I opened the seal information window up, not only was there a picture of the Killer Bee, there was also a seal for the Bee Overlord. Apparently, the Bee Overlord still counted as a Killer Bee! This was great, I coud seal the Bee Overlord!
Buzz!
My mind went blank at the surprise! It was an elite-ranked monster and level 1! And monster seals were so rare that they were like 10 point beauties, rare and unobtainable. But for me, I had the seal for Killer Bees which meant that I could seal Bee Overlords. This only meant one thing. God, I was going to make a fortune!
Hovering over the Bee Overlord drawing’s head was the sealing chance——11%. Hm, I could take this slowly and eventually, i would seal it. There was nothing to be afraid of when I had 95 seals!
Cha!
I threw out the first seal, but it was easily shaken by the bee and a [MISS] popped up. The Bee Overlord flew at the same spot in a circle. It was taunting me…
Cha!
I sent out my second seal, and after 1.5 seconds, a [MISS] popped up again. The bee continued to taunt me.
Third seal! Taunt!
Fourth seal! Taunt!
Fifth seal! Taunt…
……
Although I was a patient person, I was about to go insane after missing 87 seals. How was this an 11% chance,  it was more like 1%!
On my 91st seal, I threw it out, and like the 90 times before, a hexagram appeared.  I muttered, “I pray to you God, please have mercy on me!”
The Bee Overlord buzzed non-stop, but unlike before, it stayed in the hexagram. Slowly, the Bee Overlord shrinked smaller and smaller, and with a sha sound, it went into the seal. With a flash it entered my pet window!
I immediately opened the pet window to look up the Bee Overlord’s attributes. At that moment, my heart really felt like it was going to stop! The stats were too good. The wasted seals had all been compensated for~
[Bee Overlord]
Level：1
Attack：★★★★★
Defense：★★★★
Health：★★★☆
Agility：★★★★☆
Magic Power：★★☆
Excellency Rating：97%
……
Compared to the Killer Bee, the good point about the Bee Overlord was that the attack was 5 stars instead of 4.5 and its defense rose by 1 star. The rest of the stats were the same. Like the Killer Bee, the Bee Overlord’s HP and magic power were pretty low, and the agility was pretty high. But the most important stat I needed was attack damage to compensate for my low attack damage, and the Bee Overlord had huge high attack damage, so that was good enough for me. With my [Heal] and [Hemostasis], the Bee Overlord would be able to sustain high damage and keep dishing out high damage!
More importantly, it had 97% in excellence, which I had never seen before!
My heart was going crazy, and I immediately called out the Bee Overlord and lead it to kill monsters. I had one more thing that I needed to do. I needed to create a name for my pet. If I called it “Bee Overlord” it would be a bit too domineering. With this pet that was full of damage, I needed a cute and adorable name, so it could hide its killing intent!
After thinking for a while, I happily gave the Bee Overlord a new name——Baby Bobo.
Ah, what a fearful name!
Oh Baby Bobo, your name will go down in <Destiny> history! You will become an unshakable force. You will be honored for centuries, feared by all!
[][][]

