
Chapter 643 Brilliant Fire Emperor
I lifted my head to take a look. As expected, Dragon Emperor, the level 115 Knight, had brought a group of players here. They had come straight from the eighth floor and landed on the ninth floor. All the monsters here had been cleared out by us, [Zhan Long], so they shouldn’t have anything to argue over with us. The only problem was, the corpse of the BOSS Cang Gu was just beside my leg. They should’ve seen it already. So what exactly did they come down the 9th floor for? Could it be that they want pick a fight with us? 
……
Dragon Emperor raised his long halberd as he urged his horse forward. He smiled, "I've heard that Ba Huang City has an epic tier map called Pangu's Abyss. Yet, I didn't expect that [Zhan Long] would arrive here before us and kill the BOSS first. So unfortunate......."
I climbed onto my mount, pulled out my Dragon Reservoir Sword to face him directly. I chuckled and said, "Yeah, it certainly is very unfortunate. Otherwise, we wouldn’t been able to see a group of people getting miserably PKed because they were trying to steal the BOSS.
[Emperor's Blood] vice-guild leader, Blue Dragon Emperor raised his indigo sword and said, "Xiao Yao Zi Zai,we didn’t come here to fight [Zhan Long] to the death. Since you have already taken the BOSS down, why don't you give this area to us. We’re only here to gather herbs."
"Gather Herbs?" Wan Er was somewhat stunned as she immediately glanced around the whole area. It was only then that she notice the many different herbs growing on the walls on the ninth floor. Some of them were even Tier 10 Demon God Grass. Consequently, this little beauty looked at me with a face of joy. "Pig, we can first harvest the herbs before leaving ......" 
The muscles on my face twitched a little as I said to her, "Others just said that they came here to gather herbs and now, you want to gather the herbs before leaving? This is obviously putting us against them ah......" 
However, even though I said otherwise, I still unsheathed my Zhen Yue Sword. With two swords in my hands, I chuckled, "I'm sorry. We came to Pangu's Abyss planning to monopolise everything here. All of the monsters here have all been killed by the brothers of [Zhan Long]. Just to kill our way through to the 9th floor, many of our brothers from [Zhan Long] have sacrificed their levels to get here. Friends from [Emperor's Blood], I hope you can give us [Zhan Long] some respect and give this entire Pangu's Abyss to us, members of Ba Huang City. I believe that Jiu Li City too has many similar high-level maps like that of Pangu's Abyss."  
Indignantly, Blue Dragon Emperor roared, "Xiao Yao Zi Zai, just what are you exactly trying to imply here? Are you that greedy? Even after you killed the BOSS, you still want the herbs?What exactly do you think our [Emperor's Blood] is?"
Li Mu then swiftly lifted his long sword and commanded, "[Zhan Long], get into battle formations, prepare for battle!"
Old K, One Second Hero, Wolf and the other members then hurriedly raised their swords and crossbows and started to get into position.The front line was made up of Li Mu, Wang Jian, Bai Qi, Yue Qing Qian and Star Blade, all of whom were famous players in Ba Huang City. In terms of strength, sending 30% of our troops would have been enough to crush the an opponent that didn’t even have a hundred men on their team
……
... ...
"Sh*t......"
Dragon Emperor lifted his long halberd. He glared at me and said, "Guildmaster Xiao Yao Zi Zai, if I don't remember wrongly, [Zhan Long]'s motto was to fight for the weak. If you were to act like this today against us weaklings, don't you think it's a little hypocritical?"
I couldn't help but laugh. I stabbed my Zhen Yue Sword into a stone slab in front of him with a "keng" sound and coldly said, "Fighting for the weak. Then who exactly is the weak? [Emperor's Blood] counts on their weak strength to steal [Zhan Long]'s hard-fought rewards. To the weakling who has provoked the strong, whether or not I kill them is of no consequence. But do you think I'm stupid? Did you think mentioning my motto of "Fighting for the weak" would make me submit to you? Dragon Emperor, having said so, you should act more carefully. [Zhan Long] is a guild that fights for the weak. But more importantly.......we will never be bullied! Come! If you have the guts, try to advance past my sword. If you dare to come, we will fight with you!" 
As I said that, I looked towards Wan Er and whispered, "Dear, why don't you take some people to harvest the herbs!"
Wan Er cheerfully nodded her head and took Dong Cheng, Qing Qian and the other sisters to gather the Demon God Grass around the walls. Meanwhile, I lead Li Mu, Wang Jian and Ran Min to maintain the defense line with the other core fighting powers of [Zhan Long]. 
Dragon Emperor mounted his war horse, and grit his teeth. Despite his fury, he didn’t seem to have any plan. Putting up a brave front was a frightening idea but if he were to retreat in front of the players from his guild, he wouldn't have any face left. Therefore, he was left seated on his warhorse for a long time without any sort of plan.  
……
... ...
After roughly 20 minutes, all the Demon God Grass that was growing on the wall behind me was gathered clean. Wan Er looked at me and smiled, "My [Herb Gathering] has finally levelled to 12 ......" 
I nodded and smiled, "That's good......Let's retreat then. Let everyone return to the city!"  
"We can’t......" 
Wan Er looked at [Emperor's Blood] and said, "[Emperor's Blood] hasn’t left yet. They will wait for our main strength to leave first and kill the remaining members in the hall. That won't be good......" 
I thought and glanced at Dragon Emperor and said, "[Emperor's Blood] Guildmaster, are you planning to waste more time with [Zhan Long] here? I’m thinking that [Emperor’s Blood] won’t even make it into the top sixteen of the Chinese Servers for the Hero’s Wing’s Cup at this rate. Why don’t you go and grind your levels and equipments?” 
Dragon Emperor bit his lip and said reluctantly, "Brothers, let's go!"
I softly smiled as I looked at the large group of [Emperor's Blood] players make their leave. It was only when they had completely left did I pull out a City Return Scroll to Tian Ling City. I then shouted, "Let's all return back to the city and to King Rob where we'll receive our rewards!"
Everyone took out their city return scroll together and instantaneously, countless rays of light swept across as 100 players left the area back to the city.  
……
... ...
As I lead the elites of [Zhan Long] back to the Imperial Palace, I could see many players from the three big cities all rushing to complete the procedures to register as a member of Tian Ling City. However, since this was no longer the first day of opening, King Rob was no longer the person in charge of the registration process. Instead official secretaries were positioned outside the main hall to be in charge.  
My Flying Scythe War Horse neighed loudly as it swiftly rode into the main hall. Behind, Wan Er, Qing Qian, Li Mu and the other members were all following me.  
I slid off my mount and retrieved the fragment of Pangu's Axe from my bag. I then walked forward and presented it to King Rob, "Your Majesty, we have returned from Pangu's Abyss and have brought you a most valuable treasure......" 
King Rob asked astoundedly, "Young warrior, what have you brought?" 
I lifted the fragment and said, "This, this fragment of Pangu's Axe......" 
"What?
!"
King Rob trembled a little as he stood there in shock, "Pangu's Axe......It has finally seen daylight again, this......" 
On the side, Princess Pearl joyfully exclaimed, "Congratulations Lord Father for obtaining a fragment of Pangu's Axe!" 
Prince Theodore added, "Huh? I heard Pangu's Abyss was guarded by the strongest members of the Chi You Tribe? Has this adventurer actually gone to Pangu's Abyss and killed that Chi You Tribe General Cang Gu already?" 
I nodded my head in agreement, "Yes Sir. My party members and I have already killed Cang Gu. That's how we were able to obtain Pangu's Axe!" 
"Good, good, good!
King Rob joyfully agreed three times and said, "With this Pangu's Axe, our Tian Ling Empire will stand a better chance in defeating the Hybrid Demon Army in the north, this is very good! Theodore, I’ll bestow this Pangu’s Axe for you to use. Just in time too since you don’t have a good weapon at the moment." 
Theodore knelt with one knee on the floor as he shouted, "Many thanks to Lord Father! I will not dishonour your command!" 
The Second Prince Owen then mentioned, "Lord Father, I know of a famous weaponsmith living by the Northern Seas. He has collected many rare and precious metals. With his talent, maybe he would be able to forge a real godly weapon infused with Pangu's spirit using the fragment of Pangu's Axe." 
King Rob nodded his head and said, "Ok, it will be done as you said!" 
Princess Pearl smiled brightly as she reminded him from the side, "Lord Father, you’ve forgotten to reward these adventurers who have brought the Pangu's Axe to you......They are all waiting for you......" 
King Rob laughed heartily as he stood up and looked at us, saying, "Adventurers, you are the pride of Tian Ling City. Come, you have helped this lone king to retrieve Pangu's Axe. Here is a reward deserving of your deeds!" 
……
"Ding!"
System Notification: Congratulations, you have helped King Rob in his task to retrieve and reforge the Pangu's Axe and exterminate Hybrid Demons at Pangu's Abyss. Your contributions are worth 3928 points and you have received a SSS tier reward!
"Ding!"
System Notification: Congratulations, you have obtained 30 charm, 1 level, 40000 gold coins, and your reputation in Tian Ling City has increased. Furthermore, you’ve been awarded the following items: [Brilliant Fire Emperor] (Divine Tier Equipment . Superior)! 
……
" Brilliant Fire Emperor?"
I was momentarily stunned, what exactly is this?
I opened my inventory to take a look, and to my awe, it was a long sword with blazing fire and smoke around it. On the blade appeared the three words "Brilliant Fire Emperor". Tsk, is this my new sword?
Lifting it out of the sheath, the raging flames soared a few metres into the air with a "hua" sound. The grandeur of this sword was certainly not subtle. It completely won over my Zhen Yue Sword. As I looked at its stats, I understood that Divine Tier Equipment were truly not normal. The most important part was that it had a high level requirement,  so its attack power was pretty high. I can finally upgrade my secondary weapon -- -- 
Brilliant Fire Emperor (Divine Tier Equipment . Superior)
Attack: 4120-4750
Strength: +137
Stamina: +135
Agility: +134
Magic: +130
Additional: Increases user's attack power by 50%
Additional: Increases user's flame splash damage by 40%
Additional: Increases the user's attack speed by 40%
Special: [Raging Flames], after attacking a target, there's a 50% chance of inflicting a burn effect, causing 50% of the weapon’s damage for 7 seconds.
Special: Extremely durable. Durability decreases 50% slower. 
Introduction: Brilliant Fire Emperor, In the ancient times, flames scorched the earth and demons and beast laid chaos. The human world was bereaved with death and battle. The ancient gods had all died in battle. When their weapons fell upon the earth, they was smelted by the fire on the earth. Finally, after tens of thousand of years, it turned into a godly weapon. That weapon is this Brilliant Fire Emperor. 
Required Level: 118
Required Charm: 250
Required profession: Swordsman
……
After looking at the stats of the Brilliant Fire Emperor, I was elated. Not mentioning the boost in attack power, that special durability was something I liked a lot. The speed at which the weapon degraded was slowed to 50% the normal rate. Everytime I fixed my equipment, it was after it had broke before I could repair it. The Dragon Reservoir Sword's durability would never decrease so it wasn’t an issue but my Zhen Yue Sword would always break first. With this Brilliant Fire Emperor, I could fight much longer than usual. This weapon was definitely to my liking! 
With a "ka" sound, I switched out my Zhen Yue Sword for the Brilliant Fire Sword. My attack has risen so much without me knowing. Besides, my current two swords...... the Dragon Reservoir Sword had a magical dragon appearance to it while the Brilliant Fire Emperor had a very fiery and heaven-defying look; both looked absolutely grandeur and high tier. 
……
I looked at the Zhen Yue Sword. This was the sword that Wan Er had spent a lot of RMB to help me buy. Currently, the game's old equipment was being outshadowed by the new equipment quickly. This Zhen Yue Sword has helped me in countless fights and can be said to have reached its peak. 
Beside me, the beautiful little miss smiled pleasantly, "Pig, is this the weapon you were rewarded with? How many contribution points did you have to exchange for this?" 
"3928 contribution points......Wan Er, what did you get?"
"I only had around 2400 contribution points, and so I got a pair of Saint Tier shoes. I’ll probably sell it!” 
"Ok. I’m swapping out the Zhen Yue Sword, what should I do with it? Should I sell it for money and take you out to eat some good food, how about that?"
Wan Er laughed as she replied, "Dummy, we need to deal with it accordingly. The level requirement for Zhen Yue Sword is only 95, it’d be a much better idea to leave it for Meng Yao!”  
"Okay......"
……
At that moment, Old K raised his axe and said, "Motherf*cker, that Enchanted Painting is still dominating the arena. She’s beaten a lot of our elites from the Second Division. How about we go and take a look!”
Li Mu replied, "Okay, Let's go to look at what kind of demon this girl is!"
