
[] [] []
Chapter 263 – New Source of Provocation
Finally, Lin Wan Er’s phone call came at 5PM, and we agreed to meet below the girls’ dorm.
Not long after, the beautiful figures of Lin Wan Er and Dong Cheng Yue appeared out of the front doors. I tugged on my jacket. Perhaps I was feeling a little chilly, or perhaps I was afraid of them seeing the scars crisscrossing over my body.
……
“Xiao Yao?” Dong Cheng Yue tilted her head and looked at me, “You haven’t been online for the whole day, what happened? Unless you don’t even want to keep your [Zhan Long] guild…”
I faintly smiled, “Not a chance. [Zhan Long] is my lifeblood. I can’t possibly give it up.”
Dong Cheng Yue’s gaze drifted downwards as she teased, “Oh? I thought your lifeblood is that…”
I lifted my fist and said, “Hey, you want to die?”
Dong Cheng Yue giggled cutely, “Okay okay. Spare me, young knight. Let’s go, we’re leaving campus for a bit…”
“Oh? What for?”
Lin Wan Er speedily walked beside me and pulled on my arm. She laughed as she explained, “What else? Let’s go buy you some new clothes. Just think of it as something to make up for what you did for me yesterday.”
“You don’t have to do that, young miss…”
“Stop talking, let’s go!”
……
With two beautiful girls on my side, the security guard at the gate was stunned stiff. Looks of admiration, jealousy, and disdain were written on his face. Lin Wan Er and Dong Cheng Yue were Liu Hua University Beauty ranking’s first and second place. The fact that the two girls who made the campus’ rich boys drool incessantly were both holding one man’s arms at the same time was something unfair to the world.
At the Mei Luo shopping mall, in the Business district, Lin Wan Er picked an Armani specialty store and brought me two sets of clothes. One was a business suit and the other a casual outfit.
First I tried the casual outfit. Wearing a set of new clothes in front of the mirror, I was slightly unable to believe my own eyes. Clothes could definitely make a person. Lin Wan Er delightfully looked at me, “Looks pretty good. Let’s go with this…”
The corners of Dong Cheng Yue’s mouths curved into a smile while she lowered her head, seemingly unable to look at me. Her cheeks became flushed red.
“Dong Cheng, what are you doing?” I asked.
Dong Cheng Yue continued to lowered her head, “I… I can’t look straight at you. Too handsome. I like it so much that I’m afraid that I will have an urge to hug you right in front of Wan Er…”
Lin Wan Er rolled her eyes and laughed, “It’s fine. If you want to hug him, then hug him…”
Dong Cheng Yue continued to keep her head down, “No, I’m scared that my heart might beat too fast and go into epileptic shock…”
Me: “…….”
……
Lin Wan Er handed me a black suit and said, “Try this one as well. You’ll be bound to attend some kind of formal events in the future so you ought to have a decent looking suit…”
I glanced at the price tag and took a deep breath. It was an 84000RMB suit. What kind of suit was this? Was it made out of gold threads?
“Wan Er…” I held onto the suit and was a little troubled. I whispered in her ear, “You know that I often get into fights with people, so my clothes are easily damaged. This kind of clothing is too extravagant for me. If I do end up damaging it, I think I would die. Not only that, I didn’t do anything to deserve this, so… I will be very embarrassed…”
Lin Wan Er looked up at me with her teasing eyes, “Oh? Why is your face so thin now, my Xiao Yao ge ge?”
My scruffy face blushed red.
Lin Wan Er reached out and pushed me inside the dressing room. Following behind me, she entered and locked the door. She stood gleefully with her arms crossed, while the ample 34D were in front of me. I nearly suffocated as I forgot to breath. She paid no heed and said, “Change into the suit. I want to see if it fits you.”
I was a little embarrassed, “Turn around…”
“I don’t want to…”
“Why?”
“You’ve seen me once, so are you saying I can’t watch you?” The beautiful girl blushed.
I was speechless. Slowly removing the casual jacket, there was a white dress shirt inside. Right as I took off the jacket, Lin Wan Er immediate cried in alarm, “Ah…”
“What’s wrong, Wan Er?”
Lin Wan Er walked up to me and unbuttoned the top two buttons on my shirt. As a result, the wound on my chest appeared before her eyes. The claw wound on my shoulder was the most serious, because it looked the most wretched of all the scars.
As her soft hands gently touched the wound, Lin Wan Er’s shoulders trembled. She looked up at me with bloodshot eyes, “What happened? Tell me…who injured you like this?”
My heart shook as I looked at her worrying face and I could not help but feel sorry as well. Shaking my head, I smilingly said, “It’s alright. Doesn’t even hurt anymore. Wan Er…don’t look at me like this, I…”
Wan Er trained her eyes on me as tears dripped down her cheeks, “What do you mean it doesn’t hurt? You idiot… Don’t think I don’t know. My dad had called me this morning and told me all about what happened last night… I’ll…I’ll go beg Wang Xin and ask him to let you go. Don’t fight with those inhuman things anymore, ok? I don’t…I don’t want you to…”
As she spoke, she choked with sobs.
My heart ached, but I supported her shoulder and looked into her eyes. Earnestly explained, “Wan Er, this is my destiny. I, Li Xiao Yao, have dedicated my whole life to justice. For a lifetime, I’ve always wanted to fight for the weak. It doesn’t matter if I am a cop or a soldier, I still want to fight for the innocent people in the world. My abilities have destined me to always stand in the frontlines. It’s destined that I can’t enjoy a peaceful life.”
Lifting my hand, I brushed away the tears on her face while my heart ached.
Lin Wan Er’s body lightly shook and threw off my hand. Taking a step back, she looked me in the eye and said, “I don’t care what your destiny is, but you must promise me. No matter what you’ll be going out to do, you must come back alive…”
I took a deep breath and nodded, “Okay, I promise you. I will always come back to you alive, regardless of where and when!”
“Okay…” Lin Wan Er sat powerlessly down on the seat in the corner. Lowering her head to wipe off the rest of her tears, she said, “Change your clothes…”
“Yes…”
……
After changing into the suit, I walked out of the dressing room with Lin Wan Er behind me.
Outside, Dong Cheng Yue stood fuming as she complained, “Great. You guys heartlessly left me outside. You two are truly loyal friends, sob sob…”
Lin Wan Er grasped Dong Cheng’s hand and comforted her, “Don’t be angry Dong Cheng…I just had something to talk about with Li Xiao Yao…”
“Don’t you mean something to do?”
Dong Cheng Yue’s mouth curved into a smirk, “Sigh… Just 7 minutes? What can I say for you, Xiao Yao? Only a short 7 minutes. Not even because taking off clothes and putting them back on would take at least 3 minutes. A mere 4 minutes… Can you really give Wan Er happiness in the future?”
My face turned green, “What 4 minutes? Why don’t I understand what you’re talking about…”
“Stop pretending!”
“…..”
Dong Cheng Yue looked me over again and softly chuckled, “But I got to say, this outfit is actually pretty good looking. Don’t move for a second…”
“Eh?”
Under my astonished gaze, Dong Cheng Yue walked next to me and reached out to hold onto my arm. Lifting up her heels, she intimately leaned onto my chest and gave me a peck on the cheek. At the same time, she raised her cellphone and snapped a picture. Looking down on her phone afterwards, she rejoiced, “Wow, I finally got the picture that I wanted the most…”
Lin Wan Er was speechless, “This fellow… so this is as far as you’ll get in life?”
Dong Cheng Yue giggled, “Wan Er, if you don’t want Xiao Yao in the future, remember to give me a call. I’ll fly over as fast as possible to take him. This man, only you are allowed to take him from me. You have to remember that…”
Lin Wan Er was at a loss for words, “Okay, I’ll do that…”
Nearby, the female clerk had a green face, “Wow, lady-killer, you are really lucky. To have two beautiful girls fighting for you…”
I looked at her and sighed, “You just don’t know if they could be vying for the chance to beat me when we get back!”
Clerk: “……”
……
After buying the clothes, the three of us dined at a nearby restaurant.
“Oh, that’s right. Do you two know anything about what Wang Ze Cheng is doing?” I looked up at the two girls before me.
Lin Wan Er asked in surprise, “About what?”
Dong Cheng Yue said, “I heard that Wang Ze Cheng’s ID is Cang Cheng. Looks like he wants to connect himself with Wan Er and I. For the last two days, he sent out several lackies to buy Devil Tokens to trade for large sums of experience. The price of Devil Tokens was pushed up to the ten thousands. I heard that Wang Ze Cheng spent a total of 11 million RMB to buy about 1400+ Bounty Tokens. He had almost bought out the whole market and finally raised himself to Lv 60 for the 3rd advancement…”
I nodded, “Not only that, Wang Ze Cheng joined [Hero Mound] and was said that Q-Sword would give him an important position. What are your opinions on this?”
Lin Wan Er pursed her lips, “I’ll hold back my opinion.”
Dong Cheng Yue was speechless, “That annoying fly Wang Ze Cheng. He just keeps trying to stay around our Wan Er…”
I laughed, “In any case, Wang Ze Cheng joining [Hero Mound] has no conflict with [Zhan Long], so I don’t really mind it.”
……
Right at that moment, Lin Wan Er’s phone rang. After listening for a few seconds, she hung up while her face grew ghastly pale.
“What’s wrong, Wan Er?” I asked.
Lin Wan Er clenched her fist, “That was Q-Sword. He said he handed [Hero Mound]’s First Division to Cang Cheng. Furthermore, Cang Cheng will be leading the First Division to settle in Ba Huang City in an hour. [Hero Mound] is starting their plan to expand to the other two main cities. He asked Dong Cheng and I to lead the main guild’s team of 200 to accompany the First Division enter Ba Huang City. After which, we’ll have to help them successfully settle down in Ba Huang City…”
“Bang!”
Dong Cheng Yue pounded her fist on the table in anger, “Is Q-Sword’s brain dead? He let Wang Ze Cheng take charge of the First Division? And he wants to settle in Ba Huang City? Where…where did they decide to settle down?”
Lin Wan Er replied pensively, “Magic Tracking Forest. It neighbors [Zhan Long]’s Qilin Valley and probably takes about 10 minutes to travel between the two location.”
Dong Cheng Yue looked at me and asked smugly, “Do you still think Wang Ze Cheng’s First Division won’t have conflicts with [Zhan Long]?”
“You…what do you plan on doing?” Lin Wan Er looked at me and asked.
……
“Pa…”
Lightly placing my cup onto the table, I indifferently said, “Why would I allow anyone to run free in my backyard? If they want to station their base in Magic Tracking Forest, then they will have to pardon [Zhan Long] when it attacks Hero Mound’s First Division!”
[] [] []

