
[]  []  []
Chapter 266: Initiate the Attack
“General Li Mu, wait!”
I rested my hand on his sword’s sheath: “Ba Huang City is a public map, not our territory. Attacking here would be very harmful to us. Besides, we only have a handful of people.”
Yue Qing Qian’s eyes wandered into the distance: “By the look of things, Cang Cheng is set on becoming our enemy.”
General Wang Jian asked: “Then what should we do?”
“Go to Green Qilin Valley. There are no hopes for us to grind now. We’ll fight against [Hero’s Mound]’s First Division to the end!”
“Alright!”
……
Yue Qing Qian and General Li Mu lead dozens of Zhan Long’s high level players towards Qilin Valley. Lifting up my sword, I faced Lin Wan Er and Dong Cheng Yue: “Well, there you have it, although Wang Ze Cheng appears to be polite and sincere, his actual goal in Ba Huang City was to destroy the relations between [Zhan Long] and [Hero’s Mound].”
Wan Er smiled: “Yup, I saw. Dong Cheng Yue and I will go with you to Qilin Valley. I want to see just what exactly it is that Wang Ze Cheng is scheming…..”
“Sure!”
……
The two 100 men teams from [Hero’s Mound] started towards Qilin Valley. With my Emperor Qin’s Sword, I traveled side by side with Wan Er. I knew that the hundred’s of people in the teams were Wan Er’s friends and they would definitely not attack. Heck, if Wan Er were to just give one command, they would immediately defect to [Zhan Long]. With Lin Wan Er’s charisma, getting a hundred high level players to become our strength could be easily achieved.
After around an hour, with rippling winds, the spring like area of the Qilin Valley appeared in front of us. With many seasonal flowers and wild beasts, the Qilin Valley was an exceptional training area. It was only because of this was [Zhan Long] able become a Level 3 guild and approaching Level 4 in a such a short amount of time. This was our only weakness. If [Zhan Long] was a Level 4 Guild, with 3000 members, we would not have to fear [Hero Mound]’s First Division at all.
“Hua!”
At that soft sound, a beautiful shadow appeared in the air. It was our number one Mage, Thousand Suns over Snowy Lands, carrying her staff, while her shoulders carried the symbol of a team leader, she came over a smiled: “Boss, you finally arrived! Oh….. even Cang Tong, Cang Yue, those two beauties were brought over…Doesn’t this hint that we won’t be able to fight with [Hero’s Mound]?”
Wan Er was unoffended as she said: “Thousand Suns beauty, you are misunderstanding. We are not part of the First Division group. This battle will still most likely start….”
“Uh….” Thousand Suns over Snowy Lands smiled: “Although I don’t entirely understand, I somewhat get it. I will immediately go to the border of Qilin Valley to assign people to their proper places and prepare to meet [Hero’s Mound]’s First Division in battle.”
I nodded: “Sure, go ahead!”
……
Wan Er pointed at the distant forest and said “Dong Cheng and I will bring our people there to clean out the monsters. We’ll keep an eye out on the map, but…..”
She pouted and said “But right now, we are still [Hero’s Mound]’s Vice Guild Master, so we won’t be attacking any members of [Hero’s Mound]’s First Division. Just thought that I would explain this to you.”
I couldn’t help but smile, “That’s fine, you not attacking us is already our greatest support. Right now, Q-Sword is acting dumb and I don’t want you to have bad relations with [Hero’s Mound]. Wan Er, if Q-Sword really attacks [Zhan Long], what would you do?”
Wan Er looked at me with her beautiful eyes and smiled “Dong Cheng and I will immediately take off our [Hero’s Mound] emblem, come to Ba Huang City and join you. How about it?”
I clapped my hands together. “Alright, now this is the result I want. Now our [Zhan Long] will destroy [Hero’s Mound]’s First Division without any mercy…..”
“Ah.”
…….
Jumping into the canyon, I summoned Flaming Tiger God. The tiger suddenly roared, and on top of its head were two large words “Cang Tong”. Wan Er stood there in silence. With her snowy long legs, she stomped on the group and angrily said “Li Xiao Yao, you bastard. You really dared to use my name for your Flaming Tiger God. Ugh. Just you wait….”
I pretended that I did not hear her as I brought the Flaming Tiger God into the bush towards the rendezvous point where Old K, Fox and Matcha were at. Li Mu, Yue Qing Qian came as well. Right now, all the officers of [Zhan Long] were gathered under a tall tree.
“[Hero’s Mound]’s First Division has started to enter the Magic Tracking Forest…..” Yue Qing Qian reported.
Li Mu clenched the hilt of his sword, “Currently in the Magic Tracking Forest, there are about 100 [Blood Contract] members leveling. Han Bei Song is probably anxiously recalling the members who were leveling elsewhere to come to the Magic Tracking Forest to help… But [Crimson Contract] is a Level 3 Guild with only 1000 members. Their average level isn’t as high as [Zhan Long], they definitely cannot hold [Hero’s Mound] back. Just now, everyone saw when Guild Master and I attacked Cang Cheng. His equipment is very strong and his movements are not too shabby either. He is not weaker than Hang Bei Song at all.”
Little Wolf smiled slightly while holding his dagger, “No Problem, There’s also us. How can [Zhan Long] stand still while their friends are being bullied?”
Old K asked, “When do we start attacking?”
“Let’s wait a bit first”
I looked at the map and said “The Magic Tracking Forest is a very complicated map, luckily for us, we are more familiar with it compared to the opponents. Send some Wind Elves to scout around. Gather our elite forces on the west side of the Qilin Valley and wait for command. If nothing goes wrong, the battle should start in half an hour. We have to destroy [Hero’s Mound]’s First Division in one go and show this Cang Cheng kid who’s boss around here.”
“Yeah!”
……
Around 10 minutes later, the west side of Qilin Valley was filled with 800+ of [Zhan Long]’s elites waiting. It was the hottest time to get online right now so 879 of our 1000 members were online.
“Di!”
A message came from Han Bei Song “Sigh……..”
The long sigh showed how much he despised the situation. I smiled ” Han Bei Song, what’s wrong?”
“Nothing….” He replied with a voice of uncertainty. “I just brought 400+ player to the Frost Lands to fight with a 100 man squad from [Flying Dragons]. I didn’t think that something like this would be happening. It’s like going out with brothers to go grave robbing only to find your wife sleeping with a thief when you come back.”
I replied reassuringly, “Don’t worry. They haven’t slept yet. Don’t jump to conclusions too quickly. With [Zhan Long] here, [Hero’s Mound]’s First Division won’t be able to take over the Magic Tracking Forest so easily.”
Han Bei Song nodded. “Yeah. I have my people at the north side of Magic Tracking Forest and you have yours on the east side. When [Hero’s Mound]’ First Division enters, we’ll attack them from both sides and turn them all into corpses.”
“Yeah, I was thinking of the same thing. How many people do you have right now?”
“Around 1100 that are online”
“Close enough. [Zhan Long] also has around a thousand members. The First Division that Cang Cheng brought has around 2000 members online. We will definitely not lose if our numbers are equal.
“Okay. My people will be ready in around 20 minutes.”
“Alright. We’ll be needing each others help when we attack.”
“Ok!”
…..
A row of silver trees swayed around the borders of Qilin Forest and the Magic Tracking Forest. The wind blew softly as my Cloak of Disillusionment fluttered behind me. With my arms crossed in front of my chest and the server’s number one weapon, the Qin Emperor Sword on my back, I looked into the distance “Little Wolf, what is the situation right now?”
Little Wolf replies “They already have around 1000 players enter Magic Tracking Forest to clear out the monsters and train. Brother Xiao Yao, should we start moving?”
“Don’t be too hasty. Wait for them to all enter first.”
“Okay”
Yue Qing Qian said “Boss, we need some man power in the south entrance as well. That way we’ll trap them when they enter Magic Tracking Forest.”
I couldn’t help but laugh. “I would like to do that as well… But all of [Zhan Long]’s players are right here, a total of 800+ players.”
“Actually….”
Beautiful Matcha was sitting on top of her trees rubbing her eyes and laughed: “Actually Boss, this is not all of our members. I forgot to tell you something…..”
“Eh? What is it Matcha?” I asked
Matcha jumped down and landed in front of me, holding her Glass Spear of the Dragon’s Soul and laughed: “In these 48 hours, I used [Zhan Long]’s name to recruit members from the four gates of Ba Huang City. Leading these members will be Dancing Forest. Right now they are in the south side of Magic Tracking Forest at a total of 1100+ members whose average level is 57.1. Not as high as the Guild Master’s and they did not enter the guild yet. Dancing Forest said that this battle will test the loyalty of these members towards [Zhan Long]!”
I was stunned. “This….. is this for real? Our [Zhan Long] still has 1100+ members extra?”
“Of course Boss….” Matcha said with a smile. “Why do you think I’ve been so busy these two days? I didn’t eat or drink and sat boringly outside the gates to recruit members. You think this is easy? I even made an excel spreadsheet with their contact information, level, equipments and etc. I’ll send you the file in a bit….”
I was overjoyed. I couldn’t help but put my arms around Matcha’s waist, hugged her, and lifted her up. While laughing I said “Great! With Matcha in [Zhan Long] we don’t have to worry about establishing ourselves in Ba Huang City now!”
Matcha blushed but did not struggle and whispered “Boss, everyone is watching…..”
I came back to my senses and hurriedly put her back down and said embarrassingly “Whoops, got excited for a bit and forgot…..”
Little Wolf laughed “No problem. Matcha already likes the boss, she wouldn’t mind at all…..”
Old K grinned “What would happen if I hugged Matcha for a bit?”
Fox shook his head “Die miserably…. Last night I went to the bathroom to take a piss, turned on the lights and saw Matcha in her towels after showering. Ugh…. She grabbed whatever she could and started throwing it at me. It was a fruit knife, good thing it didn’t hit me….”
My face twitched as I looked at Matcha: “Is this true?”
“Ah. It was reflexes…” Matcha smiled “But I didn’t intend to do it….”
“……”
……
At this time, a Wind Elf Archer flew here quickly and whispered “Guild Leader, there’s movement from [Hero’s Mound]’s First Division. A bunch of their players started rushing towards us assuming attack formation!”
“Ughhhh”
Li Mu squinting his eyes said “ These kids dare to initiate the attack?”
[]  []  []

