
Chapter 642 Hand of Hell
“Careful, people are coming from above!” Wang Jian suddenly looked up. We could see a group of figures through the smoke that were climbing down from the seventh floor to the eighth. As before, our activity had not gone unnoticed by other *ssholes.
“Who is it?” 
I blocked the BOSS’ attacks and shouted, “Figure out which guild they’re from!” 
Wang Jian grit his teeth, “It’s Jiu Li City’s [Emperor’s Blood]. The guildmaster Dragon Emperor is leading a team of around a hundred players.” 
“No matter. We’ll just rush to finish before they get here. Once we kill this BOSS, then we’ll have no problem!” 
“Yup!” 
　　……
I swung my two swords, cutting right into Cang Gu’s body and sliced up his body inch by inch. Under the concentrated fire from all of the players of [Zhan Long], Cang Gu’s health quickly fell. In the blink of an eye, it hit the bottom. Wan Er raised her dagger and said, “They’ve already reached the ninth floor. We can’t let up at all. Everyone, kill the BOSS. Li Xiao Yao, use your big skills!” 
I nodded and retreated several steps. Then, with a roar, I opened my palm, and began summoning lightning. In the next moment, dark clouds blotted out the ceiling. One after another, slivers of lightning dragons shot down from the sky and began to attack the area around the BOSS. high damage numbers flew up. Even though everyone was throwing attacks, my [Thundering Heavens] still dealt more damage. The burning electricity swallowed up Cang Gu’s body. In that moment, we finally finished off this strong BOSS’ health! 
“Argahh….” 
With an agonizing scream, Cang Gu knelt to the ground and I leveled up to 118. “Peng!” Cang Gu’s body split open and the ancient battle axe shard as well as a pile of equipment all dropped. He he, since I was the one that killed the BOSS, the drop rate was extremely good. There was a total of four equipments. Li Mu glanced around and hinted, “Guildmaster, besides you, no one dares to touch these equipments. Hurry up, don’t let [Emperor’s Blood] assassins steal our spoils!” 
I nodded and leapt off my horse. I then gathered all of Chi You General Cang Gu’s equipments. I threw the Pangu Battle Axe straight into my bag. I received a notification indicating it was a quest item. The 100 people in the team would all receive the rewards for the quest that comes with the battle axe. Basically, anyone who laid eyes on it would benefit from it. Knowing that was a very satisfying feeling as lot of the other people wouldn’t get the equipments from the quest. Then that would have meant that they would’ve come for nothing. 
I glanced at the equipments that Cang Gu dropped. Besides the battle axe, there was a total of three equipments. One of them was an impressive armor with a tiger head imprinted on the front. There was also a pair of steel smelted battle boots. Then there was a necklace that had a flaming long sword pendant. It glowed with a war-like glow. Looks like these three equipments were pretty good. I first held out the armor. When I waved my hand over it, the stats appeared——
[Chi You General’s Armor] (Divine Tier)
Type: Heavy Armor
Defense: 1880
Strength: +135
Stamina: +132
Agility: +130 
Magic: +127
Additional: Increases the user’s defense and magic defense by 55% 
Additional: Increases the user’s attack power by 25% 
Additional: Increases the user’s MaxHP by 5000
Special: [Combat of Chi You] , activates the power of the Chi You Tribe and deals an armor breaking damage and ignores the targets defense. Furthermore, it increases the user’s attack power by 40%. Uses up 70 points of Rage and requires 20 minutes of cool down. 
Introduction: The armor of Chi You General Cang Gu, this is an armor that was smithed by an ancient godly blacksmith. Legend has it that people who wear this breast armor are impenetrable to blades. 
Required Level: 115
Required Charm: 150
　　……
Yup, this is a strong piece of armor. It’s also a Divine Tier equipment, one of the top tier equipments at the current stage. Even my Hidden Dragon Armor is just a Divine Tier. However, due to the[Thousand Layer Cliff] that my Hidden Dragon Armor had, it was considered a defense type equipment, while the Chi You General Chest Plate was truly an attack based equipment. Besides the 25% increase, there was also the [Combat of Chi You] special skill. 
I raised the Chi You General’s Chestplate and said, “Ok, all heavy armor players ROLL. I wish you all luck. I won’t join in, since I like my Hidden Dragon Armor’s stats more!” 
Li Mu, Old K, Wang Jian, Yao Yan, and Matcha, the top heavy players of [Zhan Long] all rolled. It was a good thing if any one of them got the armor and so I wasn’t upset about it at all. Everyone rolled and after half a minute, Wang Jian received the armor. Unfortunately, his level was too low. He was going to switch it on when he was done with the quest.
Continuing onto the second piece of equipment, I raised the battle boots. I waved my hand over it and revealed the stats. As expected, this was another Chi You General equipment——
[Chi You General Combat Boots] (Divine Tier Equipment) 
Type: Heavy Armor
Defense: 1700 
Strength: +132
Stamina +130
Agility: +130
Magic: +125
Additional: Increases the user’s defense and magic defense by 27% 
Additional: Increases the user’s movement speed by 50% 
Additional: Increases the user’s attack power by 20% 
Special: [Void Walker], Increases the user’s movement speed by 90% and attack speed by 40%, furthermore, increases the time the user can stay in the air by 100%
Introduction: The battle boots of the Chi You General Cang Gu. This is a pair of battle boots that was created by ancient godly blacksmiths. It has limitless godly power. Legend has it that anyone who wears these battle boots will have unlimited capacity for maneuver techniques
Required Level: 115
Required Charm
　　……
I raised the Chi You Combat boots and smiled, “Another treasure. Well, you guys continue to ROLL for it. I have the Yuan Rong Combat Boots so I don’t need them….” 
Wolf couldn’t help but add, “Brother Xiao Yao! How can you not want any of the rewards? How good can your Yuan Rong Boots be that makes it better than these Chi You General Battle Boots? You can’t just let go of everything, you’re our boss. We can’t let you become a nub….” 
I waved my hand over the boots, showing them the stats. The attack power increase of 1000 points, and the 22% increase in attack stats were enough to make Wolf speechless. The brat rubbed his nose and smiled, “Alright alright, I was wrong. Brother Xiao Yao is impressive, secretly getting all of these top notch equipment. Motherf*cker, I didn’t know at all…” 
I laughed, “Don’t worry. When I want equipment, I will fight for it. Otherwise, the beating I’ve gotten over the past nine floors of the Pangu Abyss will have been for nothing…” 
Wolf nodded, “Yup, then Wang Jian, you and the other Heavy Armor players roll. It really isn’t fair, to think that the last boss would give out all heavy armor equipments…” 
Wang Jian, Matcha, Yao Yan, Moon Feather, and Tang Xin all began to ROLL. This time, Yao Yan had the most luck and got the boots. She was so happy that she was jumping up and down. She grinned to Wan Er, “Look Wan Er, I just entered [Zhan Long] and managed to get these boots! He he, these are even better than Q-Sword’s, Jian Feng Han’s and the other top heavy armor players’ boots!” 
Wan Er smiled back, “Well that doesn’t mean you’re stronger than them. Keep up the good work though…” 
“Yup!” 
　　……
I then raised the last necklace, the last drop we got from this place. I raised my hand and waved it over the pendant. Lines of stats floated out and illuminated the night sky. At that moment, everyone was stunned. Morhterf*cker, we actually got a Demon Harvest equipment. The last three Demon Harvest BOSSes were not killed in vain——
[Hell’s God of War Ares’ Broken Blade] (Demon Harvest)
Strength: +157
Stamina: +155
Agility: +152
Magic: +150
Additional: Increases the user’s attack power by 50% and user’s magic defense by 70%
Additional: Increases the user’s MaxHP by 7000
Additional: Increases the attack power of attack type skills by 15% 
Special: [Thunderbolt] Increases the user’s attack speed by 100%
Special: Demon Equipment Number 1002
Special: [Hand of Hell], summons a demonic arm that deals a 100% chance of Binding. Lasts 15 seconds. Only deals 66% of the effect on BOSSes. Uses 50 points of rage, Cooldown lasts 20 minutes
Required Level: 115
Required Charm: 220
Required Class: Heavy Armor Classes
　　……
Seeing the necklace’s stats, I couldn’t help but feel moved by it. Especially that special skill [Thunderbolt]. It increases attack speed by 100%. That’s practically a god tier stat for all Pulse Break Players. After all, you need a high attack speed in order to break the opponent’s skill before they attack. Yup, I’m going to ROLL for this necklace. And so, I raised the necklace and said, “This is what I need. Here, heavy armor players all line up to ROLL….” 
Beside me, Wan Er suddenly piped up, “Don’t. The equipment requires 220 points of charm. I think…. Any players that have less than 200 charm shouldn’t ROLL for this, since they don’t fulfill the requirements. All they’ll end up doing is selling it for money. Rather than handing it to the players with a lot of money, why don’t we just make our own people stronger. Besides, its written in the rules for [Zhan Long] grinding, any equipment that requires charm, then the players who ROLL for it must have at least 90% of the charm. Otherwise, the team leader can take away the ROLL ….” 
Dong Cheng counted it out and said, “So, any heavy armor level 110 players with over 198 points of charm, step forward for this amazing necklace. Don’t miss this chance….” 
Li Mu and Wang Jian both raised their hands. Li Mu smiled, “Well well, it must be fate that we three are the last left….” 
Wang Jian rubbed his nose and smiled, “Don’t, you guys just roll. I’ve already gotten two Divine Tier Equipments in this quest. However, every time we fight the BOSS, I don’t even get into the Top 5 in terms of contribution. I don’t even have the face to fight for more. Boss, you and Brother Xiao Yao roll!” 
I looked over at Li Mu and smiled, “Then I’m winning for sure! Li Mu has crap luck with ROLLs! 
Li Mu cursed, “F*ck you, come on let’s do this!” 
“Shua Shua!” The two dice rolled on the ground and finally fell on their numbers. Two big numbers popped up——
　　“94！”
　　“1！”
　　……
Tears nearly welled up in Li Mu’s eyes, “F*ck you, I’m going to go kill myself. How could I lose so badly…” 
I was laughing so hard that tears rolled down my cheek. I then put on the [Broken Blade of Hell’s God] necklace. This really was fate. What should be mine, will end up mine. I had a warm feeling on my neck radiating from the necklace. The stats were incredible. On top of that, the special skills were amazing too. During the battle of the Hero’s Wings Cup, these special skills will be extremely useful. Thinking about it now, I was taking the Pulse Break Style at the moment, but I had a total of six special skills on me. Later on, if there were any materials published on the Drunken Sword Style, then maybe, I’ll be the first player to combine the Drunken Sword and Pulse Break Style? 
I glanced at my stats and felt a sense of accomplishment——
[Xiao Yao Zi Zai] (Dragon Rider) 
Level: 118
Attack: 10010-12528
Defense: 10168
Health: 51617
Magic: 12970
Charm: 406
CBN Battlenet Rankings: 12
　　……
“Hey….” 
Wan Er softly bumped against my shoulder and smiled, “Pig, stop being so full of yourself. The players from [Emperor’s Blood] are here. Who knows what they want to say…” 
