
Chapter 636 Reincarnation Slash
After close to three hours of fighting, finally, we cleaned out almost all of the seventh floor monsters. There weren’t even a handful of the Holy Flame Warriors left. At the end of the floor was complete darkness, just like before. But everyone knew that there was always a BOSS waiting at the other side. This floor was no different.
Li Mu raised his Tian Chen Sword and slowly walked to the front. As he stood at the edge of the cliff he muttered, “It seems we can’t see where the BOSS is. What’s going on?” 
Dancing Forest raised her arm and shouted, “Li Mu, look up….” 
Li Mu looked up and was so shocked and terrified that he immediately retreated——
There appeared to be a dark figure standing in the air. He carried an enormous broadsword on his back. His long hair was mussed up and fluttered in the wind. He was dressed in a suit of shining armor. He raised his arm and pulled out the broadsword. We could see a bloodthirsty smile appear under the shadows, “Finally, after so many years, I finally get a taste of live humans again. It truly is hard, for a man to actually reach the seventh floor of Pangu’s Abyss. And there’s so many of you. He he….”
“Hua!” A pair of black wings sprung from his back. The figure flew into the air. At the same time, a row of characters appeared above his head and I quickly read out his stats to our hundred man team——
[Fallen Wings - Mu Lun] (Demon Harvest Tier BOSS)
Level: 121
Attack: 11200-12400
Defense: 10500
Health: 200,000,000
Skills: [Wings of War] [Reincarnation Slash] [Thousand Sword Spin] [Eternal Fear]
Introduction: Mu Lun, a famous hero from the ancient times. His power and strength had been corrupted by the Dark side. This guardian of justice finally fell to the dark side and became one of the Kings of Demon Beasts. Mu Lun recruited an army of Holy Flame Warriors in order to find a piece of Pangu’s cracked battle axe. When he entered Pangu Abyss, he was sealed by a mysterious power and become one of the head guardians of the map. After being trapped for so many years, he’s been nurturing his frustration and hatred. Now, the only desire he has, is to kill. 
　　……
“F*ck….” 
I retreated several steps and leapt onto my horse yelling, “It’s a Demon Harvest BOSS. Be careful! This tier of BOSSes is so much stronger than those Hybrid Demon Kings!” 
Wan Er raised her dagger and said, “Pig will be the tank. Everyone else, move with caution. This BOSS’ skills look to be very strong and deadly…”
Qing Qian asked, “Brother Xiao Yao, how much defense does your Hidden Dragon Armor add?” 
I glanced at my stats, “37%. I don’t know if it’s enough for this Demon Harvest Tier BOSS to throw hits at me….” 
“Hard to say. Why don’t we try it out first?” 
“Ok!” 
　　……
My blade flashed and I threw out my Dragon Reservoir Sword, activating [Blade Spin]. “Ka ka ka” it pierced through Mu Lun three times in the chest. Blood spurted out. Ok, at least my attack power was enough to break his defense. At the same time, I opened my hand and locked [Great Realm of Desolation] onto the BOSS, dealing another heavy attack. One after another, the damage numbers flew up——
　　“7434！”
　　“7122！”
　　“7421！”
　　“10928！”
The BOSS had an incredible defense, but my attack power was enough to break through. I only needed four attacks and in that moment I was able to lure 90% of Mu Lun’s aggro towards myself. This Fallen General raised his blade and roared. He glared at me with blood thirsty eyes, “He he, brat, are you from Ba Huang City? Perfect, I love to kill strong humans. When I kill you, I’ll crunch on your bones. My my, I truly look forward to it!” 
“Hong!” 
Mu Lun’s blade began to glow blood red. Spirits began to emerge from the surroundings and gather around the blade. This was his skill——Reincarnation Slash. As the name implies, the skill will send you straight back into the reincarnation cycle. I suddenly relaxed both my shoulders. I wasn’t able to absorb all of the force from the BOSS’ attack. The broadsword landed heavily on my shoulder. My Flying Scythe War Horse’s knees buckled and was nearly forced to fall from the BOSS attack. 
　　“17822！”
I did not make any retreat and began gathering frost energy on my Dragon Reservoir Sword. [Fierce Ice Blade] pierced through the BOSS. Right after that, I dealt another Level 11 [Combo]. Gold light exploded, stunning all of the players behind me. At that current stage in the game, very few players had managed to level their skills to Level 11. The experience requirements were just too high. However, even if players have Level l1 Skills, it didn’t necessarily mean they could take a BOSS like this head on. 
Mu Lun let out a savage laugh. The wings on his shoulders turned red and his attack power increased a level. He swung his blade and dealt two slashes onto my Hidden Dragon Armor. Pain rushed into my chest——
　　“13121！”
　　“14228！”
Luckily, Darling Duck and Thousand League were both there to heal me so I could keep my health above 20% the entire time. With that little health, however, the BOSS could still kill me in one stroke. After all, he had such a high damage rate. [Wall of Dou Qi] and [Frost Armor]quickly shattered. That was the worst factor in this situation. 
“Keng….” 
Golden light scattered and fell. My [Wall of Dou Qi] had finally broken. Right after, my [Frost Armor] also disappeared. All of my main defenses had entered into Cool Down. It was getting dangerous! 
Dong Cheng immediately put away her staff and yelled, “Ranged players, do not attack. Be ready to take more aggro!” 
Mu Lun cackled and swept out his blade. He threw another [Reincarnation Slash]! 
“Pu Chi!” 
　　“28122！”
That nearly killed me. In that moment, I lost over half of my health. My Flying Scythe War Horse whinnied and knelt to the ground and everything went dark. The attack crushed my Ancient Heavenly Tiger. Mortherf*cker, all I can do is watch everyone else fight while I was in my spirit form……
Yao Yan dashed forward and said, “Hurry, revive guildmaster!” 
Qing Qian grit her teeth and shook her head, “No, nobody revive Brother Xiao Yao. If you do that, our entire team will be destroyed!” 
　　……
Mu Lun sprinted forward and laid out destruction. Matcha and One Second Hero were instantly killed in three strikes. Wan Er was knocked away by a slash that hit her Iron Umbrella. There wasn’t a single person in [Zhan Long] that could hold off this Demon Harvest Tier BOSS. The reality was that Demon Harvest Tier BOSSes were much stronger than we could ever imagine. Especially when they had a high level. 
“Healers, retreat. Retreat 200 meters! Matcha shouted in her spirit state. “Vice guildmaster Cang Tong, sacrifice a level and take the hit for them. Let them retreat. Otherwise, a hundred of us will die….” 
Wan Er gulped down a potion and charged forward. She activated [Hermit God’s Arrival] and kicked off the ground. Then, with a [Gouge] she stunned the BOSS. At the same time, she was thrown back by Mu Lun’s sword. A group of [Zhan Long] players had already retreated. Wan Er spun in the air. Then with a wave of her hand, the [Aria] effect activated, creating a 100% chance of a stun. However, BOSSes had a stat that reduced the effects, and so instead of being stunned for seven seconds, it was only stunned for 3.9, that was still enough to get the players out. 
“Wan Er, hurry up and leave! Don’t force it! I shouted to her. 
Wan Er nodded and sprinted away. In a flash, she disappeared into the air. In the end, all that was left were 31 bodies scattered on the ground. Li Mu and Wang Jian had both died as well, their dropped equipments lay on the ground. Mu Lun then left his battle state and his health returned to full. He lifted his sword and leapt into the air to take his place and await for us to pick a fight again. 
　　……
The healers slowly revived us all. In the next moment, “Shua!” I returned to the stone path again. I furrowed my brows and said, “My 10,000 defense actually couldn’t hold against Mu Lun’s attacks….” 
Qing Qian smiled, “Brother Xiao Yao, how about we use some more extreme methods. Let’s increase your Hidden Dragon Armor’s stat to 200%. Maybe then we’ll have a chance!”
I nodded, “Ok!” 
After that, I left the team and took off all of the equipments I had except for the Hidden Dragon Armor. That way, there was a limit to my health and defense. Then, I turned around to Wolf and Qwi Liang, “You two have about the right amount of attack. Make sure you control yourselves though. Just bring my health down to 50%. Darling Duck, Thousand Spring, don’t be stingy with your mana potions.” 
Everyone nodded. When I only had 20,000 health, they raised their daggers and began activating attacks against me. The healers on the other hand continuously cast their spells on me. My Hidden Dragon Armor kept ringing! 
“Di!” 
Battle Notification: You’ve taken the required damage. The Hidden Dragon Armor effect [Thousand Layer Cliff] has activated. Your defense has increased by 77%! 
“Di!” 
Battle Notification: You’ve taken the required damage. The Hidden Dragon Armor effect [Thousand Layer Cliff] has activated. Your defense has increased by 78%! 
“Di!” 
Battle Notification: You’ve taken the required damage. The Hidden Dragon Armor effect [Thousand Layer Cliff] has activated. Your defense has increased by 79%! 
　　……
In less than 10 minutes, I finally hit 200%. The two assassins had accidentally let out several critical attacks, nearly killing me. My heart was pounding throughout the process. I had already hit Level 117, and when I got killed by Mu Lun, I had already lost a level. If I lost another, then I would just be set back too far! 
　　“OK！”
I put all of my equipment back on. Afterwards, I managed to pry some previous Equipment Repair potion from Li Mu, returning my Hidden Dragon Armor to 100% sturdiness. Afterwards, I summoned my mount and my Ancient Heavenly Tiger and prepared for battle. With a smile, I addressed everyone, “Let’s not count that time we nearly all died and try again. Ranged players and Healers, let’s work a little harder!” 
Everyone nodded, “Don’t worry, we understand. Guildmaster won’t be the one to die again….”
“Alright….” 
　　……
I turned my horse around and charged at Mu Lun again. I threw a [Great Realm of Desolation] and a [Blade Spin] at the BOSS while he was still mid air. The second attack snatched a lot of Mu Lun’s aggro towards me. He roared and charged over, “D*mm*t, it’s you again. This time I will rip you up into a thousand pieces!” 
He threw a [Reincarnation Slash]+Normal attack at me. I had already recast [Wall of Dou Qi] and [Frost Armor] and my Hidden Dragon Armor started to glow with a turquoise light. The light was much brighter than it had been before. It was probably related to the 200% increase in defense. I slightly shuddered. This time, the BOSS’ attacks weren’t too critical. Adding 163% more defense really made a different——
　　“12127！”
　　“8731！”
　　“8548！”
　　……
The Healers behind me continuously cast [Grip of Compassion]. I also activated a [Cleansing Rain] to help myself. When I stabilized my position, I was already well prepared to fight it out with the BOSS. However, with the Ancient Heavenly Tiger’s assistance, it sometimes took the Aggro. Once the BOSS turned its focus at the little tiger, I immediately commanded it to retreat while I threw another attack. The long ranged players of [Zhan Long] threw all of their attacks, whether it was area attacks or stuns or DPS skills. If this continued, then the rhythm of the battle was completely in favor for the players. 
