
Chapter 633 Successful Skill Break
One after another, there were unending amounts of people who fell from above. Wan Er and I relied on our accurate judgement and sent the members from [Zhan Long] safely to the stone path. After almost 10 minutes, all 100 people were safely standing on the first level stone floor of Pangu’s Abyss.
We began to battle. The opponent was a group of Level 115 Ancient Minotaur. For the top level players like Wan Er and me, this wasn’t much. But for players like Fox and Moon Feather, they were slightly pressured. Fortunately, we had a sufficient amount of Healers. Within our 100 people, we had 20 Healers. This was good enough.
“Hong…”
The battle-axe’s of the Minotaurs suddenly emanated raging flames. This was its main skill--[Blaze Assault]. They used the sharp point of their battle-axes to suddenly rush in and attack the opponent. This was also the Titan Tier monster’s move that did the most damage. With a “Keng”, a spark appeared on my chest armor, and simultaneously, I lost 3700+ health. After all, this was a Titan Tier monster. This move was already similar to a Hybrid Demon Level 1 Demon Hunter’s [Rifle Ambush]
“Keng keng keng…”
On the stone path, Li Mu, Wang Jian, Old K, and the other tank players were all attacked. Even Old K lost 14000+ health after taking the hit. His face turned green from fear, “Is this motherfxxker still a normal monster? Even the attacks of Hybrid Demons aren’t much higher than this…”
Wang Jian horizontally raised his blade, preparing to parry. However, that wasn’t enough to block the [Blaze Assault] of the Minotaurs. He couldn’t help but exclaim, “I’m gonna faint, I can’t even block it. The levels and strength of these monsters seems to be able to crush us…”
Wan Er laughed: “No matter, at least you won’t be instantly killed. Hurry inside, the Pangu’s Abyss has a total of 9 floors. I don’t want to waste all three days before the Hero’s Wings in here.”
“Yup yup…”
Everyone spared no effort to kill monsters. I made a conscious effort to focus on the details of the fight, especially on the [Blaze Assault] skill. The starting motions of the skill were very obvious, it was the moment when raging flames appeared on the battle-ax. The charging up period was roughly 0.5 seconds, and after that, it was the fierce attack. Basically, the current tier of players were unable to block this kind of attack, and their defense was also not enough. 
“Hong…”
The raging flames once again appeared on the battle-ax of the Minotaur in front of me. My heart began to race and I began shifting my weight. I struck the handle of the battle-ax, with the hilt of my Zhen Yue Sword at the right time. After the Minotaur charged its skill up for 0.3 seconds, I smashed my Dragon Reservoir Sword into the middle of the axe. I could only hear a “Keng” sound, as the [Blaze Assault] still ferociously hit my shoulder, dealing another 3000+ damage to me.
My heart fell. Was this skill impossible to break? It shouldn’t be...
Motherf*cker, let’s keep trying!
I tried it over and over again. Finally, I heard the sound of the Dragon Reservoir Sword collide against something, and the Minotaur’s [Blaze Assault] was directly blown apart. The raging flames from the skill flew out, but didn’t cause any damage. I took advantage of this, and used cut down this Minotaur while it only had half health left.
“Roar roar…”
Another two Minotaurs roaredt. They brandished their battle-axes and charged over. One was in front, and the other was behind. They activated [Blaze Assault] at the same time and their aggro was also locked on to me. Darling Duck couldn’t help but shout, “Be careful, guild leader!”
Without a word, I stepped onto the scorching rock and dashed forward. I quickly whirled around, and my Zhen Yue Sword and Dragon Reservoir Sword swiftly dealt two consecutive blows on the battle-ax of the monster. Immediately, a blue light swept past. This was the effect of a successful intercept. I felt a rush in my heart. Yup, it seems like I’ve already found the most accurate angle and opportunity against this [Blaze Assault]!
[Wind Blade] exploded,  forcing the first Minotaur to retreat. Suddenly, I sped up and switched directions. With a “Swoosh”, I evaded the second Minotaur. At the same time, I quickly and violently attacked with my twin swords. With two “Keng keng”’s, the blue light surged forth again. It was extremely dazzling, as I once again succeeded in interrupting its skill. Furthermore, big words appeared within the blue light: “Successful Skill Break”.
“Huh?!”
This time, Li Mu, Wang Jian, Old K, One Second Hero, Wolf, and the other people all saw it. Wolf was astounded and his jaw dropped, “My...my eyes aren’t tricking me right? Brother Xiao Yao, what skill is this? Successful Skill Break...fxck, Brother Xiao Yao broke through the Minotaur’s ferocious [Blaze Assault]?”
Wang Jian narrowed his eyes: “Successful Skill Break...is that the Pulse Break Style? In [Conquer], the words that appeared when there was a successful Pulse Break was Successful Skill Break too…”
Matcha happily smiled, and her eyes were full of astonishment: “Boss...Boss’s very fast at comprehending…”
Wang Jian asked further: “Brother Xiao Yao, is that really the Pulse Break Style?”
I nodded my head, “It should be. Matcha gave me a few forum posts and tutorials that were related to the Pulse Break Style. I focused on a few. I never thought that there would really be a skill like this in the game. It’s too profound. You can break the opponent’s skill. As long as you can follow your opponent’s attack speed, then your opponent will have no methods to counter it…”
Wan Er lightly laughed: “Yes, a real grandmaster of the Pulse Break Style won’t let the opponent release any skills at all. After that, he’ll completely block and resist all of the opponent’s normal attacks. According to legend, during Little Demon’s pinnacle, she could completely defeat an expert while still having full health!”
Me: “....”
One Second Hero rubbed his hands, and laughed, “Guild leader, can you share those tutorials with these brothers of yours?”
I looked towards Matcha: “Can I?”
A slightly awkward look appeared on Matcha’s face, but she laughed it off, and replied: “That’s fine. However, you can’t share everything with everyone. Just share one copy with the core members of the guild...Of course, I’ll say this first. Even if you have the tutorials, over 99% of people won’t be able to understand the essence of the style. The Pulse Break Style isn’t suitable for everyone. If you can’t master it, it may even affect your initial combat skill. The gains won’t make up for the losses…”
Wolf laughed, “No problem, we’re just trying it out…”
“Alright.”
　　……
We continued killing monsters. I kept practicing, and finally, the success rate of my Skill Break on [Blaze Assault] exceeded 80%. Naturally, the most important factor of my success was because I had thoroughly studied this skill. Against other monsters, my Pulse Break Style was immediately useless. Of course, the Pulse Break skill was still very useful during PK. After all, basically everyone used the same common skills, and everyone knew the cooldown and targeting period of these skills. Once I’ve thoroughly researched the characteristics of every class’s skills, it wouldn’t be a mere dream for me to break every skill.
After continuous research, I began to finally submerge myself into the experience of the game. It was just as Matcha had said, I was a person that was infatuated with skills and techniques. I would definitely love the Pulse Break Style
　　……
Time passed very fast, and within 2 hours, we had basically cleared all of the monsters in the first floor of the Pangu Abyss. Besides the large amounts of combat experience that we got, the drop of these Titan Tier monsters weren’t too bad either. There were quite a few Emperor Weapons, Purple Weapons, and other equipments as well.
I received a message from A Dream of a Thousand Cities who was outside the map. The surroundings were very safe. [Vanguard], [Prague], [Flying Dragon], and the other guilds were all busy with their own business. Tian Ling City was also very tranquil. There were only 3 more days left until the Hero’s Wings competition, and right now, no one was willing to waste time to PK. Levelling up once would increase the chances of victory by a bit. For this rare honour, everyone was working hard in separate corners of the world map. And this time, the 100 people that we brought were all core members of the guild, which meant that there was less danger of secrets leaking. As long as no one knew that the Pangu Abyss was hiding a fragment of Pangu’s Axe, there would not be anyone who would come over to share a cup of soup with us.
We advanced even further, and we had already killed our way to the end of the first floor’s map. A steep cliff appeared in front of us. When we looked downwards, it was the distant map of the second floor. At the end of the steep cliff, there was a stone sculpture standing there. It was at least 5 meters tall, and it was a Minotaur leader that was holding an enormous axe in its hands. It had a golden nose ring, and a faint bloody colour appeared below its feet. When Wolf, Old K and the others were about to approach, the rock began to peel away.
“Sha sha sha…”
As the rock fell to the ground, the armor worn by the Minotaur slowly started to appear. Furthermore, a few words slowly appeared above its head. After it let out a low growl, it shook off the Sealing Stones all over its body. A huge and fierce face looked at us, and it suddenly opened its mouth to let out an angry roar. After that, it brandished its battle-ax and charged at us.
I raised my sword to meet it, and at the same time, I shared the stats of the BOSS in the group chat of the hundred man team--
[Minotaur Chief・Li You] (Divine Tier BOSS)
Level: 115
Attack: 8900-11200
Defense: 9000
Health: 80000000
Skills: [Strength of a Beast] [Flame Axe] [Flame Tornado] [Rage of the Minotaur]
Introduction: Li You, the leader of the ancient Minotaur tribe. It possesses a natural strength. Even the enormous God Xingtian has praised it for its bravery and strength. After Pangu created the ten thousand things in the heavens and earth, Li You brought the Minotaur tribe into the Barbarian Tribes, and was finally stranded in Pangu’s Abyss. After being enticed by the fragment of Pangu’s Axe, it became avaricious and savage, pledging its life to protect Pangu’s Abyss.
　　……
“Forward!”
After giving the command, I withstood the battle-ax of the Minotaur Chief Li You. I could see the motion of the battle axe. It banged against my twin swords which had been crisscrossed. Sparks appeared, and the Flying Scythe War Horse below me let out a wail before retreating several steps. Sure enough, the attack stat of this boss was absolutely not something we players could withstand.
“Roar roar…”
Li You angrily roared, and a blood red light appeared on his body. It was [Strength of a Beast], which raised its attack power by 25%. Furthermore, it raised its battle-ax and used an AoE attack towards a crowd of people in the distance--[Flame Tornado]. Immediately, a group of Archers were hit. Dancing Forest and Lian Po managed to quickly evade it and weren’t killed, but four others were instantly killed.
Dancing Forest raised her longbow, and shouted: “Quickly use [Scattered Shot] to stun it, and use [Rising Dragon Shot] to damage it! The defense of this BOSS is too high, I’m afraid that other skills won’t hurt it at all!”
A group of Archers changed their attacks to [Rising Dragon Shot] to attack it. The effect of it was truly not bad.
“Roar…”
Li You continued wreaking havoc. My few attacks couldn’t aggro it, and [Binding Chains] also MISSed. Li You brandished its battle-ax and suddenly swept outwards, causing a [Zhan Long] Swordsman to get sent flying, directly landing in the Abyss’s fire sea. He turned into a ray of white light, and his corpse appeared on the stone path. He could still be revived, which was gratifying.
As long as we could revive, then there would be no problem. This meant that we could definitely clear this Pangu’s Abyss. That fragment of Pangu’s Axe would definitely belong to our [Zhan Long]!
