
[]  []  []
Chapter 43 – Cloudy Moon Staff
This chapter was sponsored by William Wang, Derek Dinh and Calvin Lieu!
”What is this?!”
Miss Lin Wan Er stood with a blank face blinking several times in shock as she reread the information again and again. Finally, she snapped out of her trance and looked at me like I was a monster, “5 stars in attack, 4 stars in defense and 4.5 stars in agility with a 97 degree of excellence… This monster is a beast… so that’s why you’re so successful in Ba Huang City even though you’re a groupless healer.”
My face grew pale, ”You got it all wrong! I’m quite talented as well you know? Also, I have some good friends here, Qing Qian and Wei Liang, they have been helping out a lot!”
Lin Wan Er glanced at me, “I think they’ve been charmed by you, right?”
I said quite sorely, “Don’t you dare to say anything thing, I’ll…”
The beautiful missy looked charmingly at me, “You’ll what? You want to fight me? Come on~ Let’s fight~.”
I looked down and endured it, “Never mind…”
Dong Cheng Yue said smilingly, “This Bee Overlord is pretty good. My and Wan Er’s pets are Killer Bees with 87 and 79 excellence. These are considered quite high-class but compared with yours we would be embarrassed to show them off…”
“…”
……
We continued killing thieves, taking less than 10 minutes before the last page of the diary dropped. As I quite joyfully picked up the last page I said, “Okay, now the task is complete, would you follow me down to turn it in, or…?”
Lin Wan Er asked, “Are there any follow up quests?”
”There probably are, but first add me as a friend, okay Miss?”
”…..” Lin Wan Er bit her lip quite flirty, with a teasing look in her eyes: “But I do not add male friends, unless they are extremely handsome.”
I felt a tiny flame of fury in my heart as I clenched my fist, “Will you add me or not?”
Lin Wan Er beautiful eyes continue teasing me, “How scary~What is a healer with no weapon going to do to me~”
“…..”
As she seaw I remain silent, she smiled and says: “Oh well, I’ll make an exception even though you are not handsome.”
Dong Cheng Yue was speechless, “How is Xiao Yao not handsome? I think he’s the best looking guy at the university..“
Wan Er replied, “Cheng Yue, did Xiao Yao bribe you to say that?”
Dong Cheng Yue, ”No…?”
……
I put together the 7 pages to complete the logbook and said good bye to Qing Qian and Wei Liang who were still camping the corpses. Afterwards, I lead Wan Er and Cheng Yue over the hills towards General Pei. Cheng Yue was flying and acting as a scout since the surrounding area had quite high-leveled monsters, but it was not monsters that we feared, it was the players. Cheng Yue and Wan Er had bronze weapons, so of course they would be the target of other people.
We entered the camp and immediately walked towards the General’s large tent. I went with the two girls at my side, and pulled out the journal from my inventory and said: “General I’m here to deliver the journal, as you requested.”
General Pei showed a surprised expression, but quickly changed it to a smile, “Young healer, you haven’t disappointed me. You have proved your courage and strength, so come forth to receive your reward. “
“Ding!”
System Notification: You completed the first stage of the AA level quest [The letter]. Your reward is 6500 experience, 2 points in charm, 20 gold coins and [Cloudy Moon Staff].
……
Whoosh!
Golden rays swirled around me as I rose to level 27, but the two young girls paid no attention to me and looked astonished as they said, “Cloudy Moon Staff?”
There was no chance for me to say anything about this matter, so I opened up my bag, and took out the bright, silver staff. I waved my hand, and all the stats appeared in front of me——
【Cloudy Moon Staff】（Silver Tier）
Magic Damage: 105-170
Magic Power: +20
Strength: +17
Additional: Increase spell damage by 1.2%
Level requirement：30
……
I took the Cloudy Moon Staff, and handed it to Wan Er, saying, “I don’t like to owe people favors. Since you didn’t kill both Qing Qian and Wei Liang again and even offered the helmet, please take this as a compensation.”
Lin Wan Er eyes glowed excitedly as she held the Cloudy Moon Staff, “Silver-ranked weapon… It’s probably only inferior to the Jade City’s Sword because it’s the first silver-ranked weapon in the server.”
Naturally, after accepting the staff, Lin Wan Er offered it to Cheng Yue, “Cheng Yue, now you can finally deal more than 500 damage!”
Cheng Yue was super excited and overjoyed having gotten this new weapon. Then she looked at me and said, “Xiao Yao, why didn’t you directly offer this staff to me?”
I smiled, “I feared that you would misunderstand it as love at first sight. And also, this staff is a silver-ranked weapon, I can’t give it out for free, so if I give it to you, it’ll cost at least 500 gold coins….”
Dong Cheng Yue booed at me, “Disgusting..”
Lin Wan Er covered her mouth, trying not to laugh.
……
I continued the dialogue with General Pei, “Sir, what do you want me to do next?”
“Please wait a moment…”
General Pei stamped the letters before submitting it back to me and said, “Now this letter carries the stamp of the Imperial army. With this letter, the border patrols will let you go to the Frozen Wastelands. If you have some luck, you might be able to find Luo Lin and at that time, hand him this letter. Hopefully he will write a reply to the Duke, which you must deliver as well before the duke will reward you!”
I nodded and said, “Thank you sir.”
I put the letter into my backpack as we left the tent. After exiting, I immediately opened the quest log to look for the position of Luo Lin. Unfortunately there was no specific location, the only information available was that he was somewhere in the Frozen Wastelands.
……
The further north we moved the colder it got. The cold wind washed over the forests. At some point Dong Cheng Yue dropped down from the sky because it was too cold for her to continue flying. Her cheeks were quite pale, “It’s so cold, I can’t fly anymore.”
Lin Wan Er carried her iron umbrella on her shoulder and on her small charming waist she wore her daggers. She looked at me and said: “Xiao Yao, did you confirm that the quest location is in the north? We’ve been walking for more than an hour now and you haven’t told us anything. You wouldn’t lie to me and Dong Cheng Yue simply to have us walk with you, would you?”
I shook my head: “The mission objective is in the north, but there is no clear location. In addition this is a high leveled location, so there should definitely be someone out here. Just how many levels are between us and the monsters?
Lin Wan Er narrowed her eyes, saying, “Well look ahead, see that Polar Bear? I can’t even see its stats, so it’s at least level 39. Why don’t you kill it?”
“Alright, I’ll give it a try.” I summoned Baby Bobo and said, “Summon your pets to distract it before dealing damage. We’ll let the pets tank it, as a level 39 monster, it’ll hit hard. I’ll take care of the healing, so just focus on dealing damage.”
“Relax, its not going to destroy our group.”
“You never know!”
The three bees hummed through the air as they rushed forward using their Stinger and Combos to hit the foreheads of the polar bear. Lin Wan Er and Dong Cheng Yue’s Killer Bees only dealt an average of 100 damage per hit. It was kind of pathetic compared to Baby Bobo who dealt an average of 250 per hit. The Ice Polar Bear turned its head in annoyance.
Roar!
The Polar Bear wildly waved its paws and hit Cheng Yue’s Killer Bee
Pa!
988!
An instant kill. The Killer Bee fell to the ground.
Cheng Yue’s eyebrows shot up and she quickly started casting [Icicle] and [Rock Spikes] at the Polar Bear with the Cloudy Moon Staff. Earlier I gave her 3 level 4 Chilling Wind Pills, so she didn’t have to worry about mana loss.
Shortly afterwards, Lin Wan Er’s Killer Bee was hit by a deadly paw and fell lifeless to the ground. Lin Wan Er practically flew forward to the back of the Polar Bear and immediately used Backstab. From the high amount of damage, the Polar Bear’s attention immediately shifted from Baby Bobo to Lin Wan Er. A quick paw flew towards her.
Bang!
Lin Wan Er defended herself with the iron umbrella and only lost 270 health but got knocked back, gliding quite far back. Yet she was unyielding in front of the mighty Polar Bear. She immediately rushed forward again with her dagger ready to strike. I had to switch between healing Baby Bobo and Lin Wan Er to keep both of them alive. Dong Cheng Yue was freely casting spells whenever the cooldowns came down.
Almost a whole minute later, the Ice Polar Bear finally drew its last breath and fell to the ground, dropping a mere 3 silver coins..
All of us took a deep breath. This brutal battle had finally been concluded. I looked into the distance where the snow was dropping while frowning and said, “The quest indicator clearly shows it should be somewhere in this Frozen Wasteland, so it should appear somewhere…”
Wan Er looked at the ocean of snow and said, “You want..us to come with you into the depths of this barren land?”
I nodded, “Mm, I only have you guys. If you guys don’t come with me, then all I can do is die and revive non-stop until I get to my goal. Although I can’t really provide much help if those bears 1-shot everyone…”
Dong Cheng Yue chuckled and said, “It’s fine, we’ll just kill them all, and send you straight to your goal! Wan Er, let’s go!”
“But I really hope that these Polar Bears drop some suitable high level equipment.”
……
So we ventured forth into the depth of the Frozen Wasteland. The further we got, the higher the levels of the Ice Polar Bears became. It became more and more difficult to withstand their attacks, especially since Lin Wan Er and Dong Cheng Yue’s pets kept dying and soon they were under level 20. Baby Bobo also dropped a few levels, but he had more survivability than their Killer Bees.
Bang!
A dagger stabbed through the throat of the Polar Bear, and under the powerful strike of Wan Er, the level 40 Polar Bear fell. It dropped a piece of snow white equipment. When I picked it up, I saw it was a wrist guard.
【Polar Bear Wrist Guard】（Bronze Tier）
Armor type：Leather
Defense：100
Agility：+21
Additional：Increases instant kill chance by 0.2%.
Level requirement ：34
……
When Lin Wan Er saw its attributes she became speechless, “I only need one more level to equip this, and the stats are pretty decent as well.”
Dong Cheng Yue pointed into the distance, “I think we’re near the end of our adventure, look over there Xiao Yao…”
Following Dong Cheng Yue’s direction, I looked into the far distance. I saw a snow covered mountain range and on the peak was an old worn down castle. I would probably be able to find Luo Lin in the castle. Hopefully, I could finish my quest there!
TL: Probs 2 chaps today! Uhh, 2 hour later?
[]  []  []

