
Chapter 639 - Chi You Horsemen
[Anti-Magic Shield]'s toughness was related to the user's healing ability and the magic resistance of the player that it was used on. My equipment alone added 353% to magic resistance. Therefore, even if I was up against a Demon Harvest Tier BOSS, I could still maintain my extremely high magic defense. This, in addition to the effects of the [Anti-Magic Shield], allowed me to stand firm against this BOSS.
As we whittled away at the BOSS’ health, the Triceratops King didn’t stop trembling. Within 20 minutes, we had beaten it until it was at low health. It activated [Horn Rush] once every 5 minutes, but it wasn't able to instantly kill me. That fact was what sealed its fate.
 When the BOSS only had 2% of its health left, Wan Er raised her dagger and retreated. I knew that she was trying to give 50% of the BOSS' experience points to me, because she hoped that I could get revenge on Q-Sword when we met again during the Hero's Wings Competition!"
  ……
  "Keng keng keng..."
My Dragon Reservoir Sword and Zhen Yue Sword left a deep gash on the Triceratops King's sturdy armor, while striking away at the BOSS’ health. Soon, this overlord of the Triceratops let out a miserable howl before collapsing on to the ground. Its enormous body was like a small mountain that had collapsed, and it dropped a big bunch of equipment with a crashing sound. However, this time's drops didn't make a close combat player like me excited. All of the equipments that dropped were for magic type players--
  [Lightning Cry Staff] (Superior Divine Tier Equipment) : Magic attack 3230-4400, Increases the user's magic attack power by 48%, and the user's MaxHP by 5000 points, as well as the user's defense by 700 points. Required: Level 112
 [Robe of Darkness] (Divine Tier Equipment) : Defense 1200, Increases the user's magic attack power by 35% and the user's MaxHP by 4000 points, Required: Level 112.
 [Rock Controller's Boots] (Divine Tier Equipment) : Defense 1100, Increases the user's movement speed by 50% and magic attack by 28%. Decreases skill cooldown time by 30%, Required: Level 112
  ……
  "Lightning Cry Staff..."
 Dong Cheng was getting a bit excited. She suddenly ran over to grab my hand, shocking me. I asked, "Dong Cheng, what are trying...it's broad daylight now. The Heavens and Earth are clear and staring straight down at you..."
 Dong Cheng excitedly said, "Your ROLL luck has always been good, I want to borrow a bit of that luck. Brother Xiao Yao, please, bless me with the luck for that Lightning Cry Staff. Thanks, I just want the Lightning Cry Staff. Boo hoo...it’s stats are too strong. It has high attack power and can even make me more tanky..."
 I widened my eyes as I said: "What eyes are you using to see that I have good luck?" I've been in Pangu's Abyss until now, for almost 24 hours already, and I haven't won a ROLL since..." 
  Dong Cheng giggled: "No matter, I believe in you!"
  "Fine, I hope that that you'll succeed!"
  Finally, a total of 17 Mages ROLLed together, and the numbers flew up into the air. When Dong Cheng ROLLed, 99 points flew up into the air. Everyone in the map cheered. She had won...
  "Wa!"
  Dong Cheng was extremely excited as she hugged the Lightning Cry Staff. She was so happy that she couldn’t control her excitement. 
We continued on. The second piece of equipment, the Robe of Darkness, was ROLLed away to [Zhan Long]'s 11th ranked Mage. He was a guy whose name we didn't even remember, and was a hairy legged uncle.
  The boots were ROLLed away to Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands, making me relax. The fact that she obtained this pair of boots made me happy. Now, [Zhan Long]'s two peak Mages each had a Divine Tier Equipment. This had a large benefit during the upcoming Hero's Wings competition.
  ……
 After we split the equipments, I walked over to the precipice. I looked downwards, towards the dense fog that was almost impossible to see through, as I said, "It's the last floor. The fragment of Pangu's Axe is just down below. Alright, if Pangu's Axe is really restored, it's at least a God Tier Equipment. There’s no doubt about that. 
 As I said that, I leaped up, climbed along the wall towards the tenth floor. At the same time, I received a message with a "Di". It came from Dream of a Thousand Cities: "Guild leader, we've just noticed a batch of people that have arrived. They seem to be trying to enter Pangu's Abyss."
  "Who is it?"
  "People from Flying Dragon. Mu Tian is leading, he's a Level 104 Berserker.
  "How many people are there in total?"
  "It seems like there's around 400+ people. Their average level is Level 97.8. Guild leader, do you need me to summon a bunch of guys over to intercept them?"
  I thought for a bit, and replied: "No need. Their average level is only Level 97.8, and they don't have a lot of fifth advancement players.They won’t even pass through the curtain surrounding Pangu's Abyss. Thousand Cities, just quietly grind around the surroundings, there's no need to provoke them. Even if they came down, they wouldn't be able to threaten us at all.
  Dream of a Thousand Cities replied with a smiling emoji: "Fine, I know! Cheers, guild leader!"
  ……
The dense fog in front of me gradually dispersed, and finally, the terrain of the 10th floor of Pangu's Abyss appeared before my eyes. The unexpected thing was that, it wasn't an abyss that had magma splashing around it. This 10th floor was a spacious main hall. There were many Horsemen carrying spears in this hall. The whole body of these Horsemen was covered with steel armor, and only their eyes were exposed. Furthermore, these Horsemen weren't randomly stationed. Instead, they appeared in organized rows! This was an entire army!
 In the middle of the main hall, there was a fragment of an axe floating there, emanating Qi. The light of the axe was spread out, condensing into an image of an actual battle-ax. There was nothing to consider. This was definitely the fragment of Pangu's Axe, and above Pangu's Axe, there was an enormous disk shaped formation array. The centre of the formation array was spewing raging flames, and it was these raging flames that caused Pangu's Abyss be an extremely hot environment.
“Gu Dong…….”
I nervously swallowed my saliva which didn’t get past Wan Er standing behind me. She couldn’t help but laugh, “Pangu’s Axe is right in front of you. Are you excited?”
I clenched my fist as I replied, “ Definitely!”
Li Mu smiled faintly. “However, we still need to clean up all these small monsters then we can get it…….”
Wang Jian squinted his eyes and said, “Those aren’t mere small monsters. Brother Xiao Yao, can you read their stats?
I leaped forward again and slid down a dozen metres. As expected, I was able to see them so I shared the calvary's stats in the party channel. Immediately, everyone was startled. This fragment of Pangu’s Axe was truly not easily obtainable.
[Chi You Horsemen]
Level: 123
Attack: 8800-11400
Defense: 9000
Health: 1000,0000
Skills: [Blood Slash] [Chaotic Spear Pierce] [Chi You’s Single Strike]
Introduction: Chi You Horsemen. In the past, they were one of the guardians of the Chi You Tribe and were originally the bravest and most valiant warriors the tribe, taming the most intelligent wild horses as their mounts. They had a spiritual armor around them that was impenetrable. Each and everyone of them held black iron pikes in their hands, which were excellent for piercing through armor and shields. These Chi You Horsemen have received orders from the fierce ancient gods and come to Pangu’s Abyss to obtain the fragment of Pangu’s Axe with the hopes that one day they will one day be able to revive Chi You’s spirit with its help.
　　……
Wolf took a deep breath and said, “Roughly 10 to 15 Chi You Horsemen form a squad and they move in a formation. We can only fight one squad at a time or else our party might end up getting destroyed.
Matcha carefully analysed them and mentioned, “At our landing point, there are two teams of Chi You Horsemen, which won’t be an easy fight. Boss, why don’t you use your Dragon’s Hook to draw one of the teams. Otherwise, we won’t even be able to reach the main hall of the ninth floor.”
I pondered for a moment before grabbing my sword and leaping forward. “Pa” The sound of my  boots hitting the ground drew the attention of fourteen Chi You Horsemen that were closest to me. One of them had even raised his pike and roared, “There’s a brat that has entered Pangu’s Abyss. Follow me and let’s rip him to pieces!”
The other thirteen Chi You Horsemen followed likewise and charged in my direction. Although my stats were high, I didn’t have the confidence that I could challenge fourteen Saint Tier BOSSes at once, especially when they are level 123 high ranked BOSSes. ‘I should flee.’ As I thought that, I turned around and rushed towards the outer wall which was more than ten metres away. Drawing from the force of my large stride, I was already five metres away from the wall. I pulled out my Dragon Reservoir Sword and thrusted it into the rock to stabilize my body while my other hand released the Dragon Hook which locked onto a rock forty metres above me. After I was roughly forty five metres away from the hostile area, those Saint Tier BOSSes finally lost their aggro on me and gave up on killing me, walking back in the other direction.
When I climbed back up again, Matcha, Li Mu, Wang Jian, Old K and the others were all waiting to fight.. Wan Er opened her eyes wide as she said, “ So this is how we split up……. The first team, Xiao Yao and I will solo kill a Chi You Horsemen. Matcha and One Second Hero, each of you will aggro two while the rest, Li Mu, Wang Jian, Old K; all of you will kill one with your teams. I will mark them one by one. Don’t kill the wrong one and don’t let anyone receive too much damage. All of them are standard BOSSes, so they won’t be easy to face. Remember to keep the formation together and not stray too far. Otherwise, if you aggro another team’s BOSS, that would be disastrous.”
Everyone nodded in agreement while Wan Er started to mark them. In front, each of the fifteen  Chi You Horsemen had a word above their head.
“ Xiao Yao’s attack target.”
“Li Mu’s attack target.”
“Matcha’s attack target.”
“Ran Min’s attack target.”
　　……
The fifteen BOSSes were divided in an instant and I lifted my sword to charge forward while my hands shook a little, releasing a [Great Realm Of Desolation] to one of the monsters. Immediately, the 15 BOSSes’ aggro were on me. Lin Wan Er then shouted, “Advance together! Don’t let our guild’s Pig receive too much damage or else we will all die miserably…….”
Everyone swarmed around the area, each of them raising their sharp blades and charging forward.
I received a fierce slash from one of the Chi You Horsemen while simultaneously, taking another six other attacks. These Saint Tier BOSSes were really violent, even when I had 200% extra defense from [Thousand Layer Cliff], their damage was still impressive. I stubbornly defended against the BOSS without retreating as Thousand League Spring and Darling Duck constantly healed me, saving my levels.
In a matter of seconds, the BOSSes beside me were drawn away. Every 5 man team was able to kill a Saint Tier BOSS  as the players were all the top players from [Zhan Long], it shouldn’t be an issue for five men to kill a Saint Tier Boss. Our BOSS was easily dealt with, especially with Lin Wan Er, Yue Qing Qian, Dong Cheng Yue, and Darling Duck in this 5 man team. Our killing speed was very fast. When other BOSSes were still at 50% health, we would have already decimated two BOSSes.
“Hua La. Hua La…….”
Regarding the BOSS’ drop rate I was not expecting much but I was pleasantly surprised. To think that a Saint Tier Ring with 9% lifesteal would drop. I threw it over to Wan Er. As for me, I had a Peerless ring and a King’s ring, both of which should do fine for me in the short-term.
In a few minutes, the fifteen BOSSes all became corpses while the hundred man from [Zhan Long] didn’t take much damage. This truly deserves praise! At this point however, Qing Qian turned around and said, “A patrolling squad has come. There are seventeen Chi You Horsemen!”
　　
