
[]  []  []
Chapter 197 – Start of Zhan Long
Translated by: xDh20
Edited by: Hendricksen-sama, TwangyNewt, Algaivia, Based Jessica
Final Check: GGP
“Swoosh!”
With a white flash, I reappeared within Ba Huang City with Yue Qing Qian at my side. Intimately, she pulled my wrist and smiled, “ A Guild Creation tablet usually costs around 300,000 RMB, so Brother Xiao Yao should treat me to dinner!”
“Of course, I was already planning to do so.”
I laughed loudly, “Qing Qian don’t leave right now. Come with me to the Guild Association in the city so you can meet the other members in our guild, after all we are going to be one big family soon.”
Yue Qing Qian nodded while smiling “Yup, yup!”
……
In a hurry, I pulled Wolf, Matcha, Ran Min, Fox, Dong Cheng Lei and Darling Duck into our party.
“Brother Xiao Yao, what happened?” Wolf asked.
Old K forced his eyes open, “It’s already past midnight. Can’t you let us focus on leveling?”
Matcha laughed lightly “Be silent and let the boss speak!”
I didn’t say anything and instead sent a picture of the Guild Creation Tablet through the party chat and laughed, “Everyone, take a look at this.”
“Ah?! A Guild Creation Tablet….” Matcha’s jaw dropped.
Wolf got so emotional that he couldn’t form his words, “Brother Xiao, this….. this is a Guild Creation Tablet but where did it come from? Is this from Wan Er?
I shook my head “No! This is from [Flying Dragon]’s Elder Mu Tian. He was at Ba Huang City’s forest buying a Guild Creation Tablet and before he could return and give it to Soaring Dragon, I killed him and then it dropped!”
“[Flying Dragon] is paying the bill?” Old K’s eyes popped open, “Awesome! This is really sweet!”
Darling Duck smiled and asked “Then this tablet belongs to us and we can finally establish our guild? Boss?”
I nodded “Yeah, have everyone gather at Ba Huang City, Fox withdraw 10,000G and give it to me. Today is a memorable day, we will finally be able to establish our guild. This is the first step in realizing our dream!”
Fox laughed “Ok, I will go immediately!”
…..
I took Yue Qing Qian to the city master’s office and waited by the steps. After a short while, Matcha descended from the air and giggled, “Boss! Wha…. So this is the beautiful Yue Qing Qian. Wow, she’s definitely a girl who can make guys drool over her…”
Yue Qing Qian blushed “Brother Xiao Yao, who is this person?”
“She is Matcha…..” I laughed, “Zhan Long Studio’s newest member. Qing Qian if you come to Hangzhou to visit, you’ll definitely meet her! Matcha is really kind, although a bit clumsy.”
Matcha gave me a death stare and I abruptly stopped talking.
Shortly after, Old K, Wolf, and the others plus Yue Qing Qian gathered, making a total of 8 people that would be in the Zhan Long guild!
….
Taking 10,000G from Fox, I quickly introduced Yue Qing Qian to everybody else. Old K, Wolf and the others seem to like and appreciate this young girl wearing a [Prague] emblem. If I wasn’t at the scene, I’m afraid they would have asked if she had a boyfriend.
Taking a long walk, we finally arrived in front of Duke Luo Lei‘s office in Ba Huang City. I handed over the Guild Creation Tablet to the Duke. When he looked toward me, he said, “I know you! Young warrior of Dragon City, do you want to establish your own guild?
I nodded “Yes, my Duke!”
“Tell me what you would name your guild!”
“Okay…..”
I turned back to look at the group and said “We’ll name our guild 【Zhan Long】, will there be any problems?”
Wolf raised his fist “Ah, Zhan Long! Carrying out justice and helping the weak!”
Matcha nodded “The name Zhan Long isn’t that bad, it sounds much better than Valiant Bravery….”
TL Note: The meaning of Valiant Bravery is to sacrifice oneself for the sake of others
Yue Qing Qian covered her mouth and smiled, “Ok, Zhan Long it is!”
I nodded then turned back and entered the two words “Zhan Long”. Immediately, I heard a dinging sound echo throughout the sky of Ba Huang City. We were officially the 9th guild established in Ba Huang City. ——
“Ding!”
System Announcement: Please be aware that player “Xiao Yao Zi Zai” has successfully used a Guild Creation Tablet and created the guild 【Zhan Long】! Since this is Ba Huang City’s 9th guild, +2 charm has been awarded!
…..
“The award is really small. Only +2 charm….” Yue Qing Qian pouted.
I turned around and laughed a little “No problem, establishing the guild is the most important thing. Charm can be gained by yourself! Come now and apply to join my guild!”
In a hurry, Wolf, Old K, Matcha and the others joined [Zhan Long]. Finally, the only person left to join was Yue Qing Qian. She held her dagger silently as the [Prague]’s deputy leader emblem hovered just above her arm.
I looked at her and smiled “Qing Qian, it’s time to come home…..”
Yue Qing Qian’s face glowed red “Yup”. Immediately with a wave of her hand, the [Prague] emblem disappeared; she had officially resigned from the guild. At this moment, Yan Zhao Warrior would definitely hate me; I stole a cute deputy leader away from him. Eventually, Yue Wei Liang would also join Zhan Long, in effect, I stole two players at once.
After joining Zhan Long successfully, Yue Qing Qian laughed lightly “Brother Xiao Yao, we forgot to come up with an guild emblem. Right now it’s blank, which isn’t good…”
I nodded. Taking out a design that was prepared a long time ago from the my database, I stared at it. It was a Dragon’s Head, crimson red, looking slightly savage with the finishing touches on bloodthirsty background. This was indeed a guild logo worthy of praise and combined with the two words [Zhan Long], it gave out a majestic feeling!
“Ha Ha, this looks good…..” Yue Qing Qian looked at the guild logo resting on her arm.
Wolf stepped up and asked “Brother Xiao Yao, how do we organize the positions within the guild? There’s only a few people here….”
I thought to myself for a moment and said, “Let’s temporarily separate into two camps. The first one will be the Zhan Long camp, the other one will be Valiant Bravery camp. All of those who are present here will belong to the Zhan Long Camp while the General Family will manage the Valiant Bravery Camp. There will be two Deputy Leader positions, who wants it?”
“The person must have a considerable amount of influence” Matcha said while looking at me. She then looked at Yue Qing Qian, laughed and said “Yue Qing Qian was [Prague]’s deputy leader before and she is well known since she is a top ranking player on the CBN network. To let her be the deputy leader is the best choice. The other deputy spot should be left to General Li Mu, alright?”
I laughed “Yeah then that should be it. Qing Qian will speak on my behalf and will be the recruiter for now.”
Yue Qing Qian puckered up her red lips and said cautiously, “Brother Xiao Yao, if they are… [Prague]’s players, would you dare to accept them?”
“Hmm, what does that mean?”
“Well….” She smiled sweetly “I introduced a lot of my friends into [Prague], all of them are above average players. If I joined Zhan Long, they would surely follow me. Will Zhan Long accept them?”
I was startled and after frowning I said, “If Qing Qian’s friends want to join, I have no reason to refuse. Just don’t make this a big issue. If too many people transfer over, I’m worried that [Prague]’s Yan Zhao would think that Zhan Long is poaching their players. Zhan Long already has a lot of enemies, I don’t want [Prague] to be another enemy.”
Yue Qing Qian smiled “Don’t worry brother, there are only around 50 people. The average level is around 53.5, everyone of them has at least 3 Gold Tier equipment or above and they are experienced players…and also…”
She pulled on my arm and smiled “You said that after establishing your guild, you would let the General’s people run the Valiant Bravery camp. General Li Mu can bring at least over a hundred players and all of them are veteran players. That strengthens the Valiant Bravery camp. But, what about our Zhan Long camp? We can’t just have 8 players, so if I bring 50+ players, it can supplement the Zhan Long camp. Otherwise, it’s embarrassing…”
I burst out laughing while giving Yue Qing Qian a big hug around her shoulder, “Qing Qian is so thoughtful that it’s very alluring…. Okay, then let’s do as you say….”
Yue Qing Qian’s face flushed red and didn’t reply.
Matcha rubbed her forehead. “That’s the end for her, this girl has fallen….”
Wolf “…..”
Old K “……”
…..
I continued to assign Elder and Team Captain positions to Old K, Fox, Wolf and Matcha. With the authority given to them, it would make running the guild easier. As for me, the emblem of the guild leader shined on my arm…
At the beginning of a guild’s establishment, the most important thing is to increase the level of the guild. A Lv 1 guild can only allow 100 players. People that would want to join wouldn’t fit, so within 24 hours, we must increase the guild to Lv 2.
“To increase a Lv 1 guild to Lv 2, it requires 1,000,000 guild experience points…. Wolf grinned. “Guild members have their experience obtained from grinding also count for guild experience points. We can even train together. Once we collectively obtain 1,000,000 experience points then the guild should level up.”
I nodded “Okay, let’s go all night grinding. Let’s try to get a Lv 2 guild within 24 hours. Qing Qian, you can go find your players to join and we can all work together. If we have 100 people and everyone gets 10,000 experience points each, then our guild can level up.
Yue Qing Qian nodded and smiled “Alright. I’ll tell them. Haha, Wei Liang wants to join the guild too. Brother Xiao Yao, I’ll go to the North gate plaza to accept players!”
“Yes, go!”
…..
Soon after, 47 veteran players from [Prague] all transferred to [Zhan Long]. Including our other group of team members, Zhan Long had nearly 70 players. Leveling up to a Lv 2 guild wouldn’t be a big problem anymore!
Late night, nearly 1AM, a “Ding” sound echoed. General Li Mu and company went online. Li Mu gave a call and laughed loudly “Hot d*mn! We were in the bus when we saw the news of Zhan Long officially establishing. Where are you now? I’ll bring people to join!
I nodded “North gate plaza! Li Mu, how many of [Valiant Bravery]’s players are you bringing?”
Li Mu said sadly “Not too optimistic, when the tree falls, the monkeys disperse, but what’s left are the true friends. Those are hard to find. Around 200 players. Xiao Yao, you won’t mind right?”
I shook my head and laughed “Why would I mind? Except right now, there’s only 30 spots in the guild. First, bring 30 players over and tomorrow, when we rush to a Lv 2 guild, they can all transfer over. How about that?”
“Deal!”
“Let me give you the Deputy leader position, that way it is easier for you to lead!”
“No! General Li Mu shook his head “I want an elder position, just enough to run Valiant Bravery. Xiao Yao, you can give the vice guild leader position to Cang Tong, Cang Yue, or even to Yue Qing Qian. They have more influence than I do so they are more suited to be vice guild leader, which is an important position. The executive positions in the guild are very important, they can’t be too ugly….”
“Too ugly…..” That was hard to digest and I said “Looks like Old K is definitely not fit to be vice guild leader….”
Li Mu laughed loudly “SO mean….. Okay, I’ll go gather the people. You should also go and by tomorrow 8AM, we must get the guild to Lv 2!”
Good!
[]  []  []

