
Chapter 648 Martyr For the Ages
"Ding!"
System Notification: Congratulations, your team [Xiao Yao Zi Zai] has successfully advanced to the next round!
……
... ...
After that, it was the boring waiting time. Every match had a limit of 2 minutes, so we still had to wait 7 minutes for the entire competition to finish. Before a victor emerged from the other teams, it seemed like we would be unable to pair with any other suitable opponent. 
In those seven minutes of time, Qing Qian and Dong Cheng started to play five-in a row. Darling Duck was posting on her Weibo*, while Wan Er and I were comparing notes in the sealed competition room. Wan Er attacked, and I was defending. After that, I would try to use the Pulse Break Style to interrupt Wan Er's skills. However, Wan Er didn't just let me do it anymore. She changed her angles and speeds every time she attacked, so that it would unceasingly increase the difficulty of my skill breaks however, I gradually learned more, and my success rate had already increased to about 30%. This made the little miss exceptionally stunned, because my speed of improvement was simply too fast. 
TL Note: The Chinese Twitter
Quickly, the second round of the competition started. The opponent that we were paired up with once again appeared on the big screen, This time, it was actually a familiar face. Furthermore, it was the core members of [Hero's Mound Second Division]. Finally, someone we can beat up!
1v1: Xiao Yao Zi Zai-Level 119 Dragon Rider VS Ji Yuan-Level 113 Assassin
1v1: Cang Tong-Level 117 Hermit God VS Ai Ye-Level 114 Swordsman
1v1: Cang Yue-Level 117 Mage VS Starfall-Level 114 Mage 
2v2: Cang Tong-Level 117 Hermit God & Xiao Yao Zi Zai-Level 119 Dragon Rider VS Ji Yuan-Level 113 Assassin & Ai Ye-Level 114 Swordsman
5V5：ALL　VS　ALL
……
"Fine..."
I cupped my fist and laughed: "Wan Er, at that time, Ai Ye and Ji Yuan both spoke badly and insulted you and Dong Cheng. Now, the chance has finally arrived. Viciously cut them down 5:0, and let them return to Q-Sword with this 5:0! 
Wan Er giggled: "Yup yup, go for it, you're the first person up!"
"Yup..."
……
"Swoosh!"
I was teleported into the battlefield, and I imposingly stood there. Ji Yuan carried a smiling expression as he looked at me. 
I said: "Do you think that your smiling face is very relaxed?"
"Yes, what about it?"
"It's actually pretty vulgar..."
"F*ck you..."
The time for talk was over, start the fight!
Ji Yuan and I both took the initiative to attack, and we stared at each other for almost 10 seconds. I waved my hand and laughed: "You are the b*tch below Q-Sword, and you're the vice guild leader of the second guild. How about this? I'll let you hit me for 10 seconds, and I'll promise not to hit you back. How about it?"
"So arrogant?"
Ji Yuan held his dagger, and an angry light flickered in his eyes: "You’re courting death!"
The opponent had already charged over, and his dagger had the light of [Gouge]. Meanwhile, my [Wall of Dou Qi]+[Frost Armor] had already activated. I slid my feet, dodging the [Gouge]. After that, I waved my swords around to block, and with three consecutive "keng keng kengs", I made Ji Yuan's daggers completely unable to approach me. Finally, under a moment of rage, Ji Yuan raised both his arms. [Twin Blade Harmony]!
I could clearly see it. I used my legs to help me evade it. The angle was just right. The Brilliant Fire Emperor directly hit the middle part of his dagger, and the Dragon Reservoir Sword smashed his shoulder, using it as a fulcrum. With the combination of these attacks, it was definitely a successful skill Break. I could even successfully interrupt Wan Er's [Twin Blade Harmony], let alone this Ji Yuan's [Twin Blade Harmony], which had no tricks to it at all.
However, when we were just about to touch, I suddenly remembered something, and hastily staggered. The [Wall of Dou Qi] on my shoulder withstood his [Twin Blade Harmony] with a "Peng", as I made a decision in my mind. I couldn't reveal the results of my Pulse Break Style before meeting Q-Sword. The chances of me having a revenge match with him in the Hero's Wings was very high, and I had to avenge my humiliation in the Magic Dragon's Nest. Or else, it wouldn't be just me, but the entire [Zhan Long] guild, who wouldn't be able to raise our heads in front of [Hero's Mound]. 
The Brilliant Fire Emperor was suffused with a raging flame, and my wrist rapidly flipped over three times, using three different angles to block Ji Yuan's three attacks. At the end of the 10 seconds, he hadn't even depleted 5000 points of my health. Over 90% of his attacks were blocked, and only those quick attacks managed to hit me. 
Immediately, Ji Yuan looked like he was holding back a red face: "Xiao Yao Zi Zai, you really have guts!"
Me: "He, thanks for the compliment...it's my turn now!"
When I raised my sword, I dealt a heavy attack, causing Ji Yuan's body to lose his balance with a "peng". My attack was simple and effective, and [Seven Star Fragment Slash] enveloped him. With a raise of my right hand, [Great Realm of Desolation] landed!
“14222！”
“15827！”
Ji Yuan softly collapsed. 1:0. Beating him was simply too easy. My basic defense had already reached 10170. Therefore, even if I didn't have my Flying Scythe War Horse, I could instantly subdue over 99% of Assassins. If they weren't able to ignore over 50% of defensive stats, who would dare hit this metal board? The job suppression would make their cheeks filled with tears. 
……
I flew out of the battlefield, and the second match was the showdown between Wan Er and Ai Ye. 
"Swoosh swoosh!"
Wan Er and Ai Ye were both teleported into the battlefield together. Ai Ye was wearing a valiant armor, and held a long sword. He had a trace of indignance/dissatisfaction on his face, as he looked at Wan Er and said: "Vice guild leader Cang Tong, I would never have thought that we would meet again in this situation." 
Wan Er silently stood in the wind, as her black hair lightly rose. She slightly smiled: "I'm already no longer [Hero's Mound]'s vice guild leader. You don't have to call me that."
Ai Ye coldly spoke: "Xiao Yao Zi Zai, [Zhan Long], are they really that good? The fact that they could make you so hell-bent to stay at [Zhan Long], just what charm does this guild have, that can make you abandon [Hero's Mound] and a righteous guild leader like Q-Sword? Could it be that Q-Sword didn't treat you well? On the contrary, I feel that Q-Sword was totally devoted to you."
Wan Er had a faintly displeased tone, as she indifferently said: "I joined [Zhan Long], and stay by Xiao Yao Zi Zai's side, because I love him. Is this reason sufficient enough? As for Q-Sword, the things that he concealed from me, everything that he did against [Zhan Long] in Ba Huang City, is already enough to make me leave [Hero's Mound]. Let me take a few steps back. If you were a girl, and someone treated you nicely, you would have to be with him. Isn't your moral character too low in that case?"
Ai Ye was unable to respond. He raised his long sword and said: "I know that I cannot beat you, but I will still go all out. Let me tell you that, the people from [Hero's Mound] will never surrender!"
Wan Er slightly laughed: "Then I’ll make you a martyr for the ages….”
Ai Ye: "..."
In the instant that the competition started, Wan Er directly rushed out to attack, without even waiting for Ai Ye to attack. She directly used [Absolute Step] to appear in front of him in a flash, and none of the three hits of [Blade of the Death God] missed. After Ai Ye downed a health potion, Wan Er took out the steel umbrella behind her and took the opportunity to hit Ai Ye's stomach. Following that, she used a [Flying Dagger]+[Ice Pick Whirlpool], instantly depleting her energy. However, she managed to instantly kill this guild leader of [Hero's Mound Second Division], winning in a neat and tidy fashion.  
2:0！
With a "Swoosh", Wan Er was teleported to my side. She had an unhappy expression at the corner of her mouth: "This Ai Ye really talks a lot..."
I patted her shoulder and laughed: "No matter, we'll just go dominate them again during the 2v2, then dominate them again during the 5v5. In total, you can kill him 3 times. That should make you happy..."
Sure enough, this future girlfriend of mine was very amused, as she happily laughed, "Hmm that really does sound like a good plan!” 
"Yup..."
It was time for the third match. Dong Cheng VS Starfall. It was a match between two Mages, and naturally, there would be some skills needed for this fight. For example, Dong Cheng used [Dimensional Leap] to dodge her opponent's [Indigo Sea Arrow], then used [Lullaby] to put her opponent to sleep. She then used [Flame Beast Burst Raid] to break his defense, then used [Thunderbolt Finger] to kill her opponent. Her entire set of movements completely suppressed Starfall. You could tell the difference between the two Mages with one glance. 
It was 3:0 now. For the 4th match, Wan Er and I would be facing Ji Yuan & Ai Ye. 
Standing within the battlefield, I lightly waved my blade and said: "Which way of killing is more fun?"
Wan Er stood on her tip toes and lightly kissed my cheek. She laughed: "Beloved, just stand here and don't move. I can do it by myself..."
I was stunned: "Can you do it?"
"What can I not do? Even if I lose, you at least can 1v2 them. Besides, we've already won, losing one match won't affect anything." 
"Fine..."
……
In the next moment, the beautiful little miss really went to go 1v2. Her absolutely beautiful figure flew out, and her white cloak flew up. She dodged Ai Ye's [Flame Blade] with a flash, and lightly waved her dagger. [Gouge] stunned Ji Yuan, and after that, she slid her feet and merged her twin daggers. Her movements were exceptionally gorgeous, as she directly used [Twin Blade Harmony]+2 normal attacks to kill Ji Yuan. After that, she used [Frost Revolution], directly sealing Ai Ye in ice. She recovered almost 20% of her energy during the lull in battle, then let out another round of attacks, causing Ai Ye to also collapse. Sure enough, she easily 1v2'ed tem and won!
It was 4:0 now. The expressions of the players from [Hero's Mound Second Division] were ashen. 
It was time for the final 5v5. There were also no accidents during this match. I used [Assault]+[Sword Tempest]+[Halberd Flame] to tear apart the formation of the opposing side, and Dong Cheng's Holy Ghost level skill [Flame Beast Burst Raid] made our opponents hurt so much that they wished to die. What's more, Wan Er and Qing Qian, our two Assassins practically didn't take any heavy damage while KOing their opponents. 
It was 5:0, which was the same as what I predicted. Sweeping our opponents away with the biggest possible score, and giving the division guild of [Hero's Mound] a big slap in the face. This was something that we were most willing to do. In any case, Q-Sword's enmity towards [Zhan Long] was already clear. Tian Ling City only has one spot for a leading guild. If it contains [Hero's Mound], then it can't contain [Zhan Long]. Sooner or later, we would have a fight. 
……
The competition was still ongoing, and we were unable to chat in the guild channel. However, we could check the points of other teams. Wan Er and I were sitting together, quietly looking through them. In [Zhan Long]'s main guild, Li Mu's team, Song Han's team, Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands's team, and Li Meng Yao's team all had advanced already. The thing that I especially didn't expect was the fact that Meng Yao could win both her battles. He he, the IQ of this younger sister of mine seemed to really be fairly above mine. 
There would be some audience lotteries and game announcements between each round of the competition. And so, the tempo of this event was also slower. But, when it was 3:40 in the afternoon, we had already finished fighting our 12th round. After 3 more rounds, we could enter the Top 32 in the Chinese Area, and then go to the game conference in Shanghai to participate in the offline competition one day later. 
It was the 13th round now. When the battle pairings appeared on the large screen, Wan Er and I were both stunned. Enemies truly are on a narrow road, making us expectedly meet [Emperor's Blood]'s main team here--
 Zai-Level 119 Dragon Rider VS Dragon Emperor-Level 115 Knight
1v1: Cang Tong-Level 117 Hermit God VS Moonlight Sonata-Level 114 Mage　 
1v1: Cang Yue-Level 117 Mage VS Blue Dragon Emperor-Level 114 Swordsman
2v2: Cang Tong-Level 117 Hermit God & Xiao Yao Zi Zai-Level 119 Dragon Rider VS Dragon Emperor-Level 115 Knight & Moonlight Sonata-Level 114 Mage 
5V5：ALL　VS　ALL
……

