
Chapter 628 The Brilliance of the Pulse Break Style
Looking  at the quest rewards, I couldn’t help but feel a little startled. Sacred Heaven Sword. What was that? Is it a Demon Harvest Tier? 
I quickly opened up my bag. There, the long sword glowed with a golden light. I took it out to read its stats. It actually had an attack power of 0-0. I was stupefied. It wasn’t until I read the introduction that I felt myself calm down. There was actually another angle to this sword. Thankfully it wasn’t just 0-0——
[Sacred Heaven Sword] (Demon Harvest Tier) 

Attack: 0-0 
Introduction: Legend has it that when the world was first created, the gods all descended upon the earth and taught the people how to harvest and create tools. The ancient humans used the spirit power of the gods to create a weapon to show to them. It was this Sacred Heaven Sword that. The Sacred Heaven Sword had not been unsealed yet and there wasn’t a sword spirit in its body. All it has is a strong and durable body and can meld with any weapon, adding +2 to its tier. Furthermore, the weapon will retain its stats and special skills. Melding them together will only increase the stats.

　　……
I looked at the Sacred Heaven Sword and then looked at my Dragon Reservoir sword and my Zhen Yue Sword. Now I was stuck choosing between the three. I finally decided upon the Dragon Reservoir Sword. After all, I loved the [Kill For Blood] on my Dragon Reservoir sword the most. On top of that, even Q-Sword had the Demon Harvest Nation Suppressing Sword. If I didn’t get a Demon Harvest weapon, then I would be falling too far behind. 

And so, I confirmed the melding and fused the Sacred Heaven Sword and the Dragon Reservoir Sword together. In the next moment, golden light exploded from the two weapons and they began to revolve around each other, slowly fusing together. All of the players stared as they watched. To think that fusing two weapons would create such a big scene. Clearly, this wasn’t a normal fusion. 
After a whole ten seconds, finally, a new weapon floated in front of me. It had the same shape as my Dragon Reservoir Sword, but now the sword’s body carried a golden glow. Furthermore, there were several golden figures etched into the blade. One was leaning over to pick the harvest. Another was carrying a lamb. One was carrying a bow to hunt, and another cutting wood for fire. One was hammering away at a mountain, while one was taming a horse. There was a total of seven pictures flashing on the swords body. That meant that this sword was no longer just a weapon for killing. Rather, it was one that represented life. It was a godly weapon created with the power of the heavens and earth. However, these were all just secondary. What was most important was this weapon’s stats. Glancing at the attack power, I was beside myself in excitement——
[Dragon Reservoir Sword] (Demon Harvest - Superior) 
Attack power: 4120-5500
Strength: +155
Stamina: +152
Magic: +150
Agility: +145

Additional: Increases the user’s attack power by 60% 
Additional: Ignores 50% of the target’s defense 

Special: [Never Dull], the sword never dulls even after long term use

Special: Has a 15% chance of releasing the power of the stars. Deals three times the normal damage to the target
Special: Has a 25 % chance of dealing a superior critical attack 
Special: Bound to the player Xiao Yao Zi Zai. Will not drop. Can still be upgraded one time

Special: Demon Weapon Number 007
Unique Effect: [Kill for Blood], every time a player is killed by this weapon, the weapon’s attack power+1%. Highest is 150%. Disappears after logging off. 
Introduction: During ancient times, there was a Dragon Reservoir located in the Southern Sea. Legend has it that Heavenly Dragons have appeared within the reservoir. The water in that reservoir is both sweet and clear. It also has the effect of strengthening bodies. One legendary blacksmith named “Qin Fang” hand picked the best materials and dug out the Heavenly Jade hidden deep within the Azure Cloud Mountain to assist in the creation. Then, he set up a grass hut right next to the Dragon Reservoir. After seven years of refining it, he finally created a godly weapon and named it the Dragon Reservoir Sword. Legend has it that this sword has the ability to draw upon the power of the stars, making its enemies go crazy
Required Level: 115

　　……
After reading the new stats, I couldn’t help but let out a laugh. It had basically carried over all of the stats from the Dragon Reservoir Sword, and even made it quite a bit stronger. [Kill for Blood]’s limit increased from 100% to 150%. That meant that it was an upgrade triggered by the system. Furthermore, I could still upgrade it one more time. Which basically means I got another chance to upgrade it. Now, even if the [Destiny] China CEO Ou Yang Nuo Yan comes to find me, I would still be within reason. Plus, the [Hero’s Wings] tournament was about to start. If she really was Chinese, then she probably wouldn’t come to take debts from me….
“Ka” I equipped the new Dragon Reservoir Sword. I was ecstatic. My attack power grew a great deal again. Now I was truly a killing machine——
[Xiao Yao Zi Zai] (Dragon Rider) 
Level: 115
Attack: 9950-12450
Defense: 10166
Health: 46137

Magic: 12550

Charm: 391

CBN Battlenet Rankings: 12

　　……
There was nothing more to say about that attack power. It was enough to make anyone cry out in pain. However, losing to Q-Sword really was a worrying thought in my head. It wasn’t that I couldn’t lose, but rather I didn’t know how I lost. Nor did I understand how Q-Sword could break my skills even without something like [Azure Dragon Arm]. 
I looked again. That red skill book was still in my bag. I glanced through the stats. They were pretty good——

[Flame Sword Play] (Holy Ghost Level One): Increases the Dou Qi in the user’s body, creating a flame attack to burst from one’s sword play. Increases attack power by 20%. Required: Must be a Swordsman, Must have a level over 100 
“Shua!” 
The skill book disappeared and I successfully learned it. This was still good. From now on, I won’t have a normal attack. Just attacking would give me the increase in damage of a skill.

　　……
It was already three in the afternoon and I had just returned to Ba Huang City. I patrolled the border of the Dragon’s Den and saw that the city had been developing quite well. Plus, it was only a 20+ minute ride from Tian Ling City. It was pretty close to Mount Zi Wu. Its location naturally had a lot of advantages. Thinking back to the city that [Vanguard] got in the Nightmare Plains, they would have to spend half a day to reach Tian Ling City. At least in that sense, the Dragon’s Den was in a far better location. 
When it was getting close to four, I logged off. I walked out and saw that the hallway was quiet. Wan Er and Dong Cheng were both immersed in the game.
I took my phone and walked out the door onto the small path in the garden. A soft breeze brushed past my face, making the leaves dance on the ground. As I looked at the leaves, I began to think about the details of my fight with Q-Sword. 
Right at that moment, my phone suddenly began to ring. It was Matcha’s phone number——
“Boss, why’d you log off?” 

“Eh, Matcha, did you need something?” 
“Yup, do you have time right now? I want to see you.” 
“Yup. Shall I go pick you up from the office?” 
“Alright!” 

　　……
I spread out my Yi Hai to check for any dangerous elements in the surroundings. Well, with Tang Qi upstairs, he as a Top Tier Royal Air Expert, was enough to protect Wan Er and Dong Cheng. 
I walked out and started up the A4 and drove all the way to the [Zhan Long] ofice. When I reached the building, I saw that Matcha was wearing a yellow dress and standing outside. She clutched a folder in her hand and looked into the window at me with a smile, “Boss, take me to tour Liu Hua University, alright?” 
I smiled, “Ok. What’s got you into this mood today Matcha?” 
“Let’s go!” 
“Alright!” 
A few minutes later, the A4 pulled up into the garden outside the school. Students were continuously walking past us and all of them were in loving pairs.
Matcha continued holding the folder and smiled, “Boss, I saw the recording of your battle with Q-Sword a short while ago. You didn’t lose unjustly. It’s just like Drunken Spear had said, the skills that Q-Sword uses originate from the Pulse Break Style. Of the three main battle styles, that’s the strongest. It’s also the hardest to control. I never would have thought that Q-Sword, that master was willing to lower his head and study the Pulse Break Style.” 
I stopped the car and exclaimed, “Matcha, how do you know it was the Pulse Break Style?” 
“Because I’ve studied it before!” 
Matcha bit her lip and said, “Ever since Little Demon disappeared, there wasn’t anyone who could perfectly control the Pulse Break Style. And so, as the battle styles progressed, the Drunken Sword Style became the ruler. Boss, look at these…” 
As she said that, Matcha opened up the file.The documents were covered with drawings of little people practicing fighting positions and maneuvers. It was incredibly detailed and precise. Besides that, it was exactly the events that occurred during the fight between Q-Sword and I. As I looked at this, I was even more stunned, “Matcha, you….” 
Matcha smiled, “I’ve studied the Pulse Break Style too. I’ve seen a lot of the recordings of Little Demons battles. To be honest, after looking at BOSS getting beaten up by Q-Sword, I wasn’t too happy and so I went to do some research. First off, let me show BOSS where he lost!” 
I nodded, “Ok, go ahead!” 
At that moment, I was starting to truly feel that Matcha was the most fit to be our strategist. Now that I was looking at it, she truly had a solid grip on battles. She was even able to discern the different moves used in a high level battle. 
Pointing at the pictures, Matcha continued, “First, is when you activated [Fierce Ice Blade]. [Fierce Ice Blade] is an attack that takes the shape of a long spear. And so, Q-Sword used his own blade to ram into the point of the long spear, causing it to slow down. Afterwards, he gave it another strong push in its weak point and so Boss, you didn’t notice. Q-Swords foot placements were also incredibly precise. It was only with that positioning that he was able to reach the correct amount of force and the correct angle. The three minor moves allowed him to interrupt your [Fierce Ice Blade]. Afterwards when you used [Wind Blade] with your Nation Suppressing Sword. At the time, your Nation Suppressing Sword was a Demon Harvest Equipment, and so Q-Sword knew that he couldn’t beat you in terms of strength. There was also no way that he could decrease your speed or force through his maneuvers. And so, he decided to use the force of his body to knock the Nation Suppressing Swords’s [Wind Blade] off angle. Afterwards, he used the force of the ram to hit the origin of the strength in your attacks——your arm. Once he knocked away your arm, he [Wind Blade] was also interrupted. Boss, did you know? In the recordings of your battle, the way you use [Fierce Ice Blade] and [Wind Blade] had been examined by Q-Sword at least a hundred times. It’s only like this that he’s able to so readily understand every detail in your moves.” 
I quietly leaned against the seat. I thought back to the battle and suddenly had a moment of enlightenment. It was just as Matcha had said. The difficulty of Q-Sword’s Pulse Break was far above my own! 

I turned around to look at Matcha and took a deep breath, “What do I do to counter the Pulse Break Style?” 
Matcha smiled, “The Pulse Break Style is a type of battle method that occurs afterwards. There’s no way to counter it. Unless you use the Pulse Break Style as well. You’d also have to be a better master at it than the other. But, that’s a bit hard.” 

I grit my teeth, “Then how should I practice the Pulse Break Style? 
Matcha grinned, “Dummy boss. Did you think that this Pulse Break Style is some Defeat the Dragon Eighteen Palm Strikes*? Actually, the Pulse Break style is a type of battle method. You attack after the enemy to counter their attacks. The Pulse Break is used to deal with the enemy’s attacks. Afterwards, you dash out to avoid the enemy’s counterattack. The Pulse Break Style’s most important principle is either you don’t attack, or you strike the most critical points. Otherwise, you’re just waiting for the enemy to make their first move and then interrupt their pattern.” 
*TL Note: A reference to a famous martial arts style from Jin Yong’s She Diao Ying Xiong Zhuan 
“Then what do I do….” I smiled, “I can’t just get a beating every time I see Q-Sword, now can I?” 
Matcha stuck out her 34Cs and smiled, “Well you can’t. I won’t stand seeing boss getting bullied by others Don’t worry, I’ve looked through the forums and found a few methods of the Pulse Break Style. One of them is actually a book that was written by Little Demon herself. After looking at these, you should know how to deal with Q-Sword. At least when you see him, you won’t be at too much of a disadvantage! I’ve already sent the documents to your game mail box. Boss, how do you plan on thanking me?” 
“I’ll take you to hot pot!” 

“Ok….” 
