
Chapter 630 Autonomous Team
6 a.m. Morning again.
“Keng!”
Sparks rose around us in the Great Hall of the Dragon’s Den. My Zhen Yue Sword and Dragon Reservoir Sword unleashed two consecutive strikes to forcibly break the first hit of Wan Er’s [Blade of the Death God]. Simultaneously, I suddenly looked behind, and used my knee to heavily break apart her second attack. My Dragon Reservoir Sword also flashed at the same time, and it struck the tip of her blade on the third attack. My cloak flew upwards, and I relaxed my body as I avoided her strike and smashed my sword hilt on to the little miss’ right shoulder. Immediately, Wan Er let out an “Ah” sound when I struck a cluster of nerves and I broke through her third attack!
“Wu…”
Wan Er consecutively retreated several steps. I ran out and caught her slender waist. And asked, “Are you ok?”
“Yup.”
Wan Er stood up and massaged her arm. After that, she looked at me and smiled: “Pig, you managed to break through the three consecutive strikes of [Blade of the Death God] after one night only. You’re truly not simple…”
I face palmed and laughed: “Of course! Or else, how could I be fit for our unrivaled Wan Er!”
“Is that true?” She naughtily laughed: “Then do you want to go again one more time?”
“Sure!”
During the Nth duel that night, Wan Er still charged over as before. But, in the instant that she approached me, she ingeniously slid her feet, moving her to the side by 0.5 meters. She activated [Blade of the Death God] from my flank. Its speed was too fast, and the time that I had to respond to it was also less. But, I still managed to quickly determine the angle and force.Without a second thought, I swung both of my swords. “Keng keng” I broke the first attack. However, it was too late for me to block the second and third attacks. All I could do was attempt to weakly block the attacks. Moreover, I couldn’t block it at all, and took damage twice. The beautiful little miss was too evil, she was using different maneuvers...
“How is it?”
With one hand on her hip and the other flicking her dagger, she smiled, “You big idiot...once I slightly maneuvered, you weren’t even close to blocking it at all. Q-Sword and Jian Feng Han aren’t idiots. Their angles and strength will slightly change during every attack. Your Pulse Break Style is much more difficult than getting health insurance.”  
I nodded my head deep in thought: “Yup, but...it’s already 7 o’clock, it seems that there’s class today…”
“Yeah, and it’s also a compulsory class…”
“Are you going?”
“I’m going. Do you think I’m class-skipper like you?”
“Haven’t you skipped class a few times too? Go wake that other class-skipper up. We’ll go to class together...I’m gonna go wash up a bit, then we’ll head to class after eating breakfast together. You also have to wake those chefs up, they probably don’t know that we’re going to class today…”
“Fine…”
That afternoon, less than 50% of the spots were filled up in the big lecture theatre. The old professor stood on the platform at the front of the class and talked about the changes in culture in Cao Yuzhang’s three history books, while spitting saliva. Dong Cheng stuck out her tender chest as she leaned onto her textbook, fully concentrated on the lecture. On the other hand, Wan Er was leaning her head on Dong Cheng’s shoulder, her beautiful eyes squinted as she tried to take a nap. Every few minutes, she would open her right eye to see if anything had happened. After seeing that the old professor wasn’t looking at her, she would narrow her eyes and sleep like a beautiful little lazy cat.
I rested on the seat, and daydreamed. Not long after, Tang Gu who was sitting behind me jabbed my back, and whispered: “Idiot, you’re snoring…”
I was startled and woke up: “Impossible, I’m such a cultured and refined youngster, how could I snore while I’m sleeping?”
Tang Qi grinned, “Mother f*cker, don’t tease him…”
Dong Cheng pushed off  Wan Er who was on her shoulder, and said: “My arm’s sore. Brother Xiao Yao, take your family’s Cang Tong away…”
I was speechless. I extended my arm out, and Wan Er narrowed her eyes and looked at me. A beautiful smile appeared on the corner of her mouth, as she hugged my arm. She then hugged me like a little cat and slept again. This intimate action immediately made the surrounding group of pursuers green in the face. They were all clenching their fists, wanting to buy a shotgun and kill me from 50 meters away.
Tang Gu was feeling so sour that he was about to rage quit. He pointed at Wan Er who was in my embrace, and let out an ‘Ah ah ah’ sound. But he didn’t do anything more than that, because I had already raised my right arm. Tang Gu already knew that he couldn’t beat me. A wise man knows better than to fight when the odds are against him. He could only rub his nose and say: “This world is truly unfair, letting the pig get the good things…”
Dong Cheng giggled: “The nickname of Pig for our Brother Xiao Yao...seems to be fitting. However, I actually feel that, within this class, the male student that can match with our Wan Er is only this pig Brother Xiao Yao. If it was another man, then that would be casting pearls before a swine….”
Tang Gu’s entire body trembled: “Beautiful Dong Cheng, are you secretly mocking me?”
Dong Cheng innocently spread out her hands: “Nope, I’m only slapping your face in front of you…”
Tang Qi rubbed his face: “Why do I feel like I’m being shot by a gun..”
The group of male students behind us all said: “We all feel like we’ve been shot! Brother Tang Qi,  let’s all gang up on that brat Li Xiao Yao! We know that you’ve trained yourself!”
Tang Qi laid on the table, narrowing his eyes, as he prepared to sleep. He lazily said: “Don’t be noisy, I’ve tried. I couldn’t beat him.”
Wan Er opened her drowsy eyes: “Don’t be so noisy, your voice is louder than the teacher. Are you going to let us sleep…”
At that moment, the old professor also pushed his glasses up, and said: “Hey, front row, please reduce your speaking voices. Don’t wake up the sleeping students in the back row. Everyone must respect each other.”
Dong Cheng: “...”
It was almost noon. The ring of the bell that signified the end of class woke Wan Er up, and at the same time, huge waves were also raised inside the classroom. A group of male students were excitedly shouting over there.
“What are they doing?” Dong Cheng was somewhat astounded.
Tang Gu replied: “I’ll go ask!”
In the end, Tang Gu ran back after half a minute, with a face full of excitement as he said: “After 72 hours, the preliminaries for the Hero’s Wings tournament is going to start! China has 3 spaces available for teams!”
“So it’s this…” I faintly smiled.
Wan Er rubbed her eyes: “Pig, let’s go eat.”
I nodded my head: “Alright.”
Tang Gu: “Why are you guys not excited at all!”
Wan Er pulled my arm and took me out the door, as she said: “Pig, we’ll go register in the afternoon.”
“Sure…”
Tang Gu: “...”
　　……

Around 1 o’clock in the afternoon, we returned to our small villa and walked upstairs. Let’s prepare to register ourselves!
“Swoosh!”
I appeared in Tian Ling City, and I heard the sound of a bell echo out once I stepped in--
“Ding!”
System Notification: Respected players, you have already fulfilled the requirements for participating in the Hero’s Wings tournament. The registration will end after 71 hours. Quickly choose 4 powerful companions to participate in this journey of the Hero’s Wings that is filled with passion and hot blood! Maybe, if the God of Fortune descends on you, you can also hold up the trophy of the Hero’s Wings!
OK, as expected, I could already register. Let’s immediately gather companions!
Within the [Zhan Long] guild, it was also unusually lively. Everyone was chatting about assembling a team.
Li Mu: “D*mm*t, team this team that. Fine, we’ll just go as the General Family...Me, Wang Jian, Bai Qi, Lian Po, and we’ll just take Thousand League Spring…”
Wolf: “Whoa don’t, don’t snatch younger sister Spring…”
Bai Qi: “Little Wolf you bastard, when was she your younger sister Spring…”
I said: “Stop fighting, stop fighting. Talk it over nicely...”
Wolf cunningly laughed: “That’s fine. We’ll give Thousand League Spring to you guys. My group will be Matcha, Old K, Yue Wei Liang, and Dancing Forest. It’s quite powerful…”
Dancing Forest: “Oh, I have a team, how nice…”
Fox: “F*cker, so you’re mercilessly throwing me away like this…”
Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands laughed: “Glass Fox, just come over to my team. We already have me, Moon Feather, Tang Xin, and One Second Hero.”
Fox: “Sure!”
Li Meng Yao said: “Brother, brother!”
Me: “Yup, Meng Yao?”
Meng Yao: “If I  can also get to Level 100 for the competition. How about I join sister Yue Yao Yan’s team?”
　 
“Fine, then that’s settled!”
“Yup yup…”
　　……
I closed the guild chat. Anyway, [Zhan Long]’s first team was already confirmed. I immediately started building the team. The four beauties Wan Er, Dong Cheng, Qing Qian, and Darling Duck entered the team in succession. After we were all in, I laughed: “OK, next, I have to bring the four great beauties from [Zhan Long] to the journey of the Hero’s Wings. Where do we go to sign up?”
Wan Er replied: “There’s a Special NPC for the Hero’s Wings tournament in the east gate’s plaza. We can register there after paying the fee.”
“Alright. Then quickly come over!”
　 
“Okay!”
After a few minutes, the 4 beautiful girls from my team appeared. This east gate’s plaza was so full that even water couldn’t pass through it. The huge amount of players that gathered here to register came on like an endless stream.
I extended my hand out and held on to Wan Er’s little hands. I pulled her, and brought Dong Cheng, Qing Qian, and Darling Duck, these few beautiful ladies along with me. We forced our way into the crowd, and could finally speak to the NPC. We chose to register for the preliminary rounds of the Hero’s Wings tournament. Our levels fulfilled the requirements for registering. Every person gave a fixed amount of gold coins, and there was immediately a System Notification: Congratulations, your team has successfully registered! Please immediately enter your team name!
Dong Cheng laughed: “What name should we call our team?”
Wan Er: “Simple, let’s just call it Team Xiao Yao Zi Zai. Anyway, Pig is the team leader. We’re following him.”
Qing Qian nodded her head and laughed: “Good idea! Brother Xiao Yao is the soul of our team!”
And so, I entered the four words Xiao Yao Zi Zai. The system immediately confirmed my team name. OK, everything is ready. Let’s just wait for the preliminaries to officially start 3 days later.
