
[] [] []
Chapter 33 – Death’s Medicine

Dinner was simple. It consisted of some random Italian cuisine and a cup of tea.
Holding a cup of hot tea, Ling Wan Er sits to the opposite of me quietly. The street lights rush in from the window, illuminating her pale cheek and… her breathtaking breasts. Today, she is wearing a revealing low cut blouse, which causes the boys at the next table to take frequent peeks at her.
“Li Xiao Yao?” Lin Wan Er suddenly asked.
I quickly take my eyes off of her chest, but I fail to control my accelerated heartbeat and say, “Yeah?”
“There doesn’t seem to be many high level players in Ba Huang City.” Lin Wan Er blinks and asks: “Is the Prague’s Guildmaster, Yan Zhao Warrior, the player with highest level? What is his level?”
“Hmm,” I nod: “Yan Zhao Warrior was level 28, but after getting killed by The Generals it dropped down to 27.”
“Oh, The Generals? I’ve never heard of it…… ”
I smile: “They have a handful of high level players, but not enough to go against Prague. So for the time being, they are not well known.”
Lin Wan Er’s eyes glow beautifully with a little laugh: “Oh really? However even with them, Ba Huang City is a lot less competitive than other cities. In addition only a few large guilds such as the Flying Dragon and Prague are in Ba Huang City. Even then, they aren’t the top three guilds, so Ba Huang City’s competition shouldn’t be too rough, you’re so lucky!.”
“Well, that’s not true, since Player Killing(PK) outside the city is very common occurrence here.”
“Ah?” Lin Wan Er looks at me with contempt and says, “Are you afraid of PKing?”
On one side, Dong Cheng Yue taps Lin Wan Er’s shoulder and laughs: “Don’t say that Wan Er, did you forget his class? Healer has low offense and can only heal. How can he PK, what can he do? Does he use his handsome face to hit another player?…… ”
Lin Wan Er purses her red lips: “Which part of him is handsome?”
Dong Cheng Yue narrows her eyes and says: “But I really think he is a handsome and warm person … …”
Lin Wan Er: “……”
I cough to ease the atmosphere and ask, “Miss, what about Fan Shu City, who is the highest level player?”
“Heroe’s Tomb’s Guild leader – Q Sword! ”
“Oh, really? Q Sword, what kind of person is he?” I’m a bit surprised.
Lin Wan Er takes a deep breath making her seductive 34D breasts heave up and down and whispers: “[Q Sword], is the most handsome man in Fan Shu City. In addition, he and [Ice Sword] are at the top of the [hit and recover style].”
“Hit and recover style?”
Dong Chen Yue chuckles: “Xiao Yao, you’re so lame, you don’t even know the basic tactics of PKing. Hit and Recover Style, Pulse Stopping Style and Thorn style are the top three PKing Styles. [Q Sword], was the top player in <>, he got there with his skills at being a expert in the Hit and Recover Style. In just a few days after he joined <>, he’s being called a god by players in Fan Shu City.
Lin Wan Er smiles and says: “Yeah, He is my Idol … …”
I stare at Lin Wan Er for a few seconds, silent. There’s a strange feeling in my heart.
Dong Cheng Yue lays on the desk, and narrows her eyes: “Xiao Yao, you… You don’t want Wan Er to have a male idol, right? Don’t hide it and answer me directly!”
Suddenly, I feel that Dong Cheng Yue is quite fierce: “Your thinking too much. Whoever the Miss likes has nothing to do with me. I am only responsible for protecting the Miss, if…”
“If what?” Lin Wan Er asks.
“Nothing…Never mind.”
“……”
Dong Chen Yue chuckles: “Well, this atmosphere is really awkward. Xiao Yao, Wan Er and I are level 30, how about we go to Ba Huang City to see you? Strong or weak, you’re our companion, we can’t let you stay in Ba Huang city all alone!”
I say: “That’s good”
Lin Wan Er pouts and purses her lips: “OK, lets help him level up, poor healer … …”
Me：“……”
“What’s your ID?” Dong Cheng Yue asked.
“[Xiao Yao Zi Zai]”
“Ahh?” Dong Chen Yue’s mouth falls open: “What? You are … … Your that rumored healer, the very first one to be promoted in Ba Huang City?”
I puff out my chest and say, “Yup, awesome right?”
Lin Wan Er jokes: “It doesn’t matter, you’re still a healer … …Gimme Milk!”
(TL: Awesome in Chinese involves the word, cow -> milk and healers are also jokingly called milkers.)
I clench my fist: “Don’t discriminate against my class, even healers have a irreplaceable role in team fighting.”
“Lets go home early and rush to level 30!” Lin Wan Er sees that I am pissed and immediately reveals a refreshing smile: “Dong Cheng Yue and I will level our skills to LV-4 and then we will go look for you in Ba Huang City! ”
“Ok!”
……
Back at the dormitory, I didn’t connect to the game right away. Instead I open Glasses’ notebook and search for any relevant information about [Q Sword]. I became a little dismayed after the search, he is definitely an arch nemesis–
ID: [Q Sword]
Q Sword is the found of Heros’ Tomb Guild, the guild ranked second on China’s Guild Leaderboard. Since <>, Q Sword has become a legendary player. According to rumors, his real name is Bei Cheng Feng, the successor of Henan’s Bei Cheng Freeform Martial Arts’ successor. He is also the son of Northern Star Corporation’s chairman, and is worth over 100 Billion. Most importantly, Q Sword is very handsome, which causes many female player to chase after him when he enters Fan Shu City.
……
Pow!
I slammed the laptop shut. Freeform martial arts? Oh, when I was still with that old man, I fought against Freeform martial artists but I never saw Bei Cheng’s Freeform martial arts. Maybe, through <> I can face the apex of freeform martial arts.
No wonder Lin Wan Er took notice of Q Sword. He really is exceptional, but …even though Ling Wan Er has so much interest in him, she’s ignoring the master martial artist right next to her!
Enraged, I hook on my helmet. I’ll try to get to level 30, although it’s still quite for me, whose level 24. Increasing the level of Baby Bobo is also good. The growth rate of the overlord bee is extremely high and it’s my strongest trump card. Raising levels is definitely the road to strength. I must get to level 26 tonight and increase Baby Bobo to 25 in order to be stronger!
Shuaaa!
I’m online inside Ba Huang City.
My first tasks were to repair my equipment and stock up on potions and seal cards. Standing at the North gate of Ba Huang City, I open the map to look for a new place to grind that isn’t too close because that’s where all the novices are at. The newbs start to drop off after the map is about 20 minutes of walking distance from the city. The maps there have higher level monsters, which is ideal for high-levelled players like me.
Looking around for awhile, I see blood-red dots on the East side of the map. Which means that the monsters there are at least level 30. With Baby Bobo and killing monsters 6 levels above me is not too much of a problem.
After confirming my destination, I set off immediately through a low level monster-infested jungle. I also notice that a level 24 healer is indeed very sought after. Along the way, at least 10 teams have sent party invites to me –
“Hi there, the level 24 Healer. Please join our party, we’re going to kill level 25 wild boars. It gives quite a bit of experience and for all cloth armor drops you can have them!” a Barbarian carrying a Battle Axe roars.
Another player, this time a pretty Elf Mage gently flaps her wings, hovering off the ground a few feet in the air, and asks sweetly: “Brother Xiao Yao Zi Zai, do you want to join our team to kill toxic wasps? They are level 27 monster, we will roll for equipments… ”
“Yeah, in our team, my sister is 17 years old and doesn’t have a boyfriend! ”
……
I politely decline all of the offers. In fact, I didn’t send out Baby Bobo, whose appearance is quite unique and bound to attract attention.
After nearly 30 minutes, the monsters around me are level 28 Hyenas and Goblins, but they are not my target. These monsters’ offensive and defensive property are relatively average. The only reason I bought so many seal cards was to seal one or two high end attack type pet and sell them back at Ba Huang. In this game, one needs to be patient, killing the same monsters for more than 5 hours in a map should get you a pet and the chance to become rich. This game requires you to be lucky and tough. I’m definitely tough, back when I was fighting…… Oops! I have to keep going!
Further ahead, a small, empty village appears. But in the corner of the village is a blood red Ba Huang City flag and a small garrison for NPCs.
Carrying my spear, I go towards the garrison. But suddenly two shua sounds shatter the peaceful air and I subconsciously move backwards!
Clap clap!
Two iron arrows pierce the earth. The sentry, an NPC Archer found me!
I quickly raise my spear and say loudly: “Don’t shoot we’re on the same side! ”
The Archer on the outpost laughs: “Ohh, it’s an adventurer from Ba Huang, sorry, I thought you were a monster…”
……
In the camp, an NPC, sitting on a wild boar while holding a battle Axe, smiles at me: “Kid, you sure have some guts to come to this desolate area.”
I smile and wave the spear in my hand: “I have more than just guts!”
“Very well!”
The man stands, suddenly words float on top of his head, “Qian Ling, Patrol Captain”. Coming over, he pats me on the shoulder, and with a loud laugh: “Boy, I have a very dangerous task, do you have the guts to accept?”
“Yes!”
Qian Lin looks up at the sky and after a deep breath says: “This place, originally belonged to Ba Huang City’s duke Luo Lei. Unfortunately, a few months ago an evil mage came here. He developed all kinds of terrible potions, one of them could turn into a living person into a zombie! So this place has become the land of the death with very cruel zombies. They are gathered in the mage’s underground lab. Right now, we need a person to go to the bottom of the labs and find a bottle of Death’s Medicine. If you can bring back Death’s Medicine, you will be the pride of Ba Huang City and also the pride of the Tian Ling empire. Do you have the guts to take up this task?”
Ding!
System Notification: Do you accept the quest “Death’s Medicine”? (Mission difficulty: B)
……
Patrol Captain Qian Lin looks at me with contempt and says lightly: “It doesn’t matter if you don’t go. After all, not everyone is so courageous. If you don’t go, you can go back to Ba Huang city and boast about killing countless monsters, drink at the pub and woo women. After all to go or not, is your choice right?”
I gnash my teeth: “This quest… I accept!”
[] [] []

