
Chapter 632 No Entrance
“Ok, alright then….” 
Wan Er left my arms and jumped off the horse. With a dagger in each hand, she smiled, “Thousand City, spread your people out and start grinding levels. We’re going to enter the Pangu's Abyss. Thank you for your hard work! You’re doing us a great favor by keeping watch for our main force!” 
A Dream of a Thousand Cities nodded, “Yup, I understand. Don’t worry, leave it to me!” 
I urged my horse forward. Only then did I notice a flaming curtain in front of us. I subconsciously furrowed my brows. I then pulled out my Demon Harvest Dragon Reservoir Sword and said, “What’s with these flames?” 
A Dream of a Thousand Cities said, “Guildmaster, you’ve seen it. These flames deal a lot of damage to players. That’s the reason why we haven’t been able to enter Pangu's Abyss. I’m just a small archer and I don’t have a healer to recover my health. I wouldn’t dare try my luck getting through that.” 
I smiled, “Interesting. Then I’ll leave the rest to you guys.” 
A Dream of a Thousand Cities crossed her arms over her cute 32Bs and smiled determinedly, “Yep, for the sake of [Zhan Long]....” 
I smiled, “Yes….” 
Li Mu brought his horse over and smiled, “Guildmaster, don’t smile with so much lust…”
I was speechless. 
Wan Er raised the Iron Umbrella and addressed the people behind her, “Prepare your potions. Everyone, gather together and we’ll enter it all at once. There’s a curtain of flames separating the Pangu's Abyss and us. It’s a test for players. Healers, use your area heals for support. Once anyone’s health drops below 50%, immediately drink a potion. Do not hesitate. That will be all. Line up in rows and prepare to enter. Pig, you lead the way.” 
“Ok.” 
My horse and I slowly walked forward. The flame curtain was only a few meters away from me. I could even feel the heat radiating off of it. Li Mu, Wang Jian, and Matcha all had serious expressions on their faces. That’s right, when it’s time to be serious, then everyone would put forth their utmost concentration. My Flying Scythe War Horse neighed and I slowly continued forward. At that moment, the flames began to burn me. The damage was enough to instantly kill a player——
　　“2461！”
　　“2461！”
　　“2461！”
The situation wasn’t too bad for me since I had a high magic defense. However, the [Zhan Long] players behind me weren’t bad either. At most, they lost around 4000 health per second. Under the heals of the healers, everyone could basically make it through without too much of a problem. The map ahead of us was a several hundred meter deep abyss. As we walked towards the center, One Second Hero activated [Fierce Sun Wall] to help protect everyone. This way, the players who were in critical health could immediately recover and safely pass through this trial. 
“Sha sha….” 
My horse began to quicken its step. I was the first to charge out of the flame curtain. Behind me, Li Mu, Qing Qian, and Wan Er all walked out afterwards. When Dong Cheng came out, she still had 100% of her health left. There was no other way, the [Mana Shield] for mages was just too incredible. Its durability was terrifying. The average players couldn’t break through it. 
Less than five meters ahead of us was an enormous abyss. Flames rose up from the pit. The sky was dyed red from the smoke and heat. The radius of the abyss was at least 1000 yards long. Golden runes floated around the edges of the abyss in the sky, giving us the feeling that this map wasn’t for grinding, but rather made for the scenery. 
I continued walking forward. When we were next to the abyss, I immediately heard a bell beside my ear. The Map Notification was here——
“Ding!” 
System Notification: Please Note, you have entered the Epic Tier Map——[Pangu’s Abyss]! 
Introduction: Heaven and Earth were originally in a state of chaos. The entire world was one enormous primal chaotic mass. The hero Pangu was born from within the chaotic mass. Using his own battle axe, he cut through the chaos and finally split this mass. The top semisphere turned into air, while the bottom semisphere turned into the earth. Pangu continuously grew larger and turned into a hero that held up justice. After the earth and heavens split, Pangu finally tired himself to death. His breath turned into the clouds, his voice the thunder, his left eye the sun, his right eye the moon, and his spirit breathed life on earth. This Pangu’s Abyss is the abyss that he had created with his axe. Legend has it that the battle axe Pangu used had cracked after he split the heavens and the earth had one part of the axe fall within Pangu’s Abyss. Obtaining this piece gives one the opportunity to recreate a godly weapon. Since the ancient times, many humans have coveted this piece but have lost their lives within this abyss. Masses of strong magical beasts have been lured to this area by the godly power. The Pangu Abyss is nine floors deep and is the grave of all greedy men 
After reading over the introduction of the map, Li Mu had a fiery expression in his eyes, “Pangu’s Axe?!” 
I smiled, “Yup. Looks like there’s a chance we can recreate Pangu’s Battle Axe… however, the prerequisite is that we pass through this map. Don’t forget this map’s difficulty level is above ours… furthermore, it’s an Epic Tier map. Before this, we have never encountered a map like this….” 
Wan Er smiled, “Either way, the opportunity is right in front of us. All that matters is whether or not we can grab onto it.” 
Matcha rode over and blinked a few times as she glanced around, “But, how do we get down there? The Pangu Abyss is so deep. Just standing here, I can’t even see a single floor….” 
I glanced downward as well, but all I could see was light reflecting off of the clouds. I could faintly hear the roar of a beast. However, I couldn’t see anything from the entrance, so I sent out a command, “Everyone, spread out. Find the entrance into Pangu’s Abyss!” 
“Yes sir!” 
The hundred players from [Zhan Long] spread out. After searching for 20 minutes, we still couldn’t find anything. In the end, Wan Er squinted and said, “How about we do the usual. Tie some vines?” 
I nodded, “Ok, let’s try it out!” 
Wang Jian looked around and said, “All of the plants around Pangu Abyss have been burned to death. We can only find them outside. But….” 
He walked to the border of the flames and picked up a plant and then threw it. “Ts ts” The vine was instantly burned by the flame. He spread out his arms and said, “Brother Xiao Yao, you’ve seen it. That won’t work. What do we do?” 
I grit my teeth. I raised my hand and pulled my Zhen Yue Sword out. I then lept off my horse and said, “Then there’s no way. We’ll just have to go down by climbing and stabbing our weapons into the cliff. This map just doesn’t want to give us an easy way to enter!” 
Li Mu and Wang Jian both got off their mounts. They pulled out their weapons. Even though they didn’t have Twin Blade Style. However, they could still climb without a problem with just a blade in one hand. The only problem was that their left hands didn’t have any attack power or stat increases.
Wan Er, Qing Qian, Matcha, and Yao Yan all pulled out their close combat weapons. Dong Cheng on the other hand could only stand there in frustration, “Then… then what should a cloth armor player like me do? We can hold swords, but our strength isn’t enough. We can’t stab it through the cliff!” 
I smiled, “That’s easy, Every heavy armor player will take a cloth armor along with them….” 
Dong Cheng smiled and dashed over. She then grabbed my collar and smiled, “Alright. How about I go with our guildmaster. No one can argue with that….” 
I was a little embarrassed. I looked over to Wan Er. She grinned, “Pig, hurry up. Be careful, don’t drop Dong Cheng….” 
“Ok!”
I leapt into the empty space. Then, with my left hand, “Keng!” I pierced my Zhen Yue Sword into the cliff. Then, with my Dragon Reservoir Sword, I crossed it with my Zhen Yue Sword and tried to climb downward. Above me, Wan Er was taking Darling Duck, while Li Mu took Thousand League, and Wang Jian took Thousand Suns. One after another, they slowly climbed down. 
I turned around to look, but the fog in the abyss was too thick.  I couldn’t see ten meters past. This was too frustrating. Dong Cheng tightly clung to me on my back. She pressed her snow white face on the crook of my neck and smiled, “Trying to take this opportunity to take advantage?” 
I raised my hand and let out a Dragon’s Hook and increased the speed of our descent, “Dong Cheng, you’re the Number two most beautiful girl in Liu Hua University. Please be more dignified. If you’re like this, then all of the people crushing on you will be miserable!” 
Dong Cheng giggled, “Who cares about them?” 
I was nearly choked to death from her response. I quickly descended. After falling around 200 meters, I finally saw the first floor of Pangu’s Abyss. The stone path was red hot. There were crowds of ox headed people carrying battle axes as they roamed the area. There was one right below us. My Dragon Hook shuddered and I charged downward. I raised both of my swords and dealt a five attack [Combo]! 
“Peng peng peng….” 
Sparks flew and the Ancient Minotaur actually defended. It raised its leg for a kick, shattering my defense. I threw my blade and activated [Fierce Ice Blade]+[Wind Blade]. Both passed through the Ancient Minotaur’s body. At the same time, I summoned my Ancient Heavenly Tiger God to assist. Tilting its head, it rubbed against Dong Cheng’s face. “Alright Dong Cheng, why don’t you come here and help me kill monsters….”  
Dong Cheng leapt up and raised her staff, dealing an [Indigo Sea Arro]+[Magma Lance]. This Level 115 Titan Tier Ancient Minotaur cried out. Under my [Combo] it fell to its knees. At the same time, it dropped a card. Not bad luck, I actually got one——
[Ancient Minotaur Card] :Increases the user’s attack power and defense by 20%. Lasts 120 minutes. Required: Level 100+ 
The stats weren’t bad. It would be useful for grinding monsters. 
I looked up and saw Wan Er bring Darling Duck down. However, I heard Li Mu grunt, “Guildmaster, be careful. Ah Lei that kid accidentally fell…” 
I was stunned. All I could see was a dark shadow start falling down. It was Dong Cheng Lei holding his battle axe. He was already diving down towards us. Without another word, I retreated several steps and then charged forward. “Shua!” I grabbed Dong Cheng Lei’s arm and pointed my left arm at the cliff. I activated my Dragon’s Hook, bringing the two of us swinging towards the wall. This way, Dong Cheng Lei wouldn’t fall to his death. 
“Hu….” 
Despite Dong Cheng Lei’s bravery, his face had turned purple with fear, “That rock really is too weak to even stand. I had actually broke it off. Thankfully, Brother Xiao Yao is fast. Otherwise, I would’ve been turned into a meat pancake…” 
Before he even finished, another person fell. This time it was Fox. Wan Er activated [Hermit God’s Arrival] to save him. This trek was incredibly dangerous.
When everyone was standing on the floor again, Wan Er exchanged glances with me. Looks like we don’t have time to be idle. 
