
Chapter 651 [Ice Domain]'s WeaknessThis time, Wan Er's attacks were complicated and numerous. Taking advantage of the stun, she rapidly thrusted her two daggers forward like lightning. A purple light shined over its blade. She dealt five consecutive hits that did no damage. This was the fifth advancement skill of Assassins--[Defense Breaker]. Every attack would let the user ignore 10% of the target's defense, to a maximum of five times. This also meant that the present Drunken Moment's defense was only 50% of what it was before Wan Er's eyes. 
Following that, the ornament on Wan Er's neck faintly glowed. Its special skill, [Struggle of Life and Death], activated. That would raise her attack power and attack speed by 50%. In the next second, Drunken Moment woke up, and what was waiting for him was Wan Er's quick [Blade of the Death God]+[Chain Attack]+ 3 normal attacks, dealing a total of 13 attacks!
"Sha sha..."
She finished using an entire set of skills. The little miss didn't bother to wait and see if she killed her opponent. She immediately retreated, and raised her hand to use a [Flying Dagger]!
"Ah!"
Drunken Moment slowly fell to his knees as his health bar emptied. Even if he had [Dragon Blood]+[Divine Rock Armor], he was still killed. Shock and confusion clouded his eyes. Just like that, he had given us a point
2:0！
Our score was stable now! 
For the third match, Qing Qian went into battle. Her opponent was also an assassin, Misty Rain , who was Level 114. 
In a showdown between two assassin, everything depended on the who could discover the other person's position first. Although Qing Qian was young, her game experience was considerably abundant, especially in regards to her experience in fights between assassins. After almost twenty seconds, she went on the offensive and stabbed the opponent, forcing him out of stealth mode. Following that, she clung to him, not giving him a chance to disappear again. Finally, she used [Defense Breaker]+[Chain Attack] to directly instakill the opponent. 
The fourth round was a 2v2 fight. It was Wan Er and I VS Drunken Moment+Dawn of Purgatory. This match was even more simple. I charged forward, while Wan Er sneak attacked. We first killed Drunken Moment, then used the [Dragon's Whistle of Thunder and Lightning] BUFF to raise the attack of both of us. After we killed Drunken Moment, the tank, it wasn’t difficult to win the match. 
The final round was a 5v5, and the five people from both teams were teleported into the battlefield together. 
Qing Qian blinked and asked,, "Brother Xiao Yao, what’s our battle plan?” 
I cooly said, "Just do what we did before. I'll use [Ice Domain] to freeze them, then charge into their group and use [Halberd Flame] and [Sword Tempest]. Wan Er will cooperate with Dong Cheng and kill off Dawn of Purgatory first. His long distance killing capabilities are too strong. Darling Duck, prioritize protecting yourself!"
The four beautiful ladies nodded their heads together. As soon as the countdown ended, I immediately charged out. As I dashed forward, I activated [Ice Domain]!
"Peng!"
  
A frosty energy engulfed the entire battlefield. However, I would never have thought that the opposing Healer would give herself an [Anti-Magic Shield], and cause the freezing effect to MISS. After that, she raised her magic staff and instantly fired off a [Purification], enacting a scene that I would never have thought of to occur. The group purify actually nullified my freezing effect, and the [Ice Domain] tactic was broken. This was a bad sign. Other people would now know how to counter my group freezing tactic after watching the recording of this battle.
Nevermind, I’ll discuss it after this battle!
I threw a heavy strike onto the Drunken Moment’s shield. The slice activated [Halberd Flame]. Following that, I activated [Sword Tempest]. However, Dawn of Purgatory dodged Qing Qian's [Grip of the Firefox] as did Misty Rain. This was all a consequence of [Ice Domain] being purified. 
Luckily, everything was still fine. Dong Cheng and Wan Er's skill at pursuit and kill were still impressive. Dawn of Purgatory was instakilled by [Blade of the Death God]+[Flame Beast Burst Raid]. While Misty Rain and Drunken Moment attempted to forcefully kill me. However, I  crossed my swords in front of my chest and knelt down on one leg, assuming a defensive stance. My body was pushed back by the attacks, but my health still remained above 70%. Once Wan Er returned after killing Dawn of Purgatory, she and I dealt a two pronged counter attack, flipping the odds against Drunken Moment and Misty Rain. Easily allowing us to kill the  mage and the healer. Our five man team KOed our opponents without a single loss. 
It was another 5:0. The momentum of our [Zhan Long]'s main team was simply too strong. We practically defeated all of our opponents by sweeping them away!
"Ding!"
System Notification: Congratulations, the [Xiao Yao Zi Zai] team that you are in has successfully advanced into the 15th round of the competition! As long as you can obtain victory in this last match, your team will obtain the qualifications to participate in the next finals of the Chinese Servers!
……
"Hee hee..."
Qing Qian leaned against the window, as she said, "It seems like our spot is quite stable. As long as we don't meet Fang Ge Que, Q-Sword or Yan Zhao Warrior's teams, our chances of getting into the finals are basically set!"
I leaned against the wall next to Qing Qian's leg and looked at the empty battlefield. I laughed, "Even if we meet Fang Ge Que, Q-Sword or Uncle Yan Zhao's teams, what about it? As long as we are careful in our fights against them, we can still step upon their corpses to reach the champion seat!"
Wan Er giggled, "Oh? You’ve only gleaned some superficial knowledge of the Pulse Break Style, and you have the guts to be so arrogant? Pig, tell me, who gave you the courage to say that you can beat Fang Ge Que's team?"
I thought about it for a moment, "You have to think like this. If we meet Fang Ge Que's team, we just have to arrange our formation logically. We can let Dong Cheng fight against Fang Ge Que, since throwing away one point doesn't matter, while you and I can fight against Lu Chun Yang and Enchanting Charm. That way our chances of victory will be much higher, and we’ll get two points. As for the 2v2, I can go aggro them while you ambush them from behind.  The chances of killing Fang Ge Que won't be small in that situation either. After killing Fang Ge Que, Enchanting Charm shouldn't be too much of a threat alone. Even if we lose the 2v2, we still have the 5v5..."
Dong Cheng glared at me with her beautiful eyes, "Li Xiao Yao, you big bastard! Why do I have to go up against Fang Ge Que? Am I the abandoned horse in Tian Ji's race?"
TL Note: Tian Ji is in a horse race. He lets one of his horses lose to win the other two races. 
I rubbed my nose and laughed, "It's not like that, you're thinking too much..."
Wan Er smiled, "You can say it like that, but there are too many variables that can change when the actual battle comes. Fang Ge Que's magic control and killing ability is simply too strong, and we don't have the assurance that we’ll win against him. Besides, if you meet Fang Ge Que, while Dong Cheng meets Enchanting Charm, then we'll basically have lost, isn’t that right?"
I leaned my forehead against my hand and smied, "Then we'll just have to pray that Q-Sword beats Fang Ge Que's team during the semifinals. After that we’ll just beat Q-Sword's team in the finals..."
Wan Er stuck out her plump chest, and joked, "Humph, you got scared fast..."
Darling Duck was stunned as she said, "So many of our main players are scared, why do I feel that our prospects in team Xiao Yao Zi Zai aren't looking good..."
Qing Qian sighed, "Brother Xiao Yao has no integrity..."
……
At that moment, subtitles suddenly started flashing across the big screen. Quickly, the matchup for the next round appeared. It was another extremely strong team, [House of Prestige]'s second team. However, after looking at them, it seemed like they weren't as strong as [Legend]'s second team--
 1v1: Xiao Yao Zi Zai-Level 119 Dragon Rider VS Rejecterr-Level 114 Mage
1v1: Cang Tong-Level 117 Hermit God VS Quicksand Finger-Level 113 Swordsman
1v1: Cang Yue-Level 117 Mage VS Conqueror -Level 114 Swordsman
2v2: Cang Yue-Level 117 Hermit God & Cang Yue-Level 117 Mage VS Quicksand Finger-Level 113 Swordsman & Conqueror-Level 114 Swordsman
5V5：ALL　VS　ALL
……
"Haha..."
I looked up at the big screen and laughed,  "Two Swordsmen, a typical explosive power driven battle tactic. They don't even have one person that can resist attacks, and...they're actually sending out a mage as the first person. Are they that confident in the solo capabilities of their mage?"
Qing Qian laughed, "Perhaps, they were also observing the team compositions of the 64 strongest teams. After that, they felt that they had a chance of meeting us. Plus, after they saw our team, they felt that Brother Xiao Yao was still a noob, so they sent out a Mage to control you...Brother Xiao Yao, you must know that the kiting capabilities of the three consecutive teleportations of [Dimensional Leap] is quite strong. Of course, against a player like you that has [Defeat the Dragon], this might not be true..."
Wan Er pursed her red lips and said, "Yup, Pig shouldn't have much of a problem beating this Mage."
I confidently laughed, "This is too simple. I'll just use long distance attacks to force out his three [Dimensional Leap]s, then use [Defeat the Dragon] to grab him over, and then slaughter him..."
Darling Duck was speechless, "A team like ours that's so violent, indeed...I would sincerely not wish to meet it. It would simply be a nightmarish fight..”
Dong Cheng patted Darling Duck's shoulder, and smiled majestically, "Darling, don't worry, your sisters will take care of you!"
Darling Duck: "..."
……
Very soon, I entered the battlefield!
"Swoosh!"
I was teleported into the battlefield, where a mage stood before me with the insignia of [House of Prestige] on his shoulder. It was Rejecter. This person's ID was somewhat familiar. I seemed to have met him during the fierce battle at the Green Qilin Valley. However...my Dragon Reservoir Sword had killed countless enemies then. Even if I had killed him, I most likely would've already forgotten about him. I only remembered who won the fight. Who would remember insignificant IDs? 
Rejecter's gaze trembled as he looked at me. Even his hands trembled as he gripped his staff. He smiled, "Xiao Yao Zi Zai, [Zhan Long]'s guild leader, ahhhh..."
I didn't say anything, and lightly propped my blade on the ground, waiting for the system countdown.
“3！”
“2！”
“1！”
With a wave of my Dragon Reservoir Sword, I charged through the midway point of the battlefield, and quickly activated skills. At the same time, the Brilliant Fire Emperor was automatically unsheathed, and spun at Refuser under the use of [Blade Spin]. 
"Pu!"
The first spin penetrated him, lowering the toughness of his [Mana Shield] by 43%. At the same time, my right hand spread out. [Binding Chains]!
"Ah?"
"Ah?!"
Rejecter was stunned, and helplessly used his [Dimensional Leap] to try and dodge it. However, when he appeared in the next position, I arrived there once again. I pushed my left hand forward, activating [Great Realm of Desolation]!
He used his second [Dimensional Leap]. The Brilliant Fire Emperor still carried the energy of [Blade Spin] as it followed him like a shadow. I chuckled, and slid forward, pivoting my body in the right direction. At the same time, my body slightly trembled with excitement, and gathered energy into my arm. I threw a [Seven Star Fragment Slash] with my Dragon Reservoir Sword to intercept him. 
“MISS！”
The third [Dimensional Leap] was used!
When he had finished using all three of his [Dimensional Leap]s, I decisively opened my hand, activating the special skill of my Divine Dragon Slaying Arms!
"Swoosh!"
Rejecter was pulled directly to me. At the same time, a golden light explosively flowed out into my surroundings. This was the activation effect of a Heavenly Tier skill. A Level 11 [Combo] landed on him. The first four hits broke his shield, and the last two attacks took out a greater part of his health. With a "Pa", I caught the returning Brilliant Fire Emperor, and slashed out, cutting down the fellow who was howling before me.
1:0！
Sure enough, this was much simpler than beating [Legend]'s second team. 
……
