
[]  []  []
Chapter 128 – Qi Faction
This chapter was sponsored by William Wang! Thanks! 
TL: The NEXT chapter will have adult content… If you would like to skip it, I will be posting a summary of the chapter at the top of the chapter.
“Damn, Jian Feng Han established a guild now…”
Standing in the middle of Ba Huang City, I clenched my fists and stood there silently.
On the side, Yue Qing Qian blinked with her large eyes, raised her head and smiled at me, “Xiao Yao, Jian Feng Han has finally established a guild now. For now, [Vanguard] will probably portray themselves as the #1 guild in Ba Huang City to get the other guilds to submit to them. You are a thorn in Jian Feng Han’s eyes, have you thought of what you’re going to do?”
I tightly grasped my sword handle and quietly said, “I’ll move accordingly. If Feng Han uses his guild to try to push me into a corner, then I can only fight to the death. This game is an important part of my life and I, Li Xiao Yao, will never give in!”
Yue Qing Qian smiled and nodded, “Mm, I like that kind of attitude of yours. Don’t worry, if Jian Feng Han really makes a move, then I’ll immediately leave [Prague] to protect you…”
I looked at her and couldn’t help but smile, “Normally, it should be me protecting you, but why is it that now you are the one protecting me?”
“Isn’t it the same…”
“Okay…”
……
After chatting for a while, I parted ways with Yue Qing Qian. Not too long later, Fox returned to the city to clear all the equipment in my bag. We estimated that it would sell for a few hundred gold coins, which was equivalent to a few thousand Yuan. In the game, you could earn quite a handful if you were able to get the loot in a large guild battle.
Later, at 7:30 that night, di, I received a message from the beautiful m’lady Lin Wan Er, “Li Xiao Yao…”
“Hm?” I opened the chat window, “Wan Er, have you finished leveling? I’ll go down right now and wait for you and Cheng Yue…”
“No need, there’s something up today, so we won’t be eating at school….”
“Oh? What’s up?” I asked, astounded.
Wan Er faintly smiled, “It’s nothing much, but my dad decided on a whim to go out and eat dinner together today and he told me to bring you with us. It’s at First Heaven Restaurant. We’ll leave in 10 minutes, and we’re not bringing Cheng Yue today~”
“Hm, First Heaven Restaurant, that’s the most extravagant restaurant in the West Lake area right?”
“Yeah, he emphasized that…”
“It’s fine, I haven’t been there before anyways…”
“Okay, come down quickly and we’ll head there.”
“Okay!”
……
I left the game and took a deep breath. Sitting up from the bed, I fixed my lapel. I stood in front of the mirror and saw an upright, young man, wearing an inferior brand of clothes and going to First Heaven Restaurant to eat…
“Li Brat?!”
Glasses called from behind me, “I don’t usually see you looking in the mirror; what are you up to this time? Looking at your usual sloppy self, you don’t look in the mirror even when you go to dinner with Lin Wan Er. What’s the occasion today?”
I smiled, “It’s nothing, what’s your level right now?”
“Level 46, what about you?”
“Level 50….”
“Lies! Shoo!”
“…”
Who cares about him, time to go!
A cooling breeze blew in the schoolyard and below the girl’s dorm, Wan Er appeared with a brown woman’s suit on top and a small skirt. Her snow-white long legs were as charming as always and she smiled, “Let’s go!”
I received the car keys from her and before long an Audi TT rolled out of the school. Within 20 minutes, we arrived at the First Heaven Restaurant in the West Lake area. This was the most famous restaurant at the edge of this scenic area, and I heard that you needed to spend at least 5000 for one meal. Incomparable luxury.
I stopped the car and walked shoulder to shoulder with Lin Wan Er on a small path filled with small red lanterns. There weren’t a lot of people eating here since in reality there weren’t many people who could afford to spend this much money on food.
A sweet smelling fragrance tickled my nose. This was Wan Er’s unique scent. I stole a glance at her, and she was indeed very beautiful with her bright eyes and white teeth. Today, her clothes made her look exceptionally refined, and it added a kind of mature disposition to the usual pure image she exuded. Wan Er had been exposed to the society at a very young age. By the tender age of 16, she had already released her Heart of Time Album, which was a hit in the southern regions. The kind of grace that radiated from her was something you could not find in other ladies, including Dong Cheng Yue.
“Li Xiao Yao, I heard that you got caught up in a group fight today?” Wan Er suddenly spun around and looked at me.
I immediately looked away, afraid she might notice that I was sneaking peeks at her. Wan Er’s mouth rose slightly as she tried not to smile. She could read minds, so how would she not know that I was looking at her? So stupid of me…
“Cough…” I scratched my nose and said, “Today I helped the General Family finish a mission, but who would have thought we would be surrounded by [Flying Dragons] guild. So left without a choice, we could only fight back. Luckily, we had high-class players who allowed us to win despite having a numerical disadvantage…”
Wan Er pursed her red lips and smiled: “Of course, any battle with Xiao Yao Zi Zai will become an instant hot topic on the < > forums. You have a lot of fans right now, especially those naive 15-17 year old girls…They say you’re so handsome, but you…”
She tilted her head and looked at me, smiling, “I can’t see any part of you that’s handsome though?”
I felt embarrassed, “Those are just passing words, nothing important…”
……
We arrived, and immediately a waitress came and welcomed us, “Excuse me, but are you two Miss Lin Wan Er and Mr. Li Xiao Yao?”
“That’s right,” Wan Er nodded politely.
“Mr. Lin is already waiting, please come this way…”
“Okay, thank you!”
……
The First Heaven Restaurant was a restaurant that took on the concept of a flower garden. After passing through a flower garden, the main hall was right in front of us. The waitress smiled, “This is the room that you two will be in…”
Opening the door, a 50 years or so old, man was sitting across a huge round table; it was Lin Tian Nan. Full of vigor with unreadable eyes, this was the chairman of the Tian Xin Corporation, an important person. He was also Wan Er’s father and my employer.
“Wan Er, you’re here!”
Lin Tian Nan stood up and pulled out a chair. With a smile, he said, “Come and sit down. I have already ordered some food; we’ll be able to eat soon. Judging by your state, you must have been immersed in Destiny all day? Are you hungry yet?
Wan Er placed her purse next to her father and sat down while sticking her tongue out, laughing like a child, “Actually I didn’t really spend the whole day on Destiny, just most of the day. Speaking of which, what dishes did you order Dad, is there anything I like?”
Lin Tian Nan couldn’t help but laugh, “Don’t worry, they’re all your favorite dishes….”
“Okay, okay…”
……
I stood off to the side with both hands behind my back. From the start, Lin Tian Nan didn’t spare a single glance at me. I had to abide by the responsibilities of a bodyguard. While they ate their meals, I could only watch!
With another glance, I saw that there were two more youngsters dressed in black suits opposite of me who were standing with the same amount of discipline that I showed. There was no doubt that these were Lin Tian Nan’s bodyguards. There was no way an important figure like Lin Tian Nan would head out without a bodyguard. Based on their presence, these two youngsters were about to break through the Refined body level and into the realm of the Lian Qi level.
“Li Xiao Yao!”
After a few minutes of Lin Tian Nan’s spoiling his treasured daughter, he finally spared me a glance and said, “You are also playing Destiny right? How strong are you? You aren’t a burden to Wan Er, are you?”
With a low voice, “I am a Lv 50 Swordsman, Mr. Lin!”
Wan Er bent over giggling with a smile, “Father, how can you two talk so seriously like this? Can you please not look so sullen? This isn’t fun at all….”
Lin Tian Nan gave a tiny smile, “Okay. Li Xiao Yao, come over and sit down too. Aside from calling you both out, I also invited a grand master to come and eat together with us today.”
“Oh, who?” Wan Er asked curiously.
“Your uncle Huang.”
“Uncle Huang?” Wan Er’s eyes opened in surprise, “I think I was only 12 the last time I saw him. Where did he go for so many years?”
Lin Tian Nan laughed, “He is carefree like a cloud and flies about the world like a crane. Only the heavens know where he traveled to. This time, he said that he misses his dear niece, and that’s why he came to visit. Otherwise, do you think that I’ll find him?”
I listened with confusion, and sat down in silence.
Wan Er seemed to have seen my doubts, giving a laugh to explain, “Uncle Huang is my father’s close friend for many years. He is called Huang Ning. I got to know him when I was very young, and he is a pretty nice person. However, it has been a long time since I last saw him.”
I nodded my head, “Oh…”
……
At that moment, the doors suddenly opened with a “squeak” automatically despite having no wind blowing on them. A middle aged man holding a paper fan and wearing a black traditional Chinese jacket entered the room swiftly. Without moving his hands, the two doors once again closed shut.
“Uh…” The two bodyguards look dumbfounded, as if they had seen a ghost.
My eyebrows furrowed as I felt the airflow quicken, indeed, this person was really a master, a Lian Qi Master!
“Uncle Huang!” Wan Er stood up politely
The person that came gave a big laugh, “Oh, how seven years have come and gone! Wan Er has already grown from that little girl into such a beautiful woman! Old friend Lin, ah! What kind of good karma have you accumulated in your previous life to be blessed with such a beautiful daughter!”
Lin Tian Nan stood up laughing, “Oh stop poking fun at me, come here, sit!”
Huang Ning looked at me again and a glint of caution flirted across his eyes: “This brat…”
I stood up and nodded: “Hello, I’m the bodyguard of Lin Wan Er, my name is Li Xiao Yao!”
“Good, good, good!” Huang Ning said three goods before wincing his eyes to look at me; “Your Qi is hidden yet your Qi Paths are strong and powerful. Your strength isn’t bad…”
The edge of my mouth curved upwards, he’s here to test me? I smiled: “It’s nothing, I just exercise a lot.”
“Mm, come sit…”
……
The restaurant started bringing up the dishes and Lin Tian Nan stood up with a bottle of good wine to personally fill our cups, saying: “It’s rare for old friends to meet, come, let’s drink!”
I didn’t move.
“Li Xiao Yan, why aren’t you drinking?” Lin Tian Nan stared at me.
I shook my head, “The wine is at 57 degrees and will affect my decision making. For Lin Wan Er’s safety, I cannot drink it!”
“It’s alright, today’s a safe day!”
“Uhh… Alright then…”
Without an excuse, I finished the cup of wine in front of me.
……
After I drank, Huang Ning stared at me: “Li Xiao Yao, your Qi power is very peaceful, unlike others. Could I ask you who’s your teacher?”
I paused while Lin Wan Er besides me nodded, as if urging me to expose my secrets…
I furrowed my brows and replied: “Wu Dang Hou San.”
TL: Wu Tang is a huge martial arts temple in China, rivaling Shaolin
“Oh?’
Huang Ning smiled: “So its Wu Dang. To be training in this new world is quite rare but Wu Dang is split into a Qi faction and Sword faction, which one are you in?”
I paused again: “Qi faction…”
“Then you know Ling Cheng?”
“No, I DON’T know him!”
“Ohh….”
……
Ling Cheng, that old geezer. I don’t freaking know him at all!
I curled my fists and a scene floated into my mind –
“Brat, how much do you still remember from what I just taught you?”
“I remember a majority of it, teacher!”
“Good, how much do you remember now?”
“I forgot a majority of it!”
“Pretty good, how about now, how much do you remember?”
“I forgot all of it teacher!”
“Great! Great! I taught you the wrong thing so I’ll reteach it right now!”
“F***!”
TL: Forgetting a technique was a scene in Jin Yong’s book and the purpose of the technique was so that the student would forget the technique but retain the meaning behind the technique…
Done by Hello, Deception, GGP, and Based Jessica!
[]  []  []

