
[]  []  []
Chapter 196 – A Little Payback
Translated by: Deception
Edited by: Hendricksen-sama, Zephir, Based Jessica, and Video!
Final Check: Zdog, GGP
This chapter was sponsored by Hab Hak! Thanks!
“I remember… Mu Tian is one of the players from [Flying Dragon]. If he wants to buy a Guild Creation Tablet, then could it be he wants to split away from [Flying Dragon] and form his own guild? How odd…”
“No…” Yue Qing Qian laughed, “In fact, after Soaring Dragon forced [Valiant Bravery] to disband, [Flying Dragon]’s reputation skyrocketed. Soaring Dragon’s ambition is higher than the sky itself and [Flying Dragon] is already planning to create their first sub-guild. After all, the maximum number of people a guild can have is 10,000 people. [Flying Dragon] has been getting invite requests from tens of thousands of people so they can’t accommodate everyone with a single guild. They would need three or four sub-guilds at the very least.”
I nodded, “So that’s how it is…”
Yue Qing Qian gave a quiet laugh with her lips, “Brother Xiao Yao, give me an answer, are you going to take this deal or not? The transaction is a very big secret, aside from me and you, there aren’t many people that know about it. Luo Mu wants to hog the 300000 RMB to himself, hmph! If Uncle Yan Zhao found out, he would explode with anger…”
I clenched my hand into a fist, “This Guild Creation Tablet is ours, we’ll wait for him to finish the transaction before we strike. Let’s have [Flying Dragon] pay for our Guild Creation Tablet and this will be our payback for them disbanding [Valiant Bravery]!”
Yue Qing Qian laughed, “Hehee, Luo Mu and Mu Tian won’t be bringing too many people; at the most they’ll only bring 10 players they trust. Brother Xiao Yao, how many people are you planning to bring?”
Without hesitation, I said, “I’ll be going solo! If you were to go with me Qing Qian, wouldn’t Yan Zhao Warrior reprimand you?”
“I’m not afraid…” The corner of Yue Qing Qian’s mouth raises, smiling, “Once you establish Zhan Long, I’ll immediately quit [Prague]. There won’t be any type of relation between Uncle Yan Zhao and me anymore. Even if he tries to lash out at me, it’ll be alright if Brother Xiao Yao is there!”
I nodded, “Of course, you will be one of my people once you join and if he wants to start something, we’ll just have to see if he has the skills to back it up!”
“Okay then, when will we head on over to set up the strike?”
“We’ll head over now to set up an ambush. Yue Qing Qian, you’ll have to keep on using [Stealth]!”
“Okay, invite me to your party!”
“Yea!”
……
Immediately getting up to repair my equipment, I brought out some Pardon Cards and health potions and headed out out the city alone.
I entered the verdant Ba Huang Forest alone and leapt into the bushes while my [Camouflage] skill activated automatically. A mysterious glow enveloped my body and concealed me inside the bushes. This skill really gave the player invisibility. Tsk, this [Camouflage] skill is so wretched, though I can’t help but be fond of it…As long as I am within a bush, I gained Assassin-like stealth. If I were to be found, all I needed to do was to take a few steps back and I would become invisible once more.
Throughout the journey, I didn’t call out my pet even once. Instead, I kept traveling between bushes. My Purple Dawn Boots and Leg Guards of the Beast were being scratched by all of the thorns but for the Guild Creation Tablet, I’d bear these minor hardships!
11:32 at the pre-determined coordinates.
“Shua!”
By my side, a beautiful figure flickered into view; it was Yue Qing Qian. The little girl was wearing completely scarlet leather armor and her ample body was even more appealing than before. To look like this at the age of 17, when she grows up she’ll have to deal with so much attention…
“Brother Xiao Yao?” She c**ked her head sideways while looking at me, her body was still somewhat hidden but because I was her party leader, I could see her perfectly well.
“Yes.”
I pointed a finger in front of us, “They’ll probably be making the transaction right over there and I’m sure it’ll be over in a flash. Qing Qian, let’s move back a bit, around 50 meters. Stay hidden so that right after the transaction is completed, and Mu Tian decides to use a return scroll, we’ll have a brief opportunity to interrupt his return and take the Guild Creation Tablet!”
“Got it.” Yue Qing Qian brought up her hands from her waist, revealing a dark green dagger that glistened. “I’ll attack with Brother Xiao Yao and stun those who would try and attack you…”
“Okay!”
……
Moving 50 yards away from the coordinates and into some nearby bushes, I crouched down in silence while fidgeting with my sword hilt. My other hand carefully touched the ground while I started to breathe somewhat irregularly. In 20 minutes, people will start to arrive with 300000 RMB for the Guild Creation Tablet. This was far too important for Zhan Long and had a very significant meaning. If we could take the Guild Creation Tablet from [Flying Dragon] and use it to create Zhan Long, wouldn’t that be the ultimate form of revenge?
The news Yue Qing Qian had given me was really important, if I didn’t have her help, I wouldn’t have known about this huge transaction taking place in the dead of the night! If this was also happening inside the city walls, so there wouldn’t have been a chance to stop it even if I did know about it.
“Brother Xiao Yao…”
Yue Qing Qian looked at me with her huge gleaming eyes with astonishment, “Brother Xiao Yao, why is it that your current status invisibility? When did Swordsmen become able to hide themselves, we Assassins will be out of a job if that happens…”
I gave a slight chuckle and waved my hand to share the effects of [Camouflage] with her. Immediately, the beautiful Qing Qian laughed, “[Camouflage], so it’s something like this…this must be the reward you got for being the MVP in the Guild Prestige Battle…”
“Yea, this skill is quite good, it means that in the future, I can assassinate someone easily in the jungle.”
“Yes yes, good luck!” Yue Qing Qian grabbed my left hand, her pretty face showing a trace of indignation. “I saw the Guild Prestige Battle between [Valiant Bravery] and [Flying Dragon] from start to finish. Brother Xiao Yao, don’t you know? Everyone supports you and thinks you’re the strongest player around. If it weren’t for [Flying Dragon] hiring all those CBN rankers from Jiu Li City then [Valiant Bravery] would had been the winner…”
Looking away from her, I laughed to myself, “I’m a king if I win but a bandit if I lose. If I lose, then it’s my loss, fortunately, this is only a game, we still have an opportunity to reverse the tables back into our favor. It’s time for [Flying Dragon] to face the bitter consequences.”
TL: I’m a king if I win or bandit if lose is an idiom meaning that his reputation will be dictated based on whether he wins or loses.
“Yeah!” Yue Qing Qian nodded excitedly. “Starting from today, I will be with Brother Xiao Yao!”
“Haha, sure…”
“Shhh…” Yue Qing Qian’s lift her forefinger to mouth, “shhhh”, with a smile, “They’re here!”
……
In the distance, sounds emits from the bushes. Within a few seconds, a few dozen men came walking out of the forest. Standing in front of the open space on the ground, everyone’s shoulder had the insignia of [Prague]. The ringleader, Luo Mu, was there also.
“Boss, who are we selling the Guild Creation Tablet to? In Ba Huang City, the amount of people who could afford one aren’t too many….” An Archer asked.
Luo Mu held his sword hilt with a single hand, stating monotonously, “You don’t have to worry about that, just wait for your cut of the money.”
The Archer laughed, “Just saying but if we sell the Guild Creation Tablet in private and don’t give [Prague] 20% of the transaction fee. Won’t the Guild Master find out and get angry at us?”
Luo Mu grinned, “Don’t worry about him, this Guild Creation Tablet was achieved only after dozens of our comrades lives were sacrificed. Why do we need to give 20% of the profit to the guild? The rules are meant to be bent. I refuse to give it up. If Yan Zhao wants to eliminate me, then we will take out our group of 500 people and leave. No big deal anyway.”
“Yes, Boss is wise!”
……
Two minutes later, another group of players came out from the forest, it was [Flying Dragon]’s members. Mu Tian walk out in the front holding his cyan sword with a smile on his face. “Yo, brother Luo Mu is right on time!”
Luo Mu smiled, “Not too bad, Mu Tian, did you bring enough money?”
“I brought enough!”
“You also brought many people with you…” Luo Mu looked behind Mu Tian, “Five of the 13 Eagles of [Vanguard]. Heh, you really think highly of me. Are all these men here to help protect the Guild Creation Tablet or to rob it?”
Mu Tian laughed, “I brought the 13 Eagles to protect myself. After all, we are currently standing outside of the city areas. I’m not so confident I could protect the Guild Creation Tablet by myself! Come on then, let’s trade!”
“Of course!”
Luo Mu opened up the trading chat, and suddenly, the two symbols floated up from their heads signifying a transaction was taking place.
“Pa-da”
A ring sounded, the transaction was complete!
Yue Qing Qian brandished her daggers, “Brother Xiao Yao, it’s time!”
“Hold up!”
I quickly reached out and pulled her back into the bush, “Wait up, I’m not too sure they actually completed the transaction yet.”
……
Sure enough, in the open space ahead. Mu Tian gave an awkward smile, “Wait a moment please; my account balance is 10,000 short of 300,000. Give me half a minute and we’ll complete the transaction for sure; the money will be sent immediately!”
“Understood!” Luo Mu nodded.
Yue Qing Qian blinked in surprise then punched me with a laugh, “Wow, I almost went out on impulse. Brother Xiao Yao is quite the experienced person, always so cautious…”
Smiling, I said, “One has to be careful, otherwise, I’d be dead a long time ago.”
……
Another trade was set up and the transaction was completed!
Mu Tian took a few steps back, the 13 Eagles members stepping up to protect him as he unraveled a return scroll. “Thank you brother Luo Mu! I’ll be going now, I hope this will mark the beginning of a beautiful friendship between [Flying Dragon] and [Prague]!
Smiling faintly, Luo Mu answered, “Yes, of course, I wouldn’t want to go to war with your guild!”
……
“It’s time!”
Right at the moment Mu Tian started the spell to return to the city, I immediately rushed out towards him. My Frost Rain Sword rose in the air as I advanced while my other hand made contact with the ground. “Pa!” [Binding Chains] came exploding out from the ground and wrapped around Mu Tian’s legs, automatically interrupting Mu Tian’s return scroll!
“Crap, it’s an ambush!”
One of the Swordsman from the 13 Eagles hastily pulled out his sword and activated a [Combo]. Dodging to the side to avoid two hits, I activated my own skill at the same time, the [Shield of the Crimson Dragon]!
Several attacks hit my shoulder continuously but it did almost no damage to me. Stabbing forward with my Frost Rain Sword, it penetrated Mu Tian’s breastplate and I activated my Lv 6 [Combo]!
“Bang bang bang…”
With the successful strikes, Mu Tian’s health dropped straight away. He was insta-killed!
“Pa-ta…”
As he sunk to his knees, his eyes widen and he stares at me, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai, why are you here?”
I didn’t answer but instead looked at the equipment and items he dropped. Picking up the golden tablet, I told myself: Motherf*cker, we finally did it, the Guild Creation Tablet given to [Flying Dragon] was finally in our hands! Mu Tian was too kind, to give us this Guild Creation Tablet…
……
“Pa!”
Behind me, a [Scattered Shot] had stunned me as another one of the 13 Eagles swung at me with his sword. Fortunately the [Shield of the Crimson Dragon]’s effect was still up, otherwise I definitely would been killed!
A cool breeze came over us as a beautiful figure flashed, it was Yue Qing Qian ambushing the other players. Stabbing two of the enemy players, she stunned both of the Archers. Dashing straight towards the third Archer, she applied a [Bleed] to him as well as two basic attacks, killing him instantly!
……
“Whew…”
I let out a breath of air in relief as I came out of my stunned state. Hastily casting [Heal] on myself and drinking a health potion, I cried out to Yue Qing Qian, “Qing Qian, let’s escape, stop fighting!”
……
“Sha…”
Both of us jumped into the bushes, [Camouflage] quickly activated making me appear invisible. Behind us, several people were stunned, “How…how did they disappear so quickly?”
Yue Qing Qian giggled in the party chat channel, “Brother Xiao Yao, did you succeed?”
I laughed joyously, “Yeah, I got it! Let’s return to Ba Huang City!”
“Okay!”
[]  []  []

