
[]  []  []
Chapter 44 – Dragon City
Ling Wan Er showed a smile, “Well, Li Xiao Yao, Dong Cheng and I are only accompanying you up to here. Since there are no more monsters ahead, we’ll be going back to Fan Shu City to train our pets. I hope you can rush to become the first healer to reach level 40…Oh, and don’t die…”
“……”
The two of them pulled out a city return scroll, and one by one they turned into white light and disappeared from my sight. I rubbed Baby Bobo’s head lightly and said, “Let’s go! Let’s show em how strong we get next time we meet! ”
……
I equipped a white staff dropped by a Polar bear. It had no properties except that it added 50+ points of attack damage, which was better than nothing. We kept moving forward through the snow towards the barren landscape.
“HouHou…..”
In the mountains, the cries of the wolves could be heard, but I didn’t think about them. They were a probably a bunch of high level wolves, me solo them? What a joke.
While I was in a valley, my body suddenly started shaking… I confirmed that it was not the cold, but the earth that was shaking! Shortly, the entire ground started to tremble!
“What is this?!” I held the staff firmly.
At this time, a huge figure appeared in the hills about a hundred meters away. It was at least 10 meters tall with a humongous stone hammer in its hand. The monster’s body was covered in green hair, and it had only one eye in the middle of its face, just like a Cyclops. Damn, it was a legendary monster!
“Pow!”
I decisively laid down under tall green bristlegrass that was around 20 cm tall and stared at the Cyclops from a distance. Level: ??, attribute:?? It was a good thing to stay far away from this monster, or else I would die in a blink of an eye!
“HouHou…..”
The Cyclops was roaring at a black tiger monster in front of it, whose body was covered in blood-red flames. The tiger opened its bloody jays and its hair stood up when it roared back with anger and fear.
The one-eyed giant madly roared back and sent its stone hammer out. With a bang, it hit the forehead of the giant beast, causing blood to splatter everywhere. The giant beast countered by using its claws to hit the left leg of the one-eyed giant, leaving several bloody scratches. A giant and a monster were having a death match near the border. Soon, the ground was completely dyed red from the fresh blood.
……
I gnashed my teeth, waiting for an opportunity. Once the two giants were low in health, I would go and… and…and what?! Those monsters had so much health and their levels were at least over 100, which meant Baby Bobo couldn’t even break their defense, and I was not interested in committing suicide…
Gnashing my teeth in anger while helplessly waiting there, the two monsters’ fight had become fiercer, with blood splattering everywhere.
After a few minutes, I heard another roar. I saw a barbarian with chains in hand flying down from the hills while yelling, “Evil livestock, how dare you act unruly in the wilderness of Dragon City? Come, let me kill you to feed the mouths of the hungry citizens of Dragon City! ”
Whoosh!
He suddenly sent out his chains and the spike went through the beast’s neck just like a gun, and instant killed it!
I stared at him, while trying to read his stats——
[Beast Tamer DaLin]
Level: ???
Attack: ???
Defense: ???
Health: ???
Skills: ???
Description: One of the guardians of Dragon City. Beast Tamer Dalin is responsible for cleaning up wild animals near Dragon City, allowing safe passage for convoys. Additionally, he is also responsible for training new soldiers, who are also known as the mighty warriors loyal only to Dragon City’s owner, [Luo Lin], and they will forever be loyal to him.
……
A Beast Tamer……??
I was confused but after looking at the map, I realized that the Dragon City was definitely in front of me. It was located hundreds of meters high up on the snowy mountains. Although it looked like it had been abandoned for thousands of years, it was actually filled with vitality. Gee, this was a miraculous city, I wonder if there were any dragon there!
While the thoughts were going through my mind, Dalin wielded his chains to surround the cyclops’ head, and then with a sudden pull, splat! The cyclops’ head got separated from his massive body, and rolled down dyeing the snow with a bloody crimson.
I ground my teeth and looked. Damn. I couldn’t even hurt this kind of boss level NPC!
Just then, I sensed danger around me and every nerve in my body told me to escape! Not good, I had been discovered!
Dragging my staff, I retreated. But Dalin drifted like a shadow towards me and with a bang, he crushed the snow in front of me. He growled while looking at me ferociously, “Son, who are you? Why did you come to Dragon City? Are you a spy from Fiery Cloud City? You ought to die!”
I took several steps back, and stood up straight, while flashing my arm badge. I then said in a shaky voice, “I……I am an adventurer from Ba Huang City, I’ve come here looking for someone!”
“Oh, really?”
The anger in Dalin’s eyes weakened and he said, “A Ba Huang City’s boy running to Dragon City to look for someone. Who are you trying to trick? Hmph, the world does not know the existence of Dragon City. They are all cowards! They don’t even dare to come north and to face these monsters! Heh, you must be lying!”
I responded: “Coward. Who’s a coward? I came here, and I can face the monsters. How is that considered to be how a coward acts? ”
“What? You are really looking for someone?”
“Yes!”
Dalin narrowed his eyes and smiled, “Who are you looking for?”
I took out the letter from my bag and answered, “I am looking for a man called Luo Lin……”
“Ah?!” Dalin shook and said, “Luo Lin ……You……You are looking for King Luo Lin, Dragon City’s king? You really are a spy, and you’re here to destroy the city, aren’t you?”
I stared at him, “I’m only one person, how can I possibly destroy Dragon City? Look at the seal on this letter. If Luo Lin is the King of Dragon City, then this letter is written by the father of the king of Dragon City! ”
“Is it …… Is it true?”
Dalin immediately opened the letter and was baffled, “I can’t understand these imperial texts! Damn, but this seal …… I think that King Luo Lin has a medal like that! Are you really a lackey sent here by Ba Huang City?! OK, I’ll take you to see Luo Lin Wang, and he will be able to tell whether you are a spy or not based on his wisdom!”
After saying that, Dalin grabbed my shoulders and lifted me up. After a moment, he chained the giant monsters, and, with a huge roar, headed up the mountain carrying the huge bodies. The wind was roaring against my ears while the snow was pouring continuously. Damn, it was really cold. In a blink of an eye, he arrived at the edge of the city. He then yelled out a roar, “I am Dalin, lower the rope!”
Whoosh! An iron chain fell down the city wall, and Dalin put me on top of the giants’ corpses. Then, with one hand, he climbed up the city.
Pa!
I suddenly fell onto the city grounds. After steadying my legs, I jumped down from the corpses. I looked around, and saw an icy floor. In addition, dozens of NPC soldiers around the city were on guard, but since they were wearing cloaks, I couldn’t see their appearances.
“Come on, son!”
……
Dalin shoved me as I entered the barren city, and through a corridor, I saw a group of young warriors practicing fencing in a training field far away. Even further ahead was a column of cavalry rapidly galloping, and leading them was a white horse. The rider, wearing a snow white cloak, jumped down to dismount in front of Dalin. The cloak was then removed and an exceedingly beautiful face immediately appeared right before me. She looked at Dalin and asked, “What did you bring us today?”
Dalin smiled compliantly, “Captain Frost, I have tons of meat which will fill us for half a month, and a spy who has letters for Luo Lin.. …”
I ground my teeth, “I told you, I am not a spy!”
The beautiful NPC woman, with words hovering over her head declaring [Captain Frost of the Dragon Riders in Dragon City], came closer to take a look at me and with a smile she said, “The great king, Luo Lin, will know whether you’re a spy or not! Come with me, I will take you to King Luo Lin!”
“Okay…”
……
Four guards, equipped with swords, stood beside me for “protection”, and I followed Frost to the inner core of the castle.  After walking along a long tunnel for a quite a while, we finally arrived in the hall. It was very plain, even lacking a decent desk. A black haired man, with his sword in hand, was standing at the edge of the hall, his knife shaped eyebrows locked. Above his head was a line of words: “King Luo Lin of Dragon City”.
“Sir Luo Lin!”
Frost got down on one knee and respectfully said, “I’ve returned from patrolling. In addition, I found a messenger that might be a spy……”
“Oh, really? A messenger?”
Luo Lin raised his head to look at me, and a pair of black eyes filled with wisdom and courage looked at me. It almost seemed that it was able to peer into my heart! He said, “Young adventurer, what kind of letter do you have for me?”
I handed him the parchment, then stood in silence.
……
Luo Lin read the letter and started to tremble, his eyes turning red, and stood up with clenched fists, taking a deep breath of relief. He said, “I turned my back on my country, and I turned my back on my loving father…”
Frost looked up, “My Lord, what’s wrong?”
“Nothing … …” Luo Lin waved his hands and continued, “Back then, I disappointed my country and came to this deserted city, and established Dragon City. However, I failed to live up to my father’s expectations. Now, my father, Duke Luo Lei, sent me this letter to make sure I am still well, so I have to write him a reply letter.”
Frost nodded: “My Lord, that is human nature. I will personally send your reply to Ba Huang city! ”
“No!”
Luo Lin shook his head: “Captain Frost. You are a native of Dragon City, so you will be considered an alien in Ba Huang City. It’s better to let the adventurer bring the reply back …”
“Yes, my Lord!”
……
I rubbed my hands, secretly in glee. After experiencing multiple deaths, the AA-level task was finally nearing completion. I didn’t know what the system would reward me, but after getting the fantastic awards, I would make sure to give a good lesson to my pals at [Wrath of the Heroes]!
[]  []  []

