
Chapter 682 - Secret Troops“Wew…… [Zhan Long]’s reinforcements have arrived…….” You Yi looked into the distance as he scowled and furrowed his brows. “The Greed Wolf Brigade may be strong but they might not necessarily win against the members of [Zhan Long] who have the advantage in numbers. What to do……” An archer who was just beside You Yi said, “ Vice-guild master, guild master Not Ordinary has asked us to retreat into the deepest parts of Firewolf Valley and guard the entrance by the waterfall. He said that as long as we can hold it for 2 hours, all will be settled.” “Ok!” I don’t know what You Yi told Shen Bing but it was not long before she dissolved her defense and led over 4000 members of the main force of [Thousand Burial] directly towards Firewolf Valley. A huge group of players brushed past us like a strong tide and in comparison, the hundreds of men I brought were mere stones in the wave. Even though we would not be swept away by the wave, we too were unable to stop them from leaving.　　…… After a few minutes, the silhouettes of Wan Er and Dong Cheng also appeared at Firewolf Valley. Behind them, there were 5000 elite players of [Zhan Long] with the [Zhan Long] emblem shining bright on their shoulders. Furthermore, the players possessed equipment that were all top tiered. With a trembling ray of light on their blades, their killing intent could be felt in the air under the moonlight.  “What’s the plan now?” Wan Er asked as she walked forward, lifting her dagger. Looking at the depths of Firewolf Valley, I said, “ In there, there is a new type of Grade 1 mount, the [Fiery Greedwolf]. [Thousand Burial] is obstructing us, [Zhan Long] and our divisions, from entering the valley probably because they wish to monopolise this mount. If I’m not mistaken, there should be a large number of Knights from [Thousand Burial] trying to tame the mounts there. Firewolf Valley is not all that large, they should be able to clear the whole area very quickly.” “[Fiery Greedwolf]?” Unease rippled through Wan Er’s eyes as her gaze landed on a mountainous forest with a waterfall. She explained, “I have actually heard that these mounts are spiritual grade and have a level requirement of 105, increasing attack speed by 40% and movement speed by 180%. When they kill their opponent, they will acquire 2% of the experience from the loser’s current experience bar. They will also increase the opponents and their own drop rate by 10%. This is a detailed description of their attributes. I was slightly stunned. “To think it increases drop rate……. And even an attack speed bonus of 40%. It also steals experience, f*** …… This mount truly lives up to its name as a greedy wolf, so ravenous. Does it rely on plundering to survive and protect itself? A movement boost of 180%, that’s closely similar to my Flying Scythe Warhorse. What a good mount……” Old K lifted his battle-ax as he walked forward, saying “If we were to let these brats to possess a huge number of Blazing Greedy Wolf, with the bonus attributes from Greedy Wolf Brigade, this [Thousand Burial] might just turn out to be a major sore in Tian Ling City. That insane speed coupled with the ability to plunder, when hundreds of knights on their Blazing Greedy Wolf attack, that is simply a nightmare. Dong Cheng agreed. “That’s right. If we let this situation continue, [Thousand Burial] will truly have the power to rival us, [Zhan Long], in Tian Ling City!” Wolf walked out of the void with his dagger lifted. “Brother Xiao Yao, it would not be wise to delay this any further. We should act now. We can’t let such good resources in Firewolf Valley be monopolised by [Thousand Burial].” I nodded my head, replying while I unsheathed my Dragon Reservoir Sword. “Let’s attack then. Kill off all of the Greedy Wolf Raiders! Since You Yi has provoked [Zhan Long], let us give them the taste of being extinguished!” Wan Er giggled as she nodded. “En, let’s attack!”　　…… A group of knight class players started to get onto their mounts, seemingly a lament for the dead. Yue Yao Yan and the members from her guild too mounted their mounts as they closely followed behind me. I reined in my horse’s head and just charged forward without a word. With me, I have over 5000 men, all of which were the elite members handpicked from not only the main guild but also from the guild divisions, none of which were afraid of picking a fight with [Thousand Burial]. It was a great opportunity that currently that there are thousands of Greedy Wolf Raiders from [Thousand Burial] hiding in the depths of Firewolf Valley. This way, we are able to deal with all of them in one fell swoop and show our dominance. Else, they might think that us members of [Zhan Long] were easy prey. As we madly charged into the depths of the valley, any Firewolf we saw on the way were all killed. However, these wolves did not allow for players to mount them. It did not matter if they were killed. After a few minutes, loud sounds of rushing water could be heard in the distance. In front of us was a massive waterfall cutting the valley right down the middle with roughly 10 metres in height but not a single guard was to be seen at the top. Standing at the edge of the waterfall, water rushed past the four hooves of my warhorse. As I looked downwards, I saw that the waterfall crashed down into a lake below which didn’t seem to be very deep. However, roughly 50 yards away from the shore of the lake, players from [Thousand Burial] could be seen tightly packed together, most of which were archers, musketeers, mages and other long-distance attackers. You Yi and Bai Mo Yan could also be seen in the mix. You Yi truly was smart, making use of the terrain to defend. If members from [Zhan Long] were to jump down to engage them, we would definitely be extinguished. Firstly, our players would be drenched, causing many of our knight class players to suffer a decrease in movement. In water, formations were simply useless. The moment we go down, we are just going to expose ourselves to their full firepower. “Sh*t. This is truly despicable……”Yue Yao Yan bit onto her silver tooth as she commented. “They are truly waiting idly for opportunities. They plan to wait for us to jump down and eliminate us…...Wan Er, what should we do?” Wan Er giggled as she replied. “This is simple…….” She turned around to face the rest of the members as she started to explain, “We have a height advantage of 10 metres at the top of this waterfall. This should increase our firing range by 30%. Dong Cheng, Xiao Wu, Tang Xue, organise our long-ranged classes and gather at the edge of the waterfall. After we concentrate our firepower towards the enemies, Pig will bring his men down to clear the rest !”As she said so, the beautiful vice-guild master twitched the edge of her lip upwards and laughed. “If You Yi and Not Ordinary thought that 50 million RMB could allow their guild to have a huge increase in power, now we shall teach them that a super guild cannot be developed using money, at least not only with money!” “Yeah!” Wan Er was truly a wise general. As she was a Hermit God Class, her fighting abilities were very strong but I always looked highly upon her ability to command troops. It can be said that with Wan Er, Matcha and Li Mu, [Zhan Long] will never be at a disadvantage in any kind of fight. A large group of archers, mages and musketeers gathered together at the edge of the waterfall while Dong Cheng had dense smoke rising from the flames gathered within her palm. As she did so, she laughed and instructed, “Ok. There’s nothing that needs to be said. Prepare to fire! 3, 2, 1, fire!” The firepower came from above covering the sky like a net. Fox carried a fiery red firearm as he skillfully reloaded the gun, snickering, “Musketeers, use [Refined Ammunition] to strengthen your attacks. Just use [Incendiary Ammunition] to fire!” With this, his firearm trembled a little bit before a loud, ear-splitting “Bang” gunshot could be heard. It was the fifth job advancement skill--- [Flame Bullet]. Instantly, a ball of fire could be seen shot out from the muzzle of the gun, exploding in the midst of the group that You Yi and Bai Mo Yan were in. It caused severe damage within 10 metres of the explosion. Furthermore, it was the [Refined Ammunition] skill attack afterwards that gave an increase of 50% in attack power. A whole sea of red could be seen as everyone received damage numbers over ten thousand. The relentless burning of the ground caused by the [Flame Bullet] resulted in continuous burn damage inflicted onto the affected. The ground had simply turned into a red sea of fire due to all the bullets fired by the musketeers together with Fox. This truly allowed one to see the prowess of musketeers in a battle, this is no longer at the level of an archer. You Yi was left at half health as he gritted his teeth and protected Bai Mo Yan while they retreated. Destruction caused by the [Flame Bullet] could be seen all over the ground as the blazing flames were combusting with a “pi pa pi pa” sound, continuously burning through the health of the Greedy Wolf Raiders. It wasn’t long before the players started to break down from the attack. “Retreat 20 metres!” You Yi ordered in a loud voice”　　…… I urged my mount and raised my blade as I stood at the edge of the waterfall. I laughed in joy, “Close-combat classes, follow my lead as we take this opportunity to attack and break the Greedy Wolf Brigade’s formations!” With that said, my Flying Scythe War Horse whinnied loudly as it charged downwards into the waterfall. I felt a slight tug on my arm as Wan Er tightened her grip onto it while she followed behind me. “Bang!” The water in the lake below splashed out everywhere as the four hooves of my Flying Scythe Warhorse landed continued to gallop in the water. Old K, Yue Yao Yan and other members of the guild also followed along to attack while the enemy was still suffering from the firepower of Dong Cheng, Dancing Forest, Glass Fox and the other long-ranged classes. In one swift move, I charged down the waterfall and lead the pack in the very front. Wan Er however, relaxed her grip on me and fell onto the ground, erasing her traces as she landed. Afterwhich, she charged forward by my side.With my Dragon Reservoir Sword raised up, I launched a [Seven Star Fragment Slash] off from a distance. Its blazing energy landed on a large group, removing a substantial chunk of their health. Ten Greedy Wolf Raiders tried to counter-attack but they were stopped by Wan Er’s [Ice Pick Whirlpool]. Amidst the grass, I could see Qing Qian’s shadow. She reached out and a [Grip of the Firefox] appeared in a group, killing many in its wake. I took advantage of this opportunity and used a [Sword Tempest] while summoning my Ancient Tiger God to use a [Burstfire Raid]. Instantly, we had gained the upper hand as we dealt a huge blow to the members of [Thousand Burial]. However, what was happening behind me was more important. Old K, Yue Yao Yan and the others part of the close-combat classes charged over. Despite the wide variety of mounts all over the place, their destructive strength was still displayed to the fullest. In the one exchange of blows, we were able to break through [Thousand Burial]’s formations. Dong Cheng had also lead the long-ranged specialists to follow up with the attack. It was clear which of the two sides had the superiority in strength. Most of the members here were mostly elites from [Zhan Long]’s main guild whereas [Thousand Burial] was not even amongst the top twenty of China’s guilds. Just what makes them think that they would be able to contend with the elites from [Zhan Long]? There was still a wide gap between the standards of the two guilds.　　…… “This isn’t good……”Shen Bing lifted her bow and as she fired off a [Shot of the Archery God]. She pursed her lips and asked, “We simply cannot fend against them. This brat, didn’t you say you had a killing move? Why don’t I see you performing any move right now?” You Yi’s lip twitched upward as he replied. “There’s no issue. I’ve got a plan.”  “Plan my *ss. We’re about to lose!” “Oh, it’s on it’s way!” You Yi raised his blade with two hands and sent out a [Sword Break] followed by a [Skyshaker Slash] to kill off an archer at half health. Then, he ordered, “Everyone, maintain formation! Our reinforcements are about to arrive. He he, soon enough we can let [Zhan Long] witness the true power of [Thousand Burial]. Your daddy’s secret troops will also have finally be of use!” Wan Er’s [Blade of the Death God] had killed off a Greedy Wolf Raider in one hit. She asked in shock, “Who exactly is giving You Yi this much confidence for him to act so arrogantly?” I stared at the big map and said, “ Be careful, just at our north-east direction, there are some red dots clustered up together who are using the cover of the terrain to proceed over. They are approaching fast! Yue Yao Yan, bring some men and hold off their advance!”“Understood!” Yue Yao Yan waved her sword as she lead the [Zhan Long: Defense Army]’s knights charging over.　　…… In the next moment, a large ball of flame suddenly emerged from the reeds near the lake. It was followed closely by a second, a third and many more. To be exact, it was not a large ball of flame but rather a Greedy Wolf shrouded in blazing fire. The body of such a Greedy Wolf did not have much difference from a warhorse as the bones at the back were different from other wolves, spacious and slender, which made it possible for people to mount it. Furthermore, there would be lesser bumps when the wolf was travelling long distances. True enough, [Thousand Burial] had finally gotten a cavalry unit with the Fiery Greed Wolf as their mounts.
