
[] [] []
Chapter 515 Death by Stoning
“I have a view on them!”
Li Mu stood at the bottom of the abyss and made a fist, “The dozen Assassins that I sent out really are helpful. They’ve already gotten view of the battle in Bowl Valley!”
I nodded, “Share it among the officers!”
“Yes sir!”
Very soon, all of the officers saw the battle being played out. All we could see was the open space on the western side of Bowl Valley. The two armies were currently in a fierce clash. Ye Lai raised his battle axe and lead the charge. [Holy Fire Cut], [Divine Weapon Breaker] and [Burning Tornado] flashed through the enemy mobs. Furthermore, Ye Lai was not only a Berserker, but also a ten thousand health warrior. His attack was extremely powerful and his base defense was boosted by all of his equipment to nearly 6000 points. Killing him wasn’t an easy task. Looks like he had at least three pieces of Saint Tier equipment on him.
[Judgement]’s Babel Buddha and other elites were also fighting beside Ye Lai. Numerous skills constantly flashed across the forest. [Hero’s Mound]’s Q-Sword raised his blade as he roamed along the border of the map, targeting and killing the top tier players. At the same time, Jian Tan, and Sword Tears had melded into one big chaotic group. Blood dyed the ground.
……
“Looks like…” Wan Er smiled, “This battle will take at least 5 hours before victory is decided. Both sides are extremely strong.”
Qing Qian said, “The most important part is…. [Judgement] isn’t fighting on its own!”
“Oh? What do you mean by that Melon?” I asked with a smile.
Qing Qian raised her dagger and walked over. She then whispered into my ear, “Brother Xiao Yao, I just received intel, Uncle Yan Zhao has decided on what [Prague] will do. They won’t fight with [Zhan Long]. He’s already brought 40,000 of [Prague]’s main force and has left Ba Huang Forest. They are going straight for Bowl Valley and plan on helping [Judgement] crush [Hero’s Mound]! Do you still remember? In Bowl Valley, Uncle’s entire army was killed by Q-Sword… This debt, how could Uncle not get it back?!”
I couldn’t help but smile and then whispered back, “I knew it. Yan Zhao Warrior isn’t a person who can’t tell the difference between right and wrong. This time, even if this quest to save Chi Yu Han kills every member of [Zhan Long], it wouldn’t be able to diminish [Zhan Long]’s rise. Instead, it’ll just create a powerful enemy to anyone who tries to attack us. Uncle Yan Zhao wouldn’t do something stupid like that.”
Qing Qian blinked a few times and nodded with a smile, “Yup, Uncle has always put the growth of the guild as his priority, and so [Prague] usually keeps a neutral stance. Even in the battle between [Zhan Long] and [Vanguard], Uncle basically wanted to look the other way and not bother with it. However, last time, Q-Sword had been too cruel, and so Uncle decided to send out his troops. For someone as conservative in battle as him, this is incredibly rare!”
I nodded, “This is a huge advantage for us. Next, we need to deal with [House of Prestige] here. I haven’t seen Bai Li Ruo Feng and Quick Thunder Swift Lightning in a while, I almost miss them….”
Dong Cheng speechless stared at me. Finally she said, “Bruh, you think that Bai Li Ruo Feng and [House of Prestige] are easy to pick? Don’t forget, Bai Li Ruo Feng is bringing 20,000 of [House of Prestige]’s elites. We only have 200 people here. They have 100 times more people than we do. Brother Xiao Yao, maybe you could hold off a hundred by yourself, but none of the rest of us can…”
I wryly smiled, “Yup, after all, we’re going to be mainly relying on the advantage we have in Green Qilin Abyss. Bai Li Ruo Feng can’t mess with us!”
“I hope so….”
“Hei hei….”
……
Not long after, we finally received intel from the Assassins up top. Bai Li Ruo Feng already took [House of Prestige]’s elites and entered into Green Qilin Valley. The entire way here they didn’t bother with anyone else, and appeared very generous. They had one and only one goal—— enter Green Qilin Abyss and kill all of [Zhan Long]’s players and take Chi Yu Han.
Our upcoming battle was actually going to be pretty tough. Bai Li Ruo Feng was definitely not going to underestimate the difficulty of this quest. Not only are [Zhan Long]’s 200 players hard to kill, even Chi Yu Han, that Sword Saint Tier warrior was even harder to kill. After all, everyone knew how strong Chi Yu Han was. Even though he only had around 30% of his strength back, he was still a hard nut to crack. Plus, the seal on Chi Yu Han’s body was extremely weak after we left Sword Saint Abyss. This meant that sooner or later he was going to have his power of Holy Realm. At that point, there wouldn’t be a single player that would dare solo such a strong BOSS.
……
“Sha sha…..”
Up top, a couple of pebbles fell down. Clearly, people had arrived. I immediately pulled out my Dragon Reservoir Sword and said, “Get ready. We’ll use the same battle plan. We’ll kill whoever comes down!”
“Alright!” Li Mu, Old K, Wang Jian, and Dong Cheng all appeared extremely excited.
The vines above us began to shake at the same time. Looks like quite a few people were coming. Bai Li Ruo Feng must’ve heard about what happened to [Flying Dragon] here, or else he wouldn’t have so many people come at once.
Not long after, people began to appear. The first to enter our line of sight was a Level 87 Berserker that had [Dou Qi Armor] on. His name was Snow Wolf Spirit, and was one of the four elders in [House of Prestige]. He held a flaming battle axe in one hand, while the other hand dragged along the vine. He carefully observed the surroundings as he descended.
“Careful!”
Snow Wolf Spirit raised his battle axe and said, “Their ranged players have to target us in order to attack. Since they’re shooting upwards, their range has shrunk from 40 yards to 25 yards. Everyone, be careful of your distance and make sure that when you are within 25-40 yards of them, jump down at the same time! We have to do our best and have 200 people arrive in the abyss at the same time, and send Xiao Yao Zi Zai a big present! All of the people behind must be quick, do not hesitate! Or else all of our brothers would have died for nothing!”
And so, a group of [House of Prestige] players all hung in the air. They almost looked like a stick of Tang Hu Lu* as they waited for us to deal our attacks.
TL Note*: A common street food in China that has sweet red balls on a stick.
Wan Er leaned against the cliff side. Her sweet laugh rang throughout the map and she said, “What smart bastards. To think that they would think of a method like that to deal with our advantage. If an Elder is that smart, no wonder [House of Prestige] was able to ranked third in Jiu Li City, and 6th on the Chinese Server!”
I smiled and encouraged, “No matter, we [Zhan Long] are ranked 5th. Its time we give them a lesson they won’t forget!”
Wan Er grinned, “Alright, prepare for battle!”
I turned around and looked at Dancing Forest and said, “Little Dance, your [Meteor Shot] has a hundred yard range, and even if you shoot upwards, it still has a 70 yard range. Go ahead, let’s mess up their rhythm, have them attack first. This would be best for us!”
Dancing Forest nodded and immediately raised her Bowstring of the Dragon Jin Sou and shot an explosive [Meteor Shot]!
“Peng!”
The Meteor Shot pierced right through a group of people, cutting through three o the vines. At that moment, a group of [House of Prestige] players all lost their grip and fell down. Someone shouted, “[Zhan Long]’s have taken the initiative! Let’s charge and massacre them!”
A that moment, a “rain of people” fell from the sky. Snow Wolf Spirit also descended from his vine.
I carefully watched the situation and stepped onto a boulder. Within three steps, I reached Snow Wolf Spirit. I abruptly leapt up and swung both of my swords. With a turn, I dealt two revolving slashes that hit everything within a 5 yard radius of me. My two swords dealt 4 consecutive hits right into Snow Wolf Spirit’s armor and threw him into the air. If he hadn’t been healed by two Healers, he probably would’ve been killed by now.
“Pa!” I landed on the ground. Looking up, I determined Snow Wolf Spirit’s position and lunged forward. I swung my Dragon Reservoir Sword forward 3 yards, dealing a critical attack on Snow Wolf Spirit right when he landed. The attack split apart his armor and brought out blood. I waved my left hand. “Pu Chi!” My Cold Iron Sword pierced right through Snow Wolf Spirit’s chest and nailed him right into the adjacent wall. “Keng!” the sword buried itself into the wall, killing him instantly. Snow Wolf Spirit’s head drooped, showing that he had died.
Beside him, two [House of Prestige] Swordsmen threw a [Skyshaker Slash] and charged towards me. I swept out my Dragon Reservoir Sword and spun around, using my blade to parry the attack. I then dashed forward 3 yards, dodging both [Skyshaker Slash]es. With a wave of my left hand, my Cold Iron Sword flew back to me and pierced right through both of the Swordsmen. I turned around and threw an attack with my Dragon Reservoir Sword. The two of them could feel the chill of my killing intent against their backs and couldn’t help but shiver. I crossed my two swords and instantly killed the two of them.
The entire sequence of attacks flowed smoothly and quickly. I couldn’t help but secretly feel a rush of excitement. The two months after I entered, I had been continuously practicing, and now my movements were no longer as clumsy as they had been at the beginning. I was at least on a whole new level. Even though I probably wasn’t as good as Q-Sword and Jian Feng Han, at least I wasn’t too far behind them. Especially since I had my own real life skills. This was something that none of those two had. Even though Jian Feng han and Q-Sword’s skills in real life were pretty good, but it wasn’t as good as mine which had been sharpened by life and death battle experience!
……
Once Snow Wolf Spirit died, [House of Prestige]’s formation still didn’t fall apart. People were continuously jumping down from the vines, and they were continuously being killed. [Zhan Long]’s players all bided their time and whittled away the enemy’s strength. Our warriors protected the Mages, Archers, and Healers, making it impossible for the enemy to reach our damage output. Li Mu, Wang Jian, and Old K all used their area attacks and were like fish in water while they gathered battle points.
Around 10 minutes later, [House of Prestige]’s airdrop had been a complete defeat and they lost 1000 players at the bottom of the abyss while [Zhan Long]’s 200 man team only lost around 20 players. We had almost completely maintained our entire force.
No more players were coming down from above and the hostilities were on pause.
……
Li Mu raised his Tian Chen Sword and looked up at the sky with a smile, “So [House of Prestige] wasn’t actually that hard to deal with. And here I thought that each of them had three heads and six arms! So it wasn’t like that….”
I wiped some of the blood off my blade and stuck my Dragon Reservoir Sword into the ground, “Even so, we lost 22 people in this wave of people. Next, we must make sure we protect our ranged players. Otherwise, if we don’t have enough people, then this won’t work. Also, we cannot underestimate our enemies!”
Right at that moment, Wan Er suddenly widened her eyes and shouted, “Careful!”
“Shua!”
An enormous object fell from the sky and I immediately pushed Li Mu out of the way!
“Peng!”
An enormous boulder the size of a person fell to the ground, and sunk right into the mud. On it was written a line of words——
“Xiao Yao Zi Zai will die under this rock!”
……
I was speechless.
Wan Er and I exchanged glances and laughed until tears streamed down our faces.
[] [] []

