
[]  []  []
Chapter 59 – Jian Feng Han
This chapter was sponsored by William Wang, Manuel Arden Tobing, Jhon Van James Taylaran and Douglass Cheng!
Looking at the ground, I saw that Mu Tain and the monk had both dropped some equipment. Mu Tain dropped a green-ranked armor, but my Armor of the Earth was obviously better, so I didn’t need it. But the monk dropped a shiny leg guard, so I picked it up and checked it out. It was bronze-ranked and it was not too bad. My cloth leg guard conveniently dropped when I was fighting the Generals.
【Feral Bear’s Leg Guard】（Bronze-rank）
Type: Armor
Defense: 65
Strength: +15
Other: Increases users defense by 20 points
Level Requirement: 30
……
I was almost in a full suit of armor now, and my defense also rose to another level, breaking 500 points. Even if I met Mu Tain and his gang again, I may not lose 200+ HP when I eat an axe. I scanned around the area to check for any other drops, spun around, and went into the forests to continue searching. After wandering around for a while, without finding anything new, Wan Er sent a message, “Want to go out for a midnight snack? We’re hungry…”
“Mm, I’ll be there immediately!”
“Okay!”
I disconnected and took off the helmet. I turned around, and I noticed that a pair of eyes were staring at me. It was Glasses, aka Tang Gu!
“Oi, what do you want?!” I frowned and asked.
Tang Gu continued to stare at me, “Xiao Yao, I hear you fought with Liu Ying and his gang and that you even beat all four of them by yourself! Is that true?”
I smiled, “Where’d you hear that from? Don’t joke around.”
“Was that really not you? Liu Ying won’t admit it, but students saw it…”
“I’m going for a midnight snack, you think what you want!”
I put a coat on and left. I arrived at the girls’ dorm and two beauties wearing skirts were waiting for me. With their skirts fluttering in the wind revealing their attractive long legs, I couldn’t help but let my imagination roam.
“Where are we going today?” I asked.
Wan Er smiled, “Today you’re treating so you can decide!”
I slapped my leg, “Whoops, I didn’t bring money today. Can you cover for me today? I’ll pay you back tomorrow…”
“You are shameless…”
“Cough cough, Miss is the best…”
“……”
……
In the restaurant, we ordered a few dishes and a hot soup to get us through the night. Of course, having two beautiful women sitting in front of me was a blessing as a bodyguard. Looking at these two happily eating, I couldn’t help but remember my previous experiences as a bodyguard.
The first time, I was the bodyguard of some foreign executive and drove him around all day. I also helped bring him all kinds of women. There was one time when, as I was driving, I started hearing moans in the back. That marked the end of that job.
The second time, I was the bodyguard of some bigshot drug dealer. I got paid 5000 Yuan (~$800) everyday. During the drug deals, he killed a few innocent people in front of my face. Later on, when his enemies sent people to kill him, I did nothing as I saw his head got blown apart by an M9 pistol. After that, I dismissed myself…
My third employer was Lin Wan Er or rather, Lin Tain Nan. This was the first time I didn’t want to kill my protection target. Mm, I better cherish this.
……
“Li Xiao Yao, what are you thinking about?” Wan Er suddenly raised her head and looked at me.
I smiled, “It’s nothing, just…”
“Just what?” She blinked with her pretty eyes and asked.
I went silent for a moment, then said, “I’m just worried that so many people in Ba Huang City are chasing after me, and because of that I might not be able to increase my level. I’m always getting killed, and if my level doesn’t go up, I won’t be able to resist. The bounty hunters will only get stronger as they come at me.”
“How can that be?” She smiled lightly and said, “I was just looking at the forums, and I saw that you 1v7’d an entire group. It was pretty good, and a lot of people are calling you Ba Huang City’s Border Zone’s Death God…”
My face went red, “What are you talking about? That was only a struggle for survival…”
Wan Er pursed her lips, and stared at me, “Still, you really need to be careful…”
“You’re talking about Jian Feng Han?”
“Mm.”
Wan Er nodded, and said, “Jian Feng Han. I dueled him some time ago. He is a person who understands battles very well and specializes in using his pets to lure others into a disadvantage. Also, he’s somewhat of a battle maniac, and he won’t allow anyone to be stronger than him. Think about it: virtually everyone in Ba Huang City knows you, and the bounty for you is so high as well, so its not impossible that Feng Han come and challenge you!”
Cheng Yue was sipping her tea on the side, and suddenly smiled, “I feel that instead of challenging you, he wants to teach you a lesson.”
After saying that, she sat up straight and said, “Xiao Yao. How about Wan Er and I go to Ba Huang City to protect you for a few days? I haven’t seen this Feng Han, and I really want to see his strength. How about it?”
Though I knew she offered it to protect me, I shook my head, “Nah, it’s fine. I’ll deal with whatever happens by myself. I’ve already been making preparations against the people Liu Ying sends after me. If Feng Han really comes, then that’s fine. Even I get killed by him, I make sure he pays. Just you watch…”
“Then we’ll be expecting more meals from you…”
“……”
……
After eating, I returned to the dorms, but I couldn’t sleep, so I grabbed my helmet and went online. Might as well grind a bit more and quickly get to level 40 for that second promotion. After I learned some new skills, I would feel a little safer. If I met a really skilled player now, I may very well be helpless.
Whoosh
I appeared back in the forest while holding my sword. I summoned Baby Bobo, and I carefully checked the area around me. Some level 39 Ice Rats scuttled around, but there were no players. Mu Tain and his gang got completely wiped out by me, so I’m guessing he gave up on the bounty. Of course, losing a level was quite an impact, and without a certain way to kill me, no one would risk it.
Everyone thought that in the area near the border, this Xiao Yao Zi Zai was an extremely skilled player, but it was nothing but a false rumor. Even though in these past few days I had killed quite a few skilled players, I knew how much I was worth. I may have done some damage to the Generals, but if I dueled Yan Zhao right now, I’d only have around a 40% chance of winning. Yan Zhao Warrior has been leveling insanely fast and kept getting better and better equipment. In addition to all that, he has [Prague] backing him up; I couldn’t fight against him.
Whatever, I would continue level grinding until level 40, and then I would see what skills Beast Tamer Dalin had for me!
……
During the night, I continued killing Ice Rats until around 12 o’clock. I had a ton of Indigo Seaweed, so it was time to return to the city and create a batch of level 5 Seaweed pills.
As I was thinking of leaving, I raised my head, and felt a chill. Rather than being actually cold, the chill was more like an aura, an aura of killing spirit. Behind me, at the end of an open ground. 20 yards from me, I saw a young man wearing black armor and leaning on a rock. His eyes were full of provocation, and over his head there was a row of words——
ID: Jian Feng Han LV-37 Swordsman
……
It was the guildmaster of [Vanguard], the extremely strong person that Wan Er talked about. This guy might even be above Yan Zhao!
He silently stared at me, and after a few seconds, he raised his head and smiled, “Oi, Xiao Yao Zi Zai, you’re pretty interesting. To be able to resist bounty hunters trying to get that 1000 gold coin bounty, and single-handedly surviving in this high level forest. You live up to your name!”
I said lightly, “Friend, do you need me for something? I don’t recognize you.”
“The world has many heroes, why know them all? If I came here, of course I need you for something. That’s…”
His eyes suddenly went cold, and he yelled, “My only goal for coming here——To defeat you!”
……
I didn’t say anything more. I raised my hands, and pulled out my sword. Feng Han definitely came prepared, so I probably couldn’t run away. Either I get killed, or he dies!
Feng Han smiled, and quickly reached for his sword. At the same time, a hexagram appeared under his feet, and he summoned his pet. It was a huge blood-red Cerberus. It prowled, looked at me, and growled.
As if he could read my mind, Feng Han smiled, “Don’t be surprised. This is a Hell Hound, 4.5 stars attack 4.5 stars agility. It’s slightly inferior to your Bee Overlord, but that’s not important. Whether or not a pet is strong is determined by the owner! Come, Xiao Yao Zi Zai, and show me the strength of Ba Huang City’s players!”
Stepping along the cold, grassy ground, Feng Han quickly dashed forward. At the same time, the Hell Hound also rushed towards me from another angle. He was controlling both his avatar and his pet at the same time!
Clang!
The edge of my sword sliced through the air and received Feng Han’s attack. With a clang they collided. His strength wasn’t too high and surprise swept across Feng Han’s face when he got pushed back, but he quickly recovered and his face became calm again. His feet slipped backwards and he stopped himself from falling at a seemingly impossible angle. But before I could consider his awkward moment, his arms were spread, and his sword was already slashing down!
Without thinking, I activated my LV-4 [Combo]!
Clang!
Our swords collided again, but Feng Han moved just like a big ape so even though I had a higher strength than him, he still had an advantage. Before I regained my posture, he started his attack again.
Bang!
“301!”
I got hit and with that, Feng Han stopped my combo. I felt a wave of heat from behind as the Hell Hound bared its fiery claws and pounced towards me!
Bobo immediately intercepted him, and he fought against the Hell Hound. At the same time, I slid along the ground, and a huge “Miss” appeared from Feng Han’s third attack. He retreated a few steps to prevent any counterattack from me, and whoosh, my attack hit air.
Damn it! If I continued this then I would die from Feng Han’s continuous attacks!
Bangbang!
I took two more hits on my shoulder, but I kicked my feet out!
Bang!
“341!”
“297!”
“174!”
I retreated a few steps and awkwardly stopped my fall. Suddenly, something became clear. I raised my head and looked at Feng Han, muttering, “This pattern…This is from the 12 strikes in Extension Boxing?!”
Feng Han paused, “You actually figured it out…Heh, but you’re still going to die!”
Whoosh!
I cast [Heal], and recovered 600 HP, following up with a health potion and I was back at full HP!
Rustle…
Feng Han’s body was like a shadow. He dashed towards me in an arc. He extended his arm and stabbed towards me!
……
Hmph!
I stood till, and focused. I suddenly lashed out with my sword, and with a clang, I knocked away my opponent’s sword. At the same time, I stepped forward, and my left fist heavily hit the chest of Feng Han!
Bang
“179!”
The ground around me started to glow as I activated my combo, [Strength of a Thousand Men]!
“Oh crap…”
Alarm flashed in Feng Han’s eyes, but under my rapid strikes, his hip and chest got repeatedly attacked. But when he got hit by the fourth strike of [Strength of a Thousand Men], he bent his body and his palm mercilessly patted the ground, and then with a flip, he backed away a few yards!
Whoosh!
[Wind Blade] sliced the air, and a huge “MISS” popped up!
……
[]  []  []

