
[]  []  []
Chapter 41 – Cang Tong
This chapter was sponsored by Eric Rees and Kirin Tantinon!
I could see a group of people approaching. In the front was Tyrant of Western Chu! When he saw my lone shadow, he could not help but laugh, “Xiao Yao, where are you going to hide this time? Nobody can help you now.”
”…..”
The leaves next to Tyrant curved downwards even though nobody was stepping on them. It had to be Ageless Beauty, because invisibility didn’t mean that one wouldn’t affect their surroundings. An assassin’s stealth would be especially useless in water since the water would make ripples, clearly showing their position.
When I looked behind Tyrant of Western Chu I saw more than a hundred people. As a lone player, I had no chance against them.
I turned around and ran through a thorny field. It would be a waste of time to respond to their nonsense. My main focus should be to finish the quest as quickly as possible and rush towards level 30. My [Heal] skill had risen to level 4, which meant it now healed 600 health, and Baby Bobo was almost able to solo a bandit at this point.
……
Whush…
A few shadows flew over me, and before I could respond, arrows started flying towards me.
I tried to dodge them, but I still ended up getting hit by two of the arrows. I used [Hemostasis] to return to full health, before looking up and seeing three wind elf archers. The archer at the front sneered, ”Xiao Yao, with us Wind Elves scouting, do you still think you can escape? Did you think that [Wrath of Heroes] would let you escape so easily?”
I cried inside, I had no chance to escape from the Wind Elves; after all, out of the 5 races, they were the only ones who could fly. They could control the situation with long ranged attacks, and Liu Ying had brought more than 10 of them with him.
Behind me, Liu Ying and his men came running. I also knew that somewhere out there, Liu Ying’s lover, Ageless Beauty, was approaching to take my life.
I clenched my teeth, I knew that I had to let them attack first, but getting killed without returning something wasn’t my style. But if I waited for the attackers to attack me and have their names grayed, I could kill them without worrying that I would have a red name.
……
Shuaaa!
Baby Bobo flew into the air, stinging one of the archers and instantly killing him. They had a grey status, since they had attacked but their attacks had not killed. Which meant they could be killed without the killer getting chaotic, so Baby Bobo auto retaliated. He moved onto the next archer and made another hit.
412!
One of the main weaknesses of the Wind Elves was that when they lost more than 20% of their max health, their wings would break, and thereby losing their flight ability.
I rushed forward with my Ancient Spear, stabbing directly into the abdomen of the archer. I dealt 237 points of damage, it was enough to successfully kill him.
In the air Baby Bobo chased down the last wind elf, it didn’t take long with his superior agility before he made 2 normal attacks. The three Wind Elves had turned to ash as they died.
“Go!”
As I was about to move further away I heard the familiar sound of gunshots, shortly afterwards I felt the pain from two bullets impaling into my back from a musketeer.
257!
224!
Immediately afterwards, I used [Hemostasis] on myself, returning some of my health, while Baby Bobo was sent to attack Piggy!
”Assassins go!”
Tyrant of Western Chu shouted loudly, Baby Bobo suddenly stopped midway, he got hit by [Gouge] from Ageless Beauty! Seeing this, Tyrant of Western Chu shouted: “ Mages, Cast [Chilling Wind]!”
There were about 10 mages that simultaneously cast [Chilling Wind] and [Rock Spikes] towards Baby Bobo, a total chaos of spells.
198!
219!
187!
……
I didn’t even have a chance to heal Baby Bobo before he was killed.
Liu Ying leaped forward, swinging his sword at me as he shouted: “Xiao Yao, it’s time for some payback.”
Clang!
I held my Ancient Spear horizontally to block against Liu Ying’s slash. My strength was clearly inferior to a swordsman’s, as I got forced backwards with each strike. Suddenly my back reached a thorn bush, and I was unable to move further back. Two berserkers surged forward with their battle axes using their [Fire Axe] skill toward my right and left shoulder.Unable to defend, a pain erupted from my sides and I slipped into the afterlife.
371!
344!
……
Shuaa!
My soul form appeared in the nearby cemetery. I received quite a shock when my hands were empty… This could only mean one thing, that my Ancient Spear had dropped.
I clenched my teeth as I attempted to remain cool, and not explode in anger. As a healer facing so many high leveled players, what could I do? They had 5 Wind elves and could basically one-shot Baby Bobo, my only source of damage now that my Ancient Spear was gone.
With my current level and pet, I would at most be able to take on 3 people, but it would be impossible if one of them had a pet or they had good teamwork.
In spirit form, I sprinted back to my corpse. Like I thought, both Liu Ying and Ageless Beauty were standing guard over my corpse.
Liu Ying was carrying my Ancient Spear with a pathetic expression on his face: “Unexpectedly, such a trash player like Xiao Yao carries such a good weapon, this Ancient Spear is now in better hands.”
Ageless Beauty smiled charmingly: “Yeah, that Xiao Yao kid, humph, besides looking handsome he doesn’t have a single good point…. such a weak and cowardly kid….”
Piggy frowned and disagreed: “Not necessarily, think about how he faced all of us without fear. We should not underestimate him, think of how he’s been able to turn the previous situations around.”
“Bah！”
Liu Ying stepped on my corpse and said:” See how I’m stepping on him? Who did you say was the most powerful?”
Piggy held the musket against the ground without uttering a single word.
……
“Ding!”
I waited for almost an hour, but they showed no signs of leaving. But a bit later, I received a message from Yue Qing Qian: “Xiao Yao ge-ge, is your corpse being camped by Tyrant of Western Chu?”
Me: “ Yeah, how do you know?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll gather some people to help you respawn!”
“No!” I hurriedly said :” There is no need for you and [Prague] to challenge Tyrant of Western Chu because of me, it’s simply not worth it. Qing Qian let me handle it.”
“No” she insisted: “ Relax, I won’t rely on [Prague] for this, it’ll be me and my friends. I know where you are, so just wait 20 minutes for me”.
”Well I can’t stop you, so thank you Qing Qian.”
“Hehe, no need to be so formal.”
“……”
……
After I turned off the communication with Qing Qian, a drop sound appeared.
System Notification: “Player [Cang Yue] has sent you a friend request, do you accept?”
Huh, who is this? I accepted the request, and a picture of a beautiful young girl popped up in my friends list. The face looked very familiar but more importantly, she was a level 32 mage.
“Ding!”
Cang Yue sent a message: “Hehe, do you know who I am? “
I said: “Dong Cheng Yue?”
“Yup! Me and Lin Wan Er are in Ba Huang City. But are you being camped?”
I was quite embarrassed: “Well, its [Wrath of the Heroes]…”
“What grudge does the [Wrath of Heroes] hold against you?” Dong Cheng Yue became indignant: “You’re my friend, and Lin Wan Er said, how can we let you be bullied when you are one of us? If we allowed that our reputation would hit rock bottom.”
I was speechless: “Please, just wait for me in Ba Huang city”
“Okay, hurry up and revive!”
“Mm….”
……
Before long, another group of people appeared near the forest, and I saw the shadow of the two beauties from [Prague], indeed, Qing Qian and Wei Liang came!
“Damn it!”
Tyrant of Western Chu suddenly stood up, and looks at them, “Damn [Prague] is coming. Hurry, everyone prepare yourselves, they don’t have many people!”
A few swordsman went ahead and intercepted their opponents, but Qing Qian moved incisively, and with a flash she broke through. She sprinted above the leaves, straight towards the mages of [Wrath of the Heroes]. Before she even reached them, a wave of light shattered, and 30+ [Prague] players emerged!
Instantly, both sides collided into each other, and it became a battlefield. Players were dying left and right, way quicker than I ever imagined.
Revive!
My body was still lying on the ground, so I called Bobo, and also cast [Heal] on myself to full HP, then I attacked weaponless, and commanded Bobo to attack those d*mn [Wrath of the Heroes] members. First I needed to get rid of those mages, or else the people that Qing Qian brought wouldn’t be enough.
Clang!
In the air, two daggers collided. Qing Qian was forced back a few steps, and at the same time the assassin that crossed hits with her was also forced back into a tree, it was Ageless Beauty.
Qing Qian looked at Ageless Beauty, and clenched her teeth, “Hmph, this is the women who harmed Xiao Yao? How shameless…”
Xu Yue’s face distorted, “Die!”
In two seconds, Xu Yue falls, killed by Qing Qian’s [Bleed] and [Backstab] combo. She didn’t even have room to retaliate. It was obvious as to who was inferior to whom.
…….
Noticing me, Tyrant of Western Chu yelled, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai revived! Everyone kill him first!”.
In the next instant, I become the target of everyone, and Qing Qian yelled, “Xiao Yao be careful!”
Being destroyed by the [Chilling Wind] spells and [Armor Break]s attacks, I slowly fell back down. Eh, I had died again. That dropped me down to level 26, and at the same time, Qing Qian dragged me to her team, which only consisted of two living players, one was Qing Qian and the other was Wei Liang.
Standing in the graveyard, I quickly sent a message in the group chat, “Wait for me, I’ll revive immediately, I can get there in 7 minutes!”
“Don’t worry…” Qing Qian said, “There aren’t many [Wrath of the Heroes] players still alive, even Tyrant of Western Chu was killed by my sister…”
“Mm that’s good…”
……
But, after a few seconds, Qing Qian cried out, “Waa, this is…”
The next moment, her soul form appeared not far from me, and started to whine, “A very powerful assassin came, and killed both me and Wei Liang…”
“……”
……
A few few minutes later, I returned to the battleground, and the battle was already over. A full ground of corpses, who knew what happened!
On the branches of a tree, a pair of snow white legs were slowly waving back and forth. It was a young girl wearing leather armor, with a fiery-red dagger hanging on her waist. Her left hand supported a heavy, steel umbrella, and her face was nice and soft, with bright eyes and white teeth. Undoubtedly, she was a beauty, and extremely charming. Hovering over her shoulder was a line of golden words, “Fan Shu City’s #3 player”, which showed who she was. She was sitting there relaxed, and holding the steel umbrella, while staring at all the corpses, and laughed, “Come! Revive one and I’ll kill one! Don’t touch my person!”
I was stunned, and when I looked at the words hovering over her head, and her face, it seemed pretty familiar——
ID: Cang Tong LV-32 Assassin
……
Shasha!
Two shadows instantly respawned, Qing Qian and Wei Liang were more rash than me, and instantly picked up their daggers and rushed towards the young person on the tree. Qing Qian’s eyes were full of anger, and sayid, “You will die today!”
The stranger jumped down and rushed towards Qing Qian and Wei Liang. A dagger appeared in her right hand, and with a clang she knocked Qing Qian back, and with her left hand she swung her heavy umbrella!
Bang!
She opened up her umbrella, and the forced Wei Liang back!
I stared at the battle with a blank face, Qing Qian and Wei Liang, they were both top tiered players in [Prague], but they couldn’t even touch their opponent? This…She was a bit overpowered wasn’t she?
……
Sha!
I revived, and cast [Hemostasis] on Qing Qian, and said, “Everyone stop!”
All three beauties looked towards me.
I felt a bit embarrassed standing there, and said, “We’re all allies…Miss, why’d you come?”
The level 32 assassin Cang Tong, was Wan Er! Who else would it be? Holding the steel umbrella, and staring at me with the beautiful eyes of a Moon Elf, she smiled, “I heard that you were getting bullied around here, so I came to take a look…”
“…”
[]  []  []

