
Chapter 641 The Startling Skill Break
"Yup..."
I retreated as quickly as I could. Right now, I still didn't have the courage to fight the Chi You Tribe General Cang Gu alone. The stats of this BOSS were too strong, and it was currently the strongest BOSS whose stats we could read.
"Are we still using the same tactics?" Wan Er asked.
I nodded, "Yup, I'll go first. The remaining heavy armor types should just wait for an opportunity to move in. I don't think that the 200% defense buff from the Hidden Dragon Armor can withstand the attack of the Chi You General. All Knights, prepare to use [Heroic Ram] and [Divine Provocation] to control the BOSS' aggro. All in all, don’t let the team get destroyed!"
"Ok!" Everyone nodded their heads, and Qing Qian blinked her eyes as she said: "Be careful, Brother Xiao Yao. Getting to level 117 wasn’t easy!"
"I know..."
……
... ...
As I held my Dragon Reservoir Sword, I urged my horse forward. Facing this Chi You General, who had a strength I couldn't estimate, I could only advance like this. I opened my palm and activated [Great Realm of Desolation] and [Blade Spin] together. Furthermore, before the BOSS approached me, I quickly opened my hands to use a [Binding Chains]!
"Peng!"
[Binding Chains] MISSed, and [Black Tortoise Realm] fell upon him. At the same time, I activated [Seven Star Teleportation], as I prepared to run for my life. 
"Little brat, aren't you overestimating your own capabilities?"
Cang Gu looked at me, as he let out a cackle. The battle-ax in his hands flashed as the BOSS charged at me. It threw a [Raging Flame Slash] at my Zhen Yue Sword as I tried to parry its attack. The fiery flames almost swallowed me up instantly, and immediately I felt my entire body burning. My health plummeted--
“26217！”
While my body was enveloped in intense pain, I didn't retreat. I sent out a chain of slashes with my two swords as I waited for the cooldown of my skills to end. [Combo]+[Strength of a Thousand Men] whistled over, and I used all of my strength to control this BOSS.
The smile in Cang Gu's mouth grew even bigger. As he held Pangu's Axe, he suddenly charged over with an explosion of speed. The image of Chi You’s fierce spirit appeared on the axe, and it suddenly smashed into my shoulder. Immediately, it seemed like an enormous palm was imprinted on my Hidden Dragon Armor, causing my [Wall of Dou Qi] to shatter with a bang. At the same time, an enormous damage number flew up into the air--
　　“37971！”
　　……
Wang Jian held his sword as his expression went pale white: “Motherf*cker, we can’t let Brother Xiao Yao solo that BOSS anymore, he’ll be instantly killed! Everyone, follow me!”
As he said that, he had already begun charging over. He activated [Glacial Armor] as he slightly sank and pierced his blade through the Chi You General. He then spun around and activated [Halberd Whirlwind] causing the Chi You General to slightly tremble. He turned around, and threw a normal attack with Pangu’s Axe sending Wang Jian flying back. He was about to continue chasing after Wang Jian, but Li Mu’s [Covering Sword Slash] unexpectedly exploded on his face.
“Screw off!”
He raised his combat boots, and kicked Li Mu with one leg, sending the man and horse flying. It was simply too brutal.
Wan Er and Qing Qian charged over together. [Ice Pick Whirlpool] and [Grip of the Firefox] both exploded on the BOSS’ body, and a total of 7 peak [Zhan Long] players surrounded the BOSS. However, it was at this moment when Cang Gu suddenly stomped on the earth. With a “Peng”, a few cyclones oscillated outwards. The wind elements surrounded Pangu’s Axe, and in the next moment, the BOSS let out a loud roar. The battle-ax continuously slashed the air like thunder, and every single one of our 7 people got hit. None of us managed to dodge it, and one by one, damage numbers flew into the air--
　　“17272！”
　　“24117！”
　　“22190！”
　　……
The damage wasn’t very high, but every slash of this [Dimension Breaking Slash] had already torn apart space, forming a crack in the dimension. The violent stream of air formed a confined space, and we were all thrown into the air, trapped in a whirlwind. The effect lasted a whole 25 seconds. How could we keep this up?!
“Die!”
The Chi You Section General let out an angry roar, and threw a slice into Old K’s chest, forcing him to activate [Against the Heavens]. If not, he would’ve been instantly killed. Raging flames suddenly appeared on Pangu’s Axe, and when he turned around, he threw another slash. This time, Wang Jian had no way of defending, and was killed after letting out a miserable howl. His body, along with his horse was sent flying, turning into a corpse.
“Swoosh!”
On the ground, Matcha roder her mount and struck the General’s back with a “Peng”. At the same time, she activated [Divine Provocation]. She quickly retreated raising her shield in front of her. [Phantom Holy Shield] successfully activated!
“Peng peng peng…”
Three attacks hit her one after another. The Pangu’s Axe carried the power of [Raging Flame Slash], and [Combat of Chi You]. Under the barrage of attacks like that, no matter what kind of defense our Matcha had, she would still get killed. 
At the same time, Cang Gu charged forward in a frenzy. He swung his battle-ax, and killed off a group of long distance players including Lian Po and Fox. Within the blink of an eye, our [Zhan Long]’s hundred man team was swept up into the BOSS’ savage strategy. 
My horse and I were trapped in midair, and I couldn’t help but shout: “Healers, can you [Purify] us?! We can’t budge at all! We can’t use our skills to control the BOSS!”
Darling Duck hastily used a group [Purify]. However, a few MISSes appeared as the [Purify] failed.
“Peng!”
I saw a figure get flung into the air by the BOSS. Wolf gripped his dagger as he miserably rolled on the ground towards us. His face was covered with scratches from the ground. He weakly raised a hand and cast [Awakening Spell] on Wan Er. He loudly shouted: “Little miss, it’s up to you now!”
Wan Er’s body loosened as the imprisoning effect of [Dimension Breaking Slash] wore off. When she landed, she instantly opened her hand and gave Qing Qian an [Awakening Spell]. She shouted, “Melon, I’ll let you free Brother Xiao Yao!”
The second she was free, Qing Qian quickly cast [Awakening] on me as well. Immediately, my seal was also dispelled. The Flying Scythe War Horse let out a neigh, and I activated [Assault] before landing. With a “Swoosh”, I charged towards the back of the Chi You Section General, and I violently struck him with a “Peng”. [Fierce Ice Blade] pierced through the back of his chest armor, immediately pulling all the aggro towards me. I urged my horse to retreat, and let the Ancient Tiger God shield me. At the same time, I shouted: “Healers that haven’t been killed, first revive all the dead Healers, then revive Wang Jian and the others! Pay attention to your own Mana, don’t get drained out! Everyone disperse, don’t let the BOSS wreak destruction!”
Darling Duck kept her own task in mind, and locked her heals on me, while Thousand League Spring went to go revive those killed players. As for Dong Cheng, Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands, and the other Mages, they relied on [Dimensional Leap] to escape. We were finally starting to maintain a rhythm of attack. They must deal damage, or else, I don’t know when we would finally kill the BOSS.
Like this, I could hold my own against the BOSS for roughly 15 seconds. After that, I let One Second Hero and the other Knights use [Divine Provocation] to pull away the aggro. Each of them would withstand 1-2 hits, and another person would then use [Divine Provocation] to shift the aggro to a different person. This was also the current greatest value for Knights. Practically every guild would nurture a group of high stat Knights. Only like this could they kill those BOSSes that were originally impossible to kill. For example, the current Chi You Tribe General that was right in front of our eyes. Even I couldn't withstand it. This was simply not a BOSS that any single player could take on.
"Sha sha..."
I set up a few [Azure Dragon Crossbow]'s on the ground, and simultaneously, I also used the effect of [Seven Star Teleportation] to control the BOSS, making him waste a bit more time on running. If not, every second would mean an extra death for the players of [Zhan Long].
Everyone was smarter this time around. A few Assassins stopped fighting directly with the BOSS, and instead waited for the BOSS to use [Dimension Breaking Chain Slash] first. Once Li Mu, Matcha, and the others were imprisoned, they would be responsible for activating [Awakening Spell] to dispel the sealing. Like this, we continued repeating the pattern After roughly 50 minutes passed, we finally grinded this Super BOSS’ health down to 10%. 
"Be careful, I have a bad feeling..." Wan Er distantly said.
I slashed my Dragon Reservoir Sword and dealt another heavy blow while laughing, "It's like this every time..."
Just as I finished speaking and Cang Gu had finished killing almost 170 people of our players, he finally used his pre-death counter attack. He let out an angry roar towards the sky. The Pangu’s Axe began to tremble violently and he angrily roared: "Unyielding Spirit of Chi You, please let your Original Spirit descend, and help me achieve victory against these valiant enemies!"
[Chi You's Original Spirit]!
"Swoosh!"
A blood red light was concentrated on the BOSS's body. At this moment, Wan Er suddenly raised her white arm, and a ringing sound echoed out from her breastplate. The [Heaven's Ode] from her Wintry Clothes of a Minstrel was activated!
"Swoosh!"
The sound waves swept outwards, sealing the Chi You Section General's super skill mode. She hastily looked towards me, and shouted: "Big idiot, stop looking at me! You have 5 seconds to interrupt this [Chi You's Original Spirit] skill!"
I shuddered. I finally understood why Wan Er made a move to stun the BOSS after 75% of the super skill's starting motion had passed. I felt that she wanted me to find a way to interrupt this move!
……
... ...
I urged my horse to charge forward. My eyes swept across the shape of the BOSS. I looked upwards, and the balance of my body shifted slightly backwards. Yup, it's like this!
I smashed into him from the front. The Zhen Yue Sword flashed and smashed on to the BOSSes abdomen. After that, I raised my twin swords with both hands to violently smash his shoulder. With a "peng", a damage count flew up into the air, but the skill interrupt wasn't successful. There was still 2.7 seconds!
I hastily whirled my body around, and I tried a second time. I smashed against the BOSSes waist, while my elbow slammed against his neck!
"Peng peng!"
It didn't succeed again, but the body of the BOSS slightly trembled for a moment. The [Chi You's Original Spirit] that was trapped in midair was also affected a bit. It must be that my strength wasn't high enough!
Once I thought about this, everything else didn't matter!
[Dragon Transformation]!
[Peerless]!
[Dragon Transformation] would substantially raise my attack, while [Peerless] gave me 7 seconds of time, where I would ignore all blocks, defenses, and resistances. Furthermore, it was a super attacking skill that also increased my health and mana!
Desperately, I slashed at the BOSS’ leg with my Zhen Yue Sword and then smashed the hilt of my Dragon Reservoir Sword into the BOSS’ hip. Right as it shuddered, I urged my horse forward, and I stored up all my strength in my elbow to heavily smash against the BOSS’ neck. Immediately, Cang Gu's entire body shook, and the bloody Original Spirit in the air instantly dispersed. A blue light surged forward, and the three enormous words appeared in the air--
"Successful Skill Break!"
……
... ...
"F*ck, we succeeded!" Li Mu was extremely surprised.
Even I didn’t imagine that it would be a success. However, at that moment, Cang Gu awakened from [Heaven's Ode], and he had an indignant expression, "If we dueled one against one, none of you guys would be my opponent. You despicable b*st*rds, you are not worthy to be called the descendants of Chi You!"
"We're not even his descendants..."
Wang Jian laughed, and began a violent volley of attacks. A group of peak players from [Zhan Long] continued the attack. Qing Qian, Wolf, and the others used [Grip of the Firefox], [Flying Dagger], and other skills to deal as much damage as they could on the BOSS. We aimed to use the least amount of time possible to kill this Chi You Tribe General. He was too fast at killing our players. In the past sixty minutes, ten of our players had already died three times, making it impossible to revive them again. 
