
[]  []  []
Chapter 200 – Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands
Translated by: SoloNeko, Vk
Edited by: Sac, Zephir, Algaivia, Based Jessica
Final Check: GGP, Zdog
TL: The name, Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands is a commemoration of one of the author’s faithful readers.
This chapter was sponsored by Lam Tran and Felix Alexy! Thanks!
A biting cold [Icicle] pierced through my chest, causing 1017 damage. Spikes of ice appeared around my wound, decreasing my movement and attack speed; this effect was extremely annoying. My body involuntarily staggered a few steps back. There were not many Mages that had the power to shave off that much of my health with just an icicle attack. Nobody ever thought that there would be such an expert in [Wrath of the Heroes] guild.
“Boss, it’s that person!” Matcha pointed with her sword.
Amongst the crowd, there was a Lv 56 female Mage carrying a staff covered in an aura of frost. She observed me and smiled faintly as her ID flashed above her head-
ID: Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands Lv 56
Main City: Ba Huang City
Guild: Wrath of The Heroes
Position: Flagbearer
……
“Shua shua…”
The glow of [Heal] cast by the Healers from behind healed me endlessly. Unless I sustained a fatal attack, this female Mage, like the rest of the players, wouldn’t be able to kill me.
“Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands, why does this name sound familiar?” I slashed the players in front of me as I asked in the party chat.
Matcha checked for a while and faintly replied, “Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands is Ba Huang City’s third ranked Mage. She’s second only to Simple and Tornado. She’s even higher ranked than Soaring Dragon. It’s truly surprising that such a person actually joined [Wrath of the Heroes]. It’s hard to understand what she was thinking…”
Yue Qing Qian said, “I know, Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands is sort of my friend. I actually added her as a friend … It seemed to be because of a Purple Tier staff; Ageless Beauty pulled her into [Wrath of the Heroes] around one week ago. I had almost forgotten about it…”
“She’s your friend?”
I trembled slightly as I endured another [Pillar of Fire and Ice] from Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands. My health quickly depleted by 1000 points as I immediately said, “Qing Qian, think of a way to poach Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands from [Wrath of the Heroes] to our [Zhan Long]. It’s such a waste to let such a talented Mage rot in [Wrath of the Heroes]!”
Yue Qing Qian pouted her lips, “Alright, I’ll try my best. But now it’s too late, we’ll have to kill sister Thousand Suns to win. Otherwise their attacking pressure will be massive…”
As Yue Qing Qian finished her words, Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands unleashed her combo of [Pillar of Fire & Ice] and [Rock Spikes], immediately shaking the area beside me. At the same time, the health of a bunch of heavy armor players depleted rapidly, to the point that one of them even died. A Lv 51 Monk held his shield as he kneeled on the ground, killed. A few Berserkers from [Wrath of the Heroes] took advantage of this and broke in. Battle axes danced in the wind as our defense line was in a precarious position.
Matcha’s beautiful eyes froze, “This won’t do. We have to kill Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands first, otherwise our defensive line will be torn to shreds!”
I nodded and replied heavily, “Qing Qian, it’s your turn to shine. Move stealthily towards her and use [Stealth] and [Bleed] to break Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands’ [Mana Shield]. Once her [Mana Shield] breaks, stun her with [Gouge]. Matcha and I will cooperate with you so that the three of us can kill her together! Qing Qian, you have to be careful, once you succeed in attacking her, you should retreat back to our side. Darling Duck will provide support for you!”
Yue Qing Qian nodded and smiled, “Ok, I understand. Wait for my good news!”
“Okay!”
……
I swung my sword again, killing 2 low-health Swordsmen. At the same time, I endured the attacks from two Berserkers with my Nebula Armour. A ripple of light glowed underneath my feet as I unleashed [Strength of a Thousand Men], killing one of the Berserkers. The other one was immediately killed by Fox’s Musketeer group’s volley attack!
Closely observing the crowd, Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands narrowed her lips as she waved her staff slowly. Every single time, her spells managed to cause a huge amount of damage to [Zhan Long]’s players. Her magic attack should have been at least 2000 for her attacks to be so painful! Even her [Pillar of Fire and Ice] attack could do 1500+ damage on a single person and it was an AOE attack!
A faint green shadow was currently slowly approaching Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands. Yue Qing Qian lifted her Purple Tier dagger, while her beautiful pair of eyes observed Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands closely. Yue Wei Liang followed Yue Qing Qian closely; the two twins were planning to attack together. This way the success rate would be slightly higher.
“Wei Liang, attack!”
Yue Qing Qian shouted out from the party chat. A dagger swiftly flew out; the ambush attack was successful! “Pa” – Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands’ [Mana Shield] distorted but it didn’t break. The air around Yue Qing Qian started to tremble as she concentrated with pursed lips to cast [Bleed]. With it, she finally managed to penetrate the [Mana Shield], causing a substantial amount of damage – 1312!
Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands was shocked to see this. Caught off-guard, she moved forward a few steps, barely missing an ambush attack from the back by Yue Wei Liang. At the same time, she cried astonished, “Qing Qian, you joined [Zhan Long]?!”
Yue Qing Qian carried her dagger and burst forth once again, and the corner of her mouth slightly curled, “About that…wait until this battle is over then we’ll talk about it. Sister Thousand Suns, I’m gonna kill you now…:”
Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands laughed, “You brat, you can try!”
……
“Peng!”
Rushing forward with all my strength, I collided against a group of people. Then, while Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands was still distracted by the Assassin, I dashed forward 20 meters. At the same, I activated my [Shield of the Crimson Dragon] to endure all kinds of attacks and at the same time punched the earth. “Pa” [Binding Chain] burst forth from the ground, binding Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands’ legs.
“Ahh?!” Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands looked in my direction with astonishment, “Oh, Xiao Yao Zi Zai also came…I’m so dead…”
Not far away, Ageless Beauty lifted her dagger as she ground her teeth and commanded loudly, “Quickly, all Healers focus on healing Thousand Suns, don’t let her be killed!”
When my Purple Dawn Boots stomped on the ground, my body shot like an arrow towards Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands. At the same time, I endured all kind of attacks from the surrounding players, pets and also suffered debuff effects such as slows. With my Frost Rain Sword raised, a golden hexagram with 4 circles on it appeared. I yelled loudly, “Matcha, use Phantom Ray Slash to support me, we’ll kill her together!”
“Shua!”
Frost Rain Sword slashed down, attacking 4 times consecutively. However, [Wrath of the Heroes] had at least 100 Healers focused on healing Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands. Unsurprisingly, she was back to full health after each hit since she had around 1500+ health left after attack, and each of my hits didn’t do that much more damage.
Behind me, the light of [Phantom Ray Slash] had come!
I used this opportunity to charge my skill; a green wind started to encircle my sword. At this moment, Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands’ beautiful face changed colors as she softly cried, “Not good…Xiao Yao Zi Zai’s [Wind Blade], Guild Master, I….”
Before she finished, [Wind Blade] and [Phantom Ray Slash] hit her almost at the same time, inflicting a huge, huge amount of damage –
“1987！”
“1224！”
……
Assassination complete! A flash of light fleeted across as a cloth head guard dropped from Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands. Taking a glance at it, it was a Purple Tier equipment with 6% increase in magic attack. No wonder her magic attack was so powerful! Furthermore, Fox had directed the Musketeer team to provide support fire. Because of that, the Healers of [Wrath of the Heroes] did not dare to revive Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands; she would die the moment she was revived and lose a level in vain.
I grabbed the cloth head guard and immediately headed back. In front of me, Yue Qing Qian was surrounded by [Pillars of Fire and Ice] and she only had 29% of her health left. Furthermore, she was constantly being slowed. She might not make it!
“Hua!”
I hurriedly rushed forward, unfolding my Icy Fire Cloak, blocking the attacks for Yue Qing Qian. I reached out and grabbed her waist with my left arm as I rushed forward, using my body to shield her from the blades attacking us. At the same time, I yelled loudly, “Darling Duck, focus on healing your Deputy Leader!”
Darling Duck cleverly nodded as she cast her two healing spells to heal Qing Qian back to full health. When her health was full, we had also got back to our frontline. As I loosened my hold on Yue Qing Qian, her small face was red to the ears. Yue Wei Liang also pulled back to join the group since Assassins were not suited to be in the frontlines; they were more suited for individual ambushes. Yue Qing Qian and Yue Wei Liang were both among the handful of Ba Huang City’s top Assassins, so naturally they’d understand this basic logic.
……
“Damn!”
Tyrant of the Western Chu clenched his fist and furiously bellowed, “They…they actually managed to kill Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands, d*mn… this is too…this is too arrogant, isn’t it? Li Xiao Yao’s [Zhan Long] was just established, how could they already have so many experts?! Aren’t Yue Qing Qian and Yue Wei Liang [Prague]’s Deputy leaders? Why would they appear in [Zhan Long]? Motherf*cker, how can this be…”
Ageless Beauty lifted her dagger and said, “Ah Ying, don’t be angry, we still have a chance. Let the long range group bombard their frontline, we should first kill those Knights and Monks. We have a high chance of winning since larger numbers definitely gives us an advantage over them!”
“Yeah!”
Tyrant of the Western Chu held his sword and yelled furiously, “Kill! Long range group bombard them indiscriminately, we must break their defense line in under 5 minutes! Crush them, avenge Flagbearer Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands’ death!
In the air, all different colors of magic attacks descended while the rumbling sound of explosions echoed endlessly!
“Ugh…”
On [Zhan Long]’s defense line, a whole row of Knights and Monks, more than 10+ people were killed in a flash, it was a tragedy!
“Matcha, raise your shield…” I bit out as I slashed my sword.
Matcha nodded. Spreading her arms, a ball of energy condensed on her snow white finger tips. Next, a holy shield materialized in front of her. It was indeed the Phantom Knight’s skill, [Phantom Holy Shield]. The magic attacks that fell on the holy shield had their damage reduced by at least 70%. This [Phantom Holy Shield]’s magic resistance was really shocking. It really put everyone at ease. At least with Matcha on the defensive line, we would not be easily injured or torn to shreds by magic attacks.
……
Watching this situation, Tyrant of the Western Chu smiled menacingly, “Haha, they are just no more than that…[Zhan Long], this guild, today I will wipe you away from the map of Ba Huang City. I shall beat up all of you below-average players back to level one!
Ageless Beauty’ giggled happily, “Yeah yeah, Li Xiao Yao that brat.. hee hee…”
Grinding my teeth, I looked at the two people standing at a distance. My sword flung down, killing a Swordsman as I angrily answered them in kind, “You pair of whores!”
Matcha let out a light laugh, “Boss, you also use dirty words…”
Me:”…”
……
Amongst the crowd of [Wrath of the Heroes], standing at the back of Tyrant of the Western Chu, Piggy fired a shot and touched his burning hot gun barrel. His face was rather serious as he quietly said, “Guild Master, don’t be too happy yet. We’re looking at 300 people at most. This is not all of Xiao Yao’s strength; he definitely still has a trump card up his sleeve. We shouldn’t lower our guard…”
“Trump card?” Tyrant of the Western Chu couldn’t help but laugh. “Li Xiao Yao, that kind of trash… what trump card could he possibly have?”
Piggy quickly glanced through the crowd, “[Zhan Long] still has many core players that have not made an appearance yet. General Li Mu, General Wang Jian, General Bai Qi, Old K and Cang Lei, they all have destructive and powerful attacks…”
[]  []  []

