
Chapter 675 - ScapegoatEven after he lost an arm and collapsed on the ground, Tian Ling did not lose the daring courage of a cultivator. When he saw You Yi charge forward once again, Tian Ling did not have his subordinates block this fatal blow.  Instead, he lifted his leather shoes and kicked out ferociously. Peng! You Yi really was just too powerful. He had thrown Tian Ling’s entire body off the side of the ship.  Under the illumination of the lamps, Tian Ling only had enough time to see me bring along the members of the Hangzhou group/team.  His eyes filled with pain, and he cried out in a loud voice, “Li Xiao Yao!  Save my team!” I gripped the gun in my right hand, while I raised my left hand to draw out Xiao Hei.  With one leap, I jumped onto the deck of the ship.  I called out in a loud voice, “Defend yourselves with the riot shields.  Aim before you shoot.  Outside of their leader, kill all of the other artificials!  Leave no one alive!” As I spoke, I raised the gun in my hand and blew apart an artificial’s head.  However, another artificial charged out from behind it towards my position at a swift pace.  I gathered strength in my right leg, and a cyclone formed around my leather shoe.  I raised my leg and kicked out violently. Bang! Blood exploded forth.  With one kick, the level C artificial was knocked flying.I could hear all of its bones break in its neck. It was accompanied with a miserable howl.  Even though his neck was broken, he didn’t die. It’s broken and miserable figure struggled to crawl at us.  Its eyes were filled with blood and brimmed with killing intent. Thump ….. Xing Lie finished it off with a single shot.  Grinding his teeth, he said, “What kind of monster is this?  It doesn’t even die after all this ...”  This wasn’t the time to chit chat however as another group of Artificial Humans charged at us.  I hurriedly waved my head and called out, “Have the members of the Nanjing team withdraw.  Use the riot shields to protect yourselves!” Just as I finished speaking, several more artificials had charged at us.  Their claws raked against the riot shields, raising sparks.  Sure enough, only a mark was left behind and the claws did not pierce the shield.  In comparison, the suppressing firepower of our side’s team members was extremely fierce.  The fire of the submachine guns riddled the artificials full of holes.  Taking advantage of the inability of the artificials to hit back, a shot to the head was sufficient enough to dispatch them. …… “Die!”  You Yi’s voice rang through the sounds of battle.  At a distance of roughly ten meters from me, he abruptly stretched out his arm.  With a “bang,” the arm not only penetrated through a riot shield, but it also penetrated through the chest of one of the team members that was holding it.  We had lost yet another member. You Yi slowly pulled back his arm.  Opening his mouth, his sharp teeth left one feeling exceptionally strange.  Moreover, he also extended a bifurcated tongue that was at least twenty centimeters in length.  Licking the blood on his arm, he laughed mischievously and said, “The flavor is pretty good … Brothers!  Kill!  Kill all of these people …” As he spoke, You Yi raised his arms horizontally.  Bang, bang, bang.  He smashed a row of riot shields to pieces. Each and every Blood Scythe Gang member charged towards us, practically like wild animals, pouncing and biting.  They seemed to welcome the bullets as they opened their ferocious mouths to gnaw and devour the arms, neck, shoulder, and other parts of the members of the guard team.  Moreover, the force of their bites were like that of a huge swamp crocodile.  Our casualties continued to grow. Kacha! Xiao Hei once again chopped off the head of an artificial.  I turned my body and charged at You Yi.  I could not allow him to continue to wreak havoc.  While my sword shot out, I shouted out in a low voice, “You Yi!” You Yi also looked towards me.  It was probably because he found it amusing, he laughed malevolently and said, “Li Xiaoyao … Xiao Yao Zi Zai … you pathetic smelly cop.  You’ve made me to lose this shipment.  B*st*rd, I will not let you off.”  He unexpectedly switched an offensive and charged towards me.  He reached out with his hands and seized a riot shield from one of the guard team members, flourishing it to smash it towards me.  He laughed heartily and said, “Go die, go die!” I hardened my heart with determination and made no attempt to evade, and concentrated the strength of my two arms into Xiao Hei. I stood , I abruptly sent Xiao Hei sweeping forth from behind me.  Since You Yi wished to use a riot shield to kill me, then I will just have to chop apart the riot shield along with him! Bang! Under the crackling and jumping light of the blaze, Xiao Hei’s sharp blade chopped straight through the riot shield, and struck a glancing blow at You Yi’s right wrist.  With a “kacha” sound, a wound was inflicted upon the azure scales, and even shattered several bunches.  You Yi was in so much pain that he howled in anguish, and pulled his army back and fell back.  His neck had been hit twice in succession, “bang bang,” by Xing Lie’s precise shooting and yet he paid it of no mind.  He swung his arms and snatched another riot shield, and once again used it to severely smash towards me.  At the same time, he raised his left hand.  The pitch-black muzzle of his gun was already aimed at me.  The corners of his mouth perked up, he shouted, “Why don’t you try and see how these bullets taste?” I was slightly stumped for words. I quickly rose my arm and “bang,” the riot shield shattered under the immense pressure from both sides.  Even though You Yi’s strength was stronger than that of an ordinary person, it wasn’t stronger than mine.  At the moment that the riot shield was broken, I easily grabbed a section and used it to directly block in the direction of You Yi’s gun.  With a “bang,” a feeling of numbness was transmitted from my arms. You Yi’s desire to kill me was too strong.  He continuously fired in bursts, emptying all the bullets in the magazine before he stopped.  I seized the opportunity to grab a half piece of the broken shield and swept it in the direction of You Yi’s head. Bang! The smash caused his face to change shape, and caused blood to spurt out.  I smacked him twice more until I had smashed the shield, manufactured from special materials, into pulp.  To the side, all of the members of the guard team were all stupefied, as if they already were incapable of comprehending this kind of battle. In their eyes, the riot shields were unyielding and indestructible, but it was like a toy in front of You Yi and myself. I gripped Xiao Hei with both of my hands There was still some of You Yi’s blood on the blade.  My sword’s craftsmanship was extremely good, ensuring that it’s sharpness would not be blunted by blood. All it would do was slide off the blade. Once I revealed Xiao Hei, You Yi clearly became fearful of the sword.  Gritting his teeth and seeing that the surrounding members of the Blood Scythe Gang were being reduced, he made up his mind.  With a cold laugh, he shouted, “Motherf*cker I will kill you one day!  Wait and see!” When he finished speaking, You Yi flipped over the edge of the boat. He shot off the ship like an arrow and with a “plop,” he entered the water.  I immediately shouted into a walkie and called out, “Chopper, scan for that person’s position!  Illuminate the waters!” I abruptly bit down on Xiao Hei’s sharp blade in my mouth, while I pulled off my jacket and headset.  I moved quickly and jumped off the boat.  The river water was chilling to the bone and the shock from the cold was almost too much to bear.  As my body submerged into the river, I opened my eyes with difficulty.  The surrounding waters were brightly illuminated by the spotlight of three helicopters.  I spun around.  Behind me, I could see You Yi with a malevolent expression charge towards me, his scale covered body like a vicious beast that spent its entire life underwater.  Storing up the strength of both my arms, I suddenly swept out my sword. Bang! The sharp sword met You Yi’s claws, which caused the waters to turn red with blood.  You Yi was injured.  Handled with the strength of my top tier Royal Air level Qi, Xiao Hei’s sharpness absolutely could not be compared to an average bladed weapon.  No matter how powerful You Yi was, he was incapable of preventing himself from being injured.  However, the strength of the vibrations from the sword also forced blood from my chest to raise up to my mouth.  The power of a level B artificial was truly terrifying! In the water, You Yi was extremely nimble.  Seeing that his blow wasn’t successful, he immediately turned around and swam into a region I couldn’t see through. I could only remain suspended in the water, and held my breath and waited You Yi to appear once again. On the surface of the river, outside of the spotlights of the helicopters, I could also see other lights.  Xing Lie and others were using the flashlights on their guns to help illuminate the river.  Evidently, the battle above had already ended.  This You Yi was now the only fish that slipped through the net. Suddenly, I could hear something bubbling up from below me.  I hastily moved my body.  Sure enough, You Yi appeared once again.  This time, his claws had been clenched into a fist.  With a loud rumble, he threw a punch towards me. Bang!  A fist slammed onto my arm.  You Yi seized the opportunity to open his bestial mouth and bite towards my neck.  Under the illumination of the light, the sharp teeth and bifurcated tongue were strange beyond belief. I snickered from the bottom of my heart.  Xiao Hei sliced into his chest.  We exchanged blows.  With a “bang,” bubbles burst forth from his mouth.  The twenty-centimeter-long tongue fluttered in the water.  It was indeed, quite funny.  Even though You Yi’s body had been strengthened by drugs, his fighting techniques were practically nil.  He probably had no experience other than leading a bunch of hooligans to smash venues.  In a real fight, he was still quite lacking. …… In the water, I exerted force to shake my head.  You Yi had also become dizzy by my attack, seemingly also aware that he was not my opponent.  He immediately twisted his body and as fast as electricity, charged off into distant waters, while I was too disinclined to chase after him.  I could not hope to catch up to him.  He was like a fish living in the depths of the ocean.  My swimming speed could not compare. I suddenly burst out onto the surface.  On the top was a floated rope.  I grabbed it and pulled myself back onto the boat.  After shaking off water on my body, I accepted a headset.  Looking at the moving waves atop the river, I spoke in a low voice, “Choppers, lock onto his position!  Concentrate strafing fire using high-caliber armor piercing bullets!  We have to drag him out, no matter what!” In the sky above the river, the three Z-18 helicopters had practically already begun to concentrate strafing fire on the river.  The machine gun fire caused mini cyclones and heatwaves to appear on the river.  However, they still couldn’t find You Yi’s body. After a few minutes, the surface of the water became calm again.  The helicopters transmitted, “Confirming that the target has disappeared.  He has dived down too deep, causing the bullets to lose their piercing ability and accuracy.” I gritted my teeth, “Fuck, that bastard has escaped once again!?” Wang Xin’s sound transmitted over, “Li Xiao Yao, do not blame yourself nor be impulsive.  The operation is done.  We have already intercepted their contents of the transaction.  The mission was a success.” I nodded my head and didn’t say anything further.  Even under the conditions of having lost an arm, Tian Ling still insisted upon standing on the scene, in command.  However, his complexion wasn’t too good, his entire face pale.  Looking at me, he lightly said, “Thank you.” I only smiled and didn’t say anything. Turning around, I saw that the dozen or so Malaysian gang members on the deck had all been arrested.  Their yacht was filled to the brim with all kinds of narcotics.  The members of the drug enforcement team were in the middle of inspecting. I turned to consider the chest brought by the artificials and asked, “Xiao Lie, why don’t you go and see what they brought to exchange?” Xing Lie walked forward and opened the chest with a “kacha” sound.  The chest had its own light.  Unexpectedly, it contained ten blue colored bottles of drugs.  There were a total of twenty bottles in the two chests.  Xing Lie raised one of the bottles and surprised, looked at me and asked, “Boss, this is?” My heart sank once again.  I could already guess its contents.  These drugs should be able to transform an ordinary person into a wild animal.  The reason You Yi was so “ferocious” was because of these drugs.  For them to already have begun to deal these drugs, did they really wish for the world to fall into chaos? …… At this moment, Wang Xin led people onto the boat.  Looking at me, he asked, “How are the casualties?” I nodded my head and replied, “Two dead, seven wounded, all of them severe.” Wang Xin furrowed his brow, “Okay.  You’re okay, right?” I shook my head and smiled, my brows smoothed.  “I’m okay.  However, can team leader Wang issue me with the command to hunt and arrest a fugitive?” “What are you doing?” “I will proceed to the Blue Water Street, and immediately hunt and arrest You Yi!” “What?” Wang Xin was stunned, “Have you gone crazy?” I laughed and replied, “I really have become crazy.  You Yi is already injured.  Even if he masked his face, we can identify him from the recordings.  As long as we verify his injuries, we can no longer ignore the Blood Scythe gang.  It’s enough if you give me the authority.” After muttering to himself for a long time, Wang Xin said, “Go then.  However, do not raise too big of a ruckus.  Blue Water Street is a downtown district and isn’t someplace abandoned like this No. 16 Big Bridge district.  There won’t be any problems no matter how big of a mess we create here.  However, if we cause such a big ruckus at Blue Water Street, the media will torment us to death.  When the top brass sets down blame, I will definitely have you, joker, be the scapegoat without any second thoughts. The corners of my mouth twitched, “Damn!”
