
Chapter 653 - Star ScarIt was the early morning of the next day. I woke up early, and accompanied Dong Cheng and Wan Er to submit an absence slip. The reason was very simple. We were participating in the Chinese offline tournament for the Hero's Wings competition. Fortunately, the teacher seemed to be especially reasonable, and he also seemed to know about the Hero's Wings. Before we left, he even cheered us on. 
That morning, Wan Er continued to train with me in the game. Skill interruption wasn't some kind of miracle skill, and instead relied on continuous practice and familiar control of the game. Only like this could I unceasingly increase the success rate of my Skill Breaks. On the other hand, Wan Er's strength in the game could already be counted as the peak of the national level. With this kind of opponent as a training partner, I could get double the results with half the effort put in. 
After eating lunch, we set out. Wolf, Old K, Matcha and the others took the studio car and followed behind us to Shanghai. 
At two in the afternoon we reached the Shanghai Gaming Convention Centre. The A4 slowly drove around the centre plaza. Wan Er and I couldn't help but stare at the sculpture in the centre plaza. It was a tall and straight female Archer, who had a pair of sharp ears. She was holding her longbow, and her cloak was flying in the air. 
"That is..." Dong Cheng was stunned. 
I laughed, "Lanais."
Wan Er nodded her head, "Yup, it's the Elf Queen Lanais. It seems like [Destiny]'s part in the Gaming Convention Centre is quite important, since it actually made its own game the main theme of this center. 
Tang Qi replied, "That's a given. [Destiny]'s part in the entire gaming world now is truly too big. For every ten gamers, there’s six that play [Destiny]. It’s only natural that there are gaming convention centres that are inclined towards [Destiny].”
I put on the breaks and slowly came to a stop in the roundabout in front of the main doors. Immediately, a few workers came up to us with a face full of smiles. They asked us a few questions, and took the car away as they invited us into the big hall to register. 
When we just entered the big hall, we saw Li Mu, Wang Jian, Bai Qi, and Lian Po. Furthermore, there was also a beautiful girl that was wearing a rice-coloured sweater. Li Mu laughed as he said, "You guys are too slow, we arrived this morning!"
I glanced at the four people, and laughed: "It seems like you're all rather pleased with yourselves. You don’t look half bad at all..."
Wang Jian smiled, "Brother Xiao Yao, the [Valiant Bravery] camp is now past its beginning stages. Every month, we’re getting at least 4m RMB a month. Now we don’t have to just eat pickled radishes and rice for our meals. And so naturally, our complexions aren't bad anymore. Also, it seems that Bai Qi's been in love these past few days. It's a girl from one of the divisions, and she's even in school..."
Bai Qi rubbed his nose and embarrassedly laughed, "Bastard, Wang Jian! You said that you're not going to sell me out, but you sell me out the moment that you see the guild leader! What a brother!"
I couldn't help but laugh: "That’s a good thing, but don't be too much of an animal, don’t try anything on a school girl!” 
Dong Cheng, who was at the side, said, "Eh...someone here seems to have already picked up a school girl, and she's even the school flower. He actually has to nerve to call someone an animal. Wan Er, am I right?"
Wan Er face went red, "I don't know!"
I asked Wang Jian, "Wang Jian, when are you and Li Mu going to get a girlfriend? I'm still waiting to drink your wedding wine! You're not young anymore, it's time now!"
Wang Jian gloomily laughed, "For me...I'm not very nervous about it. I haven't met anyone that I've truly liked yet, and I don't want to waste other people’s time. It's better to have nothing than have something bad, let's just wait and see...As for Brother Li Mu, he can't find one, hahaha...."
Li Mu's eyes went round, "Who said that? Last time, there was a 19 year old girl that said that she liked me! I feel like I'm very safe. Right, it was a sister from the 7th division guild of [Emerald Porcelain]..."
Bai Qi was startled, "Are you talking that blind girl who relies on an emulator to play the game?"
Old K laughed: "She's blind, no wonder...perhaps, other people will mistakenly see this brat Li Mu, but this girl hasn't seen him at all!"
Li Mu flew into the rage. He was practically ready to fight Old K a few rounds. But because there were many players and staff around, he had to temporarily endure it for [Zhan Long]'s reputation. 
……
Groups of people talked and laughed as they went to register and claimed their room cards. Two people were allocated to one room. I shared a room with Wolf, while Wan Er and Dong Cheng shared another. Matcha and Qing Qian shared another room. The living conditions of the convention centre weren't any worse than a five star hotel's. There was no doubt about that. Furthermore, we didn't have any competition-related issues that we had to care about, so everyone was more relaxed. Since we had to fight for the 3 precious spots for the national team tomorrow, we went to relax today. That way, we’d fight at our top condition tomorrow.
After entering the room, I tested the cables and internet connection in the room. There weren’t any problems. After that, Wan Er, Qing Qian, Dong Cheng, Li Mu, and others came over to chithchat in our room. 
Bai Qi, "I just saw Fang Ge Que and Enchanted Painting!"
Wang Jian said, "Yup, Enchanted Painting is actually a beauty. Furthermore, they got a complete victory during the preliminaries, without tasting any defeats at all...according to the statistics, she went out a total of 39 times during the preliminaries, and she successfully interrupted 74 skills, making the opponent's skills all die before they were even activated. I hope that our small team doesn't meet Fang Ge Que's team in the early rounds, or else we'll truly be in danger.  
I slightly laughed, "You'd better pray during the lot drawing tomorrow. Tonight, it seems like we have a banquet. What do you guys have planned after that? Are you going online to train battle techniques, or what?"
Li Mu said, "Wang Jian just said that he wanted to go to the KTV tonight to release some pent up moodiness. Do you guys want to go together? It’s also nice if we have some fun together..."
Immediately, the two beautiful ladies Darling Duck and Thousand League Springs nodded their heads, "Good, we were thinking the same! If we stayed in the hotel the whole time, it'd be too boring."
I looked at Wan Er, and she laughed, "Whatever's fine. This time, [Zhan Long] brought twenty people here in total. It’d be nice if we all gathered together. It’s a good chance to bond with the core members of [Zhan Long] too..."
"Yup, then let's go together!"
"Yup..."
……
Not long after, Li Meng Yao finally arrived. She flew over from Xiamen and looked a little travel weary. Despite that she seemed incredibly excited. This girl probably didn't feel any shame at all, even if she relied on other people to get to the Top 32. 
It was time for the dinner banquet. After a few dull speeches from the leaders from the convention centre that were responsible for the Chinese Virtual Gaming Competitions, we started eating.  The people from [Zhan Long]  were separated into two tables that were adjacent to each other. Out of the 32 teams, we took up 4 spaces. There truly was safety in numbers, and there were no other guilds here that had more people than us participating in this offline tournament. Jian Feng Han, Simple, and [Flying Dragon] shared a table, and they both looked at each other with hatred in their eyes. Just watching them was interesting. 
After quickly finishing our meal, the group of people from [Zhan Long] left the competition venue, and went to play around in a street near the convention centre. This was basically a paradise for youngsters. We arranged Li Meng Yao, Matcha, Fox, Dong Cheng, Darling Duck, Yue Yao Yan, and some other people to meet us on the 3rd floor of the KTV for some karaoke. Tang Qi was acting as the bodyguard in the KTV. With a Royal Air peak expert like him protecting them, there definitely wouldn't be any problems. On the other hand, Li Mu, Wang Jian, Wolf, and I went to the 2nd floor to play some table tennis. 
I played with Wang Jian, and played for nine points. Wang Jian was pretty skilled. As for me...yup, my playing style completely relied on luck to get the ball in. After a few rounds, I lost so badly that my face turned green. However, I still aimed and used my strength to try and hit the ball in. No matter what, practitioners trained the heart. If something as little as a loss messed up their tactics, then they would lose in both technique and tactic. 
"Pa!"
I hit my racket, and the ball flew up. With a "pata", it fell to the ground. 
Wang Jian tried his best to hold back a laugh: "Brother Xiao Yao, nice hit!"
I rubbed my nose: "It was a mistake, a mistake..."
Right at that moment, a voice rang out from behind us, "Oh, this little handsome guy doesn’t seem too skilled. Do you want me to teach you how to play table tennis?
I spun around to look. A beauty in a short black skirt was standing behind me. I wasn’t even sure when she arrived. She held a paddle in one hand and smiled to me, “You don’t hold the paddle like that. Also, your aiming is quite bad. You’ll hit the ball out if you use that much strength.” 
I slightly laughed: "Eh...I can't do anything about it. I'm a newbie, and this brother of mine is an expert!"
"Oh, an expert?" The black-shirt wearing beauty looked towards Wang Jian, and laughed, "He doesn't look like one..."
Wang Jian had the competitive spirit of youth, and he indignantly said: "Beauty, do you wanna play a match?"
The beauty laughed, "Sure, that was exactly what I had in mind. That...this handsome fellow in the black shirt, count the points, and see how I get revenge for you, hee hee..."
I nodded my head, and placed the ball down. After that, I lazily leaned the racket onto a side of the ball table. 
The girl was clearly an expert at playing table tennis. She looked extremely experienced as she served. "Pa pa pa", she hit the balls extremely quick, and rapidly won all of the points. It was a clean set, 11-0!
Immediately, Wang Jian's face started to turn green, "Fxck, what kind of tempo is this?"
"You wanna go again?" The skirt had a taunting look in her eyes as she laughed. 
Wang Jian replied: "Come!"
The second round started. And the beauty served the ball. She twisted around, making her skirt rise up. I could almost see her ****. The match was still a clean defeat. The experience and luck of this girl was somewhat terrifying.  
(im starting to think this isnt table tennis)
  
Wang Jian's expression got more and more unsightly: "This is the level of the Nine Balls Heavenly Empress..."
I was at the side, texting Wan Er. After that, I looked up and laughed: "What's that...you two continue comparing notes here, I'm going out for a bit!"
As I said that, I rushed towards the beauty and said, "Beauty, viciously thrash him. No need to leave me any face."
The beauty laughed: "Sure!"
"Brother Xiao Yao, you're leaving?" Wang Jian had a look of shock as he looked at me, and he chased after me. 
I stared at him, and lowered my voice: "What are you chasing me for? Can't you see that this girl has a bit of feelings towards you? Furthermore, she doesn't look bad, you can't say that you completely dislike her!
Wang Jian was somewhat embarrassed as he said: "Well, I do like her… it’s just that….” 
“Be a man!” 
I turned around and walked towards the beauty. After that, I typed out "My brother rather likes you, can you leave your number?" on my phone. Who would've thought that the girl would smile at me, then take my handphone and write the words "My game ID is 'Star Scar', let General Wang Jian add me later when he's online. Guild leader Zi Zai, are you reassured now as a big brother?”
I was stunned, and laughed. I patted Wang Jian's shoulder, "You guys have fun playing, Wan Er's calling me!"
