
Chapter 744 - The Treasure Blade is Mine!“Whinny” The moment a hundred or so Korean Port City players appeared before us, my Flying Scythe Horse immediately halted. It raised it's hooves and reared up. I pulled the reigns hard and turned my horse around. I then switched the Zhen Yue Blade Yue into my second weapon and put away my Brilliant Flame Emperor. I looked at the Korean players and quietly smiled. They were all players with mounts. Looks like they didn’t bring any archers, mages, or musketeers with them. That meant that I wouldn’t have to worry about any [Lullaby]es or [Scatter Shot]es. Yup, now’s a good chance to test out the sharpness of the Zhen Yue Blade. Let’s see whether or not this blade is worth the pursuit of players from across the world for ten hours. 　　…… I heard Li Mu’s laugh in the guild chat, “He he he… good job. Guildmaster really got the Zhen Yue Blade! Motherf*cker, I knew it. No matter how strong that Frost Forest is, he isn’t on par with Li Xiao Yao!”  Wolf whooped, “Brother Xiao Yao is incredible. The Zhen Yue Blade is now [Zhan Long]’s! It’ll be ours in seven minutes!”  Wan Er grinned contentedly, “He he, this is great…. Matcha has the Shield of the Lion King and now Pig has the Zhen Yue Blade. This time [Zhan Long]’s expedition into the desert has really come to a great end!”  Qing Qian replied, “Brother Xiao Yao, did a lot of Korean players appear in front of you?”  I nodded, “Yup. I’m planning on taking the Zhen Yue Blade and trying it out against them. I want to see if this blade is really as amazing as the legends say it is!”  Qing Qian was a little speechless, “Alright then… Brother Xiao Yao, be careful. Li Mu is bringing two thousand Steel Blade Horsemen over right now. He’ll reach you in three minutes. You have to hold out for the next three minutes!”  I laughed, “Don’t worry, I’ll be careful!” 　　…… I glanced at my stats again. After I equipped the Zhen Yue Blade my base attack had reached 17000. On top of that, my defense was now 10173. With my 20% [Drain] effect, and the strength of my Zhen Yue Blade and the Dragon Reservoir Sword, this group of Korean players was nothing. Besides, they were all between Level 110-120. At most they were second rate among the Korean guilds.  In the distance, a Level 120 Knight dashed right at me in a straight line. He cheered, “Look! That’s Xiao Yao Zi Zai. The Xiao Yao Zi Zai that took the Zhen Yue Blade from Frost Forest! There’s still seven minutes left. If we kill him in the next seven minutes we can get the Chinese country weapon——Zhen Yue Blade!”  “Kill!”  A group of Korean frontliners all slapped their horses and charged at me. I didn’t hesitate either and charged forward on my mount. I activated [Wall of dou Qi] and [Frost Armor] and summoned my Ancient Heavenly Tiger to help. I then raised my Zhen Yue Blade before my chest while my Dragon Reservoir Sword was unsheathed and steady at my side. Even though I usually used sword type weapons, I still understood the concept of using all kinds of blades. After all, in real life, when I was younger and training under the old geezer, I had to learn everything from knives and spears to swords. I was a master in eighteen different weapon styles. Plus, knowing the characteristics of different weapons in real life did help in the game.  The moment that our horses clashed, I raised my Dragon Reservoir Sword and threw a [Seven Star Fragment Slash] into the crowd. At the same time, I swung my Zhen Yue Blade. One of the knights raised his shield to parry the attack, only to have his defense completely shattered by my attack power. “Ka Cha”. The shield broke in half under the immense force, and it immediately lost all of its effects. I then stabbed my sword forward, and brought him to his death.  “Ah Xi!” one of the swordsmen was stupefied as he watched his friend died. He probably never thought that their knights weren’t even able to hold two attacks against me.  I laughed and activated my special skill—— [Zhen Yue Battle Song], and increased my base attack power by 4000 points. At the same time, I maintained my horse’s [Charge] speed and swung my Dragon Reservoir Sword in several cuts and slashes. I raised my left arm. The Zhen Yue Blade’s energy wrapped itself around me. I threw the sword out, [Blade Spin]!  “Roarr….”  The Zhen Yue Blade was incredibly sharp and slashed its way through the crowd. Terrifying numbers flew up one after another. Not only were the Koreans terrified by the number, even I was stunned by its effectiveness——　　“20128！”　　“24231！”　　“22429！”　　…… After I activated the [Zhen Yue Battlesong] BUFF, I was now dealing twenty thousand damage. In that one charge, I had already killed thirty people. They on the other hand were dealing a negligible amount of damage to me. The damage I received was immediately recovered by my [Drain]. I didn’t even need to use any potions or my [Cleansing Rain].  This group of Korean players didn’t seem to even have the mood to beg for mercy. Every one of them stared at me with wide eyes. Even though the Zhen Yue Blade was right before them, they didn’t have a single chance to get it. On top of that, I gave off an imposing aura. As I gripped the Zhen Yue Blade, I looked incredibly strong and impressive. It was as though I was taunting them. The Zhen Yue Blade is right here, if you want it, come and get it!  After half a minute, one of the Korean players turned around and began to run. I could hear his voice in the wind, “He’s not even human. We can’t kill him! This is suicide!”  Once he left, everyone else followed behind. In the blink of an eye, around 70-80% of them were gone. I didn’t even have the chance to chase after them. There was no point however. Killing them wouldn’t have given me any satisfaction. Soon, Li Mu and Wang Jian had brought two thousand of their Steel Blade horsemen over. They lined up in orderly rows. On the other side, another group of people had come. They were players from Tian Ling City. [Thousand Burial], [Wrath of Heroes], and [Run like Flames] the three guilds had all come. There were around four thousand of them. Rumor, Not Ordinary and Liu Ying were among them.  “Motherf*cker, what the f*ck are [Run like Flames] and [Thousand Burial] doing here?” Li Mu raised his brow with a smile, “There’s only three minutes left before the Zhen Yue Blade belongs to us. Are they throwing in one last attempt in the last minute?”  I only smiled and didn’t say anything. I raised the Zhen Yue Blade and stood before the Steel Blade Knights, ready for their attack.  The [Thousand Burial]’s two thousand Greedy Wolf Raiders acted fast. In the blink of an eye, they were before us. Minimalist raised his sword with cold eyes, “F*ck, the Zhen Yue Sword was really taken by Xiao Yao Zi zai!”  You Yi clenched his teeth, “If the Zhen Yue Blade really stays with [Zhan Long] then that would be a huge blow to us!”  Call me Master raised her elegant eyebrows and smiled, “Of course it is a blow to our strength in terms of civil war, but now that the country battle scare was drawing to a close, I don’t actually think it is a blow. The Zhen Yue Blade is with China. That’s not bad, at least it’s better than the Japanese taking it.”  Not Ordinary asked, “What do we do? There’s still three minutes…”  Tyrant of Western Chu smiled, “Trying to steal it now is too late. Besides.. There are a lot of Steel Blade Horsemen there. Cang Tong, Cang Yue, Li Mu and Wang Jian are all there. It’ll be hard for us to even defeat them, much less take the Zhen Yue Blade. Besides, the Zhen Yue Blade is in Xiao Yao’s hands. I’m afraid that when we actually fight, we’ll all be cut down by him.” 　　……I laughed as I watched the scene unfold. I didn’t bother to comment and just rested the blade on my horse’s back. I carefully studied the runes on the blade. On one side of the blade, there was a picture of a mountain while the other side had the image of a dragon. It looked strong and awe inspiring. Just from its cover, it did indeed look like a godly weapon. The stats within the sword were actually very similar to a godly weapon. Generally speaking, a weapon characterized as a godly weapon was fairly similar. Besides, compared to the godly weapons, a country weapon was much more renowned, only making it even more attractive. The three minutes flew by very quickly and a system notification sounded through the desert sky——“Ding!” System Notification: Congratulations [Xiao Yao Zi Zai] has successfully obtained the [Zhen Yue Blade] (Country Weapon)! 　　……Everything was set. At that moment, Ye Lai and Jian Feng Han had charged over with their players. Ye Lai was grinning widely. Jian Feng Han, on the other hand, had a rueful look. After all, we were rivals. Now that the Zhen Yue Blade was in my hands, Jian Feng Han had less than a thirty percent chance of winning against me in a solo fight. This was a truth that he could not accept. “Congratulations, Xiao Yao!” Ye Lai urged his horse over and swung his battle axe in celebration, “The Zhen Yue Blade is now in the Chinese Server. With you in possession of the Zhen Yue Blade, then let's see who dares to act out against the Chinese Server!” Behind Jian Feng Han, Simple leapt off her horse. She raised her staff and smiled, “Yup, congratulations guildmaster. Also, thank you for successfully keeping the Zhen Yue Blade within the Chinese server!” Jian Feng Han furrowed his eyebrow and said, “Sister Jun, you….” Clearly, Jian Feng Han was still hesitant about his sister Mu Rong Jun having a friendship with me. After all, [Vanguard] had officially declared war on [Zhan Long]. However, Simple looked at the big picture and didn’t respond. She smiled and nodded to me. I gave a nod back. 　　……Right at that moment, Rumor walked forward with his players from [Run Like Flames]. He quickly closed in with his hand on his hilt. He looked at me and said, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai, thank you for obtaining the Zhen Yue Blade for our Chinese Server. This blade is a country treasure, and is the honor of our Chinese Server. Seeing as this is a treasure of the country, as a Chinese player, I believe you know what you should do with it.” I raised my eyebrows, “And what is it that I should be doing?” Rumor smiled, “For example, say you had found a fossil in your backyard. Should you keep that for yourself? That’s an item on par with a national treasure, so naturally, it can’t belong to any one person individually.” I instantly understood what he was talking about and smiled, “Well well, are you to tell me to give the Zhen Yue Blade to the country storage?” Rumor nodded, “That is about right.” I couldn’t help but laugh at the hilarity of this situation. I glared at him and said, “This so called ‘national treasure’ must be handed over. Then let me ask, if I hand it over, just who am I handing it over to. Your bag?” Rumor coldly smiled, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai, do not be so arrogant!” Finally, Ye Lai couldn’t resist any longer. He raised his voice,”Rumor, if you have the guts, why didn’t you try and take the Zhen Yue Blade from the Japanese? Do you even have the ability to?” Wan Er raised her dagger and walked forward, “That Zhen Yue Blade was taken back by Pig when he put his life on the line. Just what right do you have for taking it?” 　　……“Pa!” I threw the Zhen Yue Blade out and it landed right in the sand. It brilliantly flashed in the light. I raised my hand and pulled out my Dragon Reservoir Sword and flashed a murderous smile, “Rumor, if you want to take the Zhen Yue Blade, then come and take it. However, you’re going to have to ask my Dragon Reservoir Sword for permission first, Ha…” 
