
Chapter 685 - The Shamelessness of [House of Prestige]There was a protruding rock from the cliff that was overgrown with red plants. Swift Thunder stood under the cliff. He had 300+ [House of Prestige] players with him. They occupied a high area. It seemed like they were playing guard dog here. 　　…… In the party chat, Wan Er said, “Li Xiao Yao take your main force and take them head on. Be careful, don’t be killed too quickly. I will take some men and go around back. We have to kick them off that high seat of theirs.”  I cracked my reins and nodded, “Be careful!” As we were talking, the battle already begun. [Flame Bullets] and [Pillars of Fire and Ice] repeatedly exploded at my feet. Luckily, Darling Duck and the other healers locked their spells onto Li Mu and I. They used their [Anti-Magic Shields] on Wang Jian, Old K, and Yao Yan. The effect from the oncoming [Pillars of Fire and Ice] slowly decreased. On the other hand, the musketeers [Flame Bullet] was a physical attack, but it was unlikely that it would break our defenses. Especially after that battle with the Greedy Wolf Brigade, my Thousand Layer Cliff effect had reached Level 78, and now has the effect of increasing my defense by 78%. It was incredibly hard. If they aren’t high level physical players, there was no way that they could break my defense.  Swift Thunder and the others relied on the fact that they were four meters off the ground and so the mounts wouldn’t be able to charge at them. Li Mu and Wang Jian dashed forward. Li Mu swung his blade and shouted, “[Flying Sword] pierce through them! Use [Sword Break] from a distance to break their shields!”  A group of [Zhan Long] swordsmen players heroically bore with the shots being fired at them and sprinted towards the cliff. They then shot their long swords at the enemy. One after another, the swords pierced into the group of [House of Prestige] players. Li Mu had even thrown his [Covering Sword Slash] out. Following that, everyone activated their [Sword Break] skills. There was a ten yard radius on the Sword Break Slash. Even though the angle wasn’t right, its attack power was still very effective. 　　…… Swift Thunder roared. He raised his battle axe and shouted, “Die!”  “Peng!” The [Battle Axe Throw] landed right onto a swordsman from the [Valiant Bravery Camp], instantly killing the half health swordsman. Swift Thunder’s equipment was extremely good. There was no faking his attack power. At the same time, Thousand Suns lead the [Zhan Long] ranged players closer. Five hundred players opened up fire all at once.  In order to decrease our losses, I decided to act. I raised my arm and threw a [Dragon’s Hook]!  “Keng!”  My Dragon’s Hook pierced through the hard rock, letting out sparks. I grabbed onto my Flying Scythe War Horse’s neck and squeezed my legs against its sides. Then, with my left hand, I gave a hard tug. “Shua!” Both I and my horse rushed at the cliff. My Flying Scythe Horse truly was a godly mount. Even in the air it kicked its four hooves as if it were galloping. “Sou!” we landed on the cliff, and still maintained our stance!  Once I entered the crowd, I immediately raised both swords and activated [Halberd Flame] and [Sword Tempest] at the same time. I then followed the attack with a [Seven star Fragment Slash]. The entire rock began to shudder. In the blink of an eye I had killed thirty players. Swift Thunder’s eyes turned red with rage. He swung his battle axe and urged his horse at me, “Kill Xiao Yao Zi Zai. Kill him!”  All of the players rushed at me. Swift Thunder was especially brutal. Under the [Will of the Berserker], his [Flame Axe]+[Battle Axe Whirlwind] were practically released at the same time. It was a sweeping attack. Without a shield, I couldn’t block them, and could only take them straight on. My health emptied in that moment. There was only a little over ten thousand points left in my health. I quickly used a [Cleansing Rain] and then gulped down a health potion. I then rammed my horse into Swift Thunder. My swords threw a flurry of attacks, and  forced Swift Thunder into a defensive stance and retreat. However, all of the other [House of Prestige] swordsmen that rode on their horses all locked their [Skyshaker Slash]+[Flying Sword] onto me. Even if Darling Duck and Thousand League Spring both gave me heals, it wasn’t enough to deal with my dropping health. I leapt off of my battle horse and with a rather clumsy retreat, I leapt off of the cliff and onto the ground. Even though I had been chased off of the cliff, I had already achieved my goal. With my own power, I managed to create chaos in their formation and that was enough. 　　…… I heard the sounds of battle echo from behind the cliff. Following that, a lightning bolt shot through the crowd of players. It was Dong Cheng’s attack. Very good. Wan Er’s team had made it around the back! I leapt back onto my horse and said to Wang Jian and Li Mu, “Let’s head over there and give them some reinforcements!”  “Yes sir!”  The hundred people in front of Li Mu and Wang Jian had been beaten up so badly they began to run. The tides of the battle were finally changing and we quickly sent people after them.  “Peng….”  Swift Thunder jumped off of the rock and he raised his battle axe as he shouted from his mount, “We can’t hold this spot any longer. Retreat. Retreat to the right flank. The land here is best for defense and counterattack.”  However, a berserker raised his whip and said, “Vice guildmaster, I’m not trying to question your authority, but there are at least 5000 people with [Zhan Long]. That’s 2.5 times the size of our army. On top of that, Xiao Yao Zi Zai, Cang Tong, Cang Yue, Yue Qing QIan, and the Hero Ran Min are all here. We can’t beat them! It doesn’t matter if the time or location is right, we’ll lose either way!”  Swift Thunder raised his battle axe and suddenly spun around to cut down a [Valiant Bravery] swordsman. He roared, “So what. Are we just going to surrender to them? I came here to scout when I was in Jiu Li City. This map is [House of Prestige]’s and no one else’s. No one gets to take it from us!”  Li Mu couldn’t help but smile and said as he fought, “Swift Thunder, if you can find your name on this mountain, then I will admit that this map belongs to [House of Prestige]. Can you?” Swift Thunder was infuriated, “So what if my name isn’t here. Is yours?” Li Mu growled and charged his horse at the clif. He swung his sword and threw eight slashes at the rock, creating a big “Mu”. Afterwards he took a look at his work and smiled, “Alright, now, this map has been claimed by me and [Zhan Long]! Kill, kill all of [House of Prestige]’s players!” “You’re going too far!”  Swift Thunder raised his battle axe and threw a [Battle Axe throw]. However, Yue Yao Yan caught the attack with her shield and didn’t lose much health. In all of Swift Thunder’s fit of fury, never once did he stop to think whether or not chasing Li Mu and Wang Jian was going too far. There’s always one person in this world that feels that everyone else owes something to them. 　　…… As we pursued them, the 2000 [House of Prestige] survivors were now left with only 1000. They sustained a loss of over half of their regiment. Most of the bodies were lying on the mountain.  Swift Thunder’s battle axe was dripping with blood but it was nothing compared to mine or Li Mu’s. This time, we completely crushed their forces.  “Li Xiao Yao!”  Swift Thunder grabbed the reins of his mount. Blood was splattered across his armor. He looked at me and clenched his teeth, “Just what do you want?”  I sheathed my sword and smiled, “Not much. Doesn’t [House of Prestige] want to claim this entire map as their own? Right now, I’m just here to put in place some new rules. No matter what’s in this Magma Falls Mountain Range, [Zhan Long] will allow any guild to grind levels with them. However, we do not welcome anyone from House of Prestige]. You can only grind levels anywhere below 400 feet above sea level. If you go any higher, then [Zhan Long] will kill you on sight. If you don’t believe me, then come at us and try!”  When Swift Thunder was in Jiu Li City, he was always a man of his word. Never once had he suffered such humiliation, especially in front of his soldiers. He was shaking in fury. He raised his battle axe and suddenly said something that shocked us all, “Alright… [House of Prestige] will give up this battle over Magma Falls Mountain Range… however, you must keep your promise and allow my brothers to revive. Once they revive, we will leave!”  I wasn’t worried that they would deal a counterattack so I nodded, “Sure!” 　　…… All of the [House of Prestige] healers walked over. In order to show their good faith, Swift Thunder brought everyone over. Only healers had the ability to revive the people that we had killed. Before my eyes, a large group of players that had been killed were revived with 50% of their health.  Old K picked up his battle axe and wickedly smiled, “Little Li, this is a good chance. Should we go and kill them all?”  I grimaced, “Kill my *ss…. We need to keep our word.”  “All is fair in love and war! And you say that you’ve read so much about the ways of the military. It must have gone through one ear and out the other….”  “If you taunt me again, I’ll nullify your position as a team leader. Then I want to see just what kind of a position you will rely on to pick up those girls in [Zhan Long]....”  “Long live the guildmaster!” 　　…… Very soon all 2000 of [House of Prestige]’s players had been revived. Swift Thunder discontentedly left. He didn’t look back until he walked very far and shouted, “Li Xiao Yao, hero’s do not let their vengeance rest for a night. You must understand that!”  I furrowed my brow, “Leave before I change my mind! If you want to muster up more people to attack us, then you better hurry up. Who knows, we might even leave soon!”  “F*cking b*st*rd….”  Swift Thunder furiously left. Based on his personality, a revenge activity would probably occur within the next two hours. 　　……But there was no need to worry about that now. I turned around and took everyone to continue grinding levels. The monsters on the Magma Falls Mountain range were incredibly good. We left a thousand players to clean out all of the monsters that newly spawned while the others went to scout out the depths of the map. We pretty much killed all monsters that we saw. As we went, the Magma Ox and the Flame Tailed Scorpions couldn’t hold off our advance.  We continued grinding all the way until noon. Right as I was about to log off to eat, I suddenly heard some noise—— One Second Hero said, “F*cking h*ll…. [House of Prestige]’s players really are shameless!”  Li Mu said, “What’s wrong?”  One Second Hero said, “Swift Thunder just brought 5000 players to attack our 500 man team in the Maple Leaf Forest beside Tian Ling City. They are really shameless. If the beautiful Matcha hadn’t noticed it earlier, then we would’ve lost all 500 of them!”  Frustrated, I said, “Swift Thunder can’t beat our main team so now they’re going after Matcha’s? Haha, alright then. No more lunch. I’m heading straight to the city when I get off of the Magma Falls Mountain Range. I’m going to go teach those [House of Prestige] b*st*rds a lesson!”  Right at that moment however, Matcha said with a determined voice, “Boss, you don’t have to come. Just let everyone on the Magma Falls Mountain grind their levels. It’s so hard to find a good map. Leave the 5000 players from [House of Prestige] to me. Just give me the command of the Second, Third, and Fourth Divisions!”  Wolf said, “Matcha, there’s something I have to point out. Even though our Divisions are pretty strong, their expertise is still nothing compared to the [House of Prestige] players.”  Matcha smiled, “Sometimes, war is not fought solely based on strength alright? Boss, you just go and eat. I can deal with those [House of Prestige] b*st*rds.”  I nodded, “Ok!”  Li Mu was stunned, “You’re really handing it over to Matcha?”  I smiled, “I believe in Matcha’s strategic capabilities. Wan Er, Dong Cheng, lets’ log off to eat. We’re eating hot pot…”  Dong Cheng giggled, “Alright then! I’m logging off now! Then, we can battle in the afternoon!”  Wan Er agreed heartily, “Ok!” 
