
Chapter 638 Killing the BOSS with Zero Damage
After we passed through the dense fog, the 8th Floor was right before our eyes. However, just before we landed, we could already see the ground was covered in small red dots. Our landing point was already occupied by monsters.
“Everyone be careful, don’t just simply land!”
I turned around and looked at everyone, while saying: “Just wait for us to clear the monsters at our landing point, so we can avoid causing unnecessary deaths. Unless we’re killing the boss, it’s best that we don’t incur any stupid injuries.”
Li Mu nodded his head, “Yes sir!”
　　……
I looked into the distance, past the dense fog. There were many evil beasts covered head to toe in scales that were climbing around the stone path; they were like tanks and forts. Their heads looked fierce, and their forehead was split into three natural sharp horns. Furthermore, their names also sounded very impressive, and their stats were also just as strong--
[Orange Rock Triceratops] (Titan Tier Monster)
Level: 122
Attack: 8000-10150
Defense: 9200
Health: 900000
Skills: [Enormous Rock Armor] [Three Horned Rush] [Rage Trample]
Introduction: Orange Rock Triceratops, one of the guardians of Pangu’s Abyss. These Orange Rock Triceratops were originally from the Triassic Period. After experiencing evolution over several hundred thousand years, they finally obtained hard scales and sharp horns. They were originally living within a deep canyon, but after receiving the summons of a demonic power, these Orange Rock Triceratops gave up their originally carefree lives to serve as the guardians of Pangu’s Abyss. They have also become the hunting target of many adventurers, because their hard shells which have stood the trials of several hundred thousand years are an extremely rare material that can be used to manufacture armors and shields.
　　……
My blade trembled, and I was the closest distance I possibly could to the bottom without attracting them. I jumped downwards, and activated [Wall of Dou Qi] and [Frost Armor] in midair. From above, I used a [Seven Star Fragment Slash] to slash out, and a “Hong” sound exploded out on the stone path. I summoned the Flying Scythe War Horse, and quickly mounted it before the monsters could counterattack. After that, I called on my little tiger to fight with me.
“Roar roar roar…”
At least 20+ Triceratops charged over. I randomly slashed my twin blades outwards, but the defense of these monsters was too high, and I unexpectedly only dealt 9000+ damage. And after they roared and activated [Enormous Rock Armor], a layer of rock appeared on their bodies, and my Dragon Reservoir Sword only did 5000+ damage with each hit. Their defense was comparable to a BOSS’, this was simply too fierce!
I urged my horse to stand within the group of monsters and receive the baptism of their skills. One Triceratops suddenly charged over, as if it was mad. A bloody colour appeared on the three horns on its forehead, and they knocked me back two steps with a “Pa”. It was [Three Horned Rush]. It was a skill that could knockback its target, but its charging motion was extremely obvious. It was at least 2 seconds long, which made it very simple to read.
“Sha sha…”
The hoofs of my horse changed direction as it stepped on the floor, as I moved around a Triceratops that was about to unleash a skill. I raised my Zhen Yue Sword to deal a heavy blow on the neck of the Triceratops, and then used the enormous momentum of my Dragon Reservoir Sword to directly push it away. With a “Peng”, it smashed the horns of the Triceratops, as I let out a low shout: “Screw off!”
“Successful Skill Break!”
This was very good. If the skill had a charging time that exceeded 2 seconds, interrupting it seemed to be much easier. As long as I could grab the opportunity to act within the first 60% of the charging period, then I was in the clear. 
I turned around and my twin swords danced about. It made another correct judgement, and the three big words “Successful Skill Break” flew into the air once again. Tsk tsk*, this Pulse Break Style is so manly and beautiful, I should’ve learnt it earlier!
I passed through the group of monsters while killing them, and the big blue words “Successful Skill Break” kept flying up into the air. I looked at Wan Er standing there beautifully as she lightly laughed: “How manly…”
Dong Cheng was instead releasing AoE magic attacks while in midair. [Thunderbolt Finger] and [Magma Lance] devastated the group of monsters, and Qing Qian’s [Grip of the Firefox] began to take effect. Finally, Ran Min, Dong Cheng Lei, and the others began to land. [Whirlwind Slash], [Halberd Whirlwind], and other skills were activated, which swept away the monsters at the landing point. Without even three minutes passing, there were 50+ bodies of Level 122 Orange Rock Triceratops on the stone path. Furthermore, these Triceratops even dropped a fiery-red carapace, and there were a total of 11 of them. When I collected them to look at them, it was actually something good--
[Shell of the Orange Rock Triceratop]: Material for making Level 11 Armors and Shields. It can be used to forge a Saint Tier Equipment. Requires Heavenly Tier Level 1 [Armor Forging] and [Shield Forging] skills.
　　……
I asked: “Who has the highest [Armor Forging] and [Shield Forging] skills in [Zhan Long]?”
Fox whispered: “We have 7 people who have Level 10 [Armor Forging], and one who has a Heavenly Tier Level 1 skill. For [Shield Forging], we have 2 at Heavenly Tier Level 1, and 20+ Level 10 ones. Just give these materials to me, I’ll take care of it.”
“OK!”
If Fox took care of it, I was also reassured. This guy was [Zhan Long]’s most earnest player. Although it seemed like he had a special temper, he was also very experienced at doing things. He was very cautious while solving problems, and he was the most suitable for doing these kinds of more complicated things like logistics. As for Little Wolf and Old K who had explosive tempers, they were still more suitable to fighting in battle.
As we continued advancing, all of the [Shell of the Orange Rock Triceratop]s were given to Fox and his two subordinates. When we returned, we could create a bunch of Saint Tier Heavy Armors and Shields for [Zhan Long]. This was what we needed the most. Raising the stats and combat power of a large quantity of our members was the true path to victory.
　　……
After advancing for almost 3 hours, we had killed our way through the 8th Floor. We had finally made our way to the end of the path, with a precipice in front of us. There was an enormous Triceratops lying there, that was emanating an earthly aura from all over its body. Its eyelids were lazily drooping, as if it didn’t put us in his eyes at all.
Li Mu looked at me while curling his lips, “Go, take a look at his stats…”
I was speechless, “Are you guys commanding your guild leader?”
Wan Er lightly laughed, “Who let you have the highest level here? Quickly go…”
“Yup.”
I urged my horse forward, and I could already see the stats of this enormous Triceratops when I was about 40 yards away. Nobody would’ve thought that this big guy who was so enormous was actually a Magic Attack type BOSS--
[Horn of Darkness・Li Mei] (Demon Harvest Tier BOSS)
Level: 122
Magic Attack: 9980-11400
Defense: 10000
Health: 150000000
Skills: [Boulder Armor] [Green Rock Strike] [Chaotic Rock Dance] [Horn Rush]
Introduction: Li Mei, the former Triceratops King. After the summons of the dark power, he had degenerated into an endless cycle of reincarnation, turning into the guardian of Pangu’s Abyss. Apart from his sturdy armor that is impervious to sword and blade, the Triceratops King also has the power to summon rock-type magic. One cannot imagine how terrifying the rock fragment attacks are. There was once a bandit team that had 10000 people in it, all of whom were killed by this Horn of Darkness Triceratops King, causing blood to flow into rivers. Once you encounter this Horn of Darkness, run away youth, or else you may never have the chance to.
　　……
“Cute…”
Li Mu was speechless, “This motherf*cker...what a high defense and magic attack, it’s going to be a bit hard to take care of him…”
Qing Qian giggled, “Please, is there no better BOSS that’s easier to kill than this Triceratops King? At least, it’s like this. Do you wanna bet 10000 gold, that we can kill this Triceratops King without any damage?”
Li Mu grinned, “I’m not betting, I’ll definitely lose every bet.”
Qing Qian pouted her little mouth, “Isn’t Valiant Bravery’s boss too scared…”
Wang Jian, Lian Po, Bai Qi, and the others lowered their heads in shame.
　
Wan Er held her dagger in one hand, and bent her slender waistline with the other. She gracefully stood by my side, as she laughed, “It’s true that it’s much easier to beat it now. Pig can go fight it alone, and after he pulls its aggro by 100%, we can attack from afar. Darling Duck, Thousand League Spring, you and 20 Healers should give Boss [Anti-Magic Shield] in order, and then lock your heals on him. Even if the BOSS’s magic attack was stronger, we can still beat it without losing anyone!”
Darling Duck lightly laughed, “Yup, such a shameless method…”
Wan Er lightly laughed, “The only requirement is that we must be able to break its defense. Don’t forget, this BOSS has 10000 basic defense, and it’s also a magic type BOSS, which means that it has a high magic defense. Let’s start, I’m already getting impatient…”
I knew why Wan Er was so impatient. She was a Moon Elf, and her resistance towards magic attacks was very strong. She could definitely fight side-by-side with me during this fight.
　　……
“Keng keng…”
After taking out my twin swords, I opened up my hand, activating [Great Realm of Desolation] and targeted the Triceratops King!
“Peng!”
　　“6587！”
Sure enough, I was almost unable to break through its defense, and this was before it even activated [Enormous Rock Armor]. I urged my horse forward with my sword in hand. At the same time, a cold arrow flew overhead with a “Sou”. Dancing Forest’s [Shield Breaker Shot] activated, and consecutively 5 times, lowering the BOSS’s defense by 19.7%. This was good enough.
“Roar roar…”
Facing my attacks, the Triceratops King rapidly stood up, and let out a discontented roar. Its head wobbled as the surroundings were suffused with the power of rock magic. In the next moment, an enormous green-coloured rock descended from the sky. With a “Peng”, it smashed into me and shattered into fragments, dealing a terrifying 29120 damage. That was almost enough to instantly kill me!
My face almost turned purple. Behind me, Darling Duck shouted, “I’ll go first!”
“Swoosh!”
The green coloured [Anti-Magic Shield] landed on me, wrapping around me. The Triceratops King raised its sharp claws, and the summoned rocks continued to attack me. However, since I was under the protection of [Anti-Magic Shield],  I didn’t take damage 3 consecutive times, but I managed to instantly deal several tens of thousands of damage, pulling over 95% of its aggro. Under Wan Er’s command, a volley of arrows and spells flew out. The long-distance players were starting their work.
“Roar…”
The health of the Triceratops King directly dropped, and within its rage, it continued activating skills--[Chaotic Rock Dance]!
“Hua la la…”
The rocks on the floor were all torn into pieces, and flew out, cutting me up, and almost caused the [Anti-Magic Shield] that Thousand League Spring BUFFed me with to instantly break during this [Chaotic Rock Dance]. I quickly launched attacks before the second [Anti-Magic Shield] arrived, and at the same time, Thousand League Spring also shouted, “Everyone deal damage! One [Anti-Magic Shield] will drain almost 30% of our Mana, if we have a drawn out fight, our Mana will get sucked dry!”
Wan Er nodded her head, and charged in front with her daggers in hand. The three consecutive hits of [Blade of the Death God] exploded on the BOSS’s body, and its armor breaking effect was extremely obvious. After getting violently hit twice, the Triceratops’ defense was also completely beaten. It immediately used a [Green Rock Strike]!
“Swoosh!”
Wan Er grabbed her metal umbrella, and opened it with a “Pa”. Under the defensive mode of the metal umbrella, [Green Rock Strike]’s damage was cut down by at least 50%, and our beautiful little miss naturally didn’t die.
Just like this, with our two close combat fighters pulling all the aggro, the others gave the BOSS a painful beating. With the were 20 Healers standing in a line to heal us, it was near impossible for us to die. It was just as Qing Qian had said. Killing this magic type BOSS was very simple.
