
[] [] []
Chapter 513 Guarding Green Qilin Abyss
1000 people entered Green Qilin Valley. It was currently late autumn and fiery leaves fluttered in the wind and softly fell to the bottom. I raised my Dragon Reservoir Sword and walked forward to the front while my Flaming Tiger God scouted the area 100 yards ahead of me. If there were any ambushes, my little tiger would definitely notice it. If it gets killed, then it gets killed. It wouldn’t be too big of a loss. It wasn’t as though it hadn’t died before. During this event, if players died then they wouldn’t be able to revive for 24 hours, but for this little tiger, it could revive after ten minutes of cool down.
……
“Sha sha….”
The leaves on our right flank rustled and Wolf raised a dagger and sprinted over shouting, “Who’s there, come out!”
The leaves rustled again and a girl holding a magic staff came out. Her long hair had many loose leaves in it and she stared at us, “You guys came?”
I couldn’t help but smile. It was none other than [Blood Contract]’s number one Healer—— Who’s Blue. Behind her, Han Bei Song held an indigo longsword and lead a group of people over. When they saw the 1000 [Zhan Long] members, he couldn’t help but laugh, “Well, damn. What a coincidence, to see Guild Master Zi Zai here!”
I looked at Han Bei Song, and saw that his armor was already tattered while the blade in his hand had many nicks in it. It probably had less than 10% durability at this point. The [Blood Contract] members behind him were in the same state. This group of bastards had fiercely battled those NPCs and probably got quite a bit of profits from them. Quite a few members had Emperor Tier and Valkyrie Tier equipments and a dozen of the top players had equipment that wasn’t much weaker than that of the elites of [Zhan Long] behind me.
“Thank you for your trouble, brothers!”
I cupped my fist in my other hand and bowed with a smile, “When [Zhan Long] is in trouble, you guys came and suffered with us. This favor, [Zhan Long] will always remember and never forget!”
Han Bei Song shook his head with a smile, “It’s just a small favor, don’t think too much of it. After all this is a game, and it’s not like we’re actually fighting. Without [Zhan Long], where else would we get such an interesting PK opportunity where we can show off our strength….”
Who’s Blue couldn’t help but smile, “After ending up in such a miserable state from fighting with NPCs and [Vanguard]’s three divisions, is it still called ‘showing off our strength’?”
Han Bei Song rubbed his nose and looked at Who’s Blue and said, “For girls who like ridiculing others their chest won’t grow. Aiya, my dear, you’ve really been cursed already!”
Who’s Blue’s face turned red and she kicked his shin, “Don’t look!”
Han Bei Song looked down and smiled and then looked at Wan Er, Dong Cheng, Qing Qian, Dancing Forest, and Tang Xin who were by my side. With an envying stare he smiled, “Hmph, look how lucky [Zhan Long] is, so many pretty and curvy beauties…. Guild Master Zi Zai, does [Zhan Long] still take divisions? What do you think about our [Blood Contract]? Do you want to try adding a few of us into your divisions?”
I hesitated.
A group of [Blood Contract] players behind Han Bei Song all pulled out their swords and pointed them at the back of their Guild Master and shouted, “Guild Master, watch your integrity!”
Wan Er and Dong Cheng both grinned. Wan Er then crossed her arms in front of her chest, pushing out the two full mounds on her chest, but she seemed to not notice. Instead, she walked forward and said, “Li Xiao Yao, your allies really are interesting~”
Old K laughed, “Why isn’t the beauty Cang Tong calling that little Li a pig?”
“I figured I should leave him with a little face in front of outsiders….” Wan Er’s eyes were as limpid as a stream and smiled as she looked at me.
I rubbed my nose and smiled, “Alright, let’s not talk about this nonsense. Let’s head straight to the heart of Green Qilin Valley and meet up with Li Mu and the others. Han Bei Song, why don’t you prepare to bring your people from [Blood Contract] along with us as well!”
Han Bei Song stared at me, “If you head further eastward, the area is covered with NPC and Ba Huang Camp players. You have but 1000 people. That’s not even enough for them to pick their teeth with, are you trying to die?”
I smiled and explained, “ [Zhan Long], [Blood Contract], and [Enemies at the Gate] altogether add up to less than 20,000 players. No matter how hard we try, we aren’t going to be able to hold off the advance of [Vanguard], [Soaring Dragon] and the rest. Furthermore, [Hero’s Mound] has also sent out troops. [Prague] hasn’t budged an inch yet. I have no idea what to expect from these next 12 hours. If we don’t take Chi Yu Han and Chi Yu Qing, then there’s no point in escaping anywhere, and so I don’t plan on escaping. I’ll be taking the elites of [Zhan Long] and enter into Green Qilin Abyss. There, we’ll battle with anybody who dares to provoke us. As long as we can hold on for 12 more hours, we’ll win!”
Hen Bei Song grunted and pointed to the north, “Then I’ll take my brothers from [Blood Contract] to the Northern side of Glacial River Valley and catch some fish. If [Zhan Long] needs anything, then just let me know. As a friendly guild, [Blood Contract] will do anything for you guys!”
“Brothers, be careful on the road!”
“Ok!”
……
After we said goodbye to [Blood Contract], the [Zhan Long] camp’s elites all headed eastward. Ten minutes later, a large group of orange name players ran towards us from a distance. It was our players from the Valiant Bravery Camp. Li Mu, Wang Jian, Lian Po, and Bai Qi were all still alive and I was able to put that worry to rest. We still needed them in our next battle in the Abyss!
“Guild Master!” Li Mu raised his sword and sprinted over. He laughed, “Looks like you guys haven’t all been killed. Now I can be relieved!”
Dong Cheng smiled, “Such comforting words, I was almost moved to tears….”
Wang Jian wiped away some of the blood on his face and smiled, “Brother Xiao Yao, what’s the next step?”
I nodded, “Yup! Immediately pick out 200 of the top players from the 5000 we have left and have them follow me. We need players from all types of classes. Focus on the long range and Healer types first. We don’t need too many tank type players. Pick the people with the highest damage first.”
“Yes sir!”
A few minutes later, we had picked out all of the members. Two hundred people from the main guild made two teams of a hundred players each. Afterwards, the [Zhan Long: Defense Army]’s Guild Master Yao Yan didn’t join. As the highest command level player, she was to lead the other 5000 players towards Glacial River Valley and meet up with Han Bei Song and Misty Palace. After that, they’ll continue to roam towards the northern border of Ba Huang City. This way, they can come meet up with us at any point. They would be our last trump card.
After splitting up, Yao Yan took the 4800 people and disappeared into the maple forest. I then lead everyone to the north 300 yards. In the distance, Green Qilin Abyss already appeared!
This map was as unusual as it was before. Glancing into it, you wouldn’t be able to see the bottom. There was no other way in but the vines that were tied to a few big trees that grew beside it.
“Good children, this map really tests your courage!” Li Mu laughed and said, “Who wants to be an example and go down?”
I raised my sword and smiled, “I’ll go!”
I retreated a few steps and then suddenly charged forward. My Cloud Stepping Boots kicked off one of the boulders on the edge with a “Pa!”. I flew into the air and grabbed onto one of the vines. As I was suspended in the air, I looked towards everyone and said, “You must calculate the distance and angle of your jump. If you don’t have faith in your ability to do so, then you can climb towards the tree and then get onto the vine from there. Safety is your first priority. Once you fall down there, every bone in your body would get crushed. This abyss is at least 100 meters deep!”
Matcha stuck out her tongue and smiled, “Alright, then I’ll just climb the tree. I have absolutely no faith in my depth perception…”
Wan Er, Dong Cheng and Qing Qian, on the other hand, had no hesitations. They leapt up and each grabbed onto a vine and slowly slid down and I followed behind them. On the top, Li Mu, Wang Jian, Wolf and One Second Hero all followed in our steps. Of course there was also around 50% of our players who decided to climb the trees. This was a matter of life and death, and was not something to joke around with.
……
In the middle of the abyss, a thick fog covered the air. This was the reason one couldn’t see the bottom. Green Qilin Abyss was like this year round. Us [Zhan Long] players who hang around this map have already gotten used to this.
Around a hundred meters down the vines, I finally saw the grass at the bottom. I released my grip, and “Shua!” jumped down and landed on the ground. I raised my hand and pulled out my Dragon Reservoir Sword.
“Who’s there?!”
Chi Yu Han’s voice came from a bush nearby us. He had already pulled his Heaven’s Spite sword out and was protecting Chi Yu Qing.
I smiled, “Don’t worry, it’s us!”
Chi Yu Han looked at all of us and smiled, “So it was you guys. That’s good, you were able to return alive. I thought that I was going to have to charge through Ba Huang City’s encirclement!”
“Don’t worry, we still have hope! Next, we plan on standing a siege here. Chi Yu Han, why don’t you take your sister and hide in that cave? This way we can fight without any worries!”
“Alright….” Chi Yu Han picked up his sister Chi Yu Qing and took her to the cave. Afterwards, he took his sword in hand and walked out with a smile, “This time, I want to fight by your side. I want to let those aristocrats from Ba Huang City know that I, Chi Yu Han, will not stupidly stick my neck out and let them cut it off!”
“Yes!”
……
The vines in the sky began to swing and players from [Zhan Long] continuously slid downwards. Not long after, all 200 people arrived. Each stood at the bottom of the abyss. With 200 people in this small map, it wasn’t crowded, and felt just right. Furthermore, around each vine stood 3-7 elite heavy armor players. Like this, if anybody came from the top, they would land right into an attack from both our heavy armor and ranged players. All we have to do is sit tight and wait for them. In addition, this area is extremely narrow, and there’s no way for the enemy to try and use those Death God Arrow machines. This was our greatest advantage!
“Shua!”
I waved my hand and set up an [Azure Dragon Crossbow] behind me. I stood at the center of the abyss. My hand suddenly tightened around my Dragon Reservoir Sword. I could already hear the sounds of other players. I said in the team chat, be careful, there’s people up there. Do the Assassins at the top have sight on them?”
Li Mu smiled, “Yup, it’s [Flying Dragon]. They’ve come at us again, and this time, it’s Drunken Spear leading the army!”
I smiled, “Alright, let’s wait for them to come down. This time, I’m definitely not letting that Drunken Spear escape!”
Wang Jian, Old K, and Moon Feather all gripped their weapons, excitement showing on their faces.
[] [] []

