
Chapter 650 Dawn of Puragtory
"Haha, you really are violent!"
Qing Qian raised the Blade of Hell in her hand, and a flame encircled around the little beauty. In the next moment, the figure of a firefox pounced towards the opposing five people. It was the effect from [Grip of the Firefox]. Also, because she activated it using a Divine Tier Dagger, the Blade of Hell, her killing power was even higher. In an instant, the health of the opposing team directly dropped. 
Dong Cheng was somewhat speechless, as she extended out a finger. She activated [Thunderbolt Finger] into the crowd of enemies. She then swept out her staff and laughed, "Let's end it now!"
"Grrr..."
Beast roars came in waves and many flame beasts charged out of purgatory, wreaking havoc amongst her targets. You could just imagine how terrifying the Holy Ghost Level 1 [Flame Beast Burst Raid] was, especially with Dong Cheng’s magic attack. In the end, as Wan Er stood there, all that was left were five corpses. She was somewhat speechless as she pouted her small mouth: "Don't play around like this, they'll delete their accounts..."
Darling Duck couldn't help but laugh: "Exactly!"
It was 5:0, we completely defeated the enemy!
……
"Ding!"
System Notification: Congratulations, your team [Xiao Yao Zi Zai] has successfully advanced to the next round!
……
Within the sealed competition room, our team sat in a circle as we waited to be paired with the next opponent. 
Dong Cheng happily said, "If we win another two matches, we can enter the top 32, and can go to the offline competition. Are you excited?"
I crossed my arms over my chest and said, "It's not that exciting, is it? I entered the top 4 in the Rise of the Heroes tournament, this is nothing much..."
Dong Cheng pouted her small mouth, "I hate you..." 
Not long after, the large screen flashed, and our next matchup was shown. Our opponents were none other than the second team of [Legend]. Fang Ge Que was not in this team——
1v1: Xiao Yao Zi Zai-Level 119 Dragon Rider VS Dawn of Purgatory-Level 114 Archer
1v1: Cang Tong-Level 117 Hermit God VS Drunken Moment-Level 115 Knight(could be Intoxicated Fleeting Time but imma use horoscope)
1v1: Yue Qing Qian-Level 115 Assassin VS Misty Rain -Level 114 Assassin
2v2: Cang Tong-Level 117 Hermit God & Xiao Yao Zi Zai-Level 119 Dragon Rider VS Dawn of Purgatory-Level 114 Archer & Drunken Moment -Level 115 Knight
5V5：ALL　VS　ALL
……
... ...
Looking at the big screen, I said, "This is [Legend]'s second team?Could it be that they are at the level of Li Mu and the others?"
Wan Er nodded, "Yup!"
Qing Qian was investigating while speaking, "Drunken, CBN Rankings Rank 51. Purgatory Light is ranked 47. Misty Rain is ranked 117. Brother Xiao Yao, this team...seems to be quite strong, especially that Dawn of Purgatory! Supposedly, he's already [Legend]'s number one Archer, and is regarded highly by Fang Ge Que!"
"Yup, I know..." As I said that, I gripped the handle of the Dragon Reservoir Sword. A smile appeared on my face as I said: "Even if it's like this, we still have to try and get a 5:0 score to KO this team. After all, our group's CBN Battlenet Rankings are higher than theirs!We (something like 'we indeed have/ but we have)have 4 people that are in the top 20 of the CBN Battlenet Rankings!"
Qing Qian slightly laughed, "Alright. Good luck, Brother Xiao Yao! Go fight for a good start, and defeat that Dawn of Purgatory!"
"Yup..."
After a few seconds, I was teleported into the battlefield!
"Swoosh!"
I arrived in a battlefield which had many green hills surrounding it. Dawn of Purgatory was already standing in front of me with his longbow in hand. He laughed, "I didn't think that we would unexpectedly meet such a strong enemy during the 14th round. Xiao Yao Zi Zai, it's been a long time since we last met. When you used the Magic Dragon Huo Li to kill of 5000 of our elites in the Glacial River Valley, I hadn't joined [Legend]. I extremely admire an expert like yo.”
The corner of my mouth twitched, "Thank you! Please fight with all your strength!” 
Dawn of Purgatory raised his hand and pulled out an arrow as he laughed: "Okay!"
“3！”
“2！”
“1！”
Battle start. 
In the instant that the countdown finished, Dawn of Purgatory didn't have the slightest hesitation at all as he raised his hand to lock on to me. Following that, the light of the wind elements explosively increased on his bow, and 7 consecutive arrows flew towards me. They were Homing Arrows. This was a skill that could automatically pursue the target. This was also the first time that I had seen a skill like this in the game. Sure enough, he deserved to be called the number one Archer of [Legend]. 
Facing the pursuit of the 7 arrows, I held my twin swords as I weaved around and evaded them. At the same time, I quickly activated skills that would increase my movement speed, and used my maximum speed to charge towards Dawn of Purgatory. My back slightly trembled. The first Homing Arrow had already hit me. 
“4221！”
The damage was still considered as not bad, but if 7 consecutive arrows hit me, it would still be extremely difficult for me to take. 
I looked at the angle of the arrows and suddenly halted my footsteps. My Yuan Rong Combat Boots slid on the stone with a "sha sha sha", and the Dragon Reservoir Sword in my right hand flashed. The sharp point of [Seven Star Fragment Slash] explosively increased and directly slashed over. 
Who would've thought that Purgatory Light would still have a skill to respond to it. He extended his five fingers out, and my body immediately sank, as if my weight had increased tenfold. This kind of feeling was somewhat similar to the Gravity Magic of the Elf Queen Lanais. Only, Purgatory Light's skill was able to be chained. After the gravity locked on to me, his body immediately shot backwards, and pulled his hand back to use [Scattered Shot]!
"Woosh!"
I was vigilant from the bottom of my heart. I couldn't get hit by this attack. If I did, my boats could get sunken. The [Scattered Shot] would stun me. This, added on to the combined attack of the 6 Homing Arrows behind me, and a round of [Rising Dragon Shot]+[Shot of the Archery God] from him, would practically kill me. 
Once I thought about this, I took a deep breath, and used a [Blade Rush] before the [Scattered Shot] reached its target!
“MISS！”
I successfully MISSed it, and raised my hand to use [Binding Chains]!
Dawn of Purgatory’s reaction was exceptionally quick, and his leather boots stamped on the ground and sliding across the ground to MISS it. At the same time, he didn't forget to pull his bowstring back and use a normal attack on me. WIth a "pa pa pa", he depleted my health. At the same time, 3 Homing Arrows from behind also caught up to me. Under the consecutive arrows, my health was already at only 60%. I hastily used [Cleansing Rain]+Level 11 Potion. This was the first time in the Hero's Wings that I drank a potion. 
Looking at Dawn of Purgatory’s elegant kiting and combat skills, I clenched my teeth. Motherfxcker, I won't use [Ice Domain], I must use close combat to chase after him and kill him!
I raised my hand, and directly threw the Brilliant Fire Emperor at him. [Blade Spin] locked on to him and attacked him. The MISS rate of using it like this was especially high, but I just wanted to distract him.  
"Ah?"
Dawn of Purgatory retreated and dodged the first Spin attack. He had a shocked expression on his face, but he still maintained a 30 yard distance between us. I slightly smiled. Changing a combat tactic to kill him is also fine, I won't chase him anymore!
A burst of energy surged below my feet, and [Strength of a Thousand Men] was charged up. I extended my left hand outwards, and used my Divine Dragon Slaying Arms!
"Swoosh!"
In the next moment, Dawn of Purgatory was directly grabbed and brought in front of me. [Strength of a Thousand Men] exploded out when there was practically no distance between us, but this brat's reaction speed was simply too quick! In the instant that he was caught, he activated the effect of [Crystallize], which gave him 1 second of invulnerability!
I continuously MISSed a few times, and only the last hit struck him!
“14228！”
He still didn't die. I caught the Brilliant Fire Emperor that was returning. Raging flames suddenly rose around my body, and I instantly activated a [Sword Tempest]!
“12119！”
He finally stopped moving this time. Dawn of Purgatory had a helpless expression as he collapsed to the ground. Even if his kiting skills were so good that he could already make the alchemy pot turn green, he still couldn't escape from the pursuit of my [Defeat the Dragon] special skill. This was the advantage of the players of the Drunken Sword Style. They would always have a tactic that you wouldn't think of. 
1:0！
I didn't disgrace my mission and obtained the first point, and was teleported out of the field. 
In the second match, Wan Er would be facing a Knight, Drunken Moment. Supposedly, this guy was the number one Knight in [Legend] beside Xuan Yuan Feng. His equipment also seemed like it wasn't that bad. 
Furthermore, Assassins would be at a disadvantage while fighting against Knights, especially Tanky Knights. Many Assassins would be unable to move these knights, and would be poked to death with a few spear strikes. This situation occurred everywhere, and Assassins would always move around Knight if they met in a wild PK between enemy guilds. 
Drunken Moment stood in the battlefield with a long spear held in his right hand, and a green-rock-coloured heavy shield in his left hand. He laughed as he looked at Wan Er, and he said: "Beauty Cang Tong, how rare, we actually get the chance to meet each other in battle..."
The corner of Wan Er's mouth raised, and she exposed a smile. However, she didn't say anything and only assumed a combat stance. Her body slowly disappeared into the wind. Facing such a tyrannical Knight, Wan Er already planned to use stealth to deal a sneak attack. If not, her win might not be so stable. 
"Heng heng..."
Drunken Moment stood in his original place with his heavy shield held and didn’t move from his spot, and stood like a mountain after the countdown ended. [Dou Qi Armor] and other skills were all activated, and after that, he used a pair of clear eyes to carefully look at his surroundings. When the wind blew, or the leaves floated around, he would prick his ears up to catch every single detail, trying to find Wan Er's specific location. Unfortunately, Wan Er was the nation's number one Assassin, so how would her stealth be so easy to discover. (wording)
"Swoosh!"
A bloody light suddenly rose, and a sneak attack from the back directly stunned Drunken Moment. Following that, it was the three consecutive hits of [Blade of the Death God]!
“7842！”
“10291！”
“13227！”
After the three hits, Drunken Moment still had almost 30% of health left. His health wasn’t for show!
"Ha!"
After he woke up from the stun, Drunken Moment immediately turned around to use a [Valiant Strike]. With a "peng", he stunned Wan Er. Following that was a set of attack moves, which was [Flame Blade]+[Skyshaker Stab]!
“6252！”
“5527！”
It was extremely unfortunate that Wan Er's defense wouldn't lose to a top tier warrior, while Drunken Moment was too focused on health and defense, it also meant that his attack power would at most be comparable to One Second Hero's level. 
Wan Er hastily retreated and waited for the recovery of her energy. If not, she wouldn't be able to launch another set of skills. Intoxicated Horoscope was just standing on his original location. After downing a health potion and activating [Cleansing Wind], he let out a low roar, and the figure of a soaring dragon appeared around him. The players outside the arena could already see the notification. It was the skill [Dragon Blood], which raised his health limit by 50%.  Because of this, this guy at least had nearly 70000 health. Furthermore, after another angry roar, he activated another skill. Divine Rock Armor, which raised his defense by 150%!
Qing Qian was slightly stunned, "Damn, he's rock solid. Can Sister Cang Tong be able to break past his defense?"
I confidently said, "Don't worry, if Wan Er can't move something at this level, then she wouldn’t be one of the top players in the nation."
Sure enough, after approximately 5 seconds later, Wan Er's energy was already full. She went into stealth once again, and continued dealing sneak attacks. Drunken Moment was a Knight, and could only wave his spear around to aimlessly attack. However, he was unable to force Wan Er to appear, and after a few seconds, a bloody light swept across him, and he was stunned again.
