
Chapter 652 Training the Soldiers for Battle
The second match started. Wan Er went out to fight, and her opponent was a Level 113 Swordsman, Quicksand Finger. 
Quicksand Finger was a roughly 20 year old youth, and he carried a broadsword on his back. He lazily swung his arms, letting his crimson cloak flutter in the wind. He looked at Wan Er, and a gaze of admiration unconsciously appeared in his eyes. He smiled, "I really didn't think that I would meet the beauty Cang Tong and end my journey in the top sixty four..."
Wan Er lightly laughed, "You won’t necessarily end your journey here. However, I will definitely use all my strength."
"Yup, I'll fight with all my power too!"
At that moment, there was suddenly an extra camera symbol on the game interface. Everyone suddenly got a notification--
"Ding!"
System Notification: Please note, the team fight that you are in has been chosen to be broadcasted by the China Virtual Gaming Competition Channel. The commentator for this live broadcast is ZGTV-Fei Er!
Our luck was truly good. They actually chose the fight that our team was in. Unfortunately for me, they started filming after my match was over, decreasing my exposure…. 
……
The second the countdown finished, Wan Er held her twin daggers and charged over. The dagger flashed, it was [Gouge]. 
Quicksand Finger was even more decisive, and knew that assassin’s were extremely skilled at dodging. He didn’t even bother using [Flame Blade]. He charged forward and activated an AOE attack, [Break Sword]. 
However, at this moment, Wan Er's movements were even more astonishing. Her daggers actually flashed, causing the energy of [Gouge] to disperse. She then dashed two meters away where she found the most suitable angle. Then, she lightly smacked her dagger against the center of her opponent’s blade. She raised her combat boots and kicked Quicksand Finger's right ankle, causing him to lose his balance. Her right dagger was like lightning as it once again smashed against his blade."Peng", a blue light surged forth, causing four huge blue words to fly up into the air-- 
"Successful Skill Break!"
Motherf*cker, who would've thought that Wan Er would suddenly use the Pulse Break Style!
Quicksand Finger was also startled. Furthermore, his body went sluggish as a side effect from the successful skill break. Only then did Wan Er's [Gouge] come. She followed the attack with [Blade of the Death God] and [Divine Legion Piercing], killing Quicksand Finger in one set of skills. 
2:0, it was another astonishing victory!
Originally, the Pulse Break Style had already left the spotlight. But after the fight in the Magic Dragon's Nest, the skills of the Pulse Break Style appeared in the hands of peak players like Q-Sword, Enchanting Picture, and Cang Tong, people have been wondering, is the past overlord of close combat players, the Pulse Break Style truly making a comeback?
……
Third match, Dong Cheng VS Conqueror. Conqueror was a team leader from [House of Prestige]. In fact, all of the five people in our enemy team were team leaders from [House of Prestige]. This also signified that we would disqualify half of the team leaders from [House of Prestige] once we won this match. If Bai Li Ruofeng heard about this, he would definitely vomit blood. 
There was no suspense to the battle at all. Dong Cheng relied on [Thunderbolt Finger] to lock on and attack the enemies, controlling their movements. [Thunderbolt Finger] was a hard skill, which would directly lock on to the target. In addition, it also prevented the target from dodging. Unless you used the Pulse Break Style at a close distance to interrupt it, it would definitely hit the enemy. Naturally, if the enemy had a piece of equipment like the Magic Spite Armor that would let you dodge effects of magic, then that would be a different story. 
Dong Cheng merely used 2 [Dimensional Leap]s before Conqueror had already collapsed on the floor and died. 
3:0, we had already won!
The fourth match. This time, the two friends Wan Er and Dong Cheng fought side by side. One of them would control the battle, while the other used long distance attacks, dominating the field against the two swordsmen. 
There wasn’t any suspense in the fifth match either. I didn't use [Ice Domain] anymore. This move had already been broken through. It was best that I preserve its cooldown and wait until the opponent was unprepared to use it. Everything went just as I had planned. After Wan Er and I destroyed the enemy formation, I used [Defeat the Dragon] to instakill the enemy Healer. It was only then that I used [Ice Domain]. All four people were frozen for 3 seconds, giving Dong Cheng and Qing Qian to kill them all at once. 
It was a 5:0 sweep. Like this, we made it through the preliminaries!
……
"Ding!"
System Notification: Congratulations, the [Xiao Yao Zi Zai] team that you are in has successfully obtained the qualifications to participate in the next round of finals for the Chinese Servers! Once again, congratulations to your team! Please arrive in the Shanghai Game Convention Centre before 9 am on the 17th to check in!
……
"It's finished?"
Qing Qian squinted with her pair of beautiful eyes and smiled: "I haven't fought enough yet!!"
"Ah?!"
I couldn't help but laugh, "No problem, there's time for you to fight during the next finals tournament!"
At this time, the system gave us a prompt, and we left the competition room. We were teleported to the east plaza of Tian Ling City. There were willow leaves swaying below the city walls, under which many player stalls were set up. Tian Ling City was just like normal, and we had successfully obtained the ticket to the offline tournament. To be fair, there weren't that many teams that could stop our team, and the chances of us meeting them wasn't high. 
Not long after, the sound of a bell resounded in the sky above Tian Ling City. All of the top 32 teams had already appeared--
"Ding!"
System Announcement: Congratulations to everyone! The final 32 teams in the Chinese area of the Hero's Wings tournament have been chosen! They are [Team Xiao Yao Zi Zai], [Team Fang Ge Que], [Team Q-Sword], [Team Li Mu], [Team Yan Zhao Warrior], and 27 other teams! The details can be found on the official website. All of the tournament tickets for the players will be purchased from the officials of the Hero's Wings. Please arrive in Shanghai in two days to prepare for the offline tournament! 
……
The guild chat had an unusual excitement to it--
Li Mu, "F*ck, Even I thought that we'd be knocked out! We actually advanced into the next round! Hahaha, our luck is too good!"
Wolf laughed, "My team also got into the Top 32! It seems like even Meng Yao's team advanced into the Top 32 as well. Our luck is truly not bad...""
I was stunned, "Meng Yao, you're entering the finals tournament too?"
Meng Yao giggled, "Yup, I stuck with some strong people managed to enter the finals competition. Brother, do you know...Yue Yao Yan, Star Blade, and Death God Elegy are too strong, I relied on them the whole way to enter the offline competition..."
I replied, "Alright..."
Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands, "I'm not happy!"
I was stunned, "What happened, Tang Xue?"
Li Mu coughed: "Thousand Suns' team met Q-Sword's team when she was in the Top 128, and was knocked out. You know that Q-Sword's team has players like Q-Sword, Seventh Tang, and Sword Tears. Naturally, Thousand Sun’s team was suppressed by them..."
I chuckled, "It's fine, don't be sad. Winning and losing are normal in wars. Just fight your way back into next year’s Hero's Wings!"
Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands, "Yup, looks like that’s my only option. There’s still a bright side to this. While you guys are off in the finals competition, I can go grind levels and clear maps. In any case, I can't let my level drop too much..."
"Yup..."
……
... ...
After eating dinner, I logged back onto the game. 
I took a trip to the Dragon's Den, and checked the situation there. After a few more days, we should be able to become a Level 7 Territory. That was good. Soon we’ll hit Level 8. At that point, we could start doing a large scale recruitment of NPC troops. After entering [Destiny] for a few months, I  already thoroughly understood the factors that influence the game. If I wanted to create clouds and rains with the flip of my hands in this virtual world, I would need two teams. One would be a player army that would win in every battle, and the other would be an NPC army that would be impregnable. For the army of players, we already had the 30000+ members of [Zhan Long]. As for the NPC army, then we would have to see how many strong troops that Chi Yu Han was able to recruit and train. However, with Chi Yu Han's Saint Level strength, it shouldn't be much of a problem. 
"Di!"
A message came from Wan Er: "Beloved, there's going to be a guild activity tonight...."
"Ah? What activity?" I asked with a smile. 
Wan Er opened her messenger, “That...Team Xiao Yao Zi Zai, Team Li Mu, Team Song Han, and Team Li Meng Yao. A total of four teams from [Zhan Long] have entered the Top 32. Therefore, Li Mu and Wolf suggested that we go to the city hall tonight, and train these people in techniques needed to fight other classes. With such a short time left, killing monsters to grind levels is of no use anymore. Making them familiar with the characteristics of the top players from each class would be more effective. Therefore, you have to come...The training will last from 7 to 12. Tomorrow, people who live far away will have to start making their way to Shanghai. We should head over earlier, and get familiar with the competition venue, so we don't get stage fright when the time comes."
I nodded my head and said, "Yup, no problem. I'm already in the city hall of Dragon's Den. You guys should just come over now, I'll give the privilege of entering the city hall to these 20 people."
"Good, I'm coming right away!"
……
Not long after, the players of [Zhan Long] walked in, one by one. Li Mu, Song Han, Bai Qi and the others walked into the hall together, and not long after that, Wan Er, Qing Qian, Dong Cheng, Matcha, and the others all arrived.
All twenty people were all present. Li Mu held his sword and asked, "How are we practicing?"
I waved my hand, "The great hall should be big enough for everyone. Just choose your own spaces and pick a partner. If you don't have confidence in fighting someone, then choose that someone as your training partner."
Li Mu raised his hand and pointed at me. He stared at me and said, "I don't have any confidence against you at all, so it'll be you!"
"I'll go..." I speechlessly laughed, "If you're trying to get bullied, then I'll fulfill your wish..."
Everyone laughed loudly. 
……
I chose a small area in the corner, and Li Mu started the duel.
"Ha, this brother is coming at you!"
Holding his blade, Li Mu charged straight at me. As the No.1 member of the [Valiant Bravery] camp, as well as a top 20 player in the CBN Battlenet Rankings, Li Mu's combat skill was unquestionable. I also paid attention to his moves, and raised my twin swords to meet him. I used four consecutive slashes at four different angles, without activating any skills. Li Mu's gaze swept across my slashes, and horizontally crossed his longsword with lightning-like speed. "Keng keng", he blocked two of the hits. He then made a defensive motion by holding his sword horizontally to withstand the last two hits!
“4882！”
“5211！”
After the parry succeeded, this guy quickly used [Blade Rush] to pierce through my body. Flames rose behind me. Motherfxcker, this was [Covering Sword Slash]!
I changed my field of vision and spun around to get a good look at his motions. I could clearly see the beginning motions of his skill. My Brilliant Fire Emperor slammed against his blade, while my Dragon Reservoir Sword struck its target. With a "pa", I suddenly smashed my sword hilt into the center of Li Mu’s blade. After that, I leapt up, and used my combat boots to slam against the centre joint of his shoulder. A blue light surged forth, the skill interrupt had succeeded.  
Without waiting for Li Mu to react, I used a Level 11 [Combo]. Furthermore, I also used an extra Level 12 [Wind Blade], causing both skills to land!
With a whirl, [Ice Domain] broke through the ground, freezing Li Mu. After that, the seven consecutive slashes from the twin sword style whizzed across his body!
"Plop..."
Li Mu was pulled by the system and collapsed to the ground on his knees. He helplessly held his forehead and laughed, "D*mn, I really can't beat you..."
