
[]  []  []
Chapter 16 – Mortal’s Scroll
“What the hell? 20 Gold Coins?!” The Tyrant of Western Chu was obviously angry, but he didn’t do anything to me. It seemed like he really wanted this Silver Feathered Bird.
On the side, Piggy whispered: “Ying Brother (common name for friends in chinese), we must buy it. You said it before, if we want to stand at the top of Ba Huang City, we need to be one step ahead of others. Look, the number of people under us, our equipment and our levels are quite impressive, but we don’t own a pet. This is the first pet to appear within Ba Huang City, so if we buy this Silver Feathered Bird, we would be the first ones to own a pet in Ba Huang City.”
The Western Tyrant gnashed his teeth, saying: “But…But 20 gold coins is too expensive, this guy is clearly trying to take advantage of us!”
Piggy gave a small laughter: “Brother, with your position and status, do you really care about 20 Gold Coins? Hmpf, I’ll take care of this…”
Tyrant of Western Chu pursed his lips and nodded: “Mm.”
……
Piggy quickly spun around, looked towards me and smiled: “Xiao Yao Zi Zai, we will accept your price, 20 Gold Coins, for this Silver Feathered Bird. But, give us 10 minutes to gather the money. As you know, everyone at most carries a few silver coins, and 20 Gold Coins is no small amount.”
I nodded, “Alright, I’ll wait for 10 minutes, go!”
“Yes!”
At the same time, my phone rang. Like before, it was forwarded into <Destiny>. Looking at the number, it was Wan Er’s…
“Li Xiao Yao. I’m hungry you know…”
“Currently I can’t leave the game, give me 10 minutes okay? I’ll come to the girl’s dorm in 10 minutes. Wait for me, okay?”
“Hurry up!”
Ending the call, I continued to wait. Before the 10 minutes were up, Piggy came running back. We exchanged goods, 20 Gold Coins for me, 1 Silver Feathered Bird for him. Waa, the dazzling sparkle that the Gold Coins gave off was really gorgeous. Taking advantage of others whenever I could, d*mn, that was a vicious deal.
With the trade complete, I no longer had anything to do.
……
After the Tyrant of Western Chu got his pet, he wanted to kill me. But since this was a city safe zone, no matter how little IQ he had it couldn’t be that low. So he glared at me with killing intent before picking up his sword and bitterly walking away. He was probably going to level up his new Silver Feathered Bird pet, because a pet without levels was undoubtedly weak.
My situation was a lot easier. Before, there were plenty of Silver-Leafed Herbs in my bag for me to use. The only problem was that I had no Alchemy Furnaces and thus no way of refining the herbs. But now that I had money, I could buy as many Alchemy Furnaces as I wanted. Every Alchemy Furnace costed 20 coppers, and every bottle of Refined Water costed 10 coppers. I rushed to get my Alchemy level up to level 3 before doing anything else. Level 2 potions could sell for 50 copper, so that was a profit of 40 coppers, but that amount of profit was nothing. Level 3 potions on the other hand could sell for 5 silvers at the NPC store. This was the way to earn money!
Remember that 1 Gold Coin = 100 Silver Coins = 10000 Copper Coins
……
Kneeling at a corner of the plaza, I used [Alchemy] 300 times, and finally, my bag was full of level 2 Silver Leaf pills. At the same time, a “Ding” sound appeared. After spending 120 pieces of silver coins, I finally reached level 3!
“Ding!”
System Notification: Congratulations! Your Alchemy level has risen up to LV-3, and because you are the first LV-3 Alchemist, you receive a reward: Charm +1!
Another point in Charm, nice!
Even leveling up rewarded you with charm, this was wonderful. Who knew how much Charm Lin Wan Er had. She would probably enter the game and have a message pop up:
System Notification: Congratulations! Because you are more beautiful than others with a 34D attractiveness, you receive a reward: Charm +5!……
If that happened then I would definitely quit!
……
Standing in the plaza, I shouted, “FRESHLY MADE LEVEL 2 POTIONS! RECOVERS 100 MANA! ONLY 40 COPPER PER POTION! ON SALE NOW! COME HERE IF YOU WANT TO BUY SOME!”
The surrounding sound immediately dropped, and within the crowd, a young girl fiddling with her dagger suddenly stopped, and glanced towards me. Her look triggered a familiar melody, “Only because the crowd looks at you for a split second more, they will never forget your face. I can only dream if one day we can meet again, I will miss the loneliness…”
“Hey!”
The young girl walked forward, awakening me from my musical world. She looked at me with a strange glare, “You are quite strange, do you not want to do business? Are you really selling level 2 potions for 40 copper coins each?”
I focused my eyes and looked up. Wow, this girl was quite the beauty, although her equipment was all white tiered, and the ups and downs of her body were very charming. Her dagger looked like a Black Iron, and her face was really beautiful. Mm, it was a minimal of 8 points. At the same time, there were words floating on top of her head, almost trying to say, “Do not anger her”… This was a rose with thorns———
ID: Yue Qin Qian [LV-19] Trainee Assassin
……
Level 19 assassin, she probably had no difficulty in killing the my level 16 healer that only had cloth armors. I couldn’t anger her, couldn’t anger her. I must improve my attitude!
A radiant smile appeared on my handsome face. I lowered my head to look at her and asked, “Yep, 40 copper coins per potion. How many would you like?”
Qing Qian smiled, “That’s good, I’ll take as many as you have!”
I looked into my bag. I had a total of 300 bottles, but I needed 50 for personal use, so I said, “I have a total of 250, do you really want them all?”
“Yes, give them all to me!”
“Okay!”
I opened the trade window, put in 250 bottles of potion, and Qing Qian also quickly put in 100 silver coins, and said with a sweet smile, “Thank you!”
“You’re welcome!”
I turned around and prepared to leave, but she stopped me, “Wait, where are you heading?”
I turned my head and asked, “Hm, why?”
Qing Qian tilted her head while looking at me, and smiled, “How about this, add me as a friend, and in the future if you have any high-leveled potions, tell me and I’ll buy them. I will always need them.”
I was a bit surprised, “You are an assassin, do you really need this many potions?”
“Oops, I forgot about self introductions. Actually, I am a manager level personnel from Prague Guild. My Position is Deputy Chief Officer. Prague Guild, you’ve heard of it before right?”
I nodded my head, “Mm, I’ve heard of it. In <Conquest>, there was also a guild called that. It was one of the top 10 guilds in the country.”
“Mm, that’s good. ” Qing Qian looked deeply at me, “If you created that many level 2 potions, your alchemy level must be level 3 right? Sooner or later, we will have a great need for level 3 potions, how about…how about you join our guild, and become our head alchemist? We…”
She smiled shyly, “We have a lot of benefits~”
I breathed deeply to fight against the temptation, “No thanks, I like running around solo, and I don’t like having restrictions from guilds. Especially a big guild like yours, where I need to follow orders from above. I am a person who enjoys going around solo.”
Qing Qian pouted her mouth, with a regrettable-looking smile, “That’s fine, I won’t try and force you, since we are friends from now on. If you have anything you want from my guild, feel free to contact me!”
“Mm, thanks!”
“OK, then I’m off…” Qing Qian turned and walked a few steps, then suddenly turned around and whispered, “Xiao Yao, I will remember you, from now on we’re friends….”
“Okay…..”
……
I stood there with my heart pumping dangerously fast, and silently cursed myself for being useless. Then, I started to do my own things.
The Prague Guild, they certainly knew what they were doing, using such a beauty to draw people in. Who knew how many players were charmed and joined the Prague Guild. It must not be a small amount. Sadly, it was ineffective against me since these days I had been following the out-of-this-world beauties Lin Wan Er and Dong Cheng Yue around. Because of that, my immune level against these powerful beauties had been greatly increased!
Looking at the time, 10 minutes had passed already! Crap, disconnect quickly!
As I flew towards the girl’s dorm, from far away, Lin Wan Er looked at me and stomped her feet, “Argh, Li Xiao Yao, you useless **** had us standing for 11 minutes!”
Dong Cheng Yue smiled lightly, “He must have had something busy in the game right? Or else he wouldn’t have let you stand around…”
I walked up and said, “Sorry I’m late, I was busy in the game!”
Wan Er mocked, “Oh? You just reached level 10, what could you have been busy with? Were you trying to get a girlfriend by guiding level 1 girls around?”
I coughed, “Oh you think too much. I was just creating some level 2 mana potions and doing business…”
“Creating potions?” Wan Er had her eyes wide open looking at me, “You finished the starting quests for being an Alchemist?”
“Ohh? What about it?” I looked at the beautiful Miss, “Have you not finished it?”
Wan Er’s face became red, a rare expression, and didn’t look at me anymore. Even my own heart wavered by this little girl’s behavior. It would be great if she kept this face.
Cheng Yue teased her as well, “Wan Er wanted to become a pharmacist, but when answering the instructor’s questions, she answered all three of them wrong, so now she has to wait until tomorrow to try again…”
I tightened my face, since I was afraid that if I laughed out loud, I would probably get killed by Wan Er.
War Er faintly glanceded at me, “If you want to laugh then laugh, we wouldn’t want you to hurt yourself, would we?”
I wiped away some tears, “Nothing of that sort! I just thought that m’lady is so smart, the system must have been bugged for you to get the answers wrong….”
Lin Wan Er: “See, even he knows. Like I said, there must have been a bug…”
Cheng Yue said, “Ah…I feel like my IQ will be dropped by you two, let’s go and eat….”
……
With a table full of food, the three of us sat around it and ate.
“Li Xiao Yao, how are the monsters around Ba Huang City, is there anything special about them?” Wan Er looked at me, and added another sentence, “Oh, I’m not talking about the monsters above level 15, only the ones under level 15, since I know you can’t possibly beat anything past level 15…”
My mouth twitched slightly, “…I’m already level 15…”
Cheng Yue’s mouth opened slightly, “Wow, your level is increasing pretty fast! You already reached level 15 after this short amount of time!”
I laughed a bit, “I haven’t been to the other cities, but I would guess it’s probably the same right? The special thing about Ba Huang City is the city badge, which ups the attack and defense by 3%.”
“Ah? There’s a city-wide buff?” Wan Er opened her attractive small mouth.
I was shocked, “Don’t tell me that you’ve haven’t went and gotten a city badge?”
“We really didn’t…”
I opened up my cellphone, searched around for a bit, and said, “Ah, Fan Shu’s city emblem, every player receives an undroppable <Mortal’s Scroll>. <Mortal’s Scroll>’s effect is absorbing your online time’s energy, converting it into EXP and gives it to the player. In other words, players from Fan Shu should be leveling up the quickest.”
Wan Er silently ate her rice, whining, “When we get back let’s get the <Mortal’s Scroll>. I’m so pissed. I was wondering why that barbaric knight that we just PKed had a floating scroll on his arm…”
[]  []  []

