
[]  []  []
Chapter 36 – Lower Your Sword!
This chapter was sponsored by Jason Phonngavong – Chapter 26 didn’t count
I turned around and saw Ageless Beauty staring at me with a pair of cold eyes. At the moment of my death, I heard some cold words, “This is what you get for going against Tyrant of Western Chu.”
Cha!
My body became limp, and I went into the soul status. I respawned in a nearby graveyard, which was near the NPC guard post that I encountered before. Going to the Black-Blooded cave should only take around 10 minutes, but, while ‘saving’ Ageless from danger, I killed a musketeer, and my name became red. Because of that, I dropped an extra level when I died, dropping from 27 straight down to 25. Sigh. What a huge loss!
I stood alone at the graveyard, and checked my item and equipment. I seemed to have dropped my white-tiered cloth wrist and leg guards, but luckily I didn’t drop my Ancient Shining Spear, or else that really would have made my heart break. Also, some other non-essential equipment from my bag also dropped. A red-named player’s item drop rate was really huge.
I clenched my first, and thought back. Ageless Beauty was definitely part of Liu Ying’s group. That guy, to make me take the bait, he used Ageless and Wind Chaser to create such a scene, and Wind Chaser even sacrificed 2 levels for Ageless to gain my trust and empathy. All in all, it was a betrayal, sigh…
……
Without any rage, I smiled slightly, and took my Ancient Spear. In my soul form, I headed towards the Black-Blooded cave. At the same time, I opened my pet window, and my mood switched instantly. Not towards anger, but towards ecstasy, because in my pet window, I had an extra pet, a Fire Skeleton with lingering flames around it!
I waved my hand over it, and the stats of the Fire Skeleton popped in front of my face, which made me even happier——
【Fire Skeleton】
Level：1
Attack：★★★★
Defense：★★★☆
HP：★★★★☆
Agility：★★☆
Magic Power：★☆
Excellency Rating：100%
……
100% excellency!!!
The line of words floated in front of me, and I felt like my whole body had been electrocuted. Damn, this luck. This might be the first pet that had 100% excellence. Looking at this Fire Skeleton’s attack, HP, and the 100% excellence, wasn’t this a godly pet? In fact, compared to my previous sales of the Silver-Feathered Bird, Killer Bee etc, this Fire Skeleton was on another level!
Great, even though I didn’t finish my mission this time, it was fine. This Fire Skeleton would sell for at least 100 gold coins! I was rich!
I made my way back, and returned to the 3rd level of the cave. Looking from afar, I noticed that Tyrant of Western Chu, Ageless Beauty and Wind Chaser etc. were grouping together to clear out the Fire Skeletons, slowly advancing towards the staircase going to the 4th level.
My corpse was within the group of people, silently laying there. A system notification said that I could revive right now, but I instantly clicked the ‘No’ button. If I revived right now I would get slaughtered instantly!
Looking at my corpse. Ageless Beauty frowned slightly, and said, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai must really hate me right now…”
Wind Chaser spun around and said, “Don’t worry about it. The moment this person entered Ba Huang City he has been obstructing [Wrath of the Heroes]’ plans. Hmph, he deserves to die!”
Yan Suo held her dagger and said “This…Xiao Yao Zi Zai, is he really Li Xiao Yao, a first year in our Liu Hua university?”
“Yeah, you should be able to check the archives. Li Xiao Yao, a newcomer in the Chinese department’s class 1.”
Yan Suo still seemed very worried.
Liu Ying held his sword and walked towards her. He embraced her, “Xu Yue, why are you so worried? Remember, you are my woman, you need to forever stand by me! Is it that…you’ve fallen for that little brat?”
Yan Suo’s little mouth opened, but she said nothing. After a short while, she suddenly hit Liu Ying’s chest and smiled, “What kind of joke is that? I fall for Li Xiao Yao? Impossible. Although he’s very handsome, I don’t like weak people. Don’t tell me that it’s not clear to you who I like?”
Liu Ying laughed, lowered his head and kissed Ageless’ lips. “After we finish this map, we’ll properly enjoy ourselves! Haha!”
Yan Suo’s face became red, and she continue stay in Liu Ying’s embrace.
While holding a gun, Piggy ran towards them, “Cough, Boss. We need to hurry and kill off the monsters so we can enter the 4th level quick right? I feel like Xiao Yao’s soul has already come back, or maybe he’s even watching at this moment. Are you trying to anger him to death by showing all this love? You know what they say, the more love you show, the faster you die…”
Liu Ying raised his eyebrows, and shouted into the empty space behind him, “Li Xiao Yao, do you see this? She’s mine, don’t even think about touching her you little brat!”
I clenched my fists and stood there without moving. A gentleman’s revenge could wait 10 years! I must have patience.
……
After half an hour or so, the 40+ people from [Wrath of the Heroes] completely wiped out the Fire Skeletons, and they even got a few Green-ranked equipment from the drops. All of them were excited, and praised this cave.
The moment before entering the 4th level, Tyrant of Western Chu glanced at my corpse, and said, “You three, stay here to look over his corpse. The rest follow with me into the 4th level, the boss in the cave should still be there, don’t let him ruin our boss hunting!”
“Yes boss!”
One knight and two musketeers stayed next to my corpse.
I chose not to revive, and I followed them in my soul form into the 4th level of the cave. The 4th level was occupied by Black-blood zombies, level 33 monsters with very high attack damage. But Liu Ying had brought 40+ people, all over level 20 and promoted, so killing the Black-blood zombies was a piece of cake.
……
I stood in the corridor of the 4th floor, and looked from afar. Mm, behind the crowds of Black-blooded zombies, there was a grey shadow sitting quietly. He was holding a staff, with loose hair, and his whole face was black. He didn’t look anything like a human nor a ghost, extremely frightening. Hovering over him were some eye-catching words——
【Mage Bi Ke】（Gold-ranked Boss）
Level：35
Attack：???
Defense：???
HP：???
Ability：???
Description: The evil mage Bi Ke, former mage of the Ba Huang City royal family. When he was young, he traveled to all 7 empires, and had quite a big reputation. Under unique circumstances, he came into contact with dark magic, and was immersed into the darkness. He could no longer be saved. Finally, he created the death medicine, and became one of the most wanted criminal of Tian Ling Empire.
……
I took a deep breath. It was a level 35 gold-ranked boss, so it was possible that it would drop gold-ranked equipment! That in itself was very tempting. In addition, no one had a gold-ranked equipment in the entire game; in fact, no one had even seen a silver-ranked equipment. The highest rank currently for equipment was bronze, so the major guilds would be challenging silver and gold-ranked bosses to gain high level equipment. This level 35 gold-ranked boss was quite a good catch.
If it dropped a gold-ranked equipment, that would be amazing!
But sadly, I was alone. But how could I possibly let them finish off this boss? Impossible. Also, next to Bi Ke was a bottle of green medicine. Without any doubt, that was the item I needed for this mission. If I got the medicine, then my mission would be complete.
From afar, Liu Ying also saw the boss, and couldn’t hold his excitement. He slashed with his sharp sword and killed off a Black-blooded zombie, before yelling, “Nice! There’s a boss, and it’s a gold-ranked one! Li Xiao Yao brought us here, and he gave us a grand gift!”
On the side, Piggy quickly ran and frowned, “Boss, don’t be so happy so soon..”
He muttered another few words, and quickly, a knight died from the claws of a Black-blooded skeleton.
I blinked my eyes, and quickly understood. In my soul form, players that were alive couldn’t see me, but other players who were dead and in soul form could see me. They sacrificed a knight to check if I was poking around or not! Cruel…
……
Well, I made a quick decision. I called out the system fairy, and disconnected from the game. You might have a devious plan, but I had my own plan. Who was afraid of who!
I took off my helmet, and brewed a cup of coffee. Then, I sat on my bed, and peacefully looked out into the starry sky.
On the other bed, Glasses also took off his helmet, and looked at me surprised, “Li guy, everyone else is busy leveling up, how do you have the leisure to drink coffee in the middle of the night?”
I smiled a bit, “Nah, I’m having a slight break right now. I’ll get back on later. I’ll play overnight today, and sleep in class tomorrow!”
Glasses also smiled, “Same here. Great minds think alike!”
After waiting for a good 30 minutes, I went back online.
Sha!
My soul was still at the 4th level, and the knight that had died had already revived. Of course, he wouldn’t wait half an hour just for me. Also, even though there were 40+ people, they may not even be able to finish up a level 35 gold-ranked boss. They knew that, so they needed to have their whole force available, or else the Mage Bi Ke might wipe out the entire group of [Wrath of the Heroes].
After waiting for nearly 4 hours, it was almost morning. Finally, Liu Ying and his group finished off all the Black-blooded zombies, and prepared to kill the boss!
“Careful everyone, the monks will go first and attack the boss to get their aggro. Healers heal the monk, and the attacking group will attack in 3s. Ranged attackers be careful who you hit, don’t cause any friendly fire!”
Liu Ying held his sword, stood aside and commanded his force.
On the side, a level 27 monk charged with his steel rod. As expected, he was completely bald, but he had full armor. Before reaching the boss, he stood still, and chanted something. Suddenly, his hands spread open, and a golden light enveloped the monk. It was a skill the monks got from their promotion——[Lower your Sword] LV-3! It lowered the attack of the target by 3%, and the monk securely got a lot of aggro!
……
Jie jie jie jie…
A gloomy laughter echoed throughout the halls. Mage Bi Ke laughed, and suddenly stood up. Magic power sparkled around him, and while holding a staff with a skull, he said, “You little ants. So you’re Ba Huang City’s pawn? Looks like it, come. I’ll open the doors of hell for you! I’ll kill you all!”
He raised his staff, and with a “bang”, a ray of lightning hit the monk!
591!
The entire guild of [Wrath of the Heroes] stared at the monk with their mouths wide open, “Quick, heal him! Go in, GO IN!”
[]  []  []

