
Chapter 649 - Simple Violence"Oh, it's another fight between old enemies..."
Dong Cheng leaned against the small window, as she lightly laughed, "The people from [Emperor's Blood] definitely think of us as unpleasant to the eyes. Last time in Pangu's Abyss, they got ash on their noses after bumping into us, and they definitely have a lot of pent up anger. Now that they meet us in the thirteenth round, how do you think they're feeling?"
I slowly unsheathed my Dragon Reservoir Sword, and confidently smiled, "No matter how they are feeling, I'll still turn it all to despair. Prepare to destroy them. We'll stick to the old rules, try to 5:0 them cleanly. The level that [Emperor's Blood] is at won’t be enough to give us a proper fight."
Wan Er laughed as she nodded her head, "Yup, let's do this!"
"Swoosh!"
In the next moment, I was teleported to the battlefield. Dragon Emperor stood in front of me with his long sword in hand. He stared into my eyes and coldly laughed: "Guild leader Xiao Yao Zi Zai, I didn't think that we'd actually meet so fast. I still remember how mighty you were in Pangu's Abyss!"
I propped my Dragon Reservoir Sword on the ground, and faintly smiled, "That was nothing much. Every guild will have a team activity. We just took the first initiative to enter Pangu's Abyss. Plus, we also cleaned out all the monsters and BOSSes there. All of the spoils of war in Pangu's Abyss are considered to be [Zhan Long]’s, as per the public rules of the game. Even if [Emperor's Blood] wanted to get a share of the rewards, it should have at least waited for [Zhan Long] to leave first. Am I right?"
Dragon Emperor had an angry expression, and he pointed  his blade at me as he said, "Whatever you're saying is reasonable. This father of yours can't refute anything that you've said, but you should remember that [Emperor's Blood] will not just let this go. Just wait, this father will make [Zhan Long] regret provoking [Emperor's Blood] sooner or later, and let you know that some guilds cannot be provoked!"
I raised my hand and unsheathed my Brilliant Fire Emperor, as I coldly said, "During my lifetime, the thing that I hate the most is people threatening me. If you want [Emperor's Blood] to continue existing in Tian Ling City, then you'd better not keep provoking me. You should know that Tian Ling City is only so big, and if our [Zhan Long] wanted to clean up your [Emperor's Blood]'s 20000 people-filled mob, it actually isn't that hard."
"You!"
Dragon Emperor was extremely angry, but he was unable to respond, and could only wait silently for the countdown to end.. 
“3！”
“2！”
“1！”
It was a battle filled with gunpowder. Dragon Emperor was holding his longsword as he charged forward. His blade was filled with a golden light, and the Heavenly Tier [Skyshaker Stab] activated. 
I raised my Brilliant Fire Emperor horizontally, and I simply used a defensive stance to eat his round of attacks. My arm shook many times. This [Skyshaker Stab] was indeed quite fierce. Even if I successfully defended against his attack, I still lost 4000+ health. After all, Dragon Emperor was the guild leader of a big guild, and his equipment wouldn't be bad. However, if he only was at this level, then he had basically lost this match already. 
"Come at me!"
Dragon Emperor cackled loudly, and the ring on his right hand suddenly spun around. A rock wall armor appeared around him. It was a special skill. He sinisterly laughed: "Isn't your attack power very high? Come at me!"
"Come at me!"
I faintly laughed, and charged up with insane speed. I vertically held my twin swords, and my body slightly sank. I used my shoulder to heavily slam on Dragon Emperor's rock wall armor, and with a "Peng", I used my absolute strength to send him flying. At the same time, I used a single hand to lock onto his position, and [Binding Chains] broke out of the earth with a "Swoosh", directly Binding Dragon Emperor there, lasting for 10.4 seconds. After that, my Dragon Reservoir Sword and Brilliant Fire Emperor quickly danced about, and the extremely strong burst capabilities of the twin sword style was showed off. Instantly, 7 slashes smashed apart his [Wall of Dou Qi]. My blade trembled, and a golden light shone in all directions. The Heavenly Tier [Combo]+[Wind Blade] landed, cutting apart his shield, Even though Dragon Emperor had at least 35000+ health, he was still instantly slashed apart. 
"Pa ta..."
He softly collapsed on to the ground, and Dragon Emperor looked at me with an expression full of rage. I just indifferently looked at him, and said: "With this kind of defense, who can you stop?"
1:0！
I didn't disappoint my mission, and obtained 1 point. 
When I teleported out of the field, Wan Er was already waiting for her match. She laughed, "Don't worry, I’ll definitely get this point!” 
"Yup..."
I nodded my head, and my gaze followed the little miss as she entered the battlefield. Her opponent was also a pretty girl, Moonlight Sonata. In Jiu Li City's rankings, she was ranked 17, and was one of a handful of the strongest reputable mages. However, the difference between her and Fang Ge Que, Dong Cheng, and Simple was very big. 
Moonlight Sonata raised her staff as she indifferently looked at Wan Er, not saying anything. Wan Er leaned against the railing and played with the dagger in her hand. She was also not saying anything. 
In the instant that the countdown ended, Wan Er who was playing with her dagger suddenly disappeared. Moonlight Sonata didn't defend and retreat, but instead charged forward with her magic staff in hand. She waved her magic staff, and [Revealing Light] exploded in the sky. Half the battlefield was enveloped by it. This skill could break through and uncover the locations of stealthed players. At the same time, Moonlight Sonata let out a delicate shout, and [Lightning Eagle Wave] activated, and devastated the areas that weren't covered by the [Revealing Light]. This was actually a smart move. It was clear the mage that knew how to control the stealth of Assassins through AoE attacks. She was taking the offensive
"Swoosh!"
The invisible Wan Er also went on the offense by leaving her stealth mode. She then activated  [Absolute Step] to charge towards Moonlight Sonata like lightning. The light of [Blade of the Death God] appeared on her twin daggers, and she thrusted out after raising her hand!
“MISS！”
Moonlight Sonata used a [Dimensional Leap], causing Wan Er's attack to whiff in the air. Without hesitation, she slid forward and waved her arm. With a "Pa", [Flying Dagger] landed on the opponent's [Mana Shield], instantly decreasing its durability by 61%. Following that, she opened her hand, and activated [Ice Pick Whirlpool]. Now the opponent’s [Mana Shield] only had 7% durability left. 
Wan Er continued pursuing her, and began accelerating. At the same time, she raised the steel umbrella in her hand, and blocked Moonlight Sonata's magic attacks with a "peng". Simultaneously, she moved in an arc-like motion to charge towards her opponent. Her movement speed was too fast, forcing Moonlight Sonata to use her second and third [Dimensional Leap]. Within a short time, she couldn’t teleport anymore. The tempo of the entire match was within Wan Er's control. 
Moonlight Sonata's beautiful face had an undescribably unhappy expression. Meeting the fabled Cang Tong in this tournament was naturally very difficult for her. She had an almost perfect magic defense. Furthermore, the [Mana Shield] of the intelligent Moonlight Sonata only had a little bit left. Furthermore, all 3 of her [Dimensional Leap]'s were forced out. Encountering this kind of scary assassin, Moonlight Sonata practically felt like she was punched in the chest. Yup, especially since she was a 32A, making it hurt more since she didn't have a cushion. 
Wan Er didn't waste any more time, and a green light appeared on her twin daggers. Suddenly, Moonlight Sonata was pierced twice. It was the fifth advancement skill of Assassins--Divine Legion Strike, which condensed the strength of the Divine Army to deal two penetrating damages to a target that was in a straight line within a 10 yard range!
“7981！”
“13117！”
Within an instant, Moonlight Sonata had already collapsed on to the ground. Wan Er's attack power was too high, and she couldn't handle it at all. 
2:0！
The third match: Dong Cheng VS Blue Dragon Emperor. 
This match was simply violent. Dong Cheng was very skilled at kiting, and after she used her third [Dimensional Leap], she used magic to randomly blow apart her opponent. From the start till the end, she had never let Blue Dragon Emperor touch her. 
3:0！
It was the 4th match. The 2V2 event was here. This time, Wan Er and I were facing our enemies side-by-side. This was also the publicly recognised strongest 2V2 combination of our [Zhan Long]. A team composed of two players that were in the top 20 of the CBN rankings was very rare to see in the Chinese servers.  
"Swoosh swoosh!"
4 people were teleported into the battlefield together. Wan Er slightly laughed into the team chat and said, "Beloved, let's fight as a duo?"
I nodded my head and laughed, "Yup, how should I coordinate with you?"
Wan Er: "Your new necklace, the Purgatory War God's Savage Blade, has a special skill called [Hand of Purgatory], right? Use it. Attack Dragon Emperor first, then turn around and use [Hand of Purgatory] to grab that Mage. I'll break her shield and kill her. Then we can go fight Dragon Emperor together. 
I said, "Be careful of the Mage's [Lullaby]. If it puts one of us to sleep, then it'll turn into a 2V1 scenario. 
Wan Er lightly laughed, "Don't worry. If it puts you to sleep, I'll use [Awakening Spell] to dispel it. If it puts me to sleep, then you can use [Hand of Purgatory] to grab her and forcefully kill her. After that, you can use your scabbard to attack and wake me up. Either way, we'll still win."
"Alright..."
……
... ...
In the next moment, I had already charged out, and directly went to Dragon Emperor. A terrifying light appeared on my blade, while Wan Er had already activated [Absolute Step] to also charge towards Dragon Emperor. In any case, Dragon Emperor was also a guild leader of a big guild, and he could maintain an extremely calm judgement, "Sonata, be careful of their feints. Be sure to  maintain your distance!"
Moonlight Sonata nodded her head and retreated. Her [Lightning Eagle Wave] was already prepared to drop on Wan Er and me. 
The moment I saw that there was something not right with their formation, I raised my hand and used [Defeat the Dragon]!
"Swoosh!"
Moonlight Sonata was instantly grabbed to my side. However, this girl reacted extremely quickly, and her figure had instantly flickered out when she approached me. However, I wasn’t slow either. The necklace on my neck flashed and I activated [Hand of Purgatory]!
"Roar!"
Following the roaring of the gods and devils, a pair of blood-coloured hands broke the earth and rose grabbing Moonlight Sonata, controlling all of her movements. She couldn’t even use [Dimensional Leap]. She hastily raised her hand, throwing a [Lullaby] at me!
"Hum..."
  
My head went completely blank, and I was put to sleep. After 0.5 seconds, [Awakening Spell] descended and I was awakened from a distance by Wan Er. She raised her twin daggers as she charged towards the Mage. Her [Blade of the Death God]+[Twin Blade Harmony] directly broke through her [Mana Shield], killing Moonlight Sonata. After that, she sent a long distance [Flying Dagger] at Dragon Emperor to assist me. 
After that, the match was truly just destruction from our side. I used [Blade Rush]+[Blade Spin]. I shot out to the side and dodged Dragon Emperor's four attacks. Afterwards, I moved in to fight and then retreated, preventing his attacks from hitting me at all. Wan Er's dagger stunned him, and I activated [Great Realm of Desolation]. Just like this, we totally decimated this guild leader of [Emperor's Blood].  
4:0！
Fifth Match: the 5v5 event. Five players from both sides all entered the field. 
Qing Qian held her dagger and faintly laughed: "If you have special skills, just use them. We’'ll get our Rage back to 100 points when we enter a new match anyway. There's no need to worry."
I held my Dragon Reservoir Sword and confidently said: "Then let's use even more savage strategy!”
"What kind of savage method?" Wan Er laughed while asking. 
I made a fist and said: "After the system countdown finishes, let's all charge up together to kill them!"
"Oh?"
Right at that moment, the system started the countdown--
“3！”
“2！”
“1！”
In the instant that the countdown finished, I pushed off the ground, and suddenly heavily stepped forward while letting out a low roar. Immediately, frosty air surged forth, with me as the centre. It was the new move that Frost imparted to me--[Ice Domain]!
The freezing effect of [Ice Domain] was very big, and 3 of the opposing 5 people were instantly frozen in ice. It lasted for 3 seconds, which wasn't considered long, but that was enough!
