
“Yes Miss! Right then, a messenger dashed forward and stuttered, “General Smith, your troops, all two thousand, have already… already…” Smith clenched his teeth, “Already what?” “Decimated. Some monsters appeared from the sea…” “D*mn it!” Smith slammed his fist on the table, shaking the wood. Chapter 781 Flame Axe Troops, Attack! Translated by: CielEdited by: JayFire flared up in Smith’s eyes. Clearly, this commander of the “Freezing Star Army” cherished his soldiers. He clenched his teeth and asked, “Just what monsters…?” The messenger wiped some sweat off his forehead and said, “I couldn’t completely make out their bodies. All I could see were these tentacle like ropes pierce through the boats and then drag the soldiers into the sea. Furthermore, there were these fish like monsters carrying halberds and cutting everyone down. There was so much blood that the sea was dyed red. Smith took a sharp breath, his expression extremely ugly. “General Smith , are you ok?” On the side, a middle aged general smirked as he fiddled with a red scarf tied around his arm, “Losing two thousand warriors, if it were me, I would not be feeling well at all. I think that the Freezing Star Army only has nine thousand men total? With this loss, there aren’t many of you left. Ah, you were too impatient. How could you have sent your soldiers out so carelessly?” Smith  spun around and roared at the general, “Louis,  mind your own f*cking business. You better keep that red silk of yours close and hide far in the back. Otherwise, if you die, that young beautiful wife of yours will only have to wrap that silk scarf around her finger to console her loneliness!” Louis was enraged, “Smith, you b*st*rd!” Theodore silenced them, “Silence! The great battle is before us and you lot actually have the heart to argue about small matters like this!?”Everyone shut up then. Theodore looked over at the king and said, “Father, how do you think we should approach this battle? In one hour, the Hybrid Demon warships will reach the shores.” King Rob tightened his grip around the royal sword and narrowed his eyes, “Bring out the Magic Crystal Cannons. As the Hybrid Demon War Boats enter the port, we’ll shoot them down in the sea. There’s no need for reserve!” “Yes father!” Theodore immediately sent out the order. King Rob then said, “The Hybrid Demon Armies will soon reach our shores. For this battle, we have moved millions of the empire’s soldiers. This is a battle of life and death. Generals, this is a time where we must work together to protect the empire and everyone’s homes!” All of the generals nodded their heads in agreement. “Yes your majesty!” King Rob then asked, “Now, before the battle, are there any more suggestions?” The tent was silent and nobody spoke up. I glanced around. Either way, there was no need for me to be afraid of offending the king. And so, I boldly said, “While the center of the army is formed here, it does not give us much of an advantage nor does it have any good vantage points. Furthermore, there’s a hood on top of the tent to block any sea winds, even though you can’t see the sea from here. I suggest that you take the top off of the tent and raise the throne. This way, his majesty will be able to clearly see the battle situation and react to any changes at a moment’s notice.” “You, Li Xiao Yao!” A sixty year old general glared at me, his hand on his hilt as he roared, “Do you not know that our king is second to none? This awning is a ceremony that has been passed down throughout the generations. This is the utmost honor which a king must receive. And yet, you actually dare suggest that we take it off? Just what are you planning? Unless, you, Li Xiao Yao, have long coveted the holy royal weapons?” I was stunned and smiled, “There’s no need for a man as old as you to be so malicious. All I suggested was to take off the top, not rebellion. Just who are you?” Pearl whispered to me, “He’s the Jin Marquis, Luo Si. He’s the father of that Luo Te you fired!” I gaped, “No wonder. Clearly he’s just settling a private debt publically….” 　　……The Jin Marquis spun around and said to King Rob, “Your Majesty, Li Xiao Yao does not harbor any good will and is extremely disrespectful to his majesty. I think that you should save yourself the worry and deal with him now! A rebel like him who disrespects the royal power should not be left alone. Please, your majesty, give the order!”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Pearl quickly shouted back, “Marquis, since when was it your turn to get on such a high horse? Every one of Li Xiao Yao’s words are backed by military strategy. Taking off the top will allow the commander to see the entire situation. This move gives the commander the ability to see every detail of the battlefield. This is the most basic common sense. Besides, father will have a much better vantage point. What is wrong with that?” “Your highness Princess Pearl!” The Marquis looked at Pearl and smiled, “I think that this Li Xiao Yao was born rather handsome. Princess Pearl, is it possible that you hold secret feelings for him, and that is why you choose to help him so?” “Shut up!” Pearl pulled out her sword. Right then, King Rob finally stood up. His voice barely louder than a whisper, but the rage was clear, “Alright already. Send out the orders, take off the top of the middle tent and raise the observation deck. General Li Xiao Yao’s words are exactly what I had intended before. Marquis, there’s no need for you to speak any more. I know a bit about the situation by which your son was kicked out of the Royal Army. I hope that you will choose to stop pursuing this matter. Li Xiao Yao is a man capable of bringing honor to the Royal Army. That in itself is more important than many other matters!” “Your majesty….” Marqui Louis stiffened and lowered his head, “His majesty is wise! I will follow your every command!” 　　……And thus, this small argument seemed to be resolved. Even so, I could feel the heat of everyone’s glances on my back. This was an extremely uncomfortable feeling. It was as though I were a piece of meat, and they were the vultures, waiting to use me and eat me up. I much prefered the feeling I got when I fought with [Zhan Long]. We all looked out for each other, and there was no difference in class, rank or race. We were all brothers who would fight together. However, at the same time, I couldn’t give up on the Royal Army that I had spent so much blood and sweat to bring up. All I could do was endure for a little while. This was, after all, an experience that I must undergo. It was just as that old b*st*rd had said, my personality and morals were too stiff. I must continue to refine myself so that I can truly become an invincible warrior. Very soon, the top of the tent was taken down. I could finally see the treasures behind——There were troops and horses. Clothing, tigers, axes, bows and arrows. They were all set up, and hidden from view. A group of Imperial Guards were watching over the supplies. From what I understood, those arrows were only given to the most impressive generals in the battle. The battle axe was given to those who were just and righteous. All in all, each treasure had its own meaning. The specifics, however, were unclear to me. Light flashed on the horizon and I could see masses of battle ships inching closer to the beach. This time, the Hybrid Demon Army was truly bringing out all of its forces from the nest. This would be a struggle of life and death. 　　……Pearl looked towards the distance and ordered, “All troops, send out your spearmen to the beaches. Have them set up the antlers to stop the boats from reaching shore. We’ll crowd them in the shallows. Afterwards, we’ll use the Magic Crystal Cannons to deal a barrage of attacks. This way, the Hybrid Demons will suffer enormous losses when they reach the shore. Then, when the Plunderers reach the shores, we’ll rain them with arrows!” All of the leading NPCs gave a firm nod, “Yes Your Majesty!” The second prince Theodore squinted and said, “Let’s wait quietly then. It’s almost time to start motivating the troops. If we manage to win this war in one battle, these Hybrid Demons will probably be too scared to touch our borders for the next ten years!” Pearl smiled, “I hope so!” 　　……After a few minutes, the Hybrid Demon boats began to approach the shore. We could practically see the details of the flags on their ship. I was stunned to see the flag of the revered one standing amongst the boats. It was the Ba Huang City Prince, Luo Lin’s flag. The men on that boat must be the soldiers from Ba Huang City who had been turned. “It’s the revered one!” Pearl narrowed her eyes as she stared into the horizon. She let out a sigh and smiled, “Big brother, there was a time when Luo Ling and you were known as the two most elite men of Tian Ling. And now, he is a Hybrid Demon King. Isn’t that quite the irony?” Theodore gripped the sword at his side and suddenly stood up, “Father, may my Flame dragon Army be the first to set out? I will stop that traitor Luo Lin’s troops and keep them a hundred meters out!” King Rob looked down at his son and smiled, “No need to rush. Your Flame Dragon Army will get its chance to battle. How about someone else go?” Everyone nodded, “Crown Prince, you will eventually inherit the throne, you cannot use your emotions at a time like this!” Theodore had no choice but to nod in agreement. The second prince Owen stood up, “Father, then how about my Xia Yu Army go?” The two princes were both vying for the throne, and so, whoever earned the most achievements would be the most qualified. This was a principle that everyone knew, just didn't say out loud. Who knew that King Rob would continue on, “Owen, your Xia Yu Army is a main force of the country. You should not go out to battle so carelessly. How about this, we’ll have the Flame Axe Army lead by Marquis Louis go out for the first battle? Marquis, this is a battle for this empire’s survival. You won’t deny a chance to fight for the country, will you?” Marquis Louis clenched his teeth and nodded, “Your majesty, I am willing to fight. However, I’d like to make my son, Luo Te the deputy general of the Flame Axe Troops so that he may set out with me. How is that?” King Rob cheerfully replied, “Alright then. Immediately deploy Luo Te from the Southern Troops and promote him to Deputy General. He will go to battle with the Marquis. I hope that you bring pride to our country in this initial fight. Each troop, hold their positions and watch as the Flame Axe Army breaks through the enemy defense!” “Yes, Your Majesty!” 　　……I furrowed my brow and kept quiet. Pearl seemed to notice my hesitation and whispered, “The Flame Axe Troops have 45,000 people in it. They are the number five army in the nation. Not only that, but they are strong. It is the most rational decision to have them fight. “ I smiled back, “Your Highness must be talking about their ability to subdue bandits right? I’m afraid that the Marquis’ die hard attempt to make his son a deputy general is about to fail. He has severely underestimated the strength of Luo Lin.” Pearl smiled back, “As long as you know. Just wait and see what happens. Prepare for battle. We must block the Revered One’s first attack!” “Yes, Your Highness!” 
