
[] [] []
Chapter 329 The Strength of Fang Ge Que
Fei Er stood on the stage with her skin-tight armor wrapped around her curves. She held the mic in her hand and said in a sweet voice, “Alright, Group A’s semifinalists have already been decided. The participants are [Zhan Long]’s Guild Master, Xiao Yao Zi Zai, [Prague]’s Guild Master, Yan Zhao Warrior, [Hero’s Mound]’s Guild Master, Q-Sword, and [Vanguard]’s Guild Master, Jian Feng Han. It’s fitting to say that the group of death has been created. The following matches will surely be a hair-raising fight to the death. However… before this, the three groups, B, C, and D must first proceed. The next competition will consist of Group B participants; And the first round will be Fang Ge Que VS General Li Mu!”
“Shua!”
Fang Ge Que took the initiative and entered the arena first, wearing a scholarly white gown. He held a paper fan in his hand as his entire body stood there with an elegant poise much like a noble from ancient times. Moreover, his gaze was disinterested and lazy, giving people the impression that he was aloof from worldly affairs. He was both relaxed and carefree; it was most likely that kind of attitude that had made Fang Ge Que one of the major, undefeated experts on the Chinese servers. In addition, he had been dominating the top of the rankings for a long time, and was able to arrogantly look down at everyone else from the heavens.
General Li Mu gripped his sword and was at loss, “I’m about to go. Why is no one mourning for me?”
Wan Er chuckled, “Bye Li Mu…”
Yue Qing Qian held her dagger as she said, “Try to stay strong and endure at least a few hits. Nevertheless, you’re still [Zhan Long]’s elder. You can’t… you definitely can’t be insta-killed. That’s unacceptable…”
Li Mu gritted his teeth, “I’ll try my best. Whether I get insta-killed or not will depend on Fang Ge Que’s mood….”
“Ok!”
……
Li Mu entered the arena as well and the countdown began. Everyone was anticipating Fang Ge Que’s performance, especially since we were all so unfamiliar with him. Only a few players from Ba Huang City had seen any of his PK videos and all we heard was that he was a rare expert in [Destiny]. Just the mention of his name was enough to make half of Jiu Li City Cower in fear.
“3！”
“2！”
“1！”
The minute the fight began, Li Mu charged forward, launching separate attacks with his pet.
Fang Ge Que lightly waved the paper fan in his hand and a flaming wind slashed through the air, flying right at Li Mu! “Pa!” It hit him in his chest, dealing an enormous amount of damage –
2671！
Li Mu’s body slightly trembled. Never had he imagined that Fang Ge Que’s cast speed would be so quick and ruthless. It was as though he didn’t even need time to aim!
Fang Ge Que calmly watched as Li Mu rushed at him. Afterward, he waved his paper fan again which made the earth shudder. An earth pike suddenly shot out of the ground and stabbed into Li Mu’s two legs while another ice pike began to materialize in the air. It was Fang Ge Que’s own custom SS tier skill [Earth and Ice Spike].
2817！
Li Mu’s health had dropped to the bottom and he quickly gulped down a health potion and hastily charged forward!
Fang Ge Que smirked and opened up his left hand to form a slender icicle. It was the beginning of an [Indigo Sea Arrow]! With the wave of his hand, the arrow shot right at Li Mu!
“Hua!”
MISS！
Li Mu’s brilliant decision-making made him use [Blade Rush] to dodge Fang Ge Que’s [Indigo Sea Arrow], while his blade also carried a [Sky Shaker Slash] that fell upon Fang Ge Que’s shoulder. He had finally closed in on him!
Then, when everyone thought that Fang Ge Que had to use a [Dimensional Leap] to dodge the [Sky Shaker Slash], all he did was smile then opened his palm right in front of Li Mu’s face. Suddenly, ice and fire began to intertwine “Bang!”, a new spell exploded, throwing Li Mu and his sword into the air where his body disintegrated into light!
3726！
……
“F*ck…” Old K nervously made a fist as he was stunned by the scene, “Is Fang Ge Que even human? Before Boss Li Mu could even get close to him, Fang Ge Que managed to kill him in an explosion! That… that’s just too insane isn’t it?”
Wan Er’s eyes were glued to the stage as she said, “Fang Ge Que’s calculations of health and magic damage is just too good. On top of that, he’s extremely confident in himself. He knew that the [Fire and Ice Storm] was enough to take out 3200+ of Li Mu’s health. Also, when he sent out the [Indigo Sea Arrow] he had already began to cast [Fire and Ice Storm], even Li Mu’s use of [Blade Rush] was in his calculations.”
“This kind of opponent, is just too terrifying……” Yue Qing Qian’s small face was practically purple. She was familiar with Li Mu’s strength, and for him to be killed so quickly meant that she, a small assassin, had no chance.
I patted her shoulder and said, “Qing Qian, don’t be too worried. Even though your next opponent is probably Fang Ge Que,….Hehe, to be honest, entering the Top 16 is already pretty impressive. Just work hard to win against Xuan Yuan Feng for now…”
“Alright, I got it Brother Xiao Yao….”
……
On the second round, the same thing occurred and Li Mu had no strategy left to use. Fang Ge Que’s proficiency in magic had far exceeded everyone’s expectations. It was as if he could always predict his opponent’s next move and use spells to control them. Li Mu even deliberately moved in a Z shape but was still unable to dodge a single spell. In the end, he knelt to the ground again under another [Fire and Ice Storm]. 0:2, Fang Ge Que won!
“Shua!”
Li Mu left the arena, and with the sound of his sword clicking into its sheath, he gravely said, “Fang Ge Que is just too strong… Everytime I try to move, it was as if I was dancing in the palm of his hand. There was just no way I could fight against him…..”
Dong Cheng Yue blinked a few times and said, “Li Mu’s movements were already extremely honed, and yet he still had no chance of winning. Exactly how smart is that bastard Fang Ge Que? It’s terrifying. On top of that, I keep on getting this feeling that the accuracy of his predictions is just too inhuman…”
On the side, Lin Wan Er quietly crossed her arms in front of her chest and quietly leaned against a pillar, letting her shoulder touch mine.
I glanced at her and said, “Wan Er, don’t you think that Fang Ge Que might have the same ability as you?”
“I…”
Wan Er stroked her chin then looked up at me and said, “I was thinking the same, I’m just not 100% sure…”
“What kind of ability?” Yue Qing Qian asked.
“[Mind Reader]!” Wan Er gripped her hands and said, “Only with this skill can you 100% be sure of the opponents next move. It’s not possible for Fang Ge Que’s calculations to be so precise as to use spells to block his every retreat and advance. This capability is practically impossible.
Yue Qing Qian was puzzled, “There’s actually that kind of an ability? Then… then the person with the SSS tier [Mind Reader] ability, that wouldn’t happen to be you, Sister Cang Tong would it?”
Wan Er lightly smiled and said, “Yea, it’s possible that Fang Ge Que has this ability as well.”
Song Han then asked, “[Mind Reader], how do you disrupt it?”
“You need to control your thoughts.” Wan Er didn’t hide anything and explained everything about [Mind Reader]. She softly began, “[Mind Reader] is actually just the ability to snatch the opponent’s current line of thought. If you clear your mind and not think about anything to the point where you’re not even thinking about the next plan of attack, then the [Mind Reader] would basically lose all of its effect. Your body would react based on reflexes and not on what you are planning. That way, you might be able to break through the [Mind Reader]. But these are just my guesses, I don’t know the exact details…”
Lost in thought, Yue Qing Qian muttered, “Acting with your heart, moving with your sword… Hehe, that’s easier said than done. If you don’t have enough control over your consciousness, there’s no way you can do it.”
I coughed and said, “Actually, there’s another thing to consider…”
“What?” Wan Er stared at me in shock.
Hesitantly, I began, “[Mind Reader]’s mechanics require extremely fast changes between discarding the target’s previous line of thought and picking up the next. Fang Ge Que is human, not a god. If he picks up false information about the tactics used with his [Mind Reader], then he might not be able to quickly grasp the actual tactics that are relayed afterward. We can prepare 3-4 sets of tactical routines and constantly switch between them. That way, we can use [Mind Reader] to mess up the other party’s tactics.”
“You bastard…” Mu Xuan laughed and said, “Little Zai Zai is truly crafty to be able to come up with such a tricky plan. You truly deserve to be the man I’ve fallen for!”
I pursed my lips and said, “Don’t bother with her. Let’s continue discussing, there’s also… Hehe, Qing Qian you don’t need to listen to the rest. You need to prepare for the next round. Your opponent is Xuan Yuan Feng, one of Fang Ge Que’s top generals!”
“Alright, Brother Xiao Yao, wish me good luck!”
“Smooch…..”
“Smooch…..”
Wan Er was speechless.
……
Yue Qing Qian walked up to the stage with her twin daggers in hand. She firmly stood there; across her was a formidable and handsome Knight. The Knight held a spear and wore sturdy armor. He seemed so bright that even the sun couldn’t compare to him. His long hair floated in the wind as he laughed, “Miss Yue Qing Qian, I’ve really liked you way back when I was still in [Prague]. Let’s be friends and join my [Legend] to help it grow. You’ll become [Legend]’s number one Assassin. How about it, do you want to come over?”
Yue Qing Qian lightly brandished the dagger in her hand and a dense energy formed around it as she smiled, “No need, the one that I like is my Brother Xiao Yao. And I want to stay in [Zhan Long] for as long as it exists.”
“Alright then, I guess I have no choice but to break my heart and kill this flower…” Xuan Yuan said with a laugh.
Yue Qing Qian also laughed, “Do it if you can!”
An Ice Rat burst from the ground and squeaked from Yue Qing Qian’s shoulder. It was a Lv 62 magic-type pet. Yue Qing Qian had obviously chosen to use such a pet in order to face her opponent, a Knight. Because he had heavy armor with formidable defense, using magic attacks to control the battle was definitely the smartest tactic.
“Roar!”
Xuan Yuan Feng’s pet was also released. It was fierce tiger; although it wasn’t as mighty as my Flaming Tiger God, it definitely wasn’t too low in terms of grade/rank/tier either.
The moment the fight started, Qing Qian used [Absolute Step] to charge forward and activated [Gouge] the second she reached him. “Shua Shua Shua.” The dagger stabbed forward three times in a row while her Ice Rat began its assault with its ice magic from a distance which slowed down both Xuan Yuan Feng and his fierce tiger pet.
“Shua!”
The spear’s tip began glowing crimson as a kill skill began to activate. With the turn of his body, Xuan Yuan threw a [Sky Shaker Slash]!
“Keng!”
The meteor fell from the sky and Qing Qian used both of her daggers to block it. She was forced to retreat several steps from the impact of the hit.
Xuan Yuan was an expert in tactics and with a turn he began to attack the Ice Rat. With a shake of his spear, he activated [Heavy Strike]+[Flame Axe] and his skills enveloped the small rat. Unfortunately, it’s tier was too low to defend and it had less than 4000 health. With a squeak, it was instantly killed!
Yue Qing Qian began chasing after her opponent and with a stab she dealt 1900+ damage. At the same time her snow white hand waved for a second and the Ice Rat returned to her pet space. With another wave, she summoned a Flame Wolf. To think that she would switch pets in the middle of battle, this little brat was truly daring!
[] [] []

