
[][][]
Chapter 22 – My First Bronze Equipment
【Spider Queen】（Silver Boss Monster）
Level: 21
Attack: 0-0
Defense:100
Health: 50,000
Skill: 【Spawning Spider Eggs】
Description: The Spider Queen corrodes and feeds on the bones of the ancient deceased, absorbing the strength of the dead to produce unlimited spiderlings. This has filled the cave to the breaking point, therefore the Spider Queen must be killed to contain the epidemic of spiderlings in the South Tomb.
……
I went silent. While examining the attributes of the Spider Queen, I was shocked by its stats. A 0-0 attack value for a level 21 boss monster. What kind of a monster was this? This indicated one thing, the Spider Queen would mass produce spiders, instead of directly attacking me, like a hive.
In the spider hall, besides the Spider Queen, there were also 12 level 21 poisonous spiders. I could probably attract the poisonous spiders to attack me without aggroing the Spider Queen. Then after finishing them off, I could finally aggro the Spider Queen. I could only hope that my healing capacity would be capable of keeping up with the consumption of my health points.
The plan had been set; I immediately started executing it.
I lured one poisonous spider after another, slaughtering them all 5 minutes later. Only the Spider Queen was left. Her huge body trembled slightly, but no spawning had been initiated. She didn’t seem to have been aggroed.
I started carefully examining the hall. The Spider Queen was encased in a huge coffin which touched the wall at an angle, making a 60 degree angle. If I could stand in the corner, only 4-5 small spiderlings would be able to attack me, while the rest would have to wait for their turn. So as long as I could sustain my health, this would be my chance!
Shasha
My foot slipped on some dust, and I slid to a distance of approximately 3 meters from the spider queen, thereby aggroing it. Her huge body began shivering, pushing out a small round green egg. It rotated a little and then ruptured, and out came a small poisonous spider.
I quickly examined its attributes…
【Small poisonous spider】（Ordinary monster）
Level: 20
Attack: 40-50
Defense: 20
Hit points: 100
Description: Spider Queen’s spiderling
……
I was overjoyed! As expected, these small spiderlings didn’t pose a threat. With their low attack and defense, this quest was truly possible! Raising my sword I started slashing at the broodmother, and she shivered, losing 57 hit points. Her defense was so high that I almost couldn’t damage her at all
Meanwhile, the Spider Queen was constantly convulsing and twitching, and mass produced new spiderlings. It sure was fast, and the majority of them were poisonous spiderlings. They soon formed a small group around me, endlessly attacking. Unfortunately for them, each attack only took out 7-8 health, so my level 2 hemostasis could easily sustain me.
Pop!
Suddenly i felt a burst of pain from my ankle and lost over 30 points of health. When I took a closer look, a fire spiderling had appeared. It had an immense attack power of a hundred points. This amount of damaged posed a threat!
The Bramble Thorn sword sliced through the fire spiderling, dealing a fatal blow of a hundred damage. Problem solved. Without worry, I let the poisonous spiders hit me, while I continued to hit the Spider Queen.
As my striking power was limited, even though I was a healer swordsman, I could only deal around 2000 damage a minute. Because the Spider Queens had tough defensive abilities, my attacks were limited to around 50 damage every 1.5 second. This was going to be an extremely long fight.
……
After a full half hour of constantly hitting, the Spider Queen health was down to 8%. However my cloak’s durability was only at 15%. Sooner or later my equipment would break. Hopefully it wouldn’t before the Spider Queen’s health dropped to rock bottom.
Fortunately, the Spider Queen didn’t have an enraged state, so a few minutes later its health was finally depleted.
“Please, drop Silver-ranked equipment…”I prayed deeply for high-end drops, knowing that even Green-ranked equipment was very rare, and that Bronze-ranked equipment was only a luxury for the top players. So how could a Silver-ranked equipment drop?
Whoosh!
My Bramble Thorn sword passed through the forehead of the Spider Queen, causing green slime and blood to splatter in all direction. The Spider Queen’s life quickly vanished and with it her spiderlings also dropped lifelessly to the ground.
I quickly cleaned my face of the layers of venom that had been sprayed on me, before looking towards the body of the Spider Queen for equipment drops. A golden ray emerged, announcing I rose to level 21.
Pop!
Jumping over the corpses, I headed towards the sole two pieces of equipments. One was a pair of cloth boots, which were delicate looking and caused my heart skips a beat in delight. The other drop was a lightly glowing, oddly shaped, brass ring.
I reached out and picked up the equipment, quickly viewing the attributes of the boots
【Flame boots】（Green Tier）
Type: Cloth armor
Defense: 12
Magic Power: +5
Passive: Increases the effectiveness of healing spells by 10 points.
Requirement: Level 20.
……
I was overjoyed at how truly great this item was. First, it gave an extra 12 points in defense. Second, it gave an increase of 5 in magic power and lastly there were 10 extra points for my healing spells!
I immediately equipped the flame boots. They felt delicate and nice – Finally, I was no longer barefooted.
Continuing onto the glowing brass ring, I wiped it clean to reveal a golden surface. The attributes which appeared on the screen gave me a huge ear to ear smile.
【Ring of the Berserker】（Bronze）
Endurance: +12
Passive: Increase the attack damage of the user by 7
Required level: 20.
……
My mind went blank at the eye popping stats of the ring. It was a Bronze-ranked equipment! Amazing! Not to mention, it was a ring that was very suitable for me.
After equipping the ring I looked at my stats. They had increased quite a bit!
[Xiao Yao Zi Zai] (Trainee healer)
Level: 21
Attack: 131-149
Defense: 77
Health: 384
Mana: 290
Charm: 7
……
12 points extra in endurance increased my HP by 84. Although healers only got 0.7 health per point in endurance, 84 health was better than nothing, not to mention that it was almost ⅓ of my original health. There were also 10 extra points in effectiveness for healing spells from the boots, making this trip quite worthwhile, or should I say, I turned quite a good profit this trip.
As I proudly stood on top of the coffin, I picked up the spider fangs in the hall. Once I collected enough for my quest, I could not pick up any more. So I left to finish the quests, and to become the first healer to get promoted!
Pacha!
I accidentally stepped into a bush and a pair of dried out, bony hands shot out towards me. They grabbed my left leg, scaring my soul out of me! I swung my sword mindlessly, and shouted “Don’t try to harm me monster!”
The branches in the bush were chopped into pieces, scattered left and right… I looked closer, and I found out that it was only a corpse, sucked dry by the Spider Queen. It gave me quite a fright though….
I turned around and left the spider cave. Ahh, the fresh night air from outside. Quite relaxing….
Coming to the guard outpost at the graveyard, I handed the spider fangs to the NPC soldier captain. His mouth opened wide, “Wow! You actually killed that evil Spider Queen! That must have been quite the adventure, you are our hero! Come here, young adventurer. Collect your reward!”
“Ding!”
System Notification: You finished the quest [Spider Cave Slaughter], and you receive 7000 experience points. Since you also killed the Spider Queen, you receive and extra reward item: [Killer Bee Seal].
……
Oh, I even got a seal?
I took the new seal out of my bag, and waved my hand to use it. The seal turned into a flash of light and disappeared within my Seal Book. I clicked on it to check out the stats. Ohhhh, the Killer Bee was a lot better than the Silver-Feathered Bird. Pets really were one of the necessities for early game leveling~
[Killer Bee]
Attack：★★★★☆
Defense：★★★
Health：★★★☆
Agility：★★★★☆
Magic：★★☆
……
Starting out with 4.5 stars worth of attack and agility, it would serve well as a player killing pet, though it could also make leveling up easier and more efficient! But to put use to this seal, I needed to find the actual Killer Bee. I wonder where the Killer Bee came from… I even opened up the official wiki, but I couldn’t find any information. The company for <Destiny> was so stingy. Trying to get information about <Destiny> was like trying to take a loan from a bank, they wouldn’t give money/information to a person who truly needed it.
Whatever, I would just return to the city to get my promotion!
I ran straight to Ba Huang City and found the healing instructor. The beautiful healing instructor was still standing tall with her staff, giving off a young vibe. She looked at me, and gave a charming smile, “Ah, my dear, have you finished your quest?”
I took out the sheepskin, already carved with the text from the gravestone, and gave it to her.
“I’m finished…..”
The instructor seemed shocked, “Okay, young healer. You’ve allowed me to see hope. Come, this reward belongs to you. You are now a real healer!”
“Ding!”
System Notification: Congratulations! You have finished your promotion quest. You have been promoted into a healer! Also, since you are the first player to be promoted into a healer. Special reward: Charm +5!
……
I already had 12 points of charm, but I still don’t know what charm was for…
I kept on chatting with the instructor. At the same time, two learnable skills popped up in front of my face——
[Heal (LV-1)]: Recovers 150 HP of the target’s health, cooldown of 6 seconds, costs 10 mana. Requires level 20.
[Therapy (LV-1]: Heals injuries(negative status condition), costs 10 mana. Requires level 20.
……
[Heal] was the upgraded version of [Hemostasis] and had a recovery power that was 3 times stronger than [Hemostasis]. Since I could also use the two skills in rotation, as long as I didn’t get one-shotted, I would be able to recover. [Therapy], I didn’t need to use for now. When players received a large amount of attacks, over a long period of time, they would produce injuries that reduced their fighting power. That was when [Therapy] came into use, but since players at this stage just died before injuries started to occur, [Therapy] was useless.
With the flick of my finger, I learned both skills. Now I was the first healer to be promoted in the entire server!
……
“Ringring!”
I received the incoming call. It was Wan Er, “Li Xiao Yao, disconnect and come down. It’s pretty late, and I have some stuff that I want to say to you!”
“Coming!”
[][][]

