
Chapter 726 - Provoking the Wrong Man[Valley of the Gods] clearly didn’t want to go. Lu Dong Bing rubbed his nose and said, “The main force of [Valley of the Gods] was mainly made up of mages and archers. We’re much better suited for city battles. Large scale charges aren’t towards our advantage. Rather, I think our brothers from the [Knights Templar] have strong warriors and cavalry. At least 50% of their troops are knights. This time, they’ve brought out at least thirteen thousand cavalry players with them. They are the best pick for this battle.” Shang Li shuddered and glared straight at Lu Dong Bing, “Why do we have to be the first to charge?”  War Tent chuckled as he stood behind Lu Dong Bing, “There’s no other choice, blame yourself for bringing so many people!”  Shang Li trembled. After a few seconds, he suddenly smiled, “If it’s like that then… Deputy Commander, I have a suggestion.”  Rumor’s curiosity was peaked and he smiled, “What is it?”  Shang Li replied, “The Greedy Wolf Brigade is rumored to have 20,000 cavalrymen, each stronger than the next, but even like that, they are losing in this battle. Just from this, you can see that the [Judgement] and [Zhan Long] cavalry aren’t some pushovers. Against a strong enemy, we can only stake it all in one attack. So how about this, why don’t you hadn the command of the [Valley of Gods] and [Wrath of Heroes] cavalry type players to me. Then, with [Knights Templar]’s 15,000 mounts, we can all charge together. With all three of our great guilds, we’ll have at least 30,000 mounts. Then, we’ll have Not Ordinary’s Greedy Wolf Brigade charge one more time. We’ll definitely be able to defeat those Steel Blade Horsemen and Frost Battle Rams with one strike!”  Rumor was at least the child of an official, and was just as ignorant and incompetent as any other kid, so he was someone who never had his own opinion. Once he heard Shang Li’s suggestion, he immediately broke into a smile, “Ok then, we’ll do just that! Lu Dong Bing, Tyrant of Western Chu, don’t be so nitpicky. Everyone just charge all together. We won’t let [Zhan Long] break through!”  He didn’t even give Lu dong Bing or Liu Ying a chance to refute his decision. The three guilds were going to charge with all of their cavalry. 　　…… On the battlefield, the Greedy Wolf Raider were being pushed back. With the glory from their older days, Not Ordinary and You Yi were hoping to defeat [Zhan Long]’s Steel Blade Horsemen in a head on battle. Never would they have managed that the Steel Blade Horsemen were like a strong wall in the face of a storm. No matter how hard they tried, they couldn’t even make the wall tremble. There was no way they could continue to drag this battle on. Either way, the Greedy Wolf Raiders had suffered the most in this fight. Sick for you, Yue Shao Chen and Shu Yan had all died in battle and the Greedy Wolf Raiders did not have the same spirit and drive that they had before.  D*mmit, keep charging!” Not Ordinary’s battle axe was dripping with blood, and he was still unwilling to admit his defeat. He continued to command his troops to try and turn the tide of battle.  Behind him, You Yi shouted, “Boss, Rumor is commanding the Greedy Wolf Raiders to retreat!” “What?!”  Not Ordinary’s face twisted with rage, “Just what right does he have to command me to retreat! Aren’t we doing well enough on our own?”  You Yi said, “Rumor said that the Greedy Wolf Raiders haven’t had any success even after fighting for so long. If we continue this, then we might even be completely annihilated. So, he wants us to retreat and switch over to the combined cavalry of the [Knights Templar], [Valley of the Gods] and [Wrath of Heroes]!”  Not Ordinary grit his teeth, “I f*cking fought for so long and I’m just going to sit around while I hand over all of my efforts to someone else? No, if I don’t completely shred all of [Zhan Long]’s Steel Blade Horsemen, then I will not rest!”  You Yi was starting to panic, “Boss!”  On the side, Call Me Master added, “Guildmaster, it doesn’t look like many of the Steel Blade Horsemen and the Frost Battle Rams are actually dying, rather, the Greedy Wolf Brigade is decreasing at an alarming rate. If we continue like this, then we’ll truly lose all our strength. If every Greedy Wolf Raider loses 1-2 pieces of equipment like this, then we won’t have any chance at victory the next time we see the Steel Blade Horsemen. If we preserve our strength, there will always be a chance for us to rise up again. Let’s retreat for now and let the three other guilds try and fight it out!” Call Me Master’s words made sense, plus Not Ordinary always had a soft spot for girls. And so, he nodded and shouted out, “Alright, Retreat!” 　　…… In reality, if the Greedy Wolf Raiders didn’t retreat, they would’ve lost terribly. Their forward wall had pretty much been completely annihilated. The entire frontline was littered with the bodies of the Greedy Wolf Raiders. Piles of potions and equipment were scattered around the battlefield. Just looking at it all made my heart itch to pick them up.  As I saw the Greedy Wolf Raiders retreat like the tide, I raised my blade and shouted, “Don’t follow them. Let’s take a quick break. The next wave of troops will come soon!”  Ye Lai swung his bloody battle axe over his shoulder and laughed, “Beautiful! We fought beautifully! We just gotta fight those Greedy Wolf b*st*rds head on! D*mn, they really thought that they could defeat us with numbers!”  I nodded with a smile, “Yup!” On the side, Li Mu was counting up our numbers. He replied, “In this battle, the Greedy Wolf Raiders lose 13,721 players, while our Steel Blade Horsemen lost less than a thousand and Ye Lai lost around two thousand. Ha ha, we must’ve completely broken their confidence in this battle! Let’s see if they dare and provoke [Zhan Long] ever again after this battle!”  Previously, the Greedy Wolf Raiders had relied on their advantage in numbers. They didn’t even worry about the [Zhan Long]’s Steel Blade Horsemen. Now though, with the Black Flame Set and the Frostbite Sword’s might, the Steel Blade Horsemen managed to deal an enormous blow to the Greedy Wolf Raiders’ main force while only suffering minor losses. This battle must have truly made Not Ordinary lose confidence. After this battle, the Greedy Wolf Raider’s legendary name will be broken. From today onward, people will remember that [Zhan Long] had used five thousand Steel Blade Horsemen to completely crush twenty thousand Greedy Wolf Raiders. I smiled and said , “Yup, everyone fought beautifully. Thanks for the work, but… we must continue. The next wave of their alliance will be upon us soon!” Li Mu raised his eyebrow and said, “If they come at us again, they’ll definitely have the advantage in numbers. Should we use our ranged players now?” I nodded, “Yes!” 　　…… I raised my Dragon Reservoir Sword and shouted, “Steel Blade Horsemen, advance forward a hundred meters and create a line defensive formation!”  In the distance, Rumor and Not Ordinary clearly didn’t expect the Steel Blade Horsemen to push forward. They couldn’t tell what was going on and their cavalry slowed down their advance.  Riding on my Flying Scythe War Horse, I lead the advance. Following right behind me, Wan Er, Dong Cheng, and Dancing Forest led the rest of our main force, and provided support from right behind the Steel Blade Horsemen. Our Cavalrymen spread out their formation. Like this, we’ll have the support of our mages and archers. Furthermore, we’ll have the heals from our healers as well. Under those conditions, our Steel Blade Horsemen can put aside all their worries and fight with all they’ve got!  To be honest, everyone knew that Rumor’s [Run Like Flames] was a no namer in Tian Ling City. It was a small guild that couldn’t even be considered third rate. However, he managed to become the Deputy Commander purely based on his connections, and was now the second most powerful person in the Chinese Servers. Of course, now, he needed some way to prove his strength, otherwise nobody would give a sh*t about him. And so, [Zhan Long] and [Judgement] were to become the chicken that was sacrificed for the monkey. Unfortunately for Rumor, he picked the wrong people. He had thought too simply of this game. This wasn’t a world where a second generation official could flaunt his power.  This was where the future hierarchy of the game was determined, through strength and brothers! 　　……After a whole thirty minutes passed, finally, the four guilds finished their preparations. Shang Li, War Tent and Liu Ying lead their three armies to advance while the Greedy Wolf Raiders had revived quite a few of their forces and made up a ten thousand man team. One team of five thousand was lead by Not Ordinary and was going to ambush the left flank while the other five thousand man team was lead by You Yi to do the same on the right flank. Their strategy was too obvious. They might as well have sent a battle notification to us.  I flicked my hand, and shook off the drying blood on my Dragon Reservoir Sword. Even I wasn’t too clear on what we were fighting for. The battle before was to test out the battle power of the Steel Blade Horsemen with their Black Flame sets. As for this battle, was it just an internal conflict?  I looked to my side and saw that Li Mu, Wang Jian, and Old K were all excited for the next round of killing. As the commander of three armies, I couldn’t say bullsh*t like I didn’t want to fight. And so, I waved my sword and roared, “Prepare for battle! Let’s show those trash what true power is and see just who wants to flaunt their strength in Tian Ling City!”  Those words had actually been directed at Rumor. I could already tell that when the country war opened up, this Rumor will definitely try and interfere with the battle strategies as the second most powerful person. However, he himself is completely ignorant and unskilled. All he really has is a special position. He would only bring more harm than good. However, this was someone that Director Liu Gong had put in here as some kind of representative of the Virtual World Committee. In their eyes, I’m just some warlord who amassed large armies. There was nothing more that needed to be said, all I could do was kiss up to them. Everything was for the honor of the Chinese Servers.　　…… Hooves crushed the leaves on the forest ground. The advance of the three guilds had begun. [Zhan Long]’s Steel Blade Horsemen each raised their swords and shields, and took a defensive stance.  Dong Cheng and Thousand Suns’ net of firepower quickly descended upon our enemies. One after another, [Magma Abyss]es and [Lightning Eagle Formation]s appeared on the field. Shang Li raised his spear and shouted, “Careful of the magic attacks!”  Unfortunately, a group of [Knights Templar] men had charged right into the net and were blasted to pieces!  “Shua!”  The moment Shang Li had charged out of the firepower, he suddenly took a bullet to his chest. Blood spurt forth. It was an attack from Xing Lie. “Peng peng peng!” His musket fired three times and Xing Lie’s three hit combo had shot off 30,000 health from this [Knights Templar] knight. After he lost too much health, Shang Li fell off his horse and retreated with his shield raised. Rage flared up in his face, “What the f*ck, what kind of attack power is this? Isn’t [Zhan Long]’s musketeer too OP?”  This was just the first face to face meet and yet the guildmaster of the [Knights Templar] was nearly killed in one hit. This was enough to disturb the three guilds. There was no way they could break through the sturdy wall of the Steel Blade  Horsemen. One after another, the [Knights Templar] swordsmen used [Blade Rush] to try and pierce through our formation, only to be killed by Wan Er and Qing Qian who were waiting behind. Once the swordsmen left their formation, they all died.  “Peng peng peng…”  Sparks flew as the enemies rammed against the Steel Blade Horsemen. Even so, they didn’t move a single step. Rather, it was the [Knights Templar] who ended up being pushed back and then got hit by our archers, musketeers and mages. Very soon, a pile of corpses lay before us.  In less than five minutes, Liu Ying raised his sword, the muscles in his face twitching. He turned around and shouted, “Retreat! If we continue this, we’re just running towards our deaths!” With Liu Yin’s shout, all of the other guilds also lost interest in this battle. After all, it was just walking towards their own deaths! 　　…… Rumor raised his sword and suddenly held off the retreating troops with a group of people. He roared, “If anyone dares to run away, kill them all!” Liu Ying roared, “You dare. Why don’t you try!”  Rumor was finally at a loss. It seems that he finally realized that he had just provoked someone he shouldn’t have. 
