
Chapter 671 - A Step Away
“Sha Sha……”
In the split second when Lu Chun Yang killed off Dong Cheng, I rapidly approached him. My Dragon Reservoir Sword began to glow with a [Wind Blade] and I slashed down at him. Lu Chun Yang reacted quickly and parried the attack with his sword, stopping the attack above his shoulder. At the same time, he slid back half a step, steadying his heart as his sword slowly whirled in front of him, ready to fend off any incoming attacks. This man is truly a deep and hidden expert in swordplay. Compared to Yan Zhao Warrior and Li Mu, those other professionals in the gaming industry, this sword nerd was truly much more knowledgeable about fencing in real life.
Without a second thought, I went on the offensive. I threw my Brilliant Fire Emperor up and caught it, stabbing it forward and piercing through Lu Chun yang’s defense. Simultaneously, I slashed his shoulder with my Dragon Reservoir Sword. I rushed forward threw a kick, crashing my leg guards against his chest plate with a “Bang”. Having received attacks continuously with no chance to fight back, Lu Chun Yang was furious. He roared and activated [Blade Rush]. Immediately after, the edge of his sword vibrated and the image of [Skyshaker Slash] appeared. 
“You must be looking to die!”
Particles of Dou Qi shined bright as they gathered around my body. Behind me was Enchanted Painting as she tried to release a chain of basic attacks to me. Even though they were painful, Lu Chun Yang was the immediate danger. He raised his long sword, I charged towards him with both my swords raised. “Klang Klang Klang!” Loud vibrations could be head as I landed three continuous attacks onto his arm. I then lifted my battle boot and with one kick, “Bang!”, the three big words “Successful Skill Break!” appeared. At this moment, even if it were Chang Sheng Jue’s healed the crap out of him, Lu Chun Yang would still .
“Pu Chi…….”
I held the Dragon Reservoir Sword as I released a deep slash onto Lu Chun Yang’s body, and directly penetrated his body and instantly killed him. 
However, the violent attacks from Enchanting Painting were still coming towards me. Her blade had a blood-red hue to it. That was the prelude to the [Armor Break Slash] Skill! Once I was hit by the [Armor Break Slash], my defense would steeply decrease and I would definitely be unable to stop attacks from her and Xuan Yuan Feng. I clenched my teeth and braced myself as I slashed out horizontally with my Brilliant Fire Emperor. “Pa!” There was a loud sound as it clashed with her sword, closing towards my body. I used my Dragon Reservoir Sword and heavily landed a hit on her wrist. This was yet another move from the Pulse Break Style.
Enchanting Painting’s lip twitched upwards as though she had already predicted that I would have such a reaction. I could only see a slip of her leg and she had suddenly changed directions, causing my third attack to miss. In that split second, I immediately cancelled my third attack as I raised both swords horizontally to block Enchanting Painting’s [Skyshaker Slash]. My health dropped another chunk as I had less than fifteen thousand health left.
Just behind me, a strong wind blew towards me as Xuan Yuan Feng’s [Heroic Ram] came my way!
Enchanting Painting leapt upwards, using the height advantage to increase her own power, as she fought against me, lifting her sword with both hands she pressed downwards with unimaginable force.
“Klang!”
With my Brilliant Fire Emperor resisting her long sword, the immense strength left me with no way to retaliate. Slowly, my body was being forced downwards and with a “Pa” sound, my leg guards broke the limestone boards beneath my feet. I saw an opening and dove forward into a roll. At that moment, not only did I cause Xuan Yuan Feng to miss his [Heroic Ram] but I also caused him to ram directly into Enchanting Picture. At that time, Enchanting Painting’s face turned green, “Ah! F*ck, Xuan Yuan Feng you big idiot!”
Xuan Yuan Feng could only stare on blankly. By then, I had already gotten up and raised my right leg. I kicked the back of Enchanted Painting’s legs causing her to lose balance. I then used [Cleansing Rain] to heal myself a bit. With this, I had regained a bit of my health….  I then swung both of my swords as I slashed thrice onto Enchanting Painting’s shoulder.
　　“7281！”
　　“7413！”
　　“7172！”
　　……
Enchanted Painting was already at critical health. She shouted, “Chang Sheng Jue, [Aid Domain]!” 
The healer behind her activated his large scale skill and he activated a [Grip of Compassion] for a good measure. At that moment, two large heal numbers flew up above Enchanted Painting’s head——
　　“+17311！”
　　“+13218！”
　　……
Motherf*cker, this is going to be a hard battle…. 
Xuan Yuan Feng used a [Ram]. His spear began to flash with the effect of [Skyshaker Stab] and it pierced through my chest armor. Enchanted Painting’s long sword continuously pierced critical points with terrifying accuracy. With both people attacking, my health quickly dropped to ten thousand. 
I glanced at my rage. After receiving a barrage of attacks, I recovered 30 points of health. That was enough for a small special skill. 
“Keng” My Brilliant Fire Emperor parried a normal attack. I then slashed my Dragon Reservoir Sword and dealt three cuts. Enchanted Painting’s pretty face was covered with surprise. She never would have thought that my normal attack would have such explosive power. She quickly began gathering the energy of [Thunderclap Slash]. 
Right as the [Thunderclap Slash] fell upon my head, I raised my left arm and targeted a stone pillar on the other side. “Pa!” my Dragon’s Hook pierced through the pillar and dragged me forward. Like that, I dodged Enchanted Painting’s slash.
Without any hesitation, I dodged the next attack and raised my arm. I then activated my special skill——[Defeat the Dragon]!
“Shua!” 
Enchanted Painting was suddenly dragged over to me. I swung both swords and threw another three cuts. I had instantly killed her. However, Enchanted Painting didn’t just sit and wait to die. Her blade began to glow and she threw a slash into my chest plate! 
　　“11287！”
“Wu….” Enchanted Painting fell. Her beautiful eyes were filled with doubt and disbelief. She seemed to notice as well that there was a small chance that I would win in this 4v1. However, she still managed to cut down my health. Now, I was down to a pitiful 4000. 
　　……
In the distance, Xuan Yuan Feng activated [Haste], increasing his movement speed. He charged forward with the fully healed Chang Sheng Jue. 
I glanced at my cooldown situation. [Strength of a Thousand Men],[Combo], and [Great Realm of Desolation] were both finished with their cooldowns. With a round of these skills, I’ll see if I can drain any more health back. Otherwise, I’ll truly not have any chance left! 
I raised my sword and charged forward. The second Xuan Yuan Feng threw out his [Halberd Flame]. I leapt up. My Brilliant Fire Emperor gripped his halberd. I threw a kick at his arm. I then raised both swords and threw a downwards cut! 
“Successful Skill Break!” 
　　……
“Huh?” Xuan Yuan Feng was stunned and retreated continuously. He entered a sluggish state for a short moment. It was short because it was less than a second and was practically impossible to react quickly enough 
In that moment, my body started to glow red. It was the effect of a Heavenly Tier skill, level 11 [Combo]. This was a Level 11 [Great Realm of Desolation] that fell upon Xuan Yuan Feng’s enormous shield. At the same time, I threw two normal attacks. “Keng Keng!” I rammed his shield away, exposing Xuan Yuan Feng’s chestplate. Power began to rise below my feet. An S rank Combo was activated [Strength of a Thousand Men]! 
As the attack swept out, an extremely strong force exploded out. I also managed to drain back quite a bit of health. However, every time I attacked, Xuan Yuan Feng’s armor would reflect a fraction of the damage back to me. Making it so that the health that I was draining back wasn’t enough to cover the damage that was being reflected. At least 40% of the close combat attacks were being reflected. Who knew when this piece of trash switched his equipment! 
The moment I killed Xuan Yuan Feng, I used a [Cleansing Rain]. After receiving all of that [Reflect] damage, I had less than 2000 health. Motherf*cker, who would’ve thought that the last scene of this Chinese Server Hero’s Wing’s Cup would be that of a porcupine….
“Wu….” 
Xuan Yuan Feng slowly fell to his knees as he flashed a dying smile, “You’ve still lost….” 
“Huh?” 
I looked up and saw Chang Sheng Jue charging over with his staff. He’s just a healer. How could I lose in a 1v1? Even if my health was kind of low… 
I raised both swords and dealt two attacks onto Chang Sheng Jue! 
“Keng keng….” 
　　“13127！”
　　“+2625！”
　　“11378！”
　　“+2275！”
　　……
I drained 7000 health back. I have a chance! 
I raised my boot and threw a kick onto Chang Sheng Jue’s staff. It was so strong that it threw him backwards! 
“Peng!” 
Chang Sheng Jue was nearly at critical health. He slid back ten meters. All of my skills were in a six second cool down and my rage was at 4 points. I could only deal normal attacks now. 
It was right at that moment that Chang Sheng Jue slowly stood up. He suddenly raised his staff. The tip of the staff began to heat up with a fiery glow. It was really a fire skill. It was a spell that Healers could learn at Level 100. The worst part was that once Chang Sheng Jue released this [Fire of Earth] skill, he actually had several needles appear in his hand! 
My heart sunk. I could tell that the situation was falling out of my favor…. 
“Shua!” 
The silver needles were seeped with poison to add on the [Fire of Earth]. These two skills fell upon me. They were both targeted skills. No matter how good I was at maneuvering, I couldn’t dodge them. 
　　“3217！”
　　“3728！”
　　……
I still had 100+ health. Alright! 
I raised my long sword. Right as my [Blade Spin] left my hand, I noticed that the face of my reflection was purple. I was poisoned? 
The [Poisoned Needles]!
　　“1500！”
　　“1500！”
I had taken two hits from the poison effect. My entire body went soft and I fell over… 
　　……
“Ding!” 
System Notification: Congratulations Team Fang Ge Que for becoming the champion of the Hero’s Wing’s Cup. Also, congratulations to Team Xiao Yao Zi Zai for winning second place! 
　　……
“Shua!” 
I was teleported out of the arena and then teleported out of the interface for the Hero’s Wing’s Cup. I appeared in the Tian Ling City. Wan Er, Dong Cheng, Qing QIan and Darling Duck appeared by my side. I raised my Dragon Reservoir Sword. It was still covered in blood. The blood of Enchanted Painting, Lu Chun Yang, and Xuan Yuan Feng. 
“F*ck, so it’s just going to end like that?” Dong Cheng bit her lip, “This is so frustrating. We paid too great of a price for killing Fang Ge Que….” 
Qing Qian narrowed her eyes, “Brother Xiao Yao managed to kill three of [Legend]’s main forces. Even though he missed by just a little at the end, I still think that it was enough to make Fang Ge Que become more cautious of us. There’s only a step now between [Zhan Long] and the championship. We will definitely become winners in the coming years!” 
I nodded, “There’s no need to be impatient. We still have a chance to fight in the Global Cup!” 
“Yes!” 
　　……
When I logged off, I put my gaming helmet into my bag. Our team picked up our belongings and walked out of the area. We were welcomed by a thunderous applause. Outside the arena, several zealous fans screamed Fang Ge Que’s ID. Of course, quite a few were also shouting my ID. Our performance at this year’s Hero’s Cup Tournament had gained us quite a few fans…. Ah that’s right, our dream wasn’t to rule the world…. Well there’s no matter. Fighting for the weak, that’s something you can only claim when you are strong enough. 
