
[]  []  []
Chapter 47 – Dragon City’s Scavenger
This chapter was sponsored by William Wang, Youviraj Busownd and Giacomo Alger-Francois!
Carrying my staff, I slowly departed towards the Ba Huang City’s northern gate.
Yue Qing Qian chased after me as I left. Standing outside the city wall covered with moss, she looked at me: “Xiao Yao Brother……”
She was almost about to cry. I turned around and faced Yue Qing Qian. I held out my hand and gently stroked her snow white chin. Smiling I told her: “I have to raise my level, when I’m strong enough, I’ll be back to completely defeat Yan Zhao Uncle, and take you away from [Prague]. Please wait for me to return!”
Yue Qing Qian unexpectedly nodded, tears trickling down her cheek, “pow”, each and every small teardrop splashing on the stone road.
Yan Zhao Warrior followed closely behind carrying a sword, looking very agitated and gritting his teeth. I was guessing Yan Zhao must hate me with his entire soul, while Yue Wei Liang stood there expressionless: “Older sister……Xiao Yao……”
……
I turned away and quickly disappeared in the forest with Baby Bobo. Carrying my staff, I swiftly ran toward Dragon City.
It was 5 o’clock in the afternoon and Lin Wan Er hadn’t called me yet, not that I was feeling anxious to go eat. Besides, my main priority was to go to Dragon City and maybe change my class.
Many hours and countless ice bears later, I finally arrived underneath the cliff of Dragon City!
Standing below the cliff side, I looked towards the top and gritted my teeth. While barely holding the staff in my mouth I climbed up the hill with great difficulty. After I climbed about 200 meter, I slipped and suddenly I found myself in a free fall. “PopPopPop”, bouncing off the rock walls. I finally landed on a limestone slab. System notification: “You been seriously injured, injury condition at 74%!”
Damn, to fall and get myself injured……
I waved my arms and cast [Therapy], the skill that I had gained after my promotion to a healer, it quickly removed my injury, and I continued to climb!
Finally after 1 hour and 7-8 times of falling, I stood before the immense Dragon City walls. Raising my arm, i  yelled loudly at the night soldier on guard: “Put down the rope, and pull me up. I have an important letters to give to the King of Dragon City!”
Shua!
From the top of the city walls dropped a rope, I grasped it firmly, and started climbing towards the top. But my strength failed me and after a few meters, and I fell back down. I cried out: “Brother above me, can you pull me up……”
The night guard shook his head: “Useless…”
Nevertheless he was kind enough to pull me up……
……
After I get to the top of Dragon City wall, I let out a sigh of relief, but before I could go find Frost, an invisible force pressured me. Behind me, a man walked toward me holding a flaming battle axe. He grabbed me by my neck and said: “Hey, rotten boy, where did you come from? Why are you trying to secretly infiltrate our Dragon City?”
My face turned green: “Infiltrating? Can’t you see that I came with the help of the night guards? I have a letter from Ba Huang City, to be deliver to King Luo Lin, you let go of me now!”
“Pah, this boy is arrogant….” The bearded man let go of me but lightly placed his axe at my neck: “Speak, what is your true purpose in coming here?”
I glanced at him, this guy must be a boss! With heavy armor, it was Dragon City’s Vice Captain, Su Ke! With his bushy beard and incredible muscles, this guy must weigh over a ton! He must be a Barbarian. How’d this guy become a Captain, I guessed even the largest of dragons would collapse under him.
At this moment, a cold voice came from behind me: “Su Ke, that’s enough. Release him, right now he’s a friend of Dragon City……”
“Oh, of course, Captain Frost……”
Su Ke hastily moved away his battle axe, looking respectfully at the woman behind me.
It was Frost! Ah, the only thing I could look forward to in Dragon City, and probably the only person in Dragon City that hadn’t treated me cruelly.
Frost was dressed in a white battle armament, she gently looked at me and asked: “Did you bring the introduction letter?”
I nodded: “Of course, I brought it. Duke Luo Lei personally wrote the letter!”
“Good……”Frost faintly smiled: “Give the letter to me, I’ll carry out the introduction ceremony to Dragon City…”
“Sure.”
I handed over the letter to Frost, she advanced forward and placed her cold hand over my heart and said :“Repeat after me……Within the freezing Dragon’s domain, I will always find warm kindness within my heart…”
I repeated: “Within the freezing Dragon’s domain, I will always find warm kindness within my heart…”
Frost pursed her red lips and continued: “Even if I die, I will fulfill my mission. I will defend Dragon City within the Dragon’s domain as long as I live……”
“Even if I die, I will fulfill my mission. I will defend Dragon City’s within the Dragon’s domain as long as I live……”
Frost smiled: “I wish to become a member of Dragon City, defending its honor with my life. And become the first line of defense for the 7 human empires. Even if I die, I will not betray the expectations of everyone!”
“I wish to become a member of Dragon City, defending its honor with my life. And become the first line of defense for the 7 human empires. Even if I die, I will not betray the expectations of everyone!”
“Good……”
Frost’s palm sent out powerful force and suddenly a golden ray descended from the sky, enveloping me. A familiar ring played next to my ear——“Ding!”
System Notification: Congratulation, you may now change your job, you will become a “Swordsman” and receive the profession’s title “Dragon City’s Scavenger”. However your former class “Healer” will be deleted, the system will randomly retain 1 skill from your previous class. Confirm the class switch and become a “Dragon City’s Scavenger”?
……
I was amazed, I would only be allowed to keep 1 skill from my previous class; [Hemostasis], [Heal], [Encourage], [Therapy] were all vital skills! This was too cruel, I thought that I would get to keep all of my skills……
I quickly confirmed. I must change my class, or else I would not have any attack or defense. Most importantly, I wouldn’t have any strong offensive skills. So how would I rescue Yue Qing Qian from Uncle Yan Zhao’s evil clutches besides class changing?!
“Ding!”
System Notification: You have randomly kept the skill——【Heal（Lv-3）】!
……
Yes! To retain my strongest recovery skill, my luck was very good! I jumped 3 feet high; d*mn, I was extremely happy!
At the same time, another system notification came——
“Ding!”
System Notification: Congratulations, you have successfully changed your class. You have become a “Dragon City’s Scavenger”, subclass of “Swordsmen”. You may now equip armor equipment and your growth potential has changed: Strength Growth 1.0, Endurance Growth 0.8, Agility Growth 0.9, Defense Growth 0.8, you automatically obtain the basic class skill:【Combo】(LV – 1)!
……
Looking at my new growth, my heart let out a relieved sigh. Originally, the healer class had a Strength Growth of 0.5, causing every 10 point put into strength growth to only add 5-5 or possibly 4-5 in attack. Now that I had become a swordsman with 1.0 growth, 10 point into strength growth would be 8-10 attack. Great!
Then I looked at my attributes, and already huge change had occurred——
【Xiao Yao Zi Zai】（Dragon City’s Scavenger）
Level: 29
Attack: 236-301
Defense: 104
Health: 410
Mana: 320
Charm: 25
……
Without any weapons, I had 301 points of damage! If I was able to use Jade City Sword, I’d gain another 300 point of damage. 601 points of damage even surpassed Baby Bobo’s. Tsk Tsk, this attack power was already impeccable!
Additionally, I obtained [Combo], this was the skill I really wanted the most, a prideful skill from the Swordsman class. A level 10 [Combo] could instantly deal 5-6 hits. The other classes were incapable of doing the same, therefore, the Swordsman class became the main damage dealer later. Of course, if I could make my own combo, then I would definitely be able fight bosses on my own.
Looking at my experience, it was at level 29 and 7%. I still needed quite a bit to reach level 30. In that case, I should strive hard to reach level 30 before I went offline today. I should at least raise my [Combo] to Level 3. Jade City Sword and Silver Locked Battle Boots were waiting for me to equip them!
……
Looking at Frost, I asked: “Umm……Lady Frost, who is my teacher?”
Frost hesitated before saying: “You are a low ranking member of Dragon City, therefore, your teacher will be Beast Tamer Dalin. He is responsible for Dragon City’s Scavenging missions, so he’ll be the one to teach you everything you need to learn……”
“Alright, I……where should I sleep at night? Inside the city?”
Frost smiled: “No, scavenging missions are outside of the city, therefore you should not stay inside the city walls, I will send you to the place where Beast Tamer Dalin is at. Since you already been branded with Dragon City mark, he will recognize you!”
After saying that Frost suddenly grabbed hold of my arm, “Brushes” and threw me off the city wall; she was trying to kill me!
……
With the cold wind whistling past my ears, and snow mercilessly whipping against my face, I slowly ground to a stop. In a distance, a bonfire was getting closer and closer, finally!
Bang!
I face planted into the ground, but not to my death. Frost’s strength protected me. Lifting my head up, I saw an impressive man slowly roasting a wild boar. He used a thick solid tree branch to penetrate through the wild boar, and placed it above the bonfire. His face was full of anticipation, this man was my teacher—— Beast Tamer Dalin!
……
“Ahh!”
My body began to ache as I turned myself over from the fall. Dalin stared at me: “Boy, what are you doing here……no wait what’s that mark on your shoulder? Oh no, did Frost allow you to become member of Dragon City?”
I nodded: “Yes, I’ve already become an honorable Dragon City Scavenger, and you are my teacher…”
Dalin patted his thigh: “Pah, that Lady Frost, to deliver a useless person to be my apprentice is really despicable. I, Dalin, have traversed the entirety of the barren lands but never before have I seen someone as useless as you!”
I patted off the snow off my body and firmly said: “Although I’m weak, you still need to give it your all when you’re teaching me……”
Dalin looked at me, gritting his teeth: “Very well, I will properly instruct you!”
I nodded: “Umm, right now I only have basic [Combo] skill, will teacher teach me a few more tricks?”
Dalin tapped his head and then laid down at the edge of his tent: “Alright, we’ll discuss it tomorrow!”
……
I sat silently near the campfire while Dalin vigorously ate his pork. When the first rays of light poked through the night clouds, he stood up, dragging his heavy chains and smiled: “Boy, we should hit the road. I will teach you the essential things to know in the Dragon’s Domain!”
I carried my staff and diligently followed after my teacher.
The trials of the new Dragon City Scavenger had started!
[]  []  []

