
Chapter 681 - Fiery Greedwolf Before long, Yao Yan lead the 100-man team through the foliage as well. From this distance, we could see You Yi’s men suppressing our comrades with their firepower. That flimsy shieldwall looked as if it would crumble any second now. “So how are we gonna do this?” Old K hoisted up his battle axe and licked his lips. He truly was a bloodthirsty warmonger. Even when he saw how outnumbered we were, the first thing that crossed his mind was not if we can put up a fight, but how we were gonna fight. “Let’s just go up and chop them; then call it a day!” Cang Lei proposed. This left me speechless. This moronic brother duo! It’s a good thing there was Yao Yan nearby. If these reckless punks were left to take command during a charge, we might as well call it GG already. Yao Yan gave me a look, “Chief, your orders?” I returned a nod to her then gave my instructions in the party chat, “Everyone follow me and charge; if you get stunned by archers, don’t panic. If you’re still alive after you recover, then catch up. We’re aiming for their mage formation. There’s still at least 30 healers with Death God’s Elegy. Once we get over there, 30 of us will get a [Hundred Battles] buff; those people will lead the second charge to break everyone out. If we get stuck back there, it will only end in total annihilation.”  “Understood!” Yao Yan chuckled. After all was said and done, I wasted no time to make my move. After I called out the [Dou Qi Wall] and [Frost’s Armor], with a low howl, I activated the [Dragon’s Whistle of Thunder & Lightning] to apply its buff effect onto the people within ten meters of me. Then, with the Ancient Heavenly Tiger by my side, I charged out at top speed and left behind an afterimage of a red blur. By the time their mages discovered me, it was too late. I triggered my [Halberd Flame] and I plunged right into their midst. A quick chain of indiscriminate attack skills promptly cuts down 5 of them. Then with the twin swords, I opened a path forward and tanked barrage after barrage of attacks. The ones from the archers were still okay, but the mages’ hurt like hell. ROAAAAAAAAAAAAR! The Ancient Heavenly Tiger also savagely charged in with me. The image of its giant version was superimposed over it. With all four of its paws ablaze, it ran wild among the crowd. And since [Flame Armor] was on, they couldn’t even break its defense; but the shock wave from a timely [Fierce Roar] pounded into the surrounding players. After I’d tanked for most of the initial burst, Yao Yan, Cang Lei and Old K led the rest of us over in a frenzied charge.  Our hundred people swept right through like a violent gust. As he watched from a safe distance, You Yi was already grinding his teeth in fury, “Don’t panic! There’s isn’t even a hundred of them! Archers, [Stun Shot]! Mages, [Lullaby]! Kill their advance!” Finally, a group of ‘Greedy Wolf Raiders’ returned to their senses. Then nonstop [Lullaby] spells made their way towards us. A dozen or so of us immediately stopped dead in our tracks; only a couple managed to be awakened right away by a hit from a nearby companion. Despite their new orders, the [Thousand Burial] members were simply too untrained; and in their rush, wasted too many [Lullaby]s on the same targets. But even so, we were dealt a severe blow.　　…… By the time I broke through their encirclement, only 50 or so were still behind me. The rest were either killed off or were being chain stunned/forced to sleep- way back there.  “Chief!” Death God’s Elegy was astonished, “Why are you guys here? What……” I hurriedly cut him off, “Quickly have the healers buff us with [Hundred Battles]; we’re breaking you all out! Don’t try to engage or we’re all finished!” “Got it! You guys, quick……” Streams of light began to shine over us. Yao Yan, Old K and Cang Lei all got the buff, which boosted their attack power by 25%. Scary. Furthermore, 32 of us got an [Anti-Magic Shield] as well. Since all of us were of the heavy armor class, this is just perfect! I turned around, and found You Yi furiously mouthing off, “Shieldwall! Lock Xiao Yao Zi Zai in there as well! You motherf*cking c*nt! You’re too f*cking full of yourself! You think you can deal with 3000 of us with just 100!?” Riders from [Thousand Burial] formed up a line and slammed their tower shields into the ground, and effectively cut us off from our companions that had been CC’d during the break in.　　…… “What do we do? Their shieldwall formation is actually pretty solid. We’ve experienced it first hand……” Death God’s Elegy whispered to me as he re-summoned his horse and got on. “If we’re to break through with brute force, we’ll definitely have to pay a deadly price……” I flashed him back a grin, “It’ll be fine, just charge in after me. We’ll break through to the west!”“Got it!” With the plan set, I raised up my hand. Rage Skill: [King’s Domain] activate! A pillar of light burst into the sky. My rage bar was emptied in an instant. A holy shroud enveloped the area within 500 meters of me and all friendlies received a buff. For 2 minutes, they would all enjoy a 100% boost to attack and defense as well a heal over time of 10% their maximum HP for every second. It was only in situations like these, that this Rage Skill could be perfectly utilized.“KILL!” Even as the tip of my sword pointed forward, we had all already started to charged out. Mid-charge, I abruptly sheathed my [Brilliant Flame Emperor]. Instead, my now empty left hand swung back, and hid the currents of electricity that swam up and down my arm. At the same time in the sky, dark clouds began to converge over this area; occasionally they discharged small streaks of lightning. You Yi noticed something wrong and looked up. Immediately, his pupils contracted,  “F*CK! It’s Xiao Yao Zi Zai’s [Thundering Heavens]! Everyone dodge……!” Too late! [Thundering Heavens] began to strike down right onto [Thousand Burial]’s shieldwall. There was at least a couple hundred people within its encompassing area. Numerous lightning bolts which brought hail and blades of wind with them, ripped right through the bodies. It pretty much one-shotted everyone it struck other than some Knights that stacked up HP. But even so, that once imposing shieldwall formation had become an open ground. The ones that were just barely hanging on were promptly finished off by the charge of Yao Yan and company. As for me, the [Kill for Blood] on my [Dragon Reservoir Sword] instantly hit  150%. The [Flying Scythe War Horse] gave a resounding neigh as it carried me to the very front right into the enemy ranks. Like an unstoppable lightning bolt, I cleared out a path with my dual swords in hand once more. Even You Yi could only run for cover while he directed people to come and try to fill in the gaps. But how could anyone even stand against us during these two minutes? The remaining 200+ of us effortlessly slaughtered our way through.You Yi wouldn’t give up though, and practically howled, “Everyone, mount up and chase them! They’ve got mages and healers with them; their speed is handicapped!” Behind You Yi, there was still at least 2500+ people from [Thousand Burial]. No matter what, we were still at a complete disadvantage. Death God’s Elegy grimly gripped his sword’s hilt and looked towards me. Seems he’s also grasped that we probably might not make it today. Rage was already simmering out of his eyes. “Guildmaster, you guys go ahead first! Let me take the rear. It’s about time I settle this with You Yi!” I cut him off with a swing of my sword arm.“Rejected. None of us will be left behind today. We’ll just set up formation here and face them head on. Wan Er and Dong Cheng should be here soon with our true main force. There’ll be nothing to worry about.”  Yao Yan also gestured with her shield, “That’s right! We’ll just duke it out right here!” Maybe he had heard us and felt endangered, but at this moment, You Yi’s embittered voice could be heard giving another order.“Boys, get ready for action!” 　　…… I also raised up my own sword to draw everyone’s attention, “Gather up! With me as the center, we’ll make a last stand here!” At this time, Yao Yan suddenly whispered to me, “Actually…… I just got new intel. Bai Mo Yan is approaching the [Magic Dragon’s Nest] with 4000 more [Thousand Burial] members…… I think we should actually just escape for now. I’ve met many of the experts from her previous guild. If these two groups join up, we’re as good as done for.”  “No. We’ll hold our position here until our reinforcements arrive. If we can’t even fight off [Thousand Burial] today, then we can forget about holding our chins up in Tian Ling City ever again.” I firmly rejected her suggestion of retreat. Cang Lei piped up, “Yea, that’s right! Let’s do it here. Let see who f*cks who over!” Yao Yan exposed a helpless expression, “Fine. Then this lady will gladly accompany everyone along to hell and back……”　　…… On the opposing side, an Archer checked with You Yi, “Vice-Guildmaster, should we wait for Bai Mo Yan’s unit to get here before we attack? I mean, it is Xiao Yao Zi Zai over there. And Hero Ran Min, Cang Lei, Yue Yao Yan and Death God’s Elegy……” You Yi coldly sneered, “What’s there to still be afraid of? Xiao Yao Zi Zai’s large scale AOE and Rage skills are on cooldown. All that’s left is a fangless tiger. The current him is simply a higher than average level player that we can just crush with our greater numbers. Archers make sure to keep your targets on him. He’s definitely not gonna get out of this one!” My heart faltered for a bit. It’s just as You Yi said. If hundreds of people in their 5th  advancement class were focused on firing at me, I was gonna end up in crumbs even if I was made of metal. But still, no matter what, this could only strengthen my resolve. For the sake of the comrades beside and behind me.　　…… The enemy began their advance on us. I started off with ‘greeting’ a dozen or so of them with my ranged skills before the focused fire left me near death, and I had no choice but to quickly withdraw back for some healing.  Nearby, Yao Yan with just 17% HP looked to me once more, “Guildmaster, we really should…… just retreat. They have too much firepower…… We’ll really end up completely annihilated––––” “Yao Yan, haven’t you felt something’s off? This situation… it feels like You Yi is more focused on ridding this map of our presence rather than their revenge. Like… he’s trying to protect something……? “...That……” Alarm appeared on her face. She recalled for a couple seconds, then looked up, “That seems to be true…… but what could he be hiding?” I lightly smirked, “That’s still a mystery for now… but, all we need is to have someone sneak in and find out.”  “En. But who?” “......She’s already on the move.” “Eh?”　　…… ShaaaaaaShaaaaaa……  Not far from us, a patch of tall withered grass trembled a bit as a slender figure dashed past like a blur and disappeared into thin air. Daggers readied in hand, Qing Qian neatly circumvented the conflict area and made her way behind You Yi’s rear and further into the map.Her unanticipated early arrival had given me new hope. Wan Er and Dong Cheng shouldn’t be too far behind with our reinforcements. At the very least, they shouldn’t be any slower than Bai Mo Yan’s group.　…… We endured for another 10 minutes. Then behind us, at the valley’s entrance, a large number of people began to show up. It was Bai Mo Yan and [Thousand Burial]’s people! “They’re here!” Yao Yan became frantic. “Yea, and so is Wan Er!” I couldn’t help but feel relieved.   As expected, Bai Mo Yan did not immediately rush our undefended rear. She braced herself on the slope and began giving orders.“Change positions, all heavy melee withdraw to the rear line and ready the defense. Cang Tong and Cang Yue are here with their people!”　　…… Plop!I received a PM from Qing Qian, “Xiao Yao-gege, I’ve discovered why they’re so stubborn about not letting us into [Firewolf Valley]! “Good. Why?”“In a low area near the center of the valley, is the top of a waterfall. And below that waterfall, is a spawn point for the [Fiery Greedwolves]. However, within every group of 100 wolf mobs here is a level 1 tameable wolf. Once tamed, they can become mounts. What grade and stats they have are currently still unknown. But one thing is for sure; they’re quality mounts.” ‘...Is that so? Now I get it……”
