
Chapter 647 - Absolute Tyrant Under HeavenThe next day, I went to class in the morning, and then left at exactly 11 o'clock. I returned to the residence and ate a simple meal. After that, we immediately returned to our respective rooms to go online. The Hero's Wings's preliminary round for China would start at 12 o'clock, and the preliminaries consisted of five matches that were best of one. If you won one match, you would get 1 point, so you couldn't be careless. Furthermore, you would get eliminated if you lost a single round, so you would have to exit the moment you lost a round
"Swoosh!"
As I entered the game, I appeared in the east plaza of Tian Ling City. The Hero's Wings was about to start, and even the logo for the Hero's Wings competition had appeared in the sky. This was an official competition from [Destiny] itself. One could just imagine how strictly they were observing it. 
I took a look at the various items in my bag. Once I made sure that I had sufficient potions and cards, I went to go repair my equipment. In the afternoon, we were going to experience many fierce battles. There was a total of a million teams competing just in the Chinese Server alone, and to get our way into the strongest thirty two, we had fight and win fifteen battles. This was absolutely a drawn-out fight!
After a few seconds, the beautiful girls Wan Er, Dong Cheng, Qing Qian, and Darling Duck, appeared by my side. There was still ten minutes left until the competition began. The system had automatically sorted us into our five man team. Furthermore, a countdown to the competition appeared on all of our interfaces.  
When there was only five  minutes remaining, we were automatically teleported into a competition room--
"Swoosh!"
The five of us were sent into a sealed space, and were prohibited from sending messages. We were even prohibited from connecting to a phone signal. A bell rang and the system told us about the specific rules of this Hero's Wings competition--

 All skills, including special skills, that have a cooldown that exceeds 30 minutes are forbidden. 
 You are prohibited from using pets or mounts. 
 You are prohibited from using cards. 
 Players are not allowed to insult other players during the competition. Players who do so will be disqualified. 

……
"Di!"
System Notification: Please note, your skills [Thundering Heavens]. [Black Tortoise Realm], [Soul Army], [Seven Star Teleportation], [Azure Dragon Crossbow], [Dragon Transformation] and [King Domain] cannot be used!
Looking at this notification, I was stunned. I looked at the few beautiful girls beside me and said, "[Thundering Heavens], [Mohist's Five Scrolls], and a few other big skills have been prohibited. What about you guys?"
Wan Er glanced at her prohibited skills, and laughed, "I'm still fine, all of my skills are just some small special skills and skills that have a short cooldown. All of the skills of the Hermit God are still relatively short. 
I nodded my head, "Then that's fine!"
At this moment, the system sent another notification, Team [Xiao Yao Zi Zai], your opponents for the first round, [World Domination] have been successfully matched up with you, and the competition will officially start in one hundred and twenty seconds. May the team leader please distribute the combat list!
……
A blank name list appeared in my game interface. There were three 1v1 matches. After thinking about it for a while, I decided that Wan Er, Dong Cheng, and I would go out to fight. Swordsmen, Assassins, and Mages were the true 1v1 jobs. As for the 2v2, I would let Wan Er and Dong Cheng go out and fight together. There was no other option for the 5v5, everyone had to go up!
After 90 seconds, the formation of the other team had already appeared on the large screen of the sealed room. It was extremely bright--
1v1: Xiao Yao Zi Zai-Level 119 Dragon Rider VS Exceptional Squid-Level 105 Swordsman
1v1: Cang Tong-Level 117 Hermit God VS Laugh Without Regrets-Level 107 Mage
1v1: Cang Yue-Level 117 Mage VS Throwing My Heart Away While Walking-Level 103 Assassin
2v2: Cang Tong-Level 117 Hermit God & Cang Yue-Level 117 Mage VS Exceptional Squid-Level 105 Swordsman & Laugh Without Regrets-Level 107 Mage
5v5: ALL VS ALL
　　……
Looking at the opposing team, I slightly laughed: “Their levels aren’t considered high, we can definitely get an easy 5:0! I’m ready to go up!”
Qing Qian held her dagger as she leaned beside the small window in the competition room. The 100x100 yard battlefield had already appeared in the large screen in front. This was an old building that was surrounded by a beautiful scenery, and there was a pavilion hovering over it. The competition grounds were built using rock this time, and it probably wouldn’t be like last time’s Rise of the Heroes, where I broke the competition stage with one slash.
The system started a countdown, and when there was still 10 seconds left, I was directly teleported into the match area!
“Swoosh!”
I appeared with my twin swords. My opponent was a Swordsman called Exceptional Squid, and it seemed like his equipment wasn’t very strong. He had Emperor, Purple, and even Saint Tier equipments, and it was very messy. However, he still excitedly looked at me, and said: “It seems that I’m out of luck today. Meeting Xiao Yao Zi Zai in my first match. Ahh, whatever, just take this free lunch, I surrender!”
I laughed with a friendly tone: “Come, let’s fight to the death!”
　　“OK！”
The opponent meticulously activated his skills. [Dou Qi Armor], [Dou Qi Armor](What?), were all used to raise his stats, while I also activated my [Wall of Dou Qi] and [Frost Armor]. This Hero’s Wings competition didn’t allow pets or mounts, which meant that the players would just be competing with their strength and defense. However, this also made it a bit fairer.
“I’m coming!”
Exceptional Squid held his long sword and activated [Assault]. I looked at his skill clearly, and my legs slightly slid. I successfully dodged it. However, in the instant that it MISSed, Exceptional Squid turned his body and used [Blade Rush]. I estimated the distance, and quickly retreated. The Dragon Reservoir Sword trembled, and the charging period of [Wind Blade] finished. I widened the distance between us by 6 yards, and his [Blade Rush] perfectly sent him right to my blade. I raised my Dragon Reservoir Sword, and it was a [Wind Blade]!
　　“15272！”
The Brilliant Fire Emperor swept across, and its effect activated, which added the [Raging Flame Swordplay] to my normal attacks, causing my blade to be surrounded by a raging flame!
　　“11227！”
After two attacks, Exceptional Squid immediately collapsed on to the ground. His face was on the ground, and he had a gratified smile on his face: “Losing to the blade of such a strong opponent, I have no more regrets in my life…”
Me: “...”
The two of us were sent out of the battleground together, and the score of our two teams also appeared on the large screen.
　　1:0！
I raised my hand and sheathed my twin swords, then smiled: “Ok, my job is done. Next, it’s all up to you guys!”
Wan Er nodded her head: “Yup!”
Our [Zhan Long]’s beautiful vice guild leader was teleported into the battleground. Her opponent was a Mage called Laugh Without Regrets.  He was a youngster that was approximately 20+ years old. He looked at Wan Er, and immediately, he happily said, “My opponent is Tian Ling City’s number one beauty, Cang Tong, I’m truly too blessed, too blessed…”
Wan Er had a helpless expression on her face. She raised her dagger, and her figure slightly sank as she laughed, “What kind of Tian Ling City’s number one beauty am I? Don’t simply say things, let’s fight…”
Laugh Without Regrets stamped on the ground, activating [Mana Shield]. After that, he opened his left hand, and held [Indigo Sea Arrow] in one hand. The effects of [Lightning Eagle Wave] began to appear on the tip of his mage staff, as he cautiously looked at Wan Er.
This time, Wan Er didn’t go into stealth mode. Perhaps, she was thinking of leaving [Stealth] for a stronger opponent. She raised her left hand and pulled out her steel umbrella. She had a dagger in one hand, and a steel umbrella in the other, as she charged towards her opponent. With a “Peng”, the steel umbrella blocked the [Indigo Sea Arrow]. She then swung her left arm, and rammed her umbrella into Laugh Without Regrets. After that, she whirled around, and activated the first strike of [Blade of the Death God] with her right dagger. In an instant, she switched her left dagger, and broke through his defense with the remaining three strikes of [Blade of the Death God], instantly killing him. She didn’t even give the opponent the chance to use [Dimensional Leap].
　　……
2:0, it went extremely smoothly!
For the third match, Dong Cheng took the field. She was facing an Assassin. Despite that, I wasn’t worried at all. Dong Cheng was exceptionally intelligent, and she was basically one of the top mages in Tian Ling City. There were only a handful that were as strong as her. She wouldn’t feel any pressure against an assassin.
Sure enough, after the opponent used [Stealth], Dong Cheng immediately activated [Lightning Eagle Wave] to sweep the whole battlefield, forcing the opponent’s figure out. When the opponent raised his hand to [Camouflage] himself, Dong Cheng’s [Lullaby] had already landed, Throwing My Heart Away trembled and fell asleep. Following that, Dong Cheng opened her palm, and lightning began to spark at the center. [Thunderbolt Finger] swept out. Simultaneously, she activated the Holy Ghost skill [Flame Beast Burst Raid], causing many flame beasts to rush about in the battlefield. Without mentioning the fact that he couldn’t [Camouflage] himself, even if he did manage to go invisible, he would still get forcefully killed!
　　3:0！
Looking at this score, I was somewhat speechless. I smiled and talked to Wan Er, “Looking at Dong Cheng’s damage, I’m starting to feel a lot more confident about the 5v5. As long as the two of us can be the tank, just one of Dong Cheng’s [Flame Beast Burst Raid]s will be enough to seal the match.
Wan Er laughed and nodded, “That’s right, Dong Cheng is really powerful!”
The fourth match started.We had already won with a 3:0 score. But, to increase our hidden points even further, our side requested to finish the match. Wan Er and Dong Cheng stepped onto the field, and Wan Er charged the first moment of the match. Her [Flying Dagger]+3 normal attacks instantly killed the Mage, while Dong Cheng consecutively retreated several steps, and used [Flame Beast Burst Raid]+[Pillars of Fire and Ice] to instantly kill the pursuing Swordsman. It was too simple.
　　4:0！
Soon, it was already time for the 5th match. The last match was the 5v5 team fight!
“Swoosh!”
Our five people entered the field together. Darling Dark raised her magic staff, and laughed, “Say, who should I give my [Hundred Battles] BUFF to?”
I thought about it, “Before the Top 32, just give it to Dong Cheng. Wan Er and I will make the charge, while Qing Qian is responsible for protecting Dong Cheng. If someone tries chasing after Dong Cheng, stun them. Dong Cheng is responsible for using [Thunderbolt Finger]+[Flame Beast Burst Fire] to sweep them out!” 
The beautiful ladies nodded their heads together, “Yes sir!”
　　……
“Keng!”
I unsheathed my Dragon Reservoir Sword and my Brilliant Fire Emperor. I locked on to Laugh Without Regrets, and smiled, “Guess how I’m going to attack?”
“You’re going to start with an area attack!” The corner of Wan Er’s rose into a wry smile, as she said, “If nothing goes wrong, you’ll activate [Sword Tempest], then after that, you’ll use the special skill [Halberd Flame] to charge in and kill them while burning them. Am I right, pig?”
I couldn’t help but laugh, “It’s still our Cang Tong who understands me the most…”
“Idiot! Just go kill them quickly!”
“Yup!”
I raised my sword and activated [Assault]. Suddenly, my body accelerated forward, and with a “Swoosh”, I charged into the group of opponents, stunning Laugh Without Regrets. I then activated [Halberd Flame], which would deal a normal attack’s amount of damage every second. At the same time, I horizontally held my twin swords, activating [Sword Tempest], instantly killing the opponent’s Assassin and Healer.
“F*ck!”
Exceptional Squid was at low health as he charged towards Dong Cheng. He shouted, “We can’t let Cang Yue use magic, or else we’ll definitely lose…”
After a [Blade Rush] caused Dong Cheng’s [Thunderbolt Finger] to MISS, the team leader, Exceptional Squid tried to kill our number one Mage in a frenzy. He never would’ve thought that Qing Qian would directly charge towards him with her daggers in hand, and use [Gouge] to stun him, then use [Twin Blade Harmony] to kill him!
Wan Er also pursued and killed the opposing Mage, while Dong Cheng’s [Flame Beast Burst Raid] killed off the last Archer. Within 3 minutes, [Zhan Long]’s main team had rapidly KOed this team called “World Domination”.
