
Chapter 629 Qualified Girlfriend
In the evening around six, we met up at the hot pot restaurant outside of the university. 
 
A boiling pot of broth sat in the middle of the table. Tonight, Wan Er invited quite a few people with us. There was the four of us, Tang Qi, Dong Cheng, and Qing Wen. Matcha was also invited. So there was a total of six people. We all sat around the hot pot and began discussing some game business——
 
Dong Cheng said, “Brother Xiao Yao lost to Q-Sword today, but it wasn’t too bad. At least you managed to get the reward from the Magic Dragon, so it wasn’t too great of a loss, right?”
 
I nodded, “Yup.” 
 
Wan Er said, “Then what did you do with the Sacred Heaven Sword?” 
 
I smiled, “I fused it with my Dragon Reservoir Sword, upgrading it to a Demon Harvest Weapon.” 
 
“Eh! A Demon Harvest weapon?” The little miss’ mouth widened, “The Demon Harvest Weapons all have a number. How much is the Dragon Reservoir Sword’s?” 
 
“0007. Why, what’s up with it?” 
“Idiot, the number on the equipment means that there’s a limit to the number of Demon Harvest Equipments. From the looks of that number, there should be a total of 10,000 Demon Harvest Weapons in the entire server. And your Dragon Reservoir Sword is ranked seventh among all ten thousand. I’ve looked into this. The Nation Suppressing Sword that Q-Sword got has a really high attack power, however it’s number 1028 in the Demon Harvest Equipments. This means that the Nation Suppressing Sword’s stats are far weaker than your Dragon Reservoir.” 
I was startled, “So there was actually something like that?” 
Wan Er grinned, “Of course….” 
 
Matcha bit her lip and said frustratingly, “Hmph, during the battle in the Magic Dragon’s Nest, boss was the only one there frpm [Zhan Long]. Otherwise, how would he let Q-Sword take off with the Nation Suppressing Sword? It really isn’t nice, having so many people try to PK boss. They actually dare to spread the recording and say that boss had been beaten by Q-Sword.”  
I rubbed my nose, “A loss is a loss. It’s nothing. The battle skills that Q-Sword used truly are strong.” 
Wan Er looked into my eyes and smiled, “There you go, the character of a hero is one who can accept both wins and losses… however, Q-Sword now has a full suit of equipment for defense and health. Plus, he has a total of 22.4% in [Drain] effects. These are the typical warrior equipments. Other than that, to think that he would use such an intricate and complicated skill. This person is truly a terrifying enemy.” 
I nodded, “Yup. Next time when we’re battling in the wilderness, us [Zhan Long] players must be more cautious when we see Q-Sword. Don’t fight him one on one. I’m afraid that right now, there isn’t a single player on par with him.” 
Dong Cheng smiled, “Yup. Besides, we even have one of Q-Sword’s helpers at the table right now…..”  
 
Tang Qi embarrassingly raised his bowl and said into it. “That… during the Magic Dragon’s Nest battle, I didn’t attack at all. Even when he entered into the range for the [Hexagram]. Besides, Q-Sword really has been using superb battling techniques to deal with Li Xiao Yao. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have spent half a month pouring over the details of the main battle styles.” 
Dong Cheng tilted her head and looked at me, “Brother Xiao Yao, how do you plan on countering Q-Sword? Who knows, maybe [Vanguard]’s Jian Feng Han, [Prague]s’ Yan Zhao Warrior and [Legend]’s Lu Chun Yang are also thinking of how to counter him. 
I nodded, “Mhm. The recording of Q-Sword beating me had already turning viral. Sooner or later, Pulse Break Style was going to become the mainstream battling tactic. The rhythm in this game was extremely fast. There wasn’t enough time to stop or take a step back. I’m going to need to spend time studying the intricacies of the Pulse Break Style…” 
Wan Er smiled, “The requirements to execute the Pulse Break Style are very high. You must have top notch speed and reaction time. Only expert players can truly make the split second decisions that are necessary. Otherwise, the Pulse Break Style will only be a cumbersome tactic. Although, Pig, you have a good reaction time and your Twin Sword Play gives you more room for maneuvers. Learning the Pulse Break Style is a good idea. Eh… Sister, why aren’t you saying anything?” 
Qin Wen held up a lamb roll and smiled, “I don’t understand anything you guys are talking about. No worries, you keep on talking. I’ll just focus on the food!” 
“Alright then….” 
 
　　……
After we finished eating dinner, we sent Matcha back to the office and returned home. 
By the time we reached the apartment, it was already eight o’clock at night. I logged onto the game and began to study the details of the Pulse Break Style. If it was as Matcha had said, then I wouldn’t need to understand the entire thing. All I have to do is get a basic understanding, so that I won’t be at such a disadvantage like I was this afternoon. 
“Shua!” 
When I logged on, I appeared in the Eastern Plaza of Tian Ling City. I first took out a stack of the Dragon Spit Grass in my bag and began to make them into pills. Not long after, I heard a bell ring. As I had predicted, I was the first to reach Level 12——
“Ding!” 
System Notification: Congratulations, you’re [Medicine Refinement] has leveld up! Because you are the first player to reach Heavenly Tier Level 2, you have received a reward——Charm +15
 
　　……
Good, I got 15 points of charm too. 
After that, I stopped focusing on my [Medicine Refining] and quickly went to check on my inbox. There were 4000+ emails in it. About 50% were from players trying to meet with me. There were even some girls wanting to hook up. I ignored all of them. There were even some from players in [House of Prestige] and [Flying Dragon] that were cursing at me. When I scrolled to my newest messages, I finally found a group that came from Matcha. When I opened it up, I saw that there was a total of seven documents attached. I downloaded all of them. 
 
There were several documents that detailed the personal accounts of players who practiced the Pulse Break Style. They were all from at least a year ago. After all, besides Little Demon, there was practically no one else who had such a complete handle on the Pulse Break Style. And, after Little Demon left, that also meant that there wasn’t anyone left who was an expert. 
 
As I continued looking, I finally found the account from Little Demon. I sat down against a wall and leaned my Dragon Reservoir against myself. Relaxed, I sat there and began to read through the content. All in all, the Pulse Break Style was a technique, but it was also a process of immersing the user into the game. There were a total of four steps——
Judgement, The Pulse Break Style dictates that the user must understand the enemy and every detail of their combat style. Only then can the user accurately determine how to interrupt their skill. 
 
Movement, this refers to moving into the right position and angle. This way, the user can place themselves in the most optimal position for maneuvers.
Clarity, this describes the time between the user’s understanding and the moment the attack initiates. The moment to interrupt it is but a blink of an eye and only lasts while the enemy is 70-90% powered up for the skill. That is when the chance to interrupt the skill is the highest.
Attack, this is the most critical step. Victory and defeat is determined in this one move. Control over the attack timing was extremely important. That was the key point in the Pulse Break Style. Otherwise, it has no importance before any high level players. In that situation, whoever attacks first becomes disadvantaged. 
 
　　……
As I read on, I saw that after Little Demon’s written documents, there were also diagrams depicting examples. One of the pictures drew out a diagram of all of the important artery points and muscles in a person. The opponent’s swordplay, punches, and kicks could actually all be interrupted. All attacks struck precisely at the enemy’s weak points, increasing the chances of interrupting the skill.
I was an expert in terms of how these muscles twist and move. After training under the old geezer for so many years, I’d picked up a few things. However, my previous understanding wasn’t for defeating an enemy, but rather killing them. Furthermore, I could easily see that Little Demon also didn’t fully understand the acupuncture points and had made some minor mistakes. But, that couldn’t be helped. After all, she wasn’t a doctor. Her understanding was enough to make her undefeatable in the virtual world. 
After reading the material for a long time, a full four hours passed by. It was already midnight. 
I suddenly looked up and took a deep breath. There were just too many extraordinary things in the world. Who would’ve thought that one could learn so much about the intricacies in battle while playing a game. 
“Di!” 
I received a message from my beautiful future girlfriend the little miss, “How’s your research going? I’m going to sleep soon….” 
I replied, “Ok. I’ll go to sleep later…” 
“Take a break, go to the Great Hall in the Dragon’s Den. We can duel each other there. I’ll be your pretend enemy….” 
“Ok!” 
Wan Er really was very considerate. I raised my sword and began activating the teleport. In the next moment, I appeared in the Dragon’s Den. Not far from there, I could see Chi Yu Han training a group of soldiers. Chi Yu Qing sat on the edge of the observation deck, letting her legs swing in the air. I could hear her saying, “Those people over there, you go and move the boulders. Don’t be lazy.” 
I didn’t bother greeting them and headed straight for the Great Hall. “Shua!” I entered the great doors and saw that Wan Er was already waiting for me with her daggers in hand. She smiled as I walked in, “How is it? Do you think that the lecture Matcha gave you helped?” 
I nodded, “Mhm. At the least it should be useful.” 
“Then come at me. Let’s start from the first step…” Wan Er sent out an invite to a duel. Afterwards, she smiled. “I’ll attack you with [Blade of the Death God]. Let’s see if you can interrupt it or not.” 
“Ok!” 
I got into position and quietly stood there. I could see Wan Er aiming her dagger at me. Her slight figure suddenly charged at me. Both of her daggers began to glow with the red energy from the [Blade of the Death God]. “Shua Shua Shua” The three attacks flew out! 
 
It was too fast! 
I raised my Zhen Yue Sword to block, ramming it into the center of Wan Er’s left dagger. I then made a sidestep and pushed my Dragon Reservoir Sword. “Peng!” sparks flew from the clash. Wan Er’s [Blade of the Death God] had shifted slightly, but it still pierced through my Hidden Dragon Armor. I then crossed my swords and “Keng!” I blocked the second attack. I retreated several steps and took the third hit. 
Wan Er stood still and smiled, “Pighead, that isn’t right. The second step was a block. As for the first step, that seemed a little like the Break Pulse Style. But, it was a little slow. Again!” 
“Ok!” 
The second time we tried, Wan Er used the exact same attack and dealt three attacks at once from [Blade of the Death God]. This time, I was prepared. The beautiful little miss’ [Blade of the Death God] could be completed in one second. Each attack was 0.3 seconds long. That meant that I had 0.2 seconds to find the loophole. Otherwise, it would be too late. 
I emptied my mind and time seemed to slow down in that moment. I watched Wan Er’s figure charge at me. My Zhen Yue Sword slightly shuddered. Within 0.2 seconds, I rammed it into the center of the left dagger. Then, I let out my Dragon Reservoir Sword. But instead of an attack, I shifted into a block. “Keng Keng”, both strikes from Wan Er’s [Blade of the Death God] had been interrupted. However, the third attack was coming. I remained calm and slid forward. Then, with a leap, I leaned backward and kicked Wan Er’s wrist! 
“Keng!” 
The second strike had been interrupted. However, Wan er wasn’t some noob and so she immediately leaned forward and threw a kick. “Peng!” she knocked me over and the third strike from the [Blade of the Death God] flashed by my neck. She grinned and took back the strike, saying, “Pig, for the sake of the Pulse Break Style, are you planning on giving up even the most basic defenses? If it was like that, then even if the Pulse Break succeeded, you would still be beaten to death by the opponent….” 
I slowly crawled up from the ground and rubbed my nose with a grin, “Again!” 
“Ok.” 
