
Chapter 627 - The Taste of Defeat
“Swoosh!”
The Dragon Reservoir Sword cut through the air, and I leapt up. I ingeniously angled the blade while midair, directly striking at the right side of Q-Sword’s war horse. That was a dead angle since he couldn’t shift his force. A mount still increased attack and defense. However, in the case of where both players had similar levels in technique, it was better to fight on the ground since there was more flexibility. 
Facing my approaching blow, Q-Sword used his palm to push off the horse’s back. He flipped around, leaping off of his mount. In the instant that he put away his mount, he moved his sword, and blocked my attack with a “Keng”.
The moment Q-Sword landed, the light of [Fierce Ice Blade] appeared on my Dragon Reservoir Sword, and the light of [Wind Blade] appeared on my Nation Suppressing Sword and I attacked on two fronts! 
“Hmm?”
Q-Sword tightly furrowed his brows: “Two skills can be activated at the same time?!”
However, just as my twin swords were about to strike him, Q-Sword’s right hand suddenly shuddered, and his long sword lightly tapped the point of my Dragon Reservoir Sword. He flicked his wrist, sliding the sword across mine. “Keng”, a blue light burst forth, and he broke my [Fierce Ice Blade]!  
I was dumbstruck. He actually broke my attack skill. What skill was this?
“Sha sha…”
Q-Sword still had a calm face, and he slid forward. His shoulder sank as he rammed my wrist as it held the Nation Suppressing Sword. Following that, he spun around, and jabbed his elbow backwards. With a “Keng”, he struck my shoulder. Immediately following that, another blue coloured wave surged forth. Even my [Wind Blade] was broken! Facing a skill that could forcibly break my two skills, I was extremely shocked.
I raised my combat boots for a kick. “Bang”, my Yuan Rong’s Combat Boots struck Q-Sword’s leg. I used speed to fight speed, and rotated my arms, activating a [Combo] with my twin swords.
Q-Sword let out a low shout, activating [Spark Armor], forcibly taking my attack. When I activated [Blade Rush]+[Blade Spin], a group of Healers from [Hero’s Mound] healed Q-Sword, and a faint smile appeared at the corner of Q-Sword’s mouth, “Li Xiao Yao, you’ve lost this time.”
I retreated several steps, and my blade flashed out, suddenly killing two nearby Assassins. I was still shaken. Something was wrong, but I couldn’t figure out what.
Q-Sword raised his sword with both hands, and his arms suddenly became as red as fire. His originally handsome face was distorted with a sinister expression, as he faintly laughed, “I just learned this skill. How about I test it out on you?
As he said that, the saber in Q-Sword’s hands was suddenly smelted by the raging flames on his arms. Following up, he raised his arms, and countless rays of sword light condensed in the air. As a “Blacksmith Swordsman”, Q-Sword had always learnt very OP skills, and he laughed while looking at me: “Holy Ghost Level 1 Skill--[Hundred Smelted Swords]!”
“Bang bang bang…”
In mid air, the countless rays of sword light indiscriminately struck the area surrounding me. I could only use my twin swords to block it. I couldn’t block it at all and my health dropped rapidly--
　　“13172！”

　　“12221！”

　　“11237！”

　　……
“Bang…”

My body slightly trembled. I leaned on the rock wall behind me. My best advantage, my health, was also fully depleted. The Nation Suppressing Sword in my right hand dropped with a “Swoosh”. The equipment that I just got wasn’t mine in the end, and was still dropped. I didn’t even have the time to clearly see the stats of the Nation Suppressing Sword. Fortunately, the head of Hilbert was a Quest Item, and didn’t drop!
“Swoosh!”
I appeared in the graveyard of the Magic Dragon’s Nest in spirit form. I didn’t rush to get back and revive, but sat there on my bum at the foot of the cemetery’s angel statue. I stared blankly at the sky, and my mind was in a chaos. Just what in the world was that skill that Q-Sword used? He could actually break both of my main skills in an instant? It’s safe to say that...in reality, that kind of collision wouldn’t make me lose my attack power, right? After all, this is a game, the rules and reality didn’t actually coordinate that well, right?
I looked over the recent battle recording, and carefully observed a few parts of it. Despite that, I was still perplexed even after much thought. I couldn’t understand why such a situation had occurred. Within the game, there are skills that can be used to block, defend, and resist attacks. However, Q-Sword’s skill directly broke apart my skill. Furthermore, I didn’t see him enter any special mode or activate any special skill. What in the world was this?
“Di!”
A message arrived from Wan Er, “Pig, did you just get killed by Q-Sword 10 minutes ago in the Magic Dragon’s Nest?”
I was somewhat embarrassed as I replied, “Yup, I couldn’t beat Q-Sword in single combat…”
Wan Er, “It doesn’t matter. Winning and losing are both common in battles. I’ll treat you to hotpot  tonight, so don’t feel too bad…”
Me: “Yup, I’m fine. It wasn’t even the first time that I’ve been oppressed. I’ve been oppressed by trash like Liu Ying and Flying Dragon before. What are those defeats compared to losing to the strongest person in battle technique?
Wan Er, “Alright, then I’ll feel relieved. That’s right, I heard that...you dropped a Demon Harvest Nation Suppressing Sword to Q-Sword as well?”
Immediately, I was somewhat speechless: “Wow, bad news really travels a thousand miles. I was already holding the Demon Harvest weapon, and I unexpectedly dropped it. Sigh, I’ve lost face. It’s my fault for going to the Magic Dragon’s Nest alone…”
Wan Er sent over another smiley emoji: “It’s fine, idiot. It’s not actually like this. Li Mu and Qing Qian have been capturing mounts today while Q-Sword brought over the main force of [Hero’s Mound] to clear the Magic Dragon’s Nest. So it can be considered that you sacrificed yourself to obtain the chance for the whole guild to get more mounts! Okay, I’ll treat you to something nice tonight, I’ll pay for it!”
“Yup! Wan Er, play by yourself for a bit, I need to ponder this again!”
“Fine, go ahead!”
　　……
When I opened [Destiny]’s newly opened forum for Tian Ling City, sure enough, I saw a stickied forum post that even had an extra red colour to it*. It was a copy of a battle recording. Within a short 15 minutes, it had already surpassed 1 million views, and there had already been over 10000 replies to it. It was a post that Wang Ze Cheng had posted--

TL Note: In chinese forums, they use a red glow on the forum post to highlight things. 
[Challenge] During a battle in the Magic Dragon’s Nest, [Zhan Long]’s guild leader Xiao Yao Zi Zai lost to [Hero’s Mound]’s guild leader, Q-Sword, and is returning in low spirits!
After that, it had a video attached to it. The video was nearly 2 minutes long, and it showed how my [Wind Blade] and [Fierce Ice Blade] were forcibly broken, as well as how I was besieged by a group of players from [Hero’s Mound], and finally how I was killed by Q-Sword’s Holy Ghost Tier skill, [Hundred Smelted Blades]. Basically, I was truly defeated in solo combat. Looking at the contents of the post, it perfectly described the phrase “Good things don’t leave the door, bad things travel for a thousand miles”--
[1st Reply] (Player Cang Cheng) : First post! [Hero’s Mound] is mighty! Q-Sword is mighty!
[2nd Reply] (Player Ageless Beauty) : Handsome babe is also great!
[3rd Reply] (Player Yan Zhao Warrior) : F*ck, this can’t be right? Li Xiao Yao was really completely defeated by Q-Sword? This...how can this be? Q-Sword directly broke apart Li Xiao Yao’s both skills, how in the world was it done?
[4th Reply] (Player Misty Clouds) : I can’t believe that Xiao Yao’s first battle in Tian Ling City was a loss...however, don’t worry, just try again!
[5th Layer] (Player Quick Thunder Swift Wind) : Hahaha, Xiao Yao Zi Zai is such an SX! He actually thought that he could beat a grandmaster level expert like Q-Sword! Let me tell you, you’re still lacking a lot!
[6th Reply] (Player Yue Qing Qian) : Q-Sword is truly shameless. So many people are attacking Brother Xiao Yao alone...and he actually has the face to ask someone to post something like this to ridicule Brother Xiao Yao...
[7th Reply] (Player Mu Xuan) : F*ck, this makes no sense. How could Little Zai Zai lose to Q-Sword? He didn’t lose to Q-Sword during the Rise of the Heroes Tournament...
[8th Layer] (Player Drunken Spear) : Actually, after I finished looking at the video, I can impartially say one thing. Q-Sword is truly a genius that has an extremely high learning ability. This skill that he used to beat Li Xiao Yao, isn’t it the legendary Pulse Break Style? Unexpectedly...the grandmaster of the Battle Reflux Style has started to use the Pulse Break Style, and furthermore, his understanding of the main aspects of the style is very deep. It is extremely hard. Li Xiao Yao didn’t suffer any injustice when he lost.
　　……
Basically, 40% of the people here were supporting me, 30% were trying to kick a person when they were down, sneering at how I wasn’t as skilled as Q-Sword. The other 20% were maintaining their neutrality, and the remaining 10% were trying to pick up girls. However, a loss was still a loss, and there was nothing nice to say about it. I could only train myself more. There was nothing in this world that could be solved with just the snap of my fingers. Although my actual strength was growing at an incredibly fast pace. In the end, there were still many domains that I hadn’t explored in the game yet.
I return to the Magic Dragon’s Nest in my spirit form, and found my corpse on the third floor. At least 60 minutes had passed, and the people from [Hero’s Mound] and [House of Prestige] had already left. It seemed like they had actually fought a bit, which ended with [House of Prestige]’s defeat.
I revived myself and took out my City Returning Scroll. I left this area. The resources in this area had already been cleaned out, and there was nothing left that would make me reluctant to leave.
“Swoosh!”
I appeared within Tian Ling City, which was already full of players. Within a short 8 hours, the number of fifth advancement players that had entered Tian Ling City exceeded a hundred thousand, at the minimum. Furthermore, it would unceasingly increase. The main group of players were already starting to exceed Level 100.
I summoned my Flying Scythe War Horse, and climbed up the horse. I headed directly towards the imperial palace. When I entered, I could already see the Great Emperor Rob standing there from a distance. I took out the fierce looking dragon head from my bag, which was almost as big as half a car. “Bang”, I placed it below the steps that lead to the emperor, and took out the bounty for the Magic Dragon. I said: “Your Majesty, I have killed the Magic Dragon Hilbert. This is its head. I would like to claim my reward!”
Motherf*cker, I’ve already lost the Nation Suppressing Sword. At least I still have the head of a Magic Dragon to console my sad heart....
As a result, half of the civil and military officers in the great hall were extremely shocked--
“Heavens, this...this it really the head of that ruthless Magic Dragon?”
“Who is this adventurer? He actually killed Hilbert, he’s practically the reincarnation of a hero!”
“Your Majesty, the empire has a saviour! There’s actually someone who could kill this demon Hilbert!”
　　……

The Great Emperor Rob was also slightly stunned. After confirming it, he laughed: “Young warrior, your bravery and courage has extremely shocked me. Come, this is an honour that belongs to you! I hope that you can continue achieving meritorious deeds for the empire!”
In the end, the mission level of this bounty to kill the Magic Dragon was extremely high, and it was unexpectedly broadcast across the whole Tian Ling City with a system announcement--
“Ding!”
System Announcement: Congratulations to player Xiao Yao Zi Zai who has killed the Magic Dragon Hilbert and has brought the Magic Dragon’s Bounty from Tian Ling City’s Monarch! He has obtained the following generous rewards--[Sacred Heaven Sword] x1, [Flame Sword Style] x1, Dragon Spit Grass x1000, Demon God Grass x30000, Charm x25, and Level+1!
