
Chapter 655 - The Tyrannial 10:0
It was the afternoon of the next day. I was already woken up by Wan Er at 7 in the morning. After that, I was dragged along by her to go tour around the surrounding areas near the convention centre. We didn't eat at the dining hall, but the on small streets outside. We tasted the distinctive local flavours here, which was the Pancakes+Hu La Tang. This was truly a nondescript combination. However, the face of the little miss was full of sweat as she ate, and her expression which was brimming with youth was extremely enjoyable to look at. 
When we finally returned, it was already 8:30. Everyone had a backpack along with them, which had their own game helmets inside, as they walked into the central building. Before entering, we were already shocked by the sea of people. The uncountable numbers of viewers were currently queueing up to get into the competition venue, while Wan Er and I relied on our participant passes to enter via the participant entrance. From the distance, there were already people that had recognised us, and were pointing at us as if they were looking at aliens--
“Look, isn't that [Zhan Long]'s beauty Cang Tong? How pretty..." 
"Her figure is so nice...I can still see her S line even though she's wearing a coat..."
"Isn't that Xiao Yao Zi Zai beside her? That's [Zhan Long]'s guild leader!"
"It is! D*mn, the goddess already has a boyfriend..."
……
Wan Er and I hastily entered the central building. After that, we quickly registered and entered the waiting area for the participants, to wait for the competition to begin. Li Meng Yao, Dong Cheng, and the others were already waiting there. Li Meng Yao giggled: "I couldn't find brother in the morning, I even thought that he had been abducted and sold... Dong Cheng told me that it was sister-in-law who had taken him away..."
Wan Er's face instantly turned red: "What sister in law?"
Li Meng Yao pursed her red lips: "Isn't my brother's girlfriend my sister in law!"
Wan Er lowered her head. Her face was already extremely red: "Why do I feel so strange..."
I calmly replied: "It's fine, the competition is about to start already. I wonder which match will be chosen as the opening match?"
"It should be Fang Ge Que's match?"
Dong Cheng replied: "After all, Fang Ge Que is the crowd favourite to win the tournament. Furthermore, Fang Ge Que was the champion of last time's Rise of the Heroes tournament, and [Legend] is the nation's publicly recognised number one guild. Therefore, using Fang Ge Que to start the tournament is natural."
"Yea..."
Wan Er looked up at the large screen, then said: "Let's just see how our luck is. I hope that we won't get too bad of a draw for the first round. Pig, as a team leader, you have to have luckier hands. I would rather not meet Fang Ge Que's team, nor do I want a civil war to happen too!"
"I know..."
At this moment, a familiar figure appeared on the stage. It was ZGTV's Fei Er. Holding the microphone, she appeared wearing professional clothes. She smiled as she asked the team leaders of the Top 32 teams to come up onto the stage and draw lots. I was unwilling to pass on my responsibilities, and stood up. Along with Mu Xuan, Ye Lai, Q-Sword, and the others, I walked up on to stage. All thirty two people drew their lots. Ultimately, our first opponent was the first team of Fan Shu City's [Fantasy Kingdom]. This was simple, beating them wouldn't take much. 
Sure enough, Fei Er quickly confirmed that the first match, as the opening match, would be Fang Ge Que's team VS Han Bei Song's team. 
Looking at the matchup on the large screen, Han Bei Song wiped away his tears and said: "Fxck , this pair of hands can't love anymore..."
Ye Lai and I were patting his left and right shoulders as we said: "Have a good journey..."
……
Sure enough, [Legend]'s team was too strong. For the first match, Fang Ge Que started off by beating Sheltering Guest 2:0. Following that, Lu Chun Yang defeated Thundercloud 2:0. For the third match, Enchanted Painting defeated Han Bei Song 2:0, and the fourth 2v2 match was also a 2:0, For the final match, [Legend] relied on Fang Ge Que's astonishing magic attack to directly instakill 3 people in a row. In the end, it was still a 2:0. This also signified that the score for the whole match was 10:0, and they had 5:0'ed [Blood Contract]'s main team. Even though it was just the opening match, [Legend] still went at full power, leaving no mercy at all.  
Han Bei Song held his game helmet, and he rubbed his nose as he walked out. He said: "D*mmit, I suddenly feel like I've lost a lot of face. Don’t know if there’s a tea egg in today's lunch box..."
Who's Blue lightly laughed: "Accept your fate. Who made us meet [Legend]'s main team? I expected this ending a long time ago..."
……
Following that, the second match was between [Zhan Long]'s main team and [Fantasy Kingdom]'s main team. There was no suspense at all to this. Wan Er went out for the first match, for an Assassin VS Assassin matchup. She cleaned up Sole Heir with a 2:0 win. After that, I went up for the second match and cleaned up Night Approaching Wind. For the third match, Dong Cheng supressed and took down an opposing Berserker with a 2:0 win. The remaning two rounds were also 2:0, and we also swept our opponents away with a 10:0 win. This fact proved that, even though two teams both entered into the Top 32, there could also be a wide gap between our strengths. 
Match after match of decisive battles were methodically carried out. Q-Sword's team overcame their opponents with a 4:1 score; Jian Feng Han's team swept their opponents with a 5:0 win; Yan Zhao Warrior's team got a big victory with a 4:1 score. As for [Zhan Long]'s teams, team Li Mu got a big victory with a 4:1 score; Team Wolf got a risky win with a 3:2 score. Meng Yao was on the same team. They had lost Star Blade's 1v1 and the 2v2 match. The opponent’s Mage was very strong, nearly killing Star Blade instantly. They won as they managed to win a point in one of the separate rounds.
However, it wasn't bad overall. [Zhan Long]'s four teams all miraculously entered the Top 16, although Wolf and Li Meng Yao's team barely stumbled into the Top 16. 
Not long after, the matchup for the Top 16 finally appeared on the large screen. We were separated into four zones--
Zone A: Team Q-Sword VS Team Blade Hero -- Team Judgement VS Team Li Meng Yao
Zone B: Team Li Mu VS Team Fang Ge Que -- Team Flying Dragon VS Team House of Prestige
Zone C: Team Jian Feng Han VS Team Emerald Porcelain -- Enemies at the Gate VS Team Mu Xuan
Zone D: Team Wolf VS Team Yan Zhao Warrior --Team Moonlit Lake VS Team Xiao Yao Zi Zai
……
Looking at the match ups, Wan Er unenthusiastically laughed: "They’re all strong collisions. There aren't even weak teams left anymore. Fighting against any team would be just as tough. However, it seems like we won't meet [Legend] and [Hero's Mound]'s main teams until the finals."
Li Mu's face turned ashen: "Why do we have to meet Fang Ge Que's team during the Top 16? Is this destiny's choice?"
Ye Lai said: "I'm meeting Li Xiao Yao's sister's team in the first round. Does that mean that I can't be too heavy-handed during the start?"
I laughed: "No matter. If someone wants to represent the Chinese area to fight in the global Hero's Wings finals, and if someone wants to bring the Hero's Wings trophy back home, then it doesn't matter...regardless of what kind of opponent you face, you have to use your whole strength in the fight."
"Ok..."
……
I quietly watched the fights. For the first round, Q-Sword led the outstanding heroes of [Hero's Mound] to fight against the main team of [Dao Jian Xuan]. When Q-Sword and Tang Qi went up the stage, the entire hall immediately erupted into an ovation. Furthermore, it was full of the screeches of countless young girls. Q-Sword was acclaimed as the Chinese area's most perfect man. His body was sturdy, and his looks were handsome. His combat techniques were also exceptionally heroic and effective, and so naturally, he was popular among the members of the audience. 
There wasn't much suspense to the matchup. It was a 10:1 sweep. Only Jian Han threw away one point, and the overall score was 5:0, as they sent the main team of Jiu Li City's [Dao Jian Xuan] packing home. 
Facing this kind of score, practically no one felt surprise. [Hero's Mound]'s strength was clearly exhibited in this match. Q-Sword had secured the most points, while Tang Qi had many control skills, allowing him to advance and retreat. Jian Han and Sword Tears were both well-known figures in Q-Sword's family, and their individual combat skill wouldn't be too inferior. 
For the second match, it was Team Li Meng Yao VS Team Ye Lai. This match had some qualities which made it worth it to watch.(idk how to TL this part) The two teams confirmed their team lists and their team orders, and their battle formations appeared on teh big screen--
1v1: Xi Yao Ge Jin-Level 101 Knight VS Jin Ke-Level 115 Assassin
1v1: Yue Yao Yan-Level 115 Knight VS Ye Lao-Level 117 Flame Barbarian
1v1: Cang Lei-Level 114 Berserker VS Babel Buddha-Level 114 Wind Swordsman
2v2: Cang Lei-Level 114 Berserker & Death God's Elegy-Level 114 Knight VS Ye Lai-Level 117 Flame Barbarian & Babel Buddha-Level 114 Wind Swordsman
5V5：ALL　VS　ALL
……
For the first match, it was Li Meng Yao VS Jin Ke. Jin Ke was also an experienced player. He appeared in the battlefield with a suit of elite leather armor. Li Meng Yao held her Heavy Shield and Zhen Yue Sword as she stood in front of Jin Ke. A pair of beautiful eyes cautiously looked around at everything surrounding her, and she entered a defensive state after Jin Ke entered stealth mode. 
"Sha sha..."
On the large screen, the wind blew and leaves floated on the battlefield. The shape of a falling leaf danced about in midair with a "shua shua". Suddenly, Jin Ke's body appeared, and he accelerated as he charged towards Li Meng Yao. A light flashed as he activated [Gouge] with his dagger, attempting to stun her. Li Meng Yao used [Heavenly Shield Wall] and stood there without moving. Jin Ke took advantage of this and skillfully slid behind Li Meng Yao. He used [Backstab]+[Twin Blade Harmony]+[Chain Attack] to use up all of his energy, then leaped backwards. A fluorescent light spread out as he entered stealth mode, waiting for his energy to recover. 
"Ah..." 
In the instant that she broke free of the stun, Li Meng Yao charged over. My younger sister was exceptionally intelligent, and she fiercely smashed her heavy shield onto the body of  Jin Ke who was in the middle of entering stealth mode. The Zhen Yue Sword danced about, and [Skyshaker Stab]+[Icy Spear] consecutively landed!
“6237！”
“7111！”
Since her level was too low, there was a limit to her damage. Even if her full frontal attack succeeded, she still couldn't instakill her opponent. 
Jin Ke clenched his teeth, and struck with his dagger again, successfully landing the second [Gouge]. He wasn't anxious to attack, and instead waited for almost 1 second for his energy to recover. The twin daggers suddenly exploded out, continuously landing 5 hits of [Defense Removal] to lower Li Meng Yao's defense by 50%. Following that was a [God Army Penetration]+[Twin Blade Harmony] combination attack!
“13131！”
“14227！”
His blows were too painful, and Li Meng Yao's health had dropped dangerously low. Her [Dou Qi Armor] had already been broken. However, she was suddenly enlightened by an idea, and used a Level 11 Potion and [Cleansing Wind] together as she withstood another attack. She managed to survive!
She swept out her Zhen Yue Sword, throwing three continuous normal attacks +[Icy Spear]+Normal Attack instantly dropping Jing Ke’s health. He had underestimated Li Meng Yao too much. He hastily drank a health potion while retreating. However, Li Meng Yao took advantage of that and used a [Valiant Strike] to follow up. After another normal attack, [Skyshaker Stab]'s cooldown was ready. She hit her opponent as his health was plummeting, and killed him in one final strike! 
1:0！
It was hard to believe that my newbie sister could actually get a precious point from the number one Assassin from [Judgement].
