
Chapter 683 - Magma Falls Mountain RangeThere were around 300+ Greedy Wolf Raiders. The leader was one of [Thousand Burial]’s new recruits. It was also someone that we had heard of—— Minimalist LV 115 Gold Knight City: Tian Ling City Guild: [Thousand Burial] Position: Team LeaderHe was a young man around 22 years old clothed in black armor. He carried a long sword that had flames spouting from the tip and he rode on a Flame Greedwolf. The wolf growled at Yue Yao  Yan.. Minimalist smiled and said, “Since I joined [Thousand Burial], my first battle would actually be against [Zhan Long]. Interesting. Brothers, charge with me. Let’s show [Zhan Long] just who is unrivaled in this world!”  One after another the Greedy Wolf Raiders raised their swords and cheered. In the next moment, they all charged forward. Yao Yan was a girl who would never give in. And so she raised her blade and roared, “Kill!”  Nearly a hundred [Zhan Long] players charged at the 300+ Greedy Wolf Raiders lead by Minimalist. Right at the moment they were about to clash, Yao Yan activated [Brave Ram], stunning one of the Greedy Wolf Raiders behind Minimalist. Afterwards, a chain of light flashed and she had cut him down. Minimalist roared and pulled out his blade from his cloak, dealing a chain of attacks. Watching from afar, I was stunned by the performance. This Minimalist was an expert. He understood the principle of maximising strength by pulling back before striking. If he had directly slashed, then the momentum behind his attack would be far weaker.  The Level 11 [Combo]+[Skyshaker Slash] had instantly killed one of [Zhan Long]’s berserkers. Minimalist then dashed forward and brought a group of Greedy Wolf Raiders with him to lay destruction. Their attack speed was much faster than that of the [Zhan Long] players. The players that Yao Yan had brought with her were actually met with a situation where they couldn’t hold off the enemy. One after another they fell from their horses. In the blink of an eye, 23 of our hundred man army had died.  “Not good….” Dong Cheng narrowed her eyes as she watched the battle unfold, “Brother Xiao Yao, you and Wan Er go and deal with these Greed Wolf Brigade members. Leave the rest to me!”  “Ok!”  I urged my horse out and charged forward. I raised my sword while I was still a distance away. Power rushed into my arm and I locked [Great Realm of Desolation] onto a Greedy Wolf Raider. The skill exploded and I had unexpectedly dealt a Superior effect with critical damage in that one attack! 　　“37224！” The rider fell of his mount and was instantly killed. Looks like these Greedy Wolf Raiders are just faster. Other than that, they weren’t much stronger than our [Zhan Long] players.  “Kill!”  Old K, Moon Feather, Star Blade and Lin Xiao Xie  all followed in my lead. Nearly 500 of [Zhan Long]’s close combat players charged forward to turn the tides of war. The enemy’s formation began to fall apart. They were like a fist that had lost its strength after the initial hit at Yao Yan’s team. Now that they had lost their strength and were met by [Zhan Long]’s attack, they were also losing their drive. “Ka cha!” My Dragon Reservoir Sword swept out, slashing into one of the Greed Wolf Raiders’ waist. My Kill for Blood effect had reached 150%. Add on skills such as [Sword Tempest] and [Seven Star Fragment Slash], very soon, the 300+ Raiders of [Thousand Burial] unraveled.  “Go!”  My Flying Scythe War Horse leapt up and I raised both my swords and dealt a cut at Minimalist. I want to see just how much weight this CBN Battlenet Ranked 741 expert has!  Once Minimalist spotted my attack, he knew that he wouldn’t be able to dodge it. Instead of retreating, he took it head on and parried the attack!  “Keng!”  Sparks flew, and illuminated the dark valley. Minimalist slid across the grass and was pushed back nearly 5 meters by my attack. Shock colored his face. He reached out to grab the reins of the greedwolf. He shouted, “Vice guildmaster, the situation is falling out of our favor. I think that before it gets out of control, we should leave.”  You Yi grit his teeth, “Ok, retreat. Retreat 1000 yards to the Flame Wolf Valley!” 　　…… The 300+ Greed Wolf Cavalry men had lost 100 men in that short five minutes. The rest retreated. They moved with extreme precision and speed. Unable to catch up, we turned our horses around and massacred the rest of the players on the ground. There was no need to take pity on them however, as they showed no mercy when they were cutting down our players.  In the blink of an eye, 3000+ [Thousand Mound] player corpses lie before us and all of [Zhan Long]’s players had been revived. We established a 5500+ man formation. All in all, it was a great victory for us.  I sheathed my Dragon Reservoir Sword and looked at the situation in the distance, “Just how deep is the Flame Wolf Valley? They’re actually retreating a thousand yards into it?”  Wan Er shook her head, “I don’t know. It’s a map that hasn’t been explored yet so we can’t see its complete shape.”  Old K raised his battle axe and chuckled, “Ah Lei and I think that we should take this chance to pursue. We’ll kill them all and beat them up until they don’t dare hit us back. We cannot let them obtain more Greed Wolf Mounts!”  I nodded, “That seems to be the right choice…”  “That….”  Wan Er bit her lip and said, “Actually, I’ve heard of another method. And that is to corner our enemy. No matter how big that Flame Wolf Valley is, it can’t be never ending. We should’ve already killed seventy to eighty percent of their Flame Greedwolfs. The number of mounts in that valley should only be slightly bigger than that. There’s no need to kill them all, after all, the [Thousand Burial] players will naturally jump over the wall when they are cornered.”  I patted my Flying Scythe Horse’s mane. I couldn’t feel satisfied if I didn’t kill them all. However, Wan Er was the vice guildmaster and my girlfriend. I couldn’t go against her opinion now. Otherwise I won’t be able to ensure the loyalty of my guild. And so, I looked at Wan Er and smiled, “How about this, I’ll take a group of mounted players and pursue them 400 yards in. Only 400. Then, Wan Er and Qing Qian, you guys take assassin type players to scout ahead. If there are any untamed Greed Wolfs, then we’ll attack. Even if we have to kill them, we cannot let [Thousand Burial] get them.”  As everyone knew, in this game, as long as there were over 1000 mounts, the army would have created an incredibly strong charging force. With just 300 Greedwolf’s, Minimalist was able to break through the [Zhan Long: Defense Army] that Yao Yan lead. To be honest, even if there were over a thousand Greedy Wolf Mounts, we would still be able to cut them all down. However, leaving an enemy this strong was never the best plan. Besides, You Yi and Not Ordinary now carry such a great hatred for me. The mission last time had managed to make Not Ordinary lose over a billion RMB worth of goods. It’d be strange if he didn’t hate my guts. Wan Er stared into my eyes. She seemed to understand my thoughts and grinned, “Alright then. I  knew that you were a person crazy for battle. Then we’ll advance 400 yards. Qing Qian and I will go ahead and scout. Let’s move out!” 　　…… And so, everyone excitedly and confidently marched forward. After advancing 400 yards, we saw that quite a few [Thousand Mound] players had already crushed their City Return Scrolls. One after another, lights flashed in the valley, and illuminated the surrounding.s  Wan Er and Qing Qian entered into the depths of the valley. Not long after, Wan Er said in the team chat, “Melon and I have already reached the deepest part of the Flame Wolf Valley. There was nothing there. All of the monsters here have already been killed. Minimalist still has 2000 people with him here and they’re grinding levels. Right now… There are over a thousand Flame Greed Wolfs here. If we take Minimalist’s words, he had said to put the sharp blade back in its sheath… [Thousand Burial] is patiently waiting. They are waiting for the Greed Wolf Brigade to turn into a greater scale and then use those to fight us.”  Qing Qian asked, “Brother Xiao Yao, all of the monsters here have been killed. Level 1 Mount monsters need at least 72 hours in order to spawn. We don’t need to wait here for 72 hours right?”  I shook my head with a smile, “Of course not. This Battle of Flame Wolf Valley is at its end… Not bad, we have the advantage in numbers. We’ll let those [Thousand Burial] Greed Wolf Raiders know that we aren’t to be bullied. Once we reach our goal, everyone prepare to go back to the city!”  “Yes!”  Right at that moment, the General Wang Jian warned us on the guild chat, “Brother Xiao Yao, is our main force still in the Flame Wolf Valley?”  “Yea, we are. What’s wrong?”  Wang Jian told us quickly “Then don’t hurry back. We aren’t going to be able to pass through the night quietly. Li Mu and I brought a hundred man team to duel some Greed Wolf Raiders. We accidentally entered into the Wu Mountain territory. All of the monsters there had high levels and they were all wild beast types. I suggest that you take some people over there to grind some levels. Either way, [Zhan Long] hasn’t had an activity in a long time.”  I faintly smiled, “I’m afraid that’s not all that is there.”  Wang Jian looked down with a smile, “Alright alright, I can’t hide anything from Brother Xiao Yao. We aren’t the only people in this Magma Falls Mountain Range. [House of Prestige]’s Swift Thunder brought two thousand man teams here. He wants to seize the entire range and won’t allow us up the mountain. Of course, Chief Li Mu wouldn’t back down. He nearly got into a fight with them. The Magma Falls Mountain Range is an enormous map. But no matter where we try to go up the mountain, Swift Thunder just wouldn’t let us climb up. He even cursed at us and said that [Zhan Long] was a group of cowards that were being bullied by [Thousand Burial]. F*ck that Swift Thunder, he’s overstepped himself. Anyways, I cannot stand by….”  Amazed, I agreed, “Alright then… then we’ll immediately shift towards the Magma Falls Mountain Range. Send your coordinates to me!”  “Yes sir!” 　　……I closed out of the messaging interface and turned around to face everyone else, “The day is still young. Let’s head to the border of Ba Huang City and Fan Shu City to the Magma Falls Mountain Range for a hunt. How does that sound?”  Yao Yan smiled, “Perfect. I still haven’t used up all of the potions in my bag and my sword still has 94% durability left!”  Wan Er nodded, “A grinding map would be the best!”  And so, I checked out the coordinates that Wang Jian sent over and then pointed my horse in that direction. I took all 5000+ players from [Zhan Long]’s main guild into the Magma Falls Mountains. I reached out and pulled the beautiful vice guildmaster onto the horse. Wan Er’s face blushed furiously as she sat in my lap, “What are you going to do if someone else sees?”  “Beat em up….” I replied simply.  However, I was thinking of something completely different. Ever since Tian Ling City had opened up, all of the data on the big maps were open to everyone, which caused the conflict over their resources to become even more inflamed. [House of Prestige] was the sixth biggest guild in the Chinese Server and they were practically second only to [Zhan Long]. And so, they naturally weren’t willing to bow before us. To top it off, Swift Thunder and I have repeatedly provoked each other. As the saying goes, when in Jiang Hu, there is no freedom. Battles must be fought, whether we want to or not.  Everything that has happened is just as what Fang Ge Que had once told me. 
