
Chapter 657 - Team Li Mu's Defeat
“Ah, is that so?” 
Xuan Yuan Feng had a look of complete confidence. He stood up straight with his long spear in hand. He glanced at Li Mu with contempt and then suddenly raised his arm. Energy broke through the ground and began to twist around his body, forming into the shape of a dragon and slowly seeped into him. The big screen also showed the name and effect of the skill. [Dragon Armor], Holy Ghost Level 1, Greatly increases defense and stamina. 
Following that, Xuan Yuan Feng’s [Dou Qi Armor] also successfully activated. This was just a sign that he and Li Mu were going to have a long battle of attrition. 
“Shua!” 
Nobody would have thought that Xuan Yuan Feng, as a knight, would activate the first attack. He locked [Assault] right onto Li Mu. He swept out his spear and smiled, “Let me see just how strong the number of player of [Zhan Long]’s Valiant Bravery Camp is!” 
Li Mu saw the attack coming. He slid forward, and dodged the [Assault]. He spun around and dealt a [Flying Sword]+[Sword Break]. “Keng Keng!” streaks of sparks flashed across Xuan Yuan’s heavy armor. Even though Li Mu’s attack power was high, it still didn’t deal much damage against this b*st*rd with [Dragon Armor]——
　　“4123！”
　　“5228！”
　　……
Xuan Yuan smiled and dealt a fierce counterattack with a sweep of his iron spear. He activated [Skyshaker Stab]+[Flame Axe]. Li Mu countered with a [Dou Qi Armor], dodging 50% of the damage. Besides, since Xuan Yuan Feng had focused so much on defense, his attack could not be too high. The result didn’t appear to be too painful either——
　　“3912！”
　　“4421！”
Xuan Yuan Feng didn’t seem to panic at all. After all, his health was higher than Li Mu’s. Furthermore, the recovery capabilities of a knight was already in itself superior to other classes. And so, he continuously pierced his spear forward, steadily cutting down Li Mu’s health with normal attacks.
Li Mu didn’t try to retreat from the attacks at all. Besides, his damage was higher. Furthermore, he was watching Xuan Yuan’s health. He was waiting. Waiting for the perfect opportunity to kill his opponent in one attack. 
“You, it’s over!” 
When Li Mu only had 25% health left, Xuan Yuan let out a roar and rammed his spear forward. “Peng!” he pushed Li Mu back. At the same time, his spear pierced into the stage and he roared, “[Earth Dragon Charge]!” 
The earth around us trembled as snakes of earth dragons broke through the cliffs. This was a twenty yard area attack. When the light of the earth dragons swallowed up Li Mu’s body, Xuan Yuan charged over with his spear in hand. He had calculated it all out. The second Li Mu got a chance to gulp down a potion, he would take the chance to kill him off. 
“Hong hong…”
Dragon roars rang through the air and the light of the earth dragons spread out throughout the map. Nobody could see Li Mu’s figure. Right at that moment, we suddenly heard a “Peng!”. It sounded like a rock breaking. Following that, Li Mu’s sword suddenly flew out. He had used [Assault], charging right into Xuan Yuan Feng who didn’t have any defenses up. Xuan Yuan Feng was stunned for a whole second. Furthermore, all of the earth dragons charging at Li Mu hadn’t died yet. Dragon power radiated off of his armor. It was the effect from the Dragon Tortoise Armor. The durability had greatly decreased. At a time like this it finally made its mark.
Within moments, Li Mu had already dealt [Covering Sword Slash]+[Level 11 Combo]+[Absolute Authority] onto Xuan Yuan Feng. Sparks flew off his armor. In the end, even if Xuan Yuan Feng were to have the highest defense in the Chinese Server, he had still lost 40% of his health to Li Mu. He howled and fell to his knees, losing a point. 
　　……
“Huff….” 
Li Mu took a deep breath as he stood at the center of the second stage. The second battle ended the exact same way. There was a limit to Xuan Yuan Feng’s attack power and he didn’t have the support of any high level combos. In the end, he couldn’t kill Li Mu, instead, his health had been dragged to critical by Li Mu using a Level 11 Potion+[Flying Sword] and he was finally killed by a combo! 
　　2:0！
In the end, Team Li Mu countered their loss with a point. 
However, the fourth round was a 2v2 duel. They were against Enchanted Painting+Fang Ge Que. Despite that, Li Mu and Wang Jian didn’t appear to be too depressed about their fate. They knew that their opponent’s team was stronger in both technique and power. 
“Well, let’s do our best!” 
Li Mu softly punched Wang Jian’s shoulder and smiled, “I heard that you got the girl you were playing ball with last night? He he, she’s got a nice figure, and a pretty face. Li Mu Jr. seemed to like her a lot too….”
Wang Jian helplessly glared at him, “Aren’t you paying attention to the wrong thing? Me and her… We didn’t do anything. She didn’t even give me her QQ or her phone number. I don’t even know how to contact her….” 
“F*ck!” Li Mu widened his eyes, “So you’re saying… the pretty girl  you almost had ran away? D*mn, what do you expect me to say. I bet you fell for her this time too. You just don’t have the guts to fight for her!” 
Wang Jian rubbed his nose and embarrassingly smiled, “That… before she left, she said that if I wanted to contact her, I had to ask Brother Xiao Yao. Apparently Brother Xiao Yao knows how to contact her. I felt a little awkward so I haven’t asked brother Xiao Yao yet….” 
Li Mu smiled, “Then why don’t you ask now. After all, the stage is being filmed live so everyone’s heard our conversation….” 
“F*ck….” 
Right at that moment, Fang Ge Que raised his staff as he stood in the arena. He chuckled, “Friends of [Zhan Long], there’s only 10 seconds until we begin. Let’s not chat anymore. You can chat after the battle….” 
“Alright!” Wang Jian and Li Mu raised their blades for battle. It was clear that against this SSS tier opponent, they had no fear. 
　　……
It wasn’t until after the battle did I realize that wasn’t what happened. It was the complete opposite. Li Mu and Wang Jan were planning on killing Fang Ge Que in one attack first. They couldn’t let a cannon deal damage to them from behind. Otherwise, there’d be no way for them to defend. The only problem was, Enchanted Painting, that brat, had too high of an attack power. Within moments, she broke Wang Jian’s [Halberd Whirlwind]. Afterwards, she took advantage of their sluggish movement and partnered with Fang Ge Que to deal an S tier [Charm Dance]  + [Fire and Ice Storm] to instantly kill Wang Jian. Afterwards, she turned  around and charged at Li Mu. She dealt a [Break Armor Slash]+[Thunder Slash], dealing critical damage. In that one attack, she cut off 50% of Li Mu’s health. Fang Ge Que activated [Blazewind Lock]+[Ice Rock Blast], killing Li Mu. 
In the second round, Li Mu and Wang Jian changed tactics. This time, Wang Jian went to lure the enemy, activating a [Halberd Whirlwind] to trick Enchanted Painting .The two of them nearly activated their combos at the exact same time. [Slaying Xiang Yan] + [Absolute Authority]! 
“Wu!” 
Enchanted Painting had a cautious expression and she raised her sword across her chest in a defensive position. She took the two [Zhan Long] general’s combined attack. Wang Jian roared and activated the special skill from his Chi You General Chestplate—— [Combat of Chi You]. His blade radiated with a picture of the Chi You’s God. The skill increased his attack power and defense! 
　　“21287！”
Enchanted Painting wailed and knelt to the ground. However, in this process, Li Mu and Wang Jian’s health had both been dropped to around 40%. The two charged at Fang Ge Que from the left and right side. However, he had a chillingly calm expression. He raised his staff and dealt a [Spiral Ice Dance] at Wang Jian. Wang Jian quickly dodged. However, in that one moment, he was put to sleep by Fang Ge Que. At that point. Fang Ge Que only had to deal with Li Mu. Fang Ge Que’s wrist twitched and he activated [ Lightning Eagle Wave]+[Ice Rock Blast], killing Li Mu. Then, while Wang Jian was in his sleeping state, Fang Ge Que raised his arm and let out an [Indigo Sea Arrow]. “Whoosh!” a large damage popped up——
　　“14831！”
Spells this powerful was like a real life nightmare. Wang Jian howled and fell to his knees. Even after Enchanted Painting had been killed, Fang Ge Que could still execute a perfect mage maneuver to kill two great generals, even with his weak constitution. 
1:3, in reality, Valiant Bravery had already lost. They were stopped even before entering the top 16 in the Hero’s Wings Cup. In reality though, there wasn’t much to regret. Their opponent’s were just too strong. 
The last was a 5v5. It was only giving points to the [Legend] team. They were beaten again with a 0:2 score. Enchanted Painting, Xuan Yuan Feng, and Lu Chun Yang, the three heavy armor players charged at the front while Fang Ge Que dealt damage from the back. There wasn’t anyone to control Fang Ge Que, so it wasn’t strange that they had lost. 
　　……
Seeing the large 1:4 score on the big screen, I grunted “Both their battle tactics and their team build was too good. D*mn, so unfortunate! There wasn’t anyone to counter Fang Ge Que….” 
Qing Qian said, “Brother Xiao Yao, if we end up fighting Fang Ge Que, how do you think we should fight the 2v2 and 5v5?”
I shook my head and said, “I’m not sure exactly how we’ll fight. However, I do know that we can’t allow Fang Ge Que pressure our attacks with his damage. If we allow that, any team would be put in a nightmare situation. Let’s keep watching. We’ll start off by analyzing other opponents. Even if we do end up going against Fang Ge Que, it won’t be until the finals.” 
“Ok!” 
　　……
The second round of competitions for the B group began. It was [Flying Dragon Team] vs [House of Prestige Team]. If I wasn’t wrong, last night at the KTV, [Flying Dragon]’s Fierce Tiger had taken the girl of [House of Prestige]’s Swift Thunder… Yup, I could already smell the tension in the air. 
As both opponents stood on the stage, Fei Er was holding the microphone, standing between them. She asked the two sides if there was anything they wanted to say to the audience. 
Swift Thunder smiled, “Can I say something to my opponent?” 
Fei Er nodded with a smile, “Of course!” 
Swift Thunder took the microphone and glared at Fierce Tiger, threatening, “Players of [Flying Dragon], if you have the balls then let Fierce Tiger be the first to battle. I will be the first in [House of Prestige] to battle. I want to resolve a problem between us, in game.” 
Fierce Tiger wasn’t some coward and so he raised his eyebrows and shouted, “Ha, if you want a fight, I’ll give you a fight! Don’t think that just because you’re the vice guildmaster of [House of Prestige], I would be afraid of you. Or are you just unaware of how unskilled you are? Hmh, did you think that with all those girls in [House of Prestige] guarding you, it would increase your combat power? Stop joking around. I will beat you up so much that even your mother won’t recognize you.” 
Swift Thunder coldly smiled, “That would be best….” 
As for the grudges between the two team members, the two team leaders, Bai Li Ruo Feng and Soaring Dragon were helpless. They could only let them do as they wish. The MC Fei Er maintained a cool expression and sweetly smiled, “Looks like there’s some story behind this. However, ladies and gentlemen, let’s not gossip and see just who will go on to the final rounds of the Hero’s Cup!” 
Soaring Dragon and Bai Li Ruo Feng began setting up the teams. As expected, when it came out, Fierce Tiger and Swift Thunder were the first to battle! 
