
[]  []  []
Chapter 39 – Dispute over the Fire Skeleton
This Chapter was sponsored by Guilherme Brolese Garcia, Lasse Weib (no idea how to do that greek letter), Jens Hofmann, Steven Noyes!
I sat next to the dorm windows after lunch, sipping a glass of water to replenish my energy. Time to go online!
Sha!
I reappeared in the [Tower of Repent]. I opened up my bag just to make sure that all my equipment was still here, I relaxed after I seeing my [Jade City Sword] and pet [Fire Skeleton]. Mm, last night’s painful work wasn’t wasted. Looking at today when Liu Ying and Xu Yue came to our class to make a huge fuss about it, they must be extremely, extremely angry. Last night I spent 5 hours in soul form observing and waiting for them, Liu Ying must not have thought that someone would have this much patience.
Of course, that was nothing to me. In order to find the perfect moment, I could even wait for 24 hours!
……
Looking at the time I still had 74 minutes until the [Tower of Repent] got rid of all my sin points, so I continued trying to make a new combo custom skill!
Rustle rustle…
I stepped on the stone floor, and suddenly stabbed the air. The sword went straight, and it left a ripple through the air. I flicked my wrist, and slashed horizontally. I then hacked and rammed, then slashed horizontally again. A 5 strike combo, a bit similar to Yan Zhao’s [Peerless Strike], but I couldn’t seem to activate the custom skill creator from the system.
I could easily use this type of attacking in reality. Of course, that was only when I was stronger than my opponent so that my rams were effective, or else it wouldn’t work. But, if I got this combo working, then my attack damage output would increase exponentially.
……
An hour passed in a flash, and my red name had disappeared. I took my Ancient Spear and walked out of the [Tower of Repent]. I was out of city return scrolls, so it couldn’t be helped. I would turn in my quest first, and grab some experience points from it. I would return to the city after. Luckily, the distance between here and Ba Huang City wasn’t that far, only about 20 minutes!
20 minutes later, Ba Huang City.
I heard plenty of yelling coming from the stalls, and I looked at my own level. Level 26. No need to rush leveling, I would sell my items first, and I would plan what to do next after earning some gold coins!
I found an empty space in the northern part of Ba Huang City to set up my stall. I waved my hand, and a blood-red hexagram appeared on the ground. After some howling sounds, a blazing little skeleton crawled up from the ground, his eyes were bloodshot, and whimpered towards me, showing his allegiance to me. Hehe, the 100% excellence fire skeleton, a attack-vitality-type pet, very useful!
I showed the statistics of the fire skeleton to the public while putting the other green-ranked and black-iron tiered equipments onto the stall, and then yelled on the top of my lungs, “A groundbreaking pet! Level 1 fire skeleton, 4 stars in attack, 4.5 stars in HP, 100% excellence! Even if you’re not buying come take a look, and spread the word! The highest bidder wins, the auction will only last for 30 minutes! There are also green-ranked and black-iron ranked equipments, if you want them hurry up and look!”
After that yell, I instantly attracted a large group of players, their main focus was the 100% excellence fire skeleton. At this stage, people with pet seals were rare, and the people that could find and actually seal the level 1 pets were even more rare. This 100% excellence was way too eye-catching!
This pet’s attraction rate was so high that people came flashing back into the city. Plenty of people used their city return scroll to come back from outside, just to see this fire skeleton!
Tick!
Yue Qing Qian sent a message to me, “Xiao Yao, Ba Huang City’s 100% excellence fire skeleton, is it you who is selling it?”
“Yep, do you want it?” I replied.
“I have a Green-Rock Skeleton already, but my uncle really wants it. 100% excellence, it’s too tempting!”
“Then bring him here!”
“Okay!”
……
In the crowd, a young swordsman stood there silently. He was level 28 and was holding a longsword that was glowing lightly. The armor he wore was at least black-iron ranked, suitable for his class. A line of words hovered over his head, “General Wang Jian”, one of the most important figures in the General family. In the entire family, he was probably second to only General Li Mu.
In the noisy bidding, Wang Jian walked up, glares at me, and said, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai, where did you get this fire skeleton?”
I smiled, “Black-Blooded Cave, what about it?”
“Nothing much, I want it.”
“Throw me a price.”
“100 gold coins.”
After giving his price, the people who were bidding a few silvers, a few gold coins didn’t say anything anymore.
A few seconds after Wang Jian gave his price, another sound rang, “Hehe, you have the nerve to only give 100 gold coins? I’ll give 150 gold coins!”
Coming from a crowd of people walked another swordsman. I looked at his face, and d*mn! It was Tyrant of Western Chu! This guy wanted to buy my fire skeleton!
But, business was business, it didn’t matter who bought it.
I raised the corner of my mouth, “150 gold coins?”
Tyrant of Western Chu nodded, and beside him was Yan Suo, who was leaning against him while holding a dagger, “What’s wrong? Are you worried that we can’t pay up?”
I shook my head, “Nah, but I’m waiting to see if there’s anyone else who will bid more.”
“Hmph!”
……
Finally, after a few minutes, Yan Zhao brought a dozen of players from [Prague], including Yue Qing Qian and Yue Wei Liang. The moment they arrived, the air in the plaza seemed to have solidified and, and everyone looked towards the group from [Prague]. Everyone seemed to be in agreement that Ba Huang City’s future would be in the hands of [Prague], so everyone was respectful towards them, including Tyrant of Western Chu
“Yan Zhao!!”
General Wang Jian clenched his first, and prepared to unsheathe his blade.
Yan Zhao’s eyes swept over Wang Jian, and smiled, “Oh? The General family is here too eh? Good good, this 100% excellence Fire Skeleton, it seems like everyone wants it!”
After saying that, Yan Zhao raised his fist, and said in a powerful voice, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai! This Fire Skeleton, I offer 300 gold coins!”
I was obviously very happy since the price was rising!
General Wang Jian sent an icy glare, “Yan Zhao, although this fire skeleton is not bad, it’s an attack-vitality-type pet. Anyone with a bit of brain knows that this is worth at most 200 gold coins, but you offer 300. What is the meaning of this?”
Yan Zhao smiled, “Although it is a attack-vitality type pet, it can greatly help the owner when its level is high enough. The benefits of having a higher level than others, everyone knows it, or else why would I try to be #1 on the leaderboard?”
Wang Jian clamped his fingers together while grinding his teeth and said ,”Fine, since Yan Zhao you want this Fire Skeleton so badly, I’ll give it to you. The General family will give it up.”
“Thanks!”
But, on the side, Yan Suo lightly smacked her lips and said, “Since the General family don’t want it, then [Wrath of the Heroes] will take it. 400 gold coins.”
Xu Yue’s words caused Yan Zhao’s face to become ugly, “500 gold coins. Continuously raising the price will do no one good. Tyrant of Western Chu, you should understand this.”
Pa!
Liu Ying held onto his sword, and said coldly, “In the world of business, everything is fought fairly. What’s this, does Yan Zhao want to use [Prague] to pressure [Wrath of the Heroes]? There seems to be some reliance on your power to bully the weak huh?”
Yan Zhao waved his hand and smiled, “You think too much. I don’t mean it that way, but…I’ve heard, you people from [Wrath of the Heroes] and Xiao Yao have a very deep history of hatred The game hasn’t even been out for a week and there’s already been over 3 PK fights. Your arch nemesis’s pet, do you really want it?”
Liu Ying glared at me, and said lightly, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai? Ha. This person is no more than a piece of trash on the road, and even I’m too lazy to kick it away. But for this Fire Skeleton, its a smart deal. It’s nothing much.”
……
“Sigh…”
Behind Yan Zhao, Qing qian put her hand on the dagger on her waist, and said quietly, “Does Tyrant of Western Chu have no shame in insulting Xiao Yao?”
Yan Zhao didn’t move, and put his hand on Qing Qian’s dagger, “Don’t be angered. We are here to do business, not to start a war.”
Liu Ying laughed, “Yan Zhao, you are indeed a clever person that knows circumstances, so, this Fire Skeleton?”
Yan Zhao smiled lightly “Since you want this fire skeleton so badly, I’ll just let you have it. I can find other attack-type pets!”
“Okay! The Fire Skeleton belongs to us!” Xu Yue twisted her hip, and continued being embraced by Liu Ying.
I took the Fire Skeleton, and opened up the trade window, “Okay. Tyrant of Western Chu, 500 gold coins, and this will belong to you!”
Liu Ying accepted the trade, and quickly, 500 gold coins came rolling in, trade complete!
……
“Oi!”
After receiving the Fire Skeleton, Liu Ying revealed a face of contempt, “Li Xiao Yao, just you wait. Today you sold this fire skeleton to me, and perhaps tomorrow I will use this fire skeleton to end your puny life! Just you watch!”
I furrowed my brows, and said, “Ok dog, I still have business to do, leave.”
“You!”
Liu Ying’s hand went towards his sword, and yelled, “You think you’re all mighty? Do you dare to have a duel with me at the northern gate? Life or death, it matters not. Will you come?!”
I looked at the [Jade City Sword] in my bag, and then I thought about how much I needed to train my level, and smiled, “Nah, it’s fine. I don’t have any time to waste on you player killers, leave…”
While saying that, I waved my hand, and sha a golden hexagram appeared, then Baby Bobo was released. I glarde at Liu Ying, and say coldly, “Attack damage of 492, level 3 combo strike, can you take it? Leave, don’t shame yourself.”
Liu Ying involuntary shuddered, and it seemed that he felt the presence of the Bee Overlord.
……
On the side, Qing Qian prepared her dagger and said, “Tyrant of Western Chu, if you want to do some player killing, perhaps I’ll keep you entertained?”
Liu Ying looked at Qing Qian, and with dirty eyes, he smiled, “Nah, although the body is pretty good, you’re at most a C cup, I have no interest in you!”
Qing Qian stomped her feet in anger.
Yan Zhao was speechless, and said in a low voice, “Qing Qian, that’s enough. we’ll go and train our levels now, don’t attract unneeded business!”
“Okay…”
The cute little girl looked at me, and then went with the uncle.
……
I sat near the city walls, and continued selling items. I sold everything 30% below the market value, so I could quickly clear out my inventory in order to store more equipment in the future. I stored the [Jade City Sword], and picked up my Ancient Spear. Today, we would rush to level 30!
TL: Last Chapter today :(, phew went from 34 to 39
[]  []  []

