
Chapter 646 Intimate Experience
Around eight o’clock at night, all of the lights in villa were lit. Tang Qi had logged off and Qin Wen had just pulled up into the parking lot in her Z4. Just in time to eat dinner. 
Wan Er walked out to welcome Qin Wen. While Dong Cheng began to talk with Tang Qi about the relationship between [Zhan Long] and [Hero’s Mound]. 
I picked up a magazine on the table. It was the “Destiny Magazine” which was basically a report on all important events in the game. Wan Er, Qing Qian and my image were plastered across the front page. The top story for this month was an expose on [Zhan Long], and so the three of us were on the cover. 
As I flipped through the report, I read about the development of [Zhan Long] as well as its history with [Legend], [Hero’s Mound], Q-Sword, [House of Prestige] and [Flying Dragon]. All in all, it reported on the rise of our guild into Super Guild status. At least this magazine was pretty useful for [Zhan Long]. As for my rivals, Jian Feng Han, Soaring Dragon, and Bai Li Ruo Feng, they’ll probably get so jealous they’d try to rip the magazine up. 
　　……
Qin Wen walked into the room and smiled, “Li Xiao Yao is here too….” 
I was a little speechless, “Where else would I be…” 
Qin Wen smiled, “Alright then. I heard that you guys will start fighting in the Chinese Server Tournament for the Hero’s Wing’s Cup tomorrow?” 
“Yup, it appears to be that way. Sister Qin Wen’s information really is up to date.” 
“There’s no other way, this game is just too popular. Most of the youngsters in the office play the game. As a manager, I can’t disregard the game…..” 
Tang Qi smiled, “Seeing as we’ll start fighting in the Hero’s Wing’s Tournament tomorrow, how about we open up some drinks and toast to our victory?” 
I smiled, “And what if we lose?” 
Dong Cheng glared at me, “Brother Xiao Yao, can you not jinx us… Besides, Tang Qi, have you already picked out the team you’re going with?” 
Tang Qi smiled, “Yup. It’s going to be Me, Q-Sword, Sword Tears, Jian Tan, and a healer.” 
Wan Er added, “Three swordsmen and one control type. You’re going to have a lot of explosive power in that team. In a 5v5, your team shouldn’t lose.” 
Tang Qi replied, “Actually, that’s what I was thinking to. However, if we go against you, Li Xiao Yao, Dong Cheng, and Qing Qian’s team, then it’d be two explosive powers against each other. I’m afraid that won’t be as simple…. Besides, [Legend]’s team is also pretty terrifying. Fang Ge Que, Lu Chun Yang, Xuan Yuan Feng, Chang Sheng Jue, four legendary players all in one team. Plus, that Enchanted Painting. He he, it’s worth worrying over….. Besides, I heard that you guys dueled with Enchanted Painting. Just how strong is she?” 
I shook my head, “I didn’t duel with her, but Wan Er did….” 
Wan Er smiled, “As for Enchanted Painting…. She’s around Jian Feng Han’s level. At least, she isn’t much weaker than him. She is a little weaker than Q-Sword. At least her strength is about the same. There’s a thin line between victory and defeat with her.” 
“D*mn, she’s that strong?” Tang Qi was stunned. 
Wan Er nodded, “What did you think? Even [Zhan Long]’s Li Mu lost to her. Even [Prague]’s Traveler was completely demolished by her.” 
I put down the magazine and smiled, “Yup… she uses the Pulse Break Style. Furthermore, she has [ Break Armor Slash], [Lightning Cut] and [Gorgeous Charm Dance], those extremely explosive skills. Without 40,000 health, fighting her isn’t an easy task. As long as she successfully breaks one skill, then you’re very likely to be taken by her combo….” 
Tang Qi made a fist, “I’ll remember that. Later on, I’ll talk about it with Q-Sword. Otherwise, I’m afraid when we meet [Legend], we’ll be beaten. That way, we won’t even get the airplane tickets to the final competition. That won’t be good….” 
At that moment, the chefs began bringing out the dishes. Wan Er stood up to bring out two bottles of wine and smiled, “Seeing as we’re having a toast, then let’s drink some. Think of it as a reward for our adventure these past two days in the Pangu’s Abyss. All in all, after going through the Pangu’s Abyss, I’d say that the hundred players from [Zhan Long] have all gotten at least 10% stronger.” 
Dong Cheng and I nodded, “Yup!” 
Qin Wen calmly poured out the wine and said, “Looks like you all are in high spirits. You’ve even made me a little happier. Here here, let me pour you a cup!” 
Everyone was extremely happy and began to chat about the game as they drank and ate. We hung out all the way until ten in the evening. We finally ended the dinner and returned to our rooms. 
　　……
As I lay on the bed, I looked out the window at the dancing shadows. But despite that, I couldn’t fall asleep. My phone suddenly rang out. I had received a message from Wan Er, “I can’t sleep, come over and keep me company!” 
I was a little stunned and embarrassed, “Qin Wen is still drinking tea outside. If I head over, won’t it be a little bad? She’ll tell your dad….” 
Wan Er replied, “Nope, you have to come over….” 
“Alright then!” 
I got out of bed and put on some clothes. Afterwards, I quietly tiptoed out the door. In the distance, I could see Qin Wen typing out some words. It looked as though she was doing some work. She looked up at me and asked, “What’s up?” 
I awkwardly coughed, “Wan Er’s calling me….” 
“Oh? Nevermind, it’s too dark over here. I’ll go to Wan Er’s room for some light!” 
“That, alright then….” 
　　……
“Dong dong…..” 
I knocked on the door. Wan Er opened it up, only to see Qin Wen right behind me. She couldn’t help but exclaim, “Sister Qin Wen, what are you doing?” 
Qin Wen raised her laptop and smiled, “Nothing, I’m just here to get some light, and see what you guys are up to… hehe, no that’s not right, let me be blunt, I need to finish up some work. You guys do what you want. Pretend I’m not here…..” 
Wan Er’s face was red. It was probably because she had been drinking. She grabbed my hand and said, “Pig, watch some TV with me?” 
“Ok….” 
　　……
Wan Er’s room was very spacious. Qin Wen sat on the side and continued working. Wan Er and I were facing away from her, at the TV. Qin Wen was around three meters behind me. “Pa da Pa da” I could hear her typing away. “Tang’s Mansions”. I sat down. I didn’t pay much attention to the events in the drama, however Wan Er’s tipsy expression made my heart skip a beat. 
Wan Er looked at the TV and lightly leaned against my shoulder. After drinking so much, she was probably a little less restrained. She suddenly sat up and turned to look at me. She sweetly smiled and whispered, “Pig, are you nervous?” 
“I’m not nervous….” 
“Your hand is shaking so hard the juice is about to spill out….” 
“I….” 
Wan Er didn’t say another word. She wasn’t able to watch any more of the drama either. She just stared into space. Her expression seemed extremely loving. If there’s a girl that loves you, there’s no way to mistake the look in her eyes as she looks at you. I wasn’t some piece of wood. Of course I knew. She leaned into my lap and suddenly squinted her eyes at me. My heart was starting to beat faster. As before, I couldn’t help but give her soft lips a light kiss.  
As I held her burning body in my lap, I saw her close her eyes and hug me tighter. She started to kiss back. Softly and clumsily, her small tongue began to respond to me. At the same tme, I could feel something rise in my chest. I naturally lifted my hand to Wan Er’s waist. Up to then, I had never gotten this close to another girl, especially one as pretty as Wan Er. I felt as though my heart was going to leap out of my throat. 
After kissing for a bit, Wan Er opened her eyes and looked at me. She suddenly smiled, “Stupid pig head….” 
I replied, “Why am I stupid…” 
“Why are you holding yourself back? Dummy…..” 
Wan Er’s face was red. She lightly tugged on my hand and rested it lightly on her full white mounds. I nearly cried from how soft they were….. Is this what that feels like? So ….  Moving. 
Wan Er was completely sitting on my lap. This time, I kissed her first. I rested my hand on her chest, but I didn’t dare move it at all. The air in the room became more heated. After kissing for five minutes, Wan Er finally let out a sigh. She grabbed my hand and whispered into my ear, “Idiot, how do you feel?” 
I gave her another kiss on the lips and said, “Very delicious….” 
Wan Er smiled. Her beautiful face was brimming with happiness. She hugged my neck and whispered, “Be more quiet, unless you want to be heard by sister Qin Wen….” 
“Ok.” 
Right at that moment, the sound of Qin Wen’s typing stopped. I could hear her heels step across the ground. She walked over and said, “Do you have juice in your room?” 
Wan Er quickly stood up from my lap and sat beside me. She looked up at Qin Wen and said, “It’s in the fridge. Didn’t you see it?” 
“Oh, I see it now…” 
Qin Wen couldn’t help but smile. Afterwards, she looked at her cousin and said, “Wan Er, your collar’s lose……” 
“Huh?!” 
Wan Er looked down and her face grew red, “I…. when did it loosen…..”
Qing Wen replied, “Are you asking me, or Li Xiao Yao?” 
Wan Er said, “I’m just talking to myself. Aren’t you getting a drink?” 
“Ah, oh… I suddenly don’t feel like drinking…..” 
“Sister Qin Wen!” 
“Ha ha…..” Qin Wen smiled and left, taking her seat again, “Our Wan Er is growing up, haha….” 
Wan Er sat beside me and raised an eyebrow at me. She whispered, “Pig, was it not enough to feel the outside, you wanted to put your hand inside too?” 
I glanced at my left hand and happily said, “That’s a natural reaction… ah, I can’t wash this hand for at least a week. I need to save your scent….” 
“Not wash your hand?” Wan Er glared at me, “Won’t that be too dirty? Pig, you have to wash!” 
“But, I can’t bear it….” I looked at her lustily. 
The little miss’ face turned completely red, “Pervert! Either way, you have to wash your hands. At most, at most I’ll just let you….” 
“Let me what?” 
“Pa!” A pillow slammed into my face. Wan Er finally returned to normal, “Idiot, if you ask me again then I’ll beat you to death!” 
Qin Wen stopped typing again and she grinned, “Such a loving couple!” 
Wan Er and I were stunned. Only then did we realize just how impressive Qin Wen’s hearing was! 
　　……
