
[]  []  []
Chapter 42 – A Misunderstanding
This chapter was sponsored by Giacomo Alger-Francois, William Wang, Steven Schieb
Buzz!
The bloody dagger emitted a red glow, and Qing Qian ground her teeth, “How can I let this go when you’ve already killed us? I’ll get revenge first and talk later. I don’t care if you’re a high ranked player from Fan Chu City!”
With small steps, Qing Qian shifted left and right on the fallen leaves to gain momentum, and with an exploding PA, she rushed straight towards Lin Wan Er. Suddenly another dagger appeared in her left hand and she attacked with both daggers!
“Huh?”
Lin Wan Er used her left hand to steady the iron umbrella across her chest!
Bam!
Bright sparks flew in every direction. Wan Er’s power was not inferior to Qing Qian’s; it was even a bit stronger, and when she pushed her arm out, the impact immediately sent Qing Qian flying back. Then, Lin Wan Er used the force of the impact to propel herself backwards, resulting in both women jumping back to around 3 yards. On top of Li Wan Er’s head, a *Miss* could be seen, meaning that Wei Liang’s sneak attack had failed to hit her target. All of this seemed to be within Lin Wan Er’s calculations.
Wei Liang’s body became unbalanced from her failed strike, and Wan Er took advantage of it by pushing her with her umbrella, *Bang*, Wei Liang fell backwards and rolled down the grass, her beautiful face becoming blemished by the grass. She leapt back up and looked at Qing Qian, muttering, “Sister…”
Qing Qian stared at Lin Wan Er while gnashing her teeth.
Wan Er just smiled as she stood there, glowing in the moonlight with no visible tension. Her young figure was draped in leather, and a dark red cloak slightly fluttered in the wind behind her. She leaned her left hand on the iron umbrella, and held a dagger in a right hand. With no rush and a slight grin, she said, “If you two beautiful ladies are Li Xiao Yao’s friends, then can we stop? It was all a mistake…”
Qing Qian said with a cold face, “You insist we should stop? Don’t forget, you killed at least 5 people from Prague, and, in addition to that, I lost 2 levels while Wei Liang lost 3. How do we settle that?”
Wei Liang, with her dagger in hand, snapped as well, “If this is not avenged, other players will think that players of Ba Huang City are easily bullied!”
Lin Wan Er’s dagger’s movement caused a slight red glow, and she crossed her eyes and smiled, “I’m sorry okay? That…”
At this moment, a voice erupted in the air: “That’s enough Wan Er! Since they are so overbearing, just fight them, and then apologize to Li Xiao Yao afterwards. Hmph. Otherwise, they’ll think people from Fan Chu City are like persimmon and can be easily squashed!”
……
Qing Qian looked up and saw a flying Wind Elf. Level 32 Mage, Cang Yue!
Sha!
On the ground, a berserker from [Prague] stood up and muttered into the air: “Damn… Cang Yue, a mage and ranked as the seventh highest level player in Fan Chu City. Also Cang Tong, an assassin ranked at the third highest level in Fan Chu City. Not only is she the best assassin in that city, she is also said to be the best and strongest in the server…”
“So that’s the back up?” Qing Qian lightly looked up.
……
I quickly stepped in between Wan Er and Qing Qian, and said, “It’s all a misunderstanding!”
I pointed towards Wan Er and introduced her to Qing Qian, saying, “Qing Qian, these two are Cang Tong and Cang Yue. They are my friends in real life from a university, and they came to Ba Huang City to look for me.”
Then, I looked at Wan Er and pointed to Qing Qian, saying, “Miss, this is Qing Qian. Although she’s from the [Prague] Guild, she is also my friend, and she helps me out a lot. While my corpse was being watched, she brought members from [Prague] to help reclaim my corpse. But due to my negligence, I didn’t know that you two would come so soon. If I had, none of this would have happened….”
Wan Er blinked her eyes: “They…really were trying to help you fight your enemies?”
I nodded, “Yeah. ”
“Then it is really a misunderstanding……”
Wan Er walked to Qing Qian and Wei Liang, slightly lowered her body, and with an elegant smile, she said “I did not know you two were helping Li Xiao Yao. I am sorry, and I know saying these words do not amount to much, so I will compensate you out of sincerity…”
With that, Lin Wan Er’s little hand took out a helmet with a golden glow from her bag and handed it to Qing Qian before smiling and said, “This level 27 bronze cold scale battle helmet is a drop from a level 31 BOSS. Cang Yue and I are unable to wear it, so is it enough for [Prague]? Please accept it along with my sincerity…..”
Qing Qian intended to not relent, but after looking at the helmet, her eyes revealed great desire. Indeed, this level 27 bronze helmet was unique, and while Qing Qian was unable to wear armor type, Yan Zhao Warrior could definitely use this helmet to boost his defense and offense.
Acquiring the scale helmet, Qing Qian showed a slight grin and laughed, “I’m surprised that Xiao Yao has friends this strong. Two beauties who are among the top ten players from Fan Shu City, are actually friends with Xiao Yao. It’s hard to imagine, since I only thought this idiot only plays by himself! ”
“Ahem,” I coughed, “Hey, don’t take the opportunity to insult me……”
Qing Qian chuckled, “Okay. Let bygones be bygones. I’ll accept this helmet and I thank you for the gift, Cang Tong. Wei Liang and I, along with everybody else who has lost a lot of experience will accept this apology but what should we do about these corpses from [Wrath of Heroes]?”
Lin Wan Er pouted and pursed her lips: “Ah, camping corpses is so boring … …”
I said, “Don’t be like that. Just stay here for another half an hour, since I still have a quest here and must kill some bandits for the last quest item in order to complete a AA-rank quest … …”
“What?” Lin Wan Er, stunned, shouted with her small mouth, her beautiful enticing breasts moving up and down. “You…you’ve got an AA-level main quest? ”
“Yes, otherwise I would not agree to let Qing Qian bring people to help……”
“Okay … …” Dong Cheng Yue finally flew down to the group with her wings behind her while carrying a green stalk staff and said with a smile: ” Wan Er and I have nothing to do.. so we will help you complete your task….”
I was embarrassed, “But…but…this task cannot be shared…”
“That’s okay. We can kill monsters for their experience, since their levels are pretty high….”
“Ok!”
……
Zap!
A light broke through the clouds, and shone throughout the jungle.
Lin Wan Er just stood there, allowing her body to soak up the sun. Her snow white skin seemed to suffer some burn damage, since smoke started to appear little by little. This was caused by a racial disadvantage, since for Moon Elves, during the day, attack damage was dropped by 25% and the damage from direct sunlight was 1% of health lost per second.
I looked at her but did not say anything.
Lin Wan Er blinked her beautiful eyes, “What’s wrong?”
I pointed to her smooth shoulders, “Miss, you’re releasing smoke…..”
Lin Wan Er makes an “Oh” then lifted up her iron umbrella and suddenly, with a whoosh, a dark red umbrella opened up and covered her from the sun. Looking at it, I could only see up to her beautiful mouth. Well, this was also a sight to behold. During the daytime in Ba Huang City’s territory, one could see plenty of users with umbrellas training their levels. Due to the racial disadvantage of being a Moon Elf, it was restricted to only females, but the system gave additional options when making the character, such as facial and body modifications. Because of this, Moon Elves became the most fascinating race for all male players, and if there were any Moon Elves training by your side, your fighting prowess could be unlimited!
“Oh…this is … …”
Lin Wan Er went to the corpse and kicked it with her white leg, causing it to roll over and reveal its face, becoming slightly surprised: “How can this person be so familiar? ”
Dong Cheng Yue quietly said: “Isn’t he…? ”
Lin Wan Er instantly understood everything, “Hmm, I see… so that’s why Liu Ying and Xu Yue came to our classroom to cause trouble for Li Xiao Yao that day….”
I pointed to the other side: “There, that smoking temptress is Xu Yue, ahem, one of our University’s top ten beauties….”
Dong Cheng Yue chuckled, “I heard Xiao Yao was attacked sneakily in a zombie cave by the [Wrath of Heroes] guild. Additionally, in order to get his attention, this Xu Yue disguised as an innocent player getting chased, and then killed him. Afterwards, they all laughed at him for trying to be a good guy, right?”
My face turned red, “A thing of the past, don’t mention it…”
Lin Wan Er pursed her lips and blinked her eyes: “You like her?”
I looked down: “No…”
“No? Why did you blush then? ”
“Miss, your robe’s loose … …”
“…… Go to hell!!”
……
And so, Qing Qian watched over the corpses with a group of friends, and every time players from [Wrath of Heroes] resurrected, they would be killed again. After a while, none of them dared to resurrect anymore.
I went along with Wan Er and Dong Cheng to kill thieves. With them beside me, it became a pleasure to kill these monsters.
“Are they the thieves?” Cheng Yue asksed.
“Ok, I’ll run ahead and lead! ”
“No, don’t, all you have to do is heal Wan Er. ”
Dong Cheng Yue raised her staff to use her Cold Wind Spell, a direct hit on a bandit, dealing “417” damage. I secretly wondered about how much MP was required to that cause much damage.
The roaring thief rushed forward, and Lin Wan Er brought her dagger up and used the skill, [Gouge]!
319!
With small pretty steps she maneuvered around and floated behind the monster, and then used the skills [Hemorrhage] and [Backstab] simultaneously with her dagger!
447!
512!”
Dong Cheng Yue instantly used a Fire Spell on another target, causing the bandit to collapse suddenly. Damn, they sdre able to kill the bandits with zero injuries. The degree of understanding between the two girls was really outstanding!
Raising my two hands, I was speechless, “You.. …that’s how you two train to increase your level?”
“Yes, what’s wrong?” Dong Cheng Yue chuckled.
“It’s too strong.”
Lin Wan Er: “Li Xiao Yao, what do you rely on to train? Look at your level; you fought and died many times against others, yet your level is not low…”
With a raise of my hand, a golden hexagram appeared. Baby Bobo came out, with its wings flapping, and I simultaneously shared the properties of my pet with the two!
TL: Wizened Stuff IS NOT FINAL! Team still needs to come up with names for them and many other :(
[]  []  []

