
[]  []  []
Chapter 204 – Ancient Tablet Unsealed
Translated by:SoloNeko, Vk
Edited by: Connor, Based Jessica
Final Check: Zdog, GGP
TL: Sorry guys. Had back to back exams (total from 7:30 am to 4pm) without lunch so I went to sleep as soon as I got home. This might be the only chapter today… Sorry!
This chapter was sponsored by Randal Hutflus and Yannis Mokry! Thanks!
“I’ve never seen such a shameless person…” Dong Cheng Yue mumbled as she looked at Tyrant of The Western Chu’s shadow.
Lin Wan Er also nodded her head, “Yeah, he really has a thick skin. Li Xiao Yao is so much better than him…”
I immediately reached out and pulled Lin Wan Er’s arm, laughing softly, “Wan Er, you should bring me to the Su He Bar later since I’ve never been there before. I’m already 25 years old and I’m still single… I’d like to have a fateful meeting with someone in the bar if I can …”
Lin Wan Er replied sourly, “Alright, count it as your win, you bastard. After dinner, big sister will bring you there…”
Dong Cheng Yue, “You’re joking right?”
Lin Wan Er and I replied in unison, “Of course!”
Dong Cheng Yue raised her fingers to her chin and looked at us while her beautiful eyes were full of disappointment, “I hate you both. I thought today I’ll really be able to have fun in a bar. Hmph, you just dashed my hopes away…”
I looked at the scenery outside the school window as I laughed, “Dong Cheng, Liu Hua University forbids students to drink or go to night attractions such as bars and nightclubs during school days. Do you really want your parents to be called?”
“Yes, of course. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen my dad and I miss him a little…. Brother Xiao Yao, how about we go to the Su He Bar together?”
“You have no morals! I certainly don’t want to meet Liu Ying and Xu Yue those two people again…”
……
Early morning the next day.
I woke up in the morning around 8 AM. Glasses Tan Gu was playing with his phone on the bed to opposite of the room. He stretched his body out and said, “Li Brat, did you know? The first person to attain a 3rd job advancement has appeared!”
“Who?” I asked as I squinted my eyes.
“It’s Jiu Li City’s Fang Ge Que. Che, he raised his levels with unbelievable speed. Yesterday night he succeeded with his 3rd job advancement, becoming the first player to attain a 3rd job in the whole server. He received an Emperor Tier Fan as a reward. They say that the fan is a magic type equipment and can increase the player’s magic attack by 12%. There is also a special attack option, what an awesome weapon! With this Fang Ge Que is really undefeatable…”
I stared blankly as I mumbled, “Fang Ge Que…”
“Yeah!”
Tang Gu nodded and said, “In other games previously, they say that there was a legend in the north and a hero in the south. They were talking about two of the most powerful guilds in the Chinese server, one is [Legend] in the north with Fang Ge Que as the Guild Master, while the other one is [Hero’s Mound] in the south, with Q-Sword as the Guild Master. This is something you must know. Oh right, are you really Xiao Yao Zi Zai? Did you establish the [Zhan Long] guild?”
I sit up right, “Is there another me?”
“Damn…” Tang Gu balked, “Even experts like Yue Qing Qian, Yue Wei Liang, General Li Mu, General Wang Jian and Thousand Suns are willing to be your subordinates?”
“No…” I shook my head and laughed, “They are my friends and they are helping me to turn [Zhan Long] into a powerful guild. You can’t say that they are my subordinates because I don’t monopolize the authority and order them around.”
“Isn’t it the same…?” Tang Gu chuckled.
I countered with my own question, “Glasses, how are you developing in Fan Shu City? Have you joined any guilds?”
“For now, I have joined a small guild. The Guild Master is kind of a sissy and he doesn’t have any ambitions so I am planning to join [Hero’s Mound]. How about giving me Wan Er’s number so that I could ask for her help to allow me to join [Hero’s Mound] easily? Dammit, my equipment and levels are not high enough to fulfill [Hero’s Mound] recruitment criteria. All of their recruitment criterias are too high…”
I glared at him and replied, “You just want Wan Er’s number right? Did you think I’m so easily fooled ? You idiot…”
Tang Gu rubbed his head as he laughed out loud, “You can even see through this. Actually I really want to join [Hero’s Mound] but their criterias are too high. Without an insider’s help, I’ll definitely never be able to join.”
“How high is [Hero’s Mound]’s criteria exactly?”
“[Hero’s Mound] just reached guild level 4, their capacity is 3000 people but it’s already almost completely full. There’s only 100 empty spots left, hence the criteria is high. You must be Lv 55 and above with at least 1 Purple Tier and 3 Gold Tier equipment. If you are a melee player, your physical attack must be at least 1900 and for magic attackers, their magic attack must be 1850 and above. The competition is too fierce…”
“Haha…” I couldn’t help but laugh bitterly, “Q-Sword is indeed amazing. Wouldn’t it be hard to have people joining with such a high criteria?”
“There’s no other way, [Hero’s Mound] is a highly reputable guild and it can be regarded as China’s number 2 guild in games. Other than [Legend], there are no other guilds that are comparable to [Hero’s Mound]. Even famous guilds such as [Vanguard], [House of Prestige], [Judgement] are second to [Hero’s Mound].”
“……”
After chatting with Tang Gu about some of the game matters for a while, I immediately got up and bought something to eat. Then I logged online, thinking only about my guild affairs. After all, I’m the Guild Master, so I would need to be online long enough. Otherwise if new members join in and saw their Guild Master name in a gray color constantly, it would greatly affect their morale.
“Shua!”
Appearing at Ba Huang City, I opened the Guild Management System and looked at the list of players online. Yue Qing Qian, Yue Wei Liang, Li Mu, Matcha, Wolf and the others were all there, even Thousand Suns who joined yesterday was also online. Moreover the guild level progress had reached 14% already, just 86% remaining before turning into a Lv 3 guild. When that moment comes, we can recruit 1000 more people. Only by having an army of 1000 people will we be able to take our first step to challenge [Flying Dragon] and [Vanguard]!
In the guild chat, I chirped happily, “Thank you everyone for all your hard work; the guild level is progressing well!”
Yue Qing Qian replied quickly, “Brother Xiao Yao come here and join us~”
Matcha also replied, “Qing Qian almost died missing you…”
I didn’t say anything
Wolf laughed out loud, “Brother Xiao Yao, I have good news. Yesterday, in the early hours of the morning, we found a Purple Tier boss in Green Qilin Valley and killed it. It dropped two Purple Tier and 1 Gold Tier equipment.”
Me:”That’s really good, is there anything else? What happened when I was not around?”
General Li Mu said, “In the morning around 7 AM, a 100-man group from [Flying Dragon] passed by Green Qilin Valley, but they didn’t break into any conflict with us. According to my speculation, Soaring Dragon is testing us to see what kind of attitude [Zhan Long] will have.”
General Wang Jian also quipped, “Guild Master, if [Flying Dragon] make a move against us, how are we going to respond? Do we strike back or surrender?”
I couldn’t help but laugh, “I’m not just a pretty face. Should [Flying Dragon] attack us, we will strike them back immediately with full force! But if it’s just a small skirmish that doesn’t kill anyone, we should restrain ourselves if we can. We must become a Lv 3 guild as soon as possible because right now the guild’s 300 person limit is holding us back. It may still be enough to fight against [Wrath of the Heroes], but it’ll will not be enough to fight against [Flying Dragon].
Yue Qing Qian laughed lightly, “Brother Xiao Yao, don’t worry too much. I have talked with Uncle Yan Zhao a few days ago. Recently [Prague] was fighting over training grounds with [Flying Dragon], somewhat fiercely too. Uncle Yan Zhao will help me by pinning down [Flying Dragon] for a few days; he said to count it as a parting gift for me and Wei Liang.
Feeling a little guilty, I asked, “Cough…we stole over 50+ players from [Prague]’s main forces, shouldn’t uncle be angry?”
Yue Wei Liang giggled, “They say that on the night that my sister and I joined [Zhan Long], Uncle Yan Zhao gloomily went to a bar alone and drank two cases of beer. The next day he was rushed to the hospital due to alcohol poisoning…”
Me: “I have sinned…”
……
Suddenly I felt a peculiar feeling from my back. The Ancient Tablet felt quite warm, almost to the point of scorching hot. I hurriedly took it down and looked at it. I noticed that the experience bar on top of the tablet was almost full – 99.9% filled! Woah, is the secret buried inside the Ancient Tablet finally going to be revealed to this world?!
With the experience from the past, I had to kill high leveled monsters in order to give experience to the Ancient Tablet. Yes, I’ve never thought that the experience had accumulated so much that it was already going to be unsealed. Then I should continue to train, anyway I had nothing much to do in the morning!
Going outside the city, I went straight towards Fire Stone Canyon, arriving about 30 minutes later. Following along the edge of Fire Stone Canyon, I slipped inside and walked further into the depths of the canyon. I walked for around 10 minutes, avoiding various players who were already training there. As I entered a forest deep in the abyss, the number of people around me began to lessen. Finally, a high leveled monster appeared in front of me. It was a type of green colored poisonous snake that climbed between trees, its body almost as big as Ice Rats, around 1.5 meters in length. As its forked tongue slides in and out, it hissed menacingly. There are 7-12 snakes in every tree; they are extremely close together!
【Venomous Viper】: Level 61 Elite Monster, high attack power, low defense, low health.
TL Note: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trimeresurus_stejnegeri – Actual animal.
……
“Keng!”
Pulling out my Frost Rain Sword, I rushed forward immediately. With me being Lv 58, killing a Lv 61 Elite Monster was as easy as one-two-three. Hacking here and there, it died within two strikes but my face was sprayed venom. The Venomous Viper’s attacking power was not fatal, but the poison was extremely troublesome, luckily I had [Heal] to heal myself, otherwise I would have to drink health potions into poverty!
After killing Venomous Vipers for about an hour, my experience has increased by 9%, but the Ancient Tablet was still on the verge of unsealing, with not even a sign of activity!
After killing for another hour, it was almost 12 noon!
“Di!”
My beautiful big boss sent me a message, “Li Xiao Yao, let’s eat lunch!”
“Okay!”
As I was preparing to return, I quickly finished another Venomous Viper with a shake of my arm. Suddenly, the Ancient Tablet on my back started shaking. Moreover, countless bone inscriptions appeared on top of the Ancient Tablet as it broke into pieces in a blink of an eye. Falling totally apart, the countless pieces rose from the ground and formed a mist glowing with 7 colors around me. The next moment, a system announcement bell rung in my ears –
“Ding!”
System Notification: Congratulations, your【Ancient Tablet】has successfully merged with your body. You received an SS-ranked ancient martial arts skill -【Seven Star Fragments Slash】!
……
SS-ranked!!
My brain turned blank for a moment, it was actually an SS-ranked skill, this is too awesome!
I hurriedly open my skills interface. There’s indeed a new skill glowing in a gold luster, an SS-ranked skill, it’s dazzle was incomparable to others. Dammit, after carrying the Ancient Tablet for almost half a month, I finally get to reap the benefits-
【Seven Star Fragments Slash】(SS-ranked): Condense the power of the 7 stars of Ursa Major and release the charge gathered in the sword. It will cause a substantial amount of AOE damage to targets in front. It also has the ability to break buildings that are unbreakable. At level one, it will consume 40 MP and will have a cooldown of 15 seconds!
TL Note: Ursa Major is one of the constellation in the skies. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ursa_Major
……
I’m on cloud nine!
It’s really an SS-ranked skill, moreover it’s a physical attacking skill! This [Seven Star Fragments Slash] is sufficient to have my strength soar through a whole new level!
I unleashed my skill and after a short moment of charging, a powerful force welled up on my sword. I raised my Frost Rain Sword and pointed it to the sky. At that moment, 7 meteorites streaked across my blade, dispersing into a seven-colored flame. The flames surrounded my sword, encircling it before shooting forward!
“Bang!”
Dust scattered around. Almost 30 meters of effective attack distance, this was too awesome!
[]  []  []

