
Chapter 678 - Greedy Wolf Brigade “[Thousand Burial] wants to be a top tier guild?” I could not help but laugh aloud at the thought. “Is this some kind of a joke? Are they going to rely on the skills of Not Ordinary and You Yi to push the level of their guild to the top tier? Isn’t that just a load of bull?” Dong Cheng responded, “It’s hard to say though. Money can make even the Devil dance.” I shook my head in disagreement. “I still don’t think they will make it.”  Wan Er looked at me and laughed. “Do you think that everyone is like you? You, who owns the shop called “National Beauty” and Dragon City, two easy sources of money? On the other hand, I think if [Thousand Burial] were to invest 50 million RMB into their guild, they could achieve a lot. After all, amongst the top 1000 members in the CBN Battlemaster Ranking Chart, a lot of them are lacking money. To them, an annual salary of 100,000 RMB might not be so appealing but what about twice or thrice that amount? What if it became 10 times that amount? Who among them would not be moved by such wealth? As long as he manages to hire enough top players, [Thousand Burial]’s fighting strength could turn out to be rather impressive.” Dong Cheng Yue nodded as she chuckled. “Yep. What’s even more annoying is…… last night, Not Ordinary, You Yi, White Ink and members of the main force of [Thousand Burial] cleared a map called “Devouring Garden” just north-west of Tian Ling City. They also received a special tool called [Greedy Wolf Talisman]!” [Greedy Wolf Talisman]?” Tang Qi and I surprisingly asked in sync, “What does it do?” Dong Cheng explained, “[Greedy Wolf Talisman] is an unlimited usage special tool item that, with the City Lord’s permission, allows a player to register as a “Greedy Wolf Raider”. There will be a 1000 gold fee but not only will that player gain the [Greedy Wolf Raider] title, they will also enjoy a permanent 3% drop rate boost for killing monsters, 10% for killing players, extra 20% movement speed as well as the right to directly take 10% of the money that the players they killed are carrying. In short, the [Greedy Wolf Brigade] is the personification of a pack of ravenous wolves. Gluttonous but powerful in large numbers. The only con is that they too, will suffer an extra 10% drop rate when killed. So when someone runs into a Greedy Wolf Raider, one side must die…….” Wan Er and I were both startled. Last night, Wan Er had slept next to me and so she didn’t pay much attention to the game. Clearly it was her first time hearing about this [Greedy Wolf Talisman]  I asked, “Who has the Greedy Wolf Talisman?”  “Naturally, it’s in Not Ordinary’s hands….”  Dong Cheng smiled, “I’ve heard that since last night, [Thousand Burial] has already converted 1200+ people into Greedy Wolf Raiders. The effect is an addon that lasts forever. It really is good stuff….” Tang Qi added, “If only we could just get him to drop that Greedy Wolf Talisman!”  Dong Cheng glanced at him, her smile filled with contempt, “Did you think that Not Ordinary would be that stupid? Once he needs to leave the city, he’ll definitely put the talisman inside his personal storage. He won’t use it unless he is in the city where it’s safe. As long as he’s cautious, nobody would be able to get that talisman.” Wan Er’s eyes were gleeful as she said, “I think I know what Not Ordinary wants…”  Tang Qi asked, “What?”  Wan Er said, “He wants to use that 20% attack speed and movement speed increase and create a regiment of 100-1000 players that can hunt down any stray players from rival guilds; just like a pack of wolves. Even a savage tiger would be worn down if they keep rotating out people against it. Just like that, they can easily obtain gold and equipments. Once they’ve slowly built up their strength, [Thousand Burial] will legitly turn into a guild of wolves.”  I nodded in agreement, “That’s the basic idea. Send out warnings for people to not go leveling on their own, in case they get targeted by the Greedy Wolf Brigade.” “En.” Wan Er looked at me, “It’s about time you log on and supervise the situation. You are, after all, the real guildmaster of [Zhan Long].”  “Ok, got it. I’ll get online in a moment!” 　　…… After breakfast, I logged on.  Once I logged on, I first looked at the forums for Tian Ling City. As expected, there was a hot post pinned to the top. It was [Thousand Burial]’s recruitment post——[Talent Recruit (Owner: Not Ordinary]: [Thousand Burial Guild], We are allocating 50 Million RMB to recruitment, Recruiting all experts within the top ten thousand on the CBN Battlenet Rankings!  Details: Now that Tian Ling City has been opened, Ba Huang City, Jiu Li City, and Fan Shu City have been merged together. All Heroes are now fighting for power. However, one cannot dominate the world by oneself. Therefore, [Thousand Burial] guild will begin to strengthen itself. We’re using 50 Million RMB as our budget for development. We are recruiting brothers from across the country. As long as you are strong enough, no matter what your dreams are, you can join our ranks. An annual salary of a hundred thousand or two hundred thousand is not a dream. Please find any recruiter player for [Thousand Burial] at any of the four great gates of Tian Ling City. Do you want to become one of the most respected Greedy Wolf Brigade? Do you want to become brothers with wolf and tiger masters? Join us and your dream will not be far away! 　　…… I can already affirm that this post was not written by Not Ordinary. Those weren’t words that he could make up. As an underground boss, he reeks of vile thoughts. There was no way he could write such elegant words. He had most likely hired someone to write it for him. But that was of no consequence. That wouldn’t affect how [Thousand Burial] recruited people. As long as they brought money out, then there was no way that they couldn’t recruit people.  After that was a chain of replies. There were some that hated it, and there were some that praised it. But as long as there was money, it meant that there was good faith, and that wasn’t a wrong sentence——[First Reply] Player Who will Dance For Me: Hmph hmph, 50 Million… Who know how much annual salary someone like me who is ranked a hundred thousand in the CBN Battlenet. Or maybe monthly? [Second Reply] Player Empty City Silence: Please forgive me but I can’t help but laugh. A third rate like [Thousand Burial] wants to become boss of Tian Ling City? Dream on!  [Third Reply] Player Bright Moon of a Thousand Leagues: Signing Up, CBN Battlenet Ranked 17238. Let’s discuss the price, if its right then I’ll join!  [Fourth Reply] Player My Sword is My Name: Signing Up, CBN Battlenet Ranked 29181!  [Fifth Reply] Player Yue Qing Qian, Wa, 50 Million! Too bad I don’t want to sign up. [Sixth Reply] Player Goodbye Tears: Let’s just watch on the sidelines then sister! 　　…… I closed the forums and went online!  “Shua!”  I appeared in Tian Ling City. I fixed up my equipment and filled my potion supply. I was ready to head out at any moment, but I still couldn’t decide on where to go. I ended up heading to Dragon’s Den first. It was time to see how the city had developed.  I was teleported into the great half of the Dragon’s Den. But right as I walked in, I was stunned by my surroundings. The Dragon’s Den had already leveled up to a Level 7 City. All of the buildings had a layer of silver light coming off of it. It was as though all of the buildings had been plated with silver. Furthermore, the distant wall that had been constructed with rock was now made of ferrous materials. Its defense was on a whole new level.  The city’s production power had also risen quite a bit since I had been gone—— Food: 1920/Hour Wood: 15500/Hour Stones: 17200/Hour　　…… When I checked the city reserves, I saw that it had already reached 700 thousand Gold. The revenue had all come from the players consuming things in the city. Furthermore, the amount of food, wood and stones had already surpassed 100,000. Seeing all of this progress made me feel extremely satisfied and proud. The Dragon’s Den’s production capability had truly reached a terrifying point. After that, I checked out the different types of soldiers in the city. A Level 7 City can recruit the Level Seven Heavy Flame Archers in the Shooting Range. For a heavily fortified city like Dragon’s Den, those were the top pick. Plus, it didn’t look like they needed much resources to be recruited—— Heavy Flame Archers, City Stats x95%, Recruitment Requirements: Goldx700, Foodx750, Woodx800, Stonesx840　　……Determined, I put in a number. I recruited 200 Heavy Flame Archers to increase our defense. That was ok, after all it only cost 10 hours of the city’s production. Plus, Chi Yu Qing can create all kinds of resource quests. It might not even need 10 hours of production power. The biggest expense was the gold. But it was all for the sake of the city’s safety. Only if we can hold the fort can we get more gold. Spending this much was worth it.  “Ding!”  System notification: Please note, your city [Dragon’s Den] is now starting to recruit Heavy Flame Archers. At the moment, the progress is at 0/200! 　　…… I jumped onto my Flying Scythe Horse and arrived in the city. In the distance, I looked towards the shooting range. Within a minute, an NPC soldier clothed in red armor walked towards the shooting range. He carried a longbow in his hand. Flames rose from the string. He knelt down on the ground for me even when he was so far away and he shouted, “City Master!”  This was a soldier that had 95% of my stats. Just looking at it made me like it… Here was an archer whose real strength was over 40,000. How much sorrow would one shot from this archer create? Unfortunately, it didn’t have my skills. Otherwise, if I had 200 Heavy Flame Archers, I would be able to overthrow Tian Ling City. Of course, now was not the time to activate these precious soldiers. Each and every one of them cost money. I must save them for the proper moment.  I walked around the city a little more and increased the level of some of the resource buildings. In a few more days, I’ll be able to level up the city to Level 8. Time was passing really fast and the city was developing rapidly. With the Chi Yu Han and Chi Yu Qing siblings guarding the Dragon’s Den, it’ll definitely become the first Level 10 City in the Tian Ling Empire. Once we hit Level 10, then we’ll be able to recruit all the Cliff Dragon Cavalry we want. At that point, our first goal would be to get 10,000 Cliff Dragon Cavalrymen. Then, no matter if its a guild battle or a nation battle, these Cliff Dragon Cavalrymen that have 120% of my stats will be enough to make all of my rivals unable to sleep!  “Di!” I had received a message from Qing Qian, “Brother Xiao Yao, I just received some news. The player Minimalist has joined [Thousand Burial]. He’s a Level 115 Swordsman and is ranked 741 in the CBN Battlenet Rankings!”  I was stunned, “There’s really someone who is willingly joining [Thousand Burial]? Not to mention he’s so far forward in the CBN Battlenet Rankings.” Qing Qian replied, “Yup. We have to be careful. This person was recruited by You Yi into [Thousand Burial].”  I smiled, “Qing Qian don’t worry. He’s just a man who's in the top 700. He’s not worth worrying over. [Zhan Long] has seventeen people in the top one hundred. Don’t be scared of them!”  “Yes yes!”  I received news all the way up until noon. Just in one morning, there were over 50 players that were in the top 10,000 in the CBN Battlenet Rankings that had joined [Thousand Burial]. RMB really has too great of an incentive. Especially when there’s such a big pie like 50 million. This card was played too beautifully. 　　…… For lunch, Dong Cheng, Wan Er, Tang Qi and I ate at our home. As we were eating, Wan Er’s phone continuously rang from text messages. She glanced at it and raised her eyebrows.  “What’s wrong Wan Er?” I asked with concern.  Wan Er showed me her phone. It was a message from Dancing Forest—— “Vice Guildmaster, At 11:14, a ten man team from our Division Three guild was completely decimated by the Greedy Wolf Brigade. They dropped quite a few equipments and gold.”  “Vice Guildmaster, three minutes ago, on the southern side of the Tian Ling City map, a forty man team was ambushed and completely killed. It was a team from our main guild and it was [Thousand Burial] again. You Yi had personally lead the team. There was a total of 200 Greedy Wolf Raiders.”  “Vice Guildmaster, at 11:47, two of our teams had been ambushed within Ba Huang City limits. We had lost around 70+ people.” 　　…… I calmly got  up, then slam my palm onto the table top, “Looks like Wei Fan and You Yi is planning to put us under the knife as well!”
