
[]  []  []
Chapter 58 – Battle Between the Sword and the Shield
This chapter was sponsored by William Wang!
TL: Kind of sick today, so only chapter today. Sorry!
There were a total of 7 players. The two berserkers were level 31 and the party consisted of another healer, archer, musketeer and mage. In addition to this, there was a level 32 monk with heavy armor. Overall this team combination was perfect for targeting bosses. Also, to level up to 32 as a monk certainly wasn’t an easy task, which showed how well of a player that monk was.
The captain seemed to be the berserker carrying a shining axe, above his avatar were the words, “Mu Tain”, and judging by its looks, the axe should be a silver tiered item; its attack damage surely wouldn’t be low. Though the biggest problem was probably their long ranged attackers, since I had no way of blocking or escaping it. A single round of attack from the entire team would probably be capable of killing me.
……
Under a tree I smiled and asked: “I’m simply walking around collecting Indigo Seaweed, doing nothing to you. Why would you want to kill me?”
Mu Tain waved his axe and laughed: “By killing you, we would earn a thousand gold. So of course we want to kill you. Do you have any last words before you die?”
I stayed silent for a second, before I said: “This Deep Cold Forest is my domain, if you aren’t afraid, you can come and try to kill me.”
Immediately afterwards, I rushed into the Forest and since it was nighttime the visibility for everyone was poor and I vanished out of their sight.
Mu Tain paused before saying: “Release your pets, we will let them find him for us. Today is the day that Xiao Yao Zi Zai dies!”
Moments later, a few bats, goblins, and other pets were summoned. None of them had a truly outstanding attack force, therefore being a limited threat.
……
“Rustle……”
As my battle boots stepped on the moist grass, I slowly walked through the forest. I was kind of scared of facing a 7-member team; if they came at me all at once, I would definitely die. But if I focused on my strengths and pinpointed their weaknesses, I would have a good chance in killing them. I would use Baby Bobo’s mobility to assassinate their healer before moving on to the squishies: the mage, archer, and musketeer.
I began to flank to the side of their party and raising my hand, I summoned Baby Bobo. He flew towards the healer as quick as a bolt of lightning, broke through their defense line and used his LV4 [Combo]
“Crap!”
The healer immediately moved backwards and first hit of the combo missed, but Baby Bobo continued with his combo and two solid damages flew up.
“489！”
“512！”
Damn! The healer didn’t die. He must have added at least 5 points to endurance each time he leveled up in order to gain such a high health. While I thought this, Baby Bobo did a basic attack and the healer dropped to the ground
Mu Tain quickly turned around and shouted loudly: “Musketeer and archer target and butcher his pet!”
The bullets and arrows almost immediately locked on to Baby Bobo and even though Baby Bobo’s defense was decent it wasn’t enough to stop their high attack power. They dealt a little over 500 damage and in addition, the mage cast a [Rock Spike] and [Chilling Wind] on Baby Bobo
“+600！”
I stayed in the dark while I cast the Heal on Baby Bobo. Afterwards, I commanded Baby Bobo to retreat from the battlefield. If he stayed there, he’d be a target practice for them!
“Monk, use [Lower Your Sword] on his pet!” Mu Tain yelled as he made a vicious attempt to hit Baby Bobo, but his attempt was futile as Baby Bobo was simply too fast.
A golden light emitted from the monk’s staff and hit Baby Bobo. Baby Bobo’s attack got reduced by 10%! His 610 damage had become 549 in a split second. This fight wasn’t in my favor anymore.
“F*cker, you want to leave?!”
The other berserker charged forward with his battle axe. On the axe were flickering flames and it looked like he wanted to use his [Fire Axe] skill to kill Baby Bobo.
I couldn’t stay hidden anymore!
I quickly surged forward and used my Lvl 4 [Combo] with my Jade City Sword and as his focus was elsewhere, 3 numbers popped up.
“358！”
“347！”
“333！”
His face showed a glimpse of his panic and he immediately retreated. I followed him closely since he must be almost dead after being hit by my [Combo], even if he had added a lot of stat points to endurance. When my attack was ready I made an extremely fast vertical slash.
“F*ck，how is this possible?”
The berserker was shocked at my speed and before he could recover his stance, his chest started sprouting out blood. He dropped to the ground and his battle axe dropped!
Before I got the chance to grab the spoils, I immediately retreated. Just a second later, the spot that I was standing at before was hit by two arrows and a bullet.
……
Carrying Baby Bobo in my arms as I retreated, I waited to heal both me and Baby Bobo back to full health. When we finally got back to peak condition, I approached again knowing that the graveyard where the players respawned was far from here. I had approximately 10 minutes to kill the rest of the party. I firmly believed that I must kill all those who dared to attack me, so no one believed they could push me around.
As I peeked around, I saw a furious Mu Tain yelling: “Damn two people have already been killed and what have you been doing? You guys have barely reacted and your pets are useless!”
The monk quietly said: “Our Vampire Bats are simply unable to keep up with the bee’s speed.”
“Just keep defending this area until they respawn. Then we will continue the hunt.”
“Fine.”
……
Even though they could afford to wait, I couldn’t. I commanded Baby Bobo to circle around to the other side. This time our goal was to kill the mage and archer.
Shuaa!
The humming Baby Bobo flew towards the mage as quick as lightning.
“He’s here again!”
The mage was very observant and quickly managed to cast [Icicle Shot] onto Baby Bobo, which slowed him greatly. This enabled the mage to continue moving backwards. He was using the hit and run tactic.
As they were distracted by Baby Bobo, I approached the archer from behind. Using the Jade City Sword I used [Combo] to strike at his left shoulder and at the same time, I swung my fist at the ground.
Peng!
The [Binding Chains] was a success and the mage was rooted to the ground. In two strikes, Baby Bobo killed the mage. Mages were unwilling to put points into endurance like healers, since a mage’s only job was to do lots of damage. So a mage must put every single point into Magic Power, otherwise he wouldn’t have enough mana to keep up his lethal attacks.
As the archer died, his Vampire Bat squeaked and disappeared as well.
In seconds, two players had been killed and only 3 were left.
Hong!
A combination of pain and heat emanated from my shoulder as I got hit by a [Fire Axe].
Zheng!
“227!”
Mu Tain took advantage of my temporary stunned state to perform a normal attack for 154 damage. His eyes opened wide, in shock: “What is that defense?!”
I didn’t bother responding and tilted the edge of my sword to hit the abdomen of the musketeer. On the other side, Baby Bobo activated his LV-4 [Stinger]; even with the 10% debuff on attack, the damage dealt was extremely impressive and the musketeer slowly fell to the ground.
……
Zheng!
The monk hit me again and I almost felt like laughing as 49 points of damage popped up. A monk might be incredibly tough and have enormous amounts of health. But what did it matter if he wasn’t a threat in combat, such a shame.
“Its your turn now.”
I made a quick step sideways and a big MISS appeared as I successfully dodged Mu Tain’s attack. His eyes were filled with anger as he realized that I might annihilate his entire team. He used his LV 4 [Penetration], his next attack would ignore 20% of my armor.
I saw that my skills were available again and quickly decided to take his attack head on, and immediately afterwards used [Combo] on him. The tip of my Jade City Sword glowed golden hexagrams and I viciously made 3 continues attacks.
“357！”
“342！”
“344！”
Mu Tain’s health instantly dropped to zero and he clenched his teeth as he died.
Behind the team leader was the monk, who silently stood as he cast his spells. First, he cast a LV 4 [Regen] which improved his regen by 4% and afterwards a LV 4 [Golden Defense] which improved his defense by 12%.
“Come on!”
The monk exclaimed loudly: “Lets see you break my defense. Lets see the limits of a close-combat healer. Either you or me will die today.”
I continued staying silent, directing Baby Bobo to kill his pet goblin.
“Huaa!”
The Jade City Sword flipped as I moved forward in a smooth motion. In a single moment, I appeared in front of the Monk with my sword ready to attack. He was horrified at my speed. Before I began my attacks, I took advantage of his surprise to crash into him. The defensive stance of the monk instantly shattered and he took staggered steps backwards!
A glow emerged from my feet as I quickly used my S-Class combo [Strength of a Thousand Men]!
“98！”
“101！”
“79！”
“109！”
As I let out my continuous attacks, the Monk kept losing his balance, stumbling backwards. Under the effects of my ram, he completely lost his balance, perfect for the 0.2 seconds delay for my [Wind Blade]. This would be the final hit.
Peng!
A huge number appeared when [Wind Blade] connected with the Monk.
“711！”
The monk was surprised and stunned as he said: “That was…. was that a custom combo?”
I remained silent as I finished him off.
……
Shua!
The level 32 monk died.
[]  []  []

