
[][][]
Chapter 23 – He’s Mine
It was 8 p.m. in the school’s bar.
There was some light music playing in the bar, casting a calming spell on the patrons of the bar. The bar was a place where a lot of the students in the school came to relax after a hard day of courses, and of course there was a large portion of people who come here to find their true love.
I had no interest in love, because Wan Er, who was sitting in front of me, was staring at me with her large, beautiful eyes.
Putting down my cup, I said, “Miss, I’ll leave if you stare at me any longer…”
Wan Er pursed her red lips, and asked again, “Did you really get a bronze ring? You’re not lying are you?”
“It’s true!” I nodded deeply.
With a sulky expression, Wan Er looked at Cheng Yue, who was at her side, and mumbled, “Yue.. Why does this guy have such good luck… How is it possibly that he got a 12 endurance, 7 attack bronze ring? Ahh,.. God why…. ”
Cheng Yue smiled lightly, “Probably because Xiao Yao is handsome…”
Wan Er glared at me, “How is he handsome, he looks just like Bi Fu Jian… ”
TL: 
“…..”
After a while, Wan Er continued, “Oh yeah, school starts in 2 days, so, there will be a welcoming dance party tomorrow night. Cheng Yue and I got the invitations. Li Xiao Yao, you come too, and familiarize yourself with our new classmates.”
“Welcoming dance party?” I widened my eyes, “I don’t dance….”
“There’s no problem, just be there and it’ll be fine. I also hear that there’s some good food there~”
“Yep, let’s go!”
……
I sipped my cup of tea, and asked, “Miss. You got the [Mortal’s Scroll] right?”
She nodded, “Yep, the experience gain is quite a lot! Every hour I gain 5% of my current level’s experience! Even if I stay idle for an entire day I can almost level up.”
I asked, “Do you know if this also applies to the higher levels?”
Cheng Yue laughed, “Impossible, don’t think about it. When a player reaches a high level, then the level difference between this city and the other cities will only rise, then wouldn’t all the players from Ba Huang City and Jiu Li City all come over? Oh yeah Xiao Yao, what level is the highest level player in Ba Huang City?”
“Level 25, a swordsman called Yan Zhao Warrior, who is the guildmaster of [Prague]. ”
“Ah, so it’s him…” Wan Er opened her mouth about to talk but then burst out laughing.
That look made all my hairs stand up, “What’s wrong? Is there a problem with this Yan Zhao Warrior?”
Cheng Yue replied, “[Prague] was also a guild in <Conquest>. Yan Zhao Warrior is a 50 year old guy and his control in game was quite good, but his strongest point was his power to persuade people to join his guild. Because of him, the almost extinct [Prague] was rebuilt. You’re in Ba Huang City, is it possible that you joined [Prague] as well?”
I shook my head with a smile, “Nah, I’m not planning on joining any guild for now.”
Wan Er looked at me, “Why not?”
I stuck out my chest, “That’s because… it’s very simple. This gaming helmet is a gift from you, so therefore, I’m waiting for you to take me in. In the future when you create your own guild, or join into other guilds, I’ll follow you in.”
After hearing that Cheng Yue couldn’t stop herself from laughing, “Good thinking Xiao Yao. I’m thinking of creating a guild, why don’t you join mine….”
“No!” Wan Er’s voice was a pitch higher than usual.
“Why not?” asked Cheng Yue.
“Because… Because he’s mine!”
“Is that so? Yours huh…..” Cheng Yue laughed vilely.
Wan Er lowered her head immediately, and her whole face had become a deep crimson. After a few seconds, she regained her composure, lifted her head up, and coldly looked at me, “Actually.. this guy’s gaming skills are barely decent. In my dad’s words, he’s a noob and is mostly likely to spend time setting up stalls to sell items. Oh how I pity that limited edition flame red helmet…”
“…….”
……
We stayed in the bar until 10 pm. Afterwards, I escorted the two beauties back to the girl’s dorm, and continued to wander around in the dark for a while. After clearing the coast, I jumped on top of the same tree as before to observe the surroundings. At 15 degrees south-east was a security uncle sitting and smoking. In addition, at 35 degrees north-east, there was a person in a black trench coat sitting on the stone bench in the small park. Unless you looked closely, you wouldn’t notice him.
Without a doubt, they were hidden guards prearranged by Lin Tian Lan for his precious pearl, Wan Er. The old man must have been troubled quite a lot. Who knew how many people he sent into this university. As for me, according to Tian Lan’s instructions, I was to be Wan Er’s friend, classmate, and also the trump card, last line of defense in this school. Therefore, my position was very important.
I breathed deeply; 1000 meters in front of Liu Hua University was a police station, so it was extremely safe here. At least, there shouldn’t be any problems at night. These two personal guards also seemed to be extremely observant. The atmosphere around the two was different; the two were probably part of Special Ops teams. And they had definitely killed before, or else they wouldn’t be able to emit this kind of special, trained aura.
……
Returning to my dorm, I immediately fell asleep when I reached my bed. I slept soundly until the next morning. After waking up I went and bought breakfast for Wan Er and Cheng Yue. While standing in front of the entrance to the girls’ dorm, the dorm manager fiercely looked at me, and said one sentence, “Brat. If you put dare to even place a foot in this building, I will break your legs!”
I involuntarily shivered at the threat, and rethought my actions of delivering the breakfast upstairs.
A few minutes later, a beauty came running down. It was Cheng Yue in her pink skirt. Her two slender legs were quite eye-catching in the rising sun.
“What do we have today?” She asked while tilting her head.
I smiled, “Red bean bun, milk, bread, help yourself~”
“Okay.”
Cheng Yue grabbed the breakfast from me and said, “Xiao Yao, don’t forget that tonight’s the dance party! Wait for us here at 6 P.M. Dinner is also served at the dance party!”
“Okay…”I nodded with a smile, “Then I’m leaving!”
“Wait!”
“What is it?”
She smiled, and says, “Just now, Wan Er told me that when both of us reach level 30, we’ll go and visit Ba Huang City and find you there. We’ll see what kind of mess you’ve got yourself into in Ba Huang City…”
I felt a bit awkward, “What.. What mess are you talking about? I’m just…going with the flow in Ba Huang City, there’s nothing wrong with that…. Oh right, Cheng Yue, what are your game IDs? I’ll join you when I get on!”
“No need, when we get to Ba Huang City, you’ll know who we are when you see us!”
Without waiting for me to say anything, she quickly ran up the stairs with her skirt, and a gust of wind passed… Ah, it was pink….
……
I set a goal for myself while returning to my place. Today’s mission: Reach level 22. After that, I would find my next path to fortune: The Killer Bees. Even though I had a seal for the Killer Bee, I needed to find the bees before I could actually seal it. Although I was a healer swordsman, my attack damage was not enough, so I needed to have a strong pet to compensate for this weakness!
Cha!
When I went online, I was at the job training center, so I turned around and left. I had a few hundred level 3 Seven-Star pills in my bag, which instantly restored 200 MP, which was more than enough for me.
At the northern entrance of Ba Huang City, near the forest, a Vampire Bat was roaming around. The little bats near the city had the lowest level, and their attacks were also one of the weakest out of all the monsters.
I walked in front of the bat with my sword in hand. The bat started rushing forward while chirping at me, and activated its blood-sucking attack, but it only took out 12 HP.
I raised my hand, and cast [Heal].
Cha!
“+12!”
My HP was back to full, and at the same time, I gained 1 skill experience point. By allowing the Vampire Bat to attack me repeatedly, I could cast [Heal] to gain more skill experience. Repeating this cycle for an hour or so, [Heal] and [Hemostasis] finally reached level 3. At this level, casting [Heal] recovered 450 HP, which was over my maximum points. [Hemostasis], on the other hand, recovered 150 HP, which was more suitable for me.
During the entire training process, countless amounts of players looked at me with pity, shaking their heads——
“Look, that healer is really an idiot, he’s not even retaliating against the bat!”
“He really is an idiot!”
“A shame, he is quite good looking!”
……
After finishing this mission, I smoothly killed all of the annoying bats with my sword, and then found a place under a tree to rest. I started looking through the forums, looking for information regarding the whereabouts of the Killer Bees. Not long after, my eyes landed on the name of a place on the map——Poisonous Grassland.
The Poisonous Grassland was south-east of Ba Huang City, roughly 15 minutes or so of traveling, and it consisted of level 22-25 monsters. Yesterday, there was a group of players who went there, and pointed out that the main monsters of the Poisonous Grassland were wasps, so there was a possibility that there might be some Killer Bees within them! Okay, let’s go!
I brought my supplies, repaired my equipment, and started to leave. The journey of an adventurer began!
I walked along a small road. After ten or so minutes, I saw a small forest full of sunshine, and I could also faintly hear humming sounds. It looked like I had arrived at the Poisonous Grassland!
“Ah, bro, run! Damn! These guys are vicious!”
Suddenly I heard cries in front, and I saw one elf archer holding a longbow flying out of the forest, but right behind him was a huge wasp, as big as a washbasin! The bee stung the elf in two quick successions on his body and two large damage numbers appeared——
“121！”
“240！”
The combo attack instantly killed the elf. After he died, the wasp slowly returned peacefully to where it was from. On the ground though, there was a berserker holding a battle axe, running for his life, with his face flustered, “What the hell?! Who said that the monsters here are easy prey? Our healer couldn’t even keep up with the damage! What should we do?!”
After saying that, he suddenly stopped, then flames appeared on his battle axe. He yelled, “Fire axe!”
Bang!
The wasp chasing him got knocked back, and received 221 damage. This was a Berserker’s level 10 skill, [Fire Axe]. It added fire damage to the next attack, but the wasp still had around 70% HP left. Its stinger suddenly started to glow – a golden hexagram! This move seemed familiar… Oh! It was a level 3 combo attack!
Shasha!
A LV-3 combo attack could attack 2-3 times, and this time the combo successfully pulled off all three attacks, totaling to a damage of 400. The berserker, who had all his points put into damage, had his 300 HP evaporated in an instant. He cried out while kneeling to his death. His level dropped down from 22 to 21… what a shame…
……
Shasha….
Stepping onto the grassland, I circled around the corpses, and avoided any players around the area. I didn’t care about any compromises or grouping up. I would enter deep into the Poisonous Grasslands by myself. I had superb healing skills and decent attack damage. 1v1ing a wasp shouldn’t even break a sweat!
[][][]

