
[] [] []
Chapter 498 The World as the Enemy
“Don’t worry….”
Qing Qian fluttered her eyes and smiled, “Matcha and I have already made preparations. The NPCs at the North Gate have all been completely killed. The only problem is that all of the [Zhan Long] members that have killed an NPC have become red names, and so, some have been killed by other players. The reward that the system is giving is just too good, and so some people just couldn’t help it and acted…”
Matcha threw a [Phantom Ray Slash] while retreating and said, “The system really is cruel. Clearly they are pushing [Zhan Long] to the edge.”
Wan Er caught up to us with only critical health left. With her clothes fluttering behind her, she smiled, “We have to trust in the system. If this is an SSS Tier Main Quest scene, then as long as we get past these 24 hours, and Chi Yu Han and Chi Yu Qing haven’t died, then [Zhan Long] will receive a reward that is well worth all the trouble!”
“Yup!”
……
The once familiar Ba Huang City North Gate Marketplace, looked much different at this moment. We saw a group of NPC soldiers in battle against a player made formation. Tang Xing raised a long halberd and shouted, “Hold off the NPCs, let Guild Master and the others take Chi Yu Han out! All [Zhan Long] players, be aware, do not attack players that have not attacked us. Only if you’ve been attacked, can you fight back!”
At the gate, there were at least a thousand [Zhan Long] players that had been split in two and were fighting off both NPCs and players. One Second Hero leapt onto a statue at the North Gate and raised his spear up high and shouted, “All Ba Huang City players, this is one of [Zhan Long]’s quests. Please, do not attack any of [Zhan Long]’s red name players. We are not your enemies. I hope that everyone will give [Zhan Long] this favor. I, Cheng Yong Jie, thank everyone!”
Before he even finished talking, “Pa!” an iron arrow smacked right into One Second Hero’s forehead. He immediately pulled it out, and swung his spear, “F*ck, that’s just too disrespectful, no?!”
Dancing Forest raised her long bow and “Shua!” A [Meteor Shot] flew out, killing the Archer in one blow. Her beautiful eyes were filled with killing intent, “What’s the point of talking with this bunch of f*cking trash, hurry up and break us out of here! Boss, where are we heading towards?”
I said without thinking, “Green Qilin Abyss, escort Chi Yu Han to the Green Qilin Abyss, that’s our territory!”
“Alright!”
I then reached out and “Shua!” Released Chi Yu Han from his magic sealing chains. I then asked, “Do you have the strength to fight?”
Chi Yu Han’s face turned green and he shook his head, “I’m very sorry…all of my strength has been used up. Those magic binding chains have been using up my Dou Qi energy this entire time. For the moment, I cannot help you. However, walking on my own is no problem!”
I nodded and said, “Alright!”
I then released Chi Yu Qing from her magic binding chains. However, her training was far worse than her brothers, and so she didn’t even have the strength to walk. I then picked her up with my left hand, and raised my Dragon Reservoir with my right and charged forward towards the North Gate bridge. There were a dozen Ba Huang Players lined up over there, a total of 4 Archers, 5 heavy armor types, and 3 Mages.
The Berserker at the front raised his battle axe and shouted, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai, put down the NPC in your hands, or else don’t blame me if I don’t show any mercy!”
I couldn’t help but smile, “You want to take this NPC and trade it for some rewards?”
“So what?”
“Do you think that you’ll even have the life left to trade it in?” I smiled, “Friend, please move away, or else don’t blame me for not showing any mercy!”
“Mind yourself!” The Berserker raised his battle axe and charged forward, “Brothers, don’t worry about anything else, just kill Xiao Yao Zi Zai. If you kill Xiao Yao Zi Zai, then the first Saint Tier equipment will basically become ours! Xiao Yao Zi Zai has at least 7 or 8 Saint Tier equipments, any one of them dropping is enough to let us live in luxury for a year!”
These stupid bastards, for the sake of money, they were willing to do anything.
I raised my sword and flew forward. My Cloud Stepping Boots went in a diagonal line, dodging quite a few [Scattered Shot] attacks. My left arm then jolted, dealing a [Combo] right into the Berserker. Blood spurted from the slice, and he was instantly killed. I then spun around, and activated [Sword Tempest], throwing everyone around me into the air. In just those three attacks, I killed an Archer and a Swordsman. Seeing the situation turn bad, the Mages used a [Dimensional Leap] and retreated backwards, only to be killed by Dancing Forest and Dong Cheng’s long range attacks. This time we had to be merciless, or else other people would think that [Zhan Long] was easy to bully, and the number of people that would hunt us down would increase.
……
Holding Chi Yu Qing, I led Chi Yu Han out of the city as quickly as I could. Once my Cloud Stepping Boots hit grass, I let out a sigh of relief. However, another group of players charged from the bushes to attack us. It was players from [Valley of the Gods]. There were around 500 of them, and were lead by the Vice Guild Master War Tent. War Tent swung the long sword in his hand with a cruel smile, “Charge, while [Zhan Long]’s players are still in Ba Huang City, kill Xiao Yao Zi Zai!”
I could hear the players from [Valley of the Gods] coming at us from all directions. Then, around 100 yards away from me, “Shua Shua Shua!” Wang Jiang lead a group of Division One players right at them. He pointed his sword forward and shouted, “Kill them! Surround the [Valley of the Gods]’ players that War Tent has brought. To think that they’d have the guts to try make an enemy out of [Zhan Long], kill them all!”
I shouted, “Wang Jiang, don’t get obsessed with the battle, once the rest of our team catches up, immediately retreat!”
“Understood, Guild Master!”
Looking behind me, numerous bodies of [Zhan Long] lined along the bridge and in the marketplace. For 24 hours, these bodies won’t disappear, that was one of the rules of the SSS Tier Main Quest. Any players that have died within the quest cannot revive for another 24 hours, or else there would be an endless revival, an awful bug in a battle type quest like this.
……
Behind me, I saw that Wan Er, Qing Qian, Li Mu, and Wang Jian had all caught up. Even though there were quite a few players in Ba Huang City, not everyone there wanted to pick a fight with [Zhan Long]. Besides, our players were going to be hunted for 24 hours, that was plenty of time to fix up equipment and make full preparations. Of course, [Flying Dragon], [Wrath of the Heroes], [Hero’s Mound] and [Thousand Burial] definitely weren’t going to let up a chance like this.
I dashed through the Ba Huang Forest, leading around 1500 of [Zhan Long]’s players. We moved in a circle formation, while I stood at the forefront. It would be a humiliation to me if they were to make me hide at the center of the circle. Besides, with my stats and skills, it would be a waste to not let me fight.
“Careful!”
Qing Qian looked forward and said, “There’s people over there. It looks like it’s a team of [Flying Dragon] players. They probably want to ambush us!”
“Be careful of [Beast Traps]!” I shouted.
A row of Mages in the front immediately reacted and activated [Revealing Light], illuminating all of our surroundings. Just as I expected, there were quite a few [Beast Traps] all around the forest. This was an Archer’s fourth advancement skill. When their traps had been revealed, the Archers shot out long range attacks, destroying their [Beast Trap]. Dong Cheng flew up and opened a path for us.
“Kill!”
The sounds of battle rose from the bushes and [Flying Dragon]’s 300 man grinding team charged at us. They were too rash!
Mu Tian raised his battle axe and shouted, “Don’t kill people that don’t have red names! Pick out the people with red names and kill those, there are battle point rewards! The more red name players we kill, the higher chance of getting a Saint Tier equipment at the end! Brothers of [Flying Dragon], we must not miss this once in a blue moon opportunity! Even if it means that we have to die!”
The crowd of people all shouted and charged over. For the sake of money, people will die, for the sake of food, birds will die*, they’re probably acting on that principle.
*TL Note: Chinese proverb
With a slight tremble, my blade cut into the crowd with a [Seven Star Fragment Slash]. I then used a [Seven Stars Teleportation], and “Shua!” Moved right to beside Mu Tian. Mu Tian freaked out and immediately activated his [Berserker God] skill. Unfortunately, that skill only avoided magic damage, what use did it have against me? I stabbed my Dragon Reservoir Sword right through his chest and activated [Wind Blade] killing him in one blow!
Looking at Mu Tian’s widened eyes, I smiled, “Too bad, you are destined to die before you kill even one!”
Countless arrows and spells covered the sky and flew right at us. Both sides were starting to increase the firepower. We had quite a few players that had red names, and the enemy was only attacking those players, turning them into red names in our names. We then fought back, making it even more clear which side was which.
Li Mu, Old K, Dong Cheng Lei and One Second Hero charged at the front, quickly slashing apart the 300 people from [Flying Dragon]. Our 1500 man army advanced forward, leaving the ground covered with nearly 300 bodies!
“Shua!”
One critical health Swordsman charged at me and threw a [Fire Spear] at my shoulder. At that point I was attacking another person and couldn’t dodge the attack. All I could do was take the hit, but whatever. However, right at that moment, Chi Yu Han suddenly threw out a punch. “Peng!” That poor Swordsman flew out a dozen meters, and ended up in a thorny bush.
Dou Qi energy revolved around Chi Yu Han’s arm. He took a deep breath and said, “My strength is slowly recovering….”
I nodded, “That’s good, or else we really won’t be able to hold off Ba Huang City!”
Chi Yu Han’s arm trembled, and he slowly condensed the Heaven’s Spite Sword and softly said, “Don’t worry, I, Chi Yu Han, will definitely not allow my friends to fight on their own!”
“Ok!”
……
At that moment, I started hearing people charging towards us from behind. Wan Er furrowed her elegant brows and said, “Ba Huang City has sent out their NPC cavalry to hunt us down! The cavalry is relatively fast, we have to hurry up and enter into the Green Qilin Abyss to fight on the defense, or else it’ll be too difficult for us to fight like this!”
“Agreed! Everyone, advance at full speed!”
However, the number of players we had with us were far too many. With a blink of an eye tens of thousands of players and countless NPCs chased up to us. Our movement speed was far slower than that of the cavalry. Furthermore, we were slower because we had to heal ourselves.
“Not good, there’s no way for all of us to escape!” Li Mu gritted his teeth and said, “Guild Master, you take the brothers and go first! I’ll take the Valiant Bravery Camp’s 100 people to hold them off!”
I nodded, “Brother, promise to meet me in Green Qilin Abyss, alive!”
Li Mu smiled, “Alright, brother, just because of what you’ve said, I will do all I can to make it back to Qilin Abyss alive. However, the prerequisite is that you have to take Chi Yu Han alive to Green Qilin Abyss. Don’t waste everyone’s efforts. Everyone’s hoping to get a lot of rewards from this quest!”
“Yup you got it!”
……
The number of players ahead of us was increasing steadily and I was starting to get more and more worried. The true enemy hasn’t even appeared yet. [Vanguard] will definitely try and interfere with this [Zhan Long] event. I just don’t know when Jian Feng Han plans on acting!
[] [] []

