
[]  []  []
Chapter 169 – Rainbow Cloak
Translated by: Nonnolly, GGP and Zdog!
Edited by: Sachin, Vk, NamelessEcon, Video and Kaylee!
Neighing, the Hun Emperor’s steed charged forward, knocking Dong Cheng Lei and Old K away. With two of its hooves raised high in the air, the steed stomped on me. Unexpectedly, the boss’ mount could attack like a pet. This boss’ artificial intelligence was abnormally high!
“Hua!”
Under the light of the sword, I hurriedly rolled over, desperately dodging the attack. The place I was standing before immediately became a pile of rubble. The Hun Emperor mounted his horse, holding his longsword once again and came in for the kill. A sound indicated that a chain attack had been activated!
I looked at my own health and realized Yuzi Chengshuo and Darling Duck’s [Heal]s were on cooldown. It was over!
I started to retreat quickly while using [Haste] and at the same time used a [Heal] to recover 900 points of my health. With my body bent, I thought, Come on, a battle to the death!
“Shua!”
A streak of red light flashed by me. Wan Er’s beautiful figure appeared in front of the boss’ and slid by. With a raised dagger, she successfully stabbed the boss, stunning it for 2.1 seconds!
“Don’t attack!”
Darling Duck yelled loudly, at the same time using [Hemostasis] to replenish my health. Little Wolf carrying his dagger rapidly retreated, moving out of the boss’ attack range. When facing a boss with such a high attack, the Assassin’s role was to attack once and then retreat after landing a stun. Otherwise, they wouldn’t even be able to withstand a single attack. Wan Er had the extra defense given by the steel umbrella and could perhaps withstand an attack by the boss, but Little Wolf definitely would not be able to. Not only was his armor not as good as Wan Er’s, his level was also lower, therefore he was being heavily suppressed by the boss.
After being healed to full health, I immediately attacked the Hun Emperor, retaliating with a Lv 6 combo using [Fierce Ice Blade] while simultaneously chugging down a Lv 6 Indigo Sea Pill. Constantly using a Lv 6 skill consumed way too much mana.
Not too far away, Dong Cheng Yue spread her pale fingers. With the sound “Snap”, [Thunderbolt Finger] activated and it consecutively landed on the boss three times. The setting of [Thunderbolt Finger] was to jump between multiple targets but for a single target; it could at most hit three times. This was quite confusing, but with Dong Cheng Yue’s intelligence, this definitely was not an issue.
The Hun Emperor was a heavy armor type boss, therefore [Thunderbolt Finger] caused a huge amount of damage. The three damage numbers made the others feel embarrassed–
1764!
1677!
1589!
……
“Bang!”
Dong Cheng Yue used spells at an abnormally fast rate. She cast the skill [Icicle] next, which largely reduced the movement speed and attack speed of the boss. Without her [Icicle], I would have died long ago.
“Dong Cheng, watch the amount of mana you have. Don’t deplete it, that would be embarrassing!” I shouted out.
Dong Cheng Yue giggled and pulled out a Indigo Sea Pill and ate it, saying, “Don’t worry, I almost have 9000 points in mana. It is sufficient enough for me to use, and my equipment has mana restoring effects as well. I shouldn’t end up depleting my mana.”
“That’s good then. Continue to concentrate on controlling the boss’ output!”
Even before I finished talking, I once again sustained a couple of hits. The Hun Emperor’s attack while on horseback was too high, making it hard for people to endure and once again he almost killed me in an instant. Darling Duck and Yuzi Chengshuo’s hearts almost stopped from fright.
……
“This won’t do!!”
Lin Wan Er, tightening her fist, gently said, “If this continues, the boss will definitely land a fatal strike, and then Li Xiao Yao will be doomed. The boss must be separated from the battle horse. This way, his attack will decrease by at least 30%!”
Matcha took a deep breath and said, “Beautiful Cang Tong, I have a plan. When the boss uses [Savage Jump Slash] again, you use [Gouge] to make the horse stay behind. Then the two defensive Tigermen can delay the mount. Dong Cheng Lei and Old K, you two heavy armor classes can kill the mount with Little Wolf’s help as well. Xiao Yao, Miss Dong Cheng Yue and you two Healers can continue finishing the main boss. I just checked that the mount only has 50000 health points, so it should be easy to take down. How does that sound? We get rid of the mount, then the boss, killing them one by one?”
Lin Wan Er laughed and nodded. “Sure, let’s use that tactic!”
……
A few seconds later, I left combat with the Hun Emperor. Once the distance increased between us, the trigger for [Savage Jump Slash]’s activation requirement would be met!
“Argh! Obstructing me is to go against the heavens!”
Liu Yuan yelled out in anger jumped up from his battle horse. In mid-air, his body streaked across in a curve. He suddenly dropped and landed a heavy blow with his longsword on my shoulder!
“Klang!”
3872!
I took one look at the damage number, and my heart froze. I’m dead!
“Swoosh!”
Yuzi Chengshou already predicted that I couldn’t withstand the attack. She immediately cast [Revive] to bring me back to life to continue to block the boss’ attacks. I ended up losing a level and had to pick up and equip the [Ice Fire Cloak] that I dropped. Damn it, being a tank really sucked. No matter if we all die or only I die, I’m always the first to lose a level!
“*Whimpering* …… Boss lost a level!” Matcha’ said sadly as she looked at me.
Lin Wan Er held onto her daggers as she charged the boss’ mount. In a low voice she said, “No problem, he can deliver the killing blow on the rest of the bosses. That way he should be able to recover most of the experience.”
“Yeah!”
Crimson light flashed by as Lin Wan Er stunned the battle mount with a [Gouge]. The two Tigerman pets started to tank the battle mount once they were summoned and right when the mount recovered from his stun, Lin Wan Er’s dagger slashed her own Tigerman’s forehead, resulting in a 300+ damage. At the same time, that got rid of all the aggro that had been accumulated on her and the battle mount’s [Charge] was interrupted because of the lack of a target. Instead it immediately started attacking the Tigerman. Besides the Tigerman, Dong Cheng Lei struck the battle mount directly with one [Flame Axe] and it lost over 2400 health–so powerful!
“I’m coming!”
Old K gripped his battle axe tightly and lowered his body. The nearby wind started to whistle as [Whirlwind Slash] was activated and he spun around like a large windmill. Right afterwards, a series of 5 damage numbers appeared from the battle mount’s body. Each strike was over 1000+! The total damage was close to 6000–really strong!
……
With the new tactic, the pressure on my end lessened greatly. After losing his battle mount, the Hun Emperor’s damage output drastically decreased. Even a critical blow wouldn’t kill me now.
After a few minutes, Hun Emperor felt that something was not right. He retreated while holding his sword and yelled out at the same time, “Mine …… where is my mount? Scarlet Turtle Mount, quickly return to me!”
Matcha’s eyes widened, “Not good, the boss is going to ride again. We must separate them, otherwise it is going to be a hard fight again!”
I quickly lowered my body and hit the ground with my fist, causing [Binding Chains] to be used!
“Swoosh!”
This time it wasn’t a miss; it snared HunEmperor at the original spot. His intention of searching for his battle mount was broken as Yuzi Chengshou smiled sweetly. “Good. Xiao Yao, your reaction speed is really quick, so we don’t need to be too concerned about fighting the boss anymore. It looks like we really did get much stronger. A Purple Tier boss can no longer beat us!”
Not even a minute later, Lin Wan Er’s dagger slashed down. With a neigh, the battle mount knelt onto the ground. Only the feeble boss was left.
……
“The first Lv 60 Purple Tier boss. Wonder what goodies it will drop ……” Darling Duck wishfully laughed.
I looked at my equipment and said, “I’m missing a pair of leg guards. My leg guards are still Silver Tier……”
Darling Duck was speechless, “Boss, your equipment is really weak……”
TL: Sarcasm….
Lin Wan Er spoke in a quiet voice, “Dong Cheng, stop attacking when the boss has 2% of his health left. Let Xiao Yao finish him off since he lost a level and so his loss was bigger than any of ours.”
Dong Cheng Yue nodded with a smile and said, “Don’t worry, I pamper him so much. Of course I will give it to him……”
Lin Wan Er was stunned. “Give him what…….”
Dong Cheng Yue chuckled and her face reddened, “My first time……”
“You guys, stop that ……” I said as I attacked the boss. “Dong Cheng, lower your head and look at the ground. Pick up your morals and principles that you just dropped. Besides your appearance, what part of you do you think looks like a 19 year old girl?”
Dong Cheng Yue smiled, “Everywhere. You just don’t know about it ….”
My face muscles twitched, “Continue this conversation after we kill the boss, ok?”
Dong Cheng Yue giggled and continued to deal damage.
……
Another 3 minutes passed by and the Hun Emperor’s booming roars became a whimpers for his life. There was not even 5% health left; soon he will die by my Frost Rain Sword.
Little Wolf held onto his dagger. While watching from afar, he laughed, “Hun minions killed countless of innocent people in ancient China….Getting revenge for them in this game feels so good!…..”
Old K smiled as he nodded his head. “If I were in the Han Dynasty, I would join the army. Follow Wei Qing to fight and conquer everywhere. For mainland China, I will sacrifice my life!”
TL: Common saying – Like I will defend Mother Russia or For Freedom!
Dong Cheng Lei also smiled. “I have a lot of strength. I would be an archer and shoot with great precision over long distances!”
I replied, “Guys, wake up ……”
……
The Frost Rain Sword started to tremble. A pillar of green light encircled my body as I felt powerful forces surge; it was going to be a fatal blow. The damage was added onto the [Wind Blade] strike!
2342!
After the blow, Hun Emperor finally lost all of his arrogance. He suddenly fell down onto the ground, his eyes bloodshot. Lifting his head, he stared at me. “I…I will never give up. You guys will never find Ran Min’s soul… You will not succeed!”
I promptly lowered my body and my sword flashed forward. “Ka Cha” sounded out as the Hun Emperor’s head flew off. I kicked his body away and at the same time, the boss exploded and all kinds of different items scattered onto the ground.”
“Hehee, we finished the Lv 60 boss …….” Matcha lightly laughed.
I walked forward and placed all the equipment that Hun Emperor dropped in front of everyone, one piece at a time. There were 4 pieces of equipment plus a skill book: a snow white cloak, a flaming red ring, dark golden leg guards, and a giant battle axe.
We looked at the cloak first. The attributes appeared with a wave of a hand –
【Rainbow Cloak】 (Purple Tier)
Defense: 240
Agility: +39
Endurance: +37
Extra: Increase user’s defense by 3%
Extra: Increase user’s magic resistance by 19%
Level requirement: 55
……
As I held up the Rainbow Cloak with my hand, it emitted a rainbow colored light. The cloak was a snow-white color. Shaking my head, I said, “Cloaks are not limited by any type of class such as heavy armor, leather armor, and cloth armor. This Rainbow Cloak is a Purple Tier equipment and very powerful. Us …. the 10 of us will all roll together to decide ownership? This will be fair and no one will complain. Come, let us roll!”
Everyone laughed as I opened the roll option and a dice appeared in front of everybody’s eyes!
“Pa Cha!”
I rolled first: 77 points!
Dong Cheng Yue also rolled: 81 points. It already insta-killed mine!
Little Wolf rolled 12 points, Old K rolled 54 points, Fox rolled 70 points, Matcha rolled 91 points, Yuzi Chengshuo rolled 22 points and finally Lin Wan Er’s rolled a 97. With her snow-white arm, she insta-killed everyone!
“Hehee, my luck isn’t too bad …..” Lin Wan Er took the cloak, then blinked as she looked at everyone. “Do I need to give out red envelopes? I have 10000G to split with everyone… Otherwise I will be the only one getting an equipment, it is awkward ……”
TL: Chinese tradition to give red envelopes with money on events (birthday etc.)
Dong Cheng Yue laughed, “Just equip it. When that guy Xiao Yao got the [Nebula Armor], he was very confident. Wan Er, you got it through a roll. Equip it!”
[]  []  []

