
[]  []  []
Chapter 38 – Meet Me at the Back Gate if You Dare!
This chapter was sponsored by Calvin Lieu, Wilfredo Santa Maria, John Gustavsson and Jorge Candray. Thanks!
7:30 in the morning.
Underneath the girl’s dorm, I waited patiently for Wan Er and Yue Er. I hadn’t slept all night and my body was reflecting it. I was shivering as I waited there while holding a book. Today’s lesson was on——ehh, I forgot it. I just randomly brought some books!
After a few minutes, two beauties came out the girl’s dorm and they seemed to glow in front of my eyes~
Wan Er was holding her books, while wearing a pink and white jacket. She also revealed her snow-white shoulders, making me light headed.
“What’s up?”
Wan Er walked up to me, and smiled, “Your eyes are so red, did you not sleep all night to level up?”
I nodded, “Yep. Miss, your eyes are really red as well, so you didn’t sleep either right? What’s your level now?”
Wan Er smacked her lips, and with a slightly arrogant tone she said, “Level 31 assassin, pretty strong eh?”
“Yep, that is pretty strong…”
Before disconnecting, I checked the leaderboard. Ba Huang City’s #1 player was still Yan Zhao Warrior, level 29. No matter how fast he tried to level up, Wan Er was already way past him. Also, the assassins Qing Qian and Wei Liang were only level 27. The level difference between them was very apparent.
“Let’s go to class…We can sleep then…”
“Yeah…”
……
The 3 of us went to class shoulder to shoulder and this time we didn’t sit arrogantly in the first row, but instead chose the middle rows. Wan Er and Cheng Yue sat near the wall, while I sat in the open, near the walkway. I took my Chinese textbook, put it in front of my face, and immediately went to sleep. Behind us, a group of boys were staring at the two beauties Wan Er and Cheng Yue. They wanted to come closer, but were afraid to so. So they could only watch from afar, while their hearts pumped like crazy.
As I was sleeping, I heard the bell. I raised my head and while still half-asleep and asked, “Time for lunch?”
On the side, Wan Er said without any expression, “Not yet. Only first period has passed…”
“Mm, then I’ll sleep for a bit more…”
“Mm.”
……
While hazily passing through the morning, I painfully waited for the 3rd period to end.
I stood up and did some stretching. Ahh, I felt a lot better now.
At the same time, loud noises came from outside the classroom.
“What’s that?” Wan Er asked surprisingly.
I shook my head, “I don’t know, it might be some random big shot coming from the school, I dunno…”
“Oh…Which big shot…”
Before she finished her sentence, a girl wearing a green T-shirt walked in front of the classroom. She was pretty beautiful and with good body proportions. Her face was fairly nice and it could be the daydream of many guys… I stood in the walkway of the classroom staring at her. It was not because of her beauty. It was because she seemed familiar…
“Who’s that?” A few boys behind me asked.
Glasses pushed his glasses up and with eyes of passion he said, “Xu Yue, a second year student in the business department, the department manager, and also in Liu Hua University’s top 10 beauties, she is 9th. She is indeed pretty…”
My body involuntarily shook. Damn, I had a bad feeling about this!
Indeed, Xu Yue walked straight up to me and stopped when we were half a meter apart. She stared at me and said with a cold voice, “You…You are Xiao Yao Zi Zai right?”
I took a deep breath, “What about it?”
Xu Yue laughed, “You brat, pretty arrogant huh!”
Behind her, a few more male students came in. A person wearing famous brands and a shiny gold watch came with them. It was the legendary Liu Ying, nicknamed as the most handsome person in this school.
Liu Ying walked up, put his hands on Xu Yue’s shoulders and stretcheed his head forward to give her a kiss on her face. He then looked at me and laughed, “Li Xiao Yao, lying dead in a cave, how do you feel?”
I responded, “Pretty good…”
The color of his face changed and he immediately got angry. Then he said, “You d*mn crap, I give you a bit of light and you just shine it in my face! Do you still want to play the hero? Let me tell you, Xu Yue is my woman. I don’t care whatever stupid dreams you have. Don’t even think of getting near Xu Yue. Look yourself in the mirror. Do you think you are good enough for her?”
I rubbed my mouth and seriously said, “Liu Ying, when did I ever say I wanted to get near Xu Yue? This person…she isn’t even my type. Spit whatever you wanted to say and don’t talk in riddles!”
Liu Ying’s face became even more twisted and he pointed at my nose, “What I want to say is very clear. You vermin, don’t even show your face in front of me. Xu Yue is my women and the likes of you shouldn’t even breathe the same air as she does. Clear enough for you? Only I can have this women, don’t even think about it you bastard!”
“…”
The students around us all went silent. Everyone seemed to think that I was going after Xu Yue and was found out. Even Glasses pushed his glasses and said, “Ah Li. You are pretty ambitious eh? You want to get your hands on this beauty…”
“……”
……
Right when I became speechless, I smelled a sweet fragment beside me. I didn’t know when Wan Er stood up, but she put her pulls onto my arms and snuggled her face in my shoulder, and smiled at Liu Ying, “Oh? Is he really not good enough for the likes of Xu Yue? I don’t think so. I think that Li Xiao Yao is a pretty good guy…”
After saying that, she sent me a glare and whispered, “Follow it up!!”
I stared blankly, but then I understand the situation. So I took hold her shoulder. I felt the smooth skin and it made me so happy i thought that I might faint..
“You!”
Liu Ying’s whole body shook. He wanted to come and taunt me at first, but he didn’t expect that Wan Er would retaliate with such tactics. Although Xu Yue was pretty, compared to Wan Er she was nothing. With the help of Wan Er, it was Liu Ying and Xu Yue’s turn to be speechless!
“You! Just you wait Li Xiao Yao!”
Liu Ying pointed at my nose and said, “Meet me at the back gate after school if you have the guts!”
After saying that, he took Xu Yue and angrily rushed out the classroom.
……
I stood there with a blank face. “Meet me at the back gate after school if you have the guts!” This sentence really brought me back to my primary school days…Those dreamlike times, ahh memories…
On the side, Wan Er glared at me and said, “What, you don’t want to let go anymore?”
I quickly released her hand, “Cough, Miss…”
Wan Er didn’t say anything. She sat back down and looked at her textbook. She raised her thin finger and smiled, “Today, you owe me one. Remember it…”
I sat back down as well and said in a low voice, “Mm, I will return this favor…”
……
Cheng Yue leaned on the desk and looked at Wan Er. Then she looked at me and smiled, “Wan Er, I think you were very brave just now~ You pull out a sword when you see injustice on the road. A beauty saving a coward~”
Wan Er bent over and laughed, while I scratched my nose, “Yue, don’t say things like that…”
Cheng Yue laughed and asked, “Xiao Yao, Liu Ying told you to come to the back gate after school. Are you going? Everyone is looking forward to the challenge…”
I pursed my lips, “Why should I go? His body is so weak because it has been destroyed by wine and beer. He can’t even take a punch. How can he possibly challenge me? I’m not going to bother…”
“Oh right, why does Liu Ying hate you? If I remember correctly, his ID is Tyrant of Western Chu and he’s even in a guild…”
“Mm, yesterday night, we PK’ed a bit…”
“Oh I see…”
Cheng Yue went online with her cellphone and looked at the forums. Suddenly she said, “Waa, Wan Er look! The first gold-ranked equipment has appeared and it’s a weapon as well——Jade City Sword! It’s the weapon for any sword wielder, like swordsman and knights. So it should be the most valuable out of all the weapons! I wonder who’s the lucky guy that got it. Hmm, the name has four characters…Hm… Who would it be…”
Wan Er lightly smiled, “How should I know, my ID is only two characters. Is it…Yan Zhao Warrior?”
TL:Warrior -> Peerless is two characters, Yan Zhao Peerless doesn’t work
“I doubt it…” Cheng Yue immediately denied it. “From 2013, the [Prague] guild had always been going downhill and Yan Zhao is trying his best to raise it back up. If he really got the sword. Then he would have shown his name, to spread his reputation. I doubt that he would miss this rare chance. Look, when he got the first bronze helmet, he revealed his ID…”
Wan Er suddenly looked at me and started to laugh.
I felt slightly sad and asked, “Oi, why did you laugh when you looked at me?”
Wan Er was still shaking from laughter and said, “I was just thinking…People like you would never have such good luck to get the [Jade City Sword], although your ID is 4 characters…”
“Hmph, wait til the day I show you [Jade City Sword]. That’ll surprise you eh?”
Wan Er straightened her body and looked at me with a tilted head and said, “Okay, I’ll see how you can possibly get the [Jade City Sword] to surprise me…”
“…”
……
Tick!
I got a message on my cell phone telling me that the 100 gold coins I put on sale had been bought by someone for 17 Yuan (~2.7 dollars) apiece. So I got a total of 1700 Yuan (~270 dollars). Just like that, my bank account had 15000 Yuan (~2400 dollars) now.
After eating lunch and escorting the two beauties back to their dorm. I called Song Han’s phone number——
TL: Song Han is part of the old Zhan Long team
“Oh Xiao Yao, what’s up? Something happened?”
“Yep, something happened. Do you know when the 2nd version of the <Destiny> helmets will be sold?”
“In about a week right? What about it?”
“I’m here at Liu Hua University’s north entrance. I need to give you something.”
“Okay, I’ll be there in 20 minutes!”
“Okay!”
……
After 20 minutes, a 10 year old electric motorcycle came rolling down. Song Han took off his bike helmet and smiled, “Xiao Yao, what’s the problem?”
I held out two plastic bags and gave it to him, “There’s 15 thousand Yuan here and you should have 5000 yourself. When the helmet is released, grab 2 of them!”
TL: Yeah, Xiao Yao put the money in plastic bags
“Ah! 15 thousand!”
Song Han started getting excited and his face went red, “I get one, K gets one, and all that’s remaining is Fox. Our Zhan Long group has some hope of reviving!”
I nodded, “Yep, when the helmets are released go buy them. Then find K and Fox. Hurry up and level up in the game or the level differences will be too high and it’ll be hard to revive our group.”
“Okay!”
After seeing Song Han leave, I relaxed. Well my mission was half way through. I needed to continue making money and rebuild Zhan Long!
……
[]  []  []

