
Chapter 626 Nation Supressing Sword
I was completely filled with sorrow. One dragon breath had already taken away more than half of my health. Thankfully, the dragon breath couldn’t be used limitlessly, which made me rejoice. The Blue Dragon Hilbert raised its head, and the dragon scales on its neck suddenly rose. A light blue coloured frost energy intensely rushed forth, and after about seven seconds later, it spat out its second dragon breath.
　　“24112！”
The damage was roughly the same, but my [Cleansing Rain], [Heal], and my Level 11 Potion had already brought my health back to normal. I didn’t think any more of it, and raised my Dragon Reservoir Sword. [Great Realm of Desolation] and [Seven Star Fragment Slash] were activated and I sent them over in a crisscross pattern. Simultaneously, I also set up an Azure Dragon Crossbow. After this, the Azure Dragon Crossbow’s attack was going to be the main damage dealer.
The blue dragon let out many cries of anger, and waved its sharp claws to tear apart the rock wall with a “Pa pa pa”. I slowly approached it, step by step. Once I let it attack me in close-combat, I would definitely die. I could only retreat back into the depths of the rock cave. The defense of the Hidden Dragon Armor had already stacked to 54%, but its BUFF was only for Physical Defense. The only thing that could help me resist against dragon breath was [Wall of Dou Qi] and [Frost Armor].
Hilbert was the master off this Magic Dragon’s Cave, and it was obvious how angry it was after being provoked. The entire bottom floor of the nest was shaking, as the enormous body of the blue dragon madly dug through the underground rock strata. I also seized every single possible chance to attack, and after about 30 minutes, Hilbert’s health had already dropped to 71%. However, this speed was still too slow. In just a short while, the players from [Hero’s Mound] and [House of Prestige] would undoubtedly have already cleared all the small monsters. By then, my already unfavourable situation would get even worse.
“Roar…”
As the dragon cried out, my health was constantly increasing and decreasing as I healed myself and got damaged. Finally, another 30 minutes passed. Hilbert could only attack me from a distance, and I could rely on [Blade Spin], [Great Realm of Desolation], the Azure Dragon Crossbow, and other long range skills, to attack it. If I was able to engage it in close combat, and it let me hack at it for 30 minutes, this BOSS would more or less die.
However, even if it was like this, the blue dragon had still lost all but 34% of its health. At that moment, I saw a group of [Hero’s Mound] players entering the deeper floor through the crack in the wall. Q-Sword urged his war horse over, and his eyes were filled with astonishment: “Heavens...the blue dragon only has 34% health left. Who...who is killing this BOSS?”
Tang Qi pointed his finger towards the depths of the stone cave, and said: “Someone brought the blue dragon into that rock cave, and is exploiting the terrain to seal the BOSS’s physical attacks! It must be like that!”
The beautiful lady Sword Tears asked: “Brother, what should we do now?”
Q-Sword’s gaze turned cold, “What more do we need to say? We have the bounty notice. Plus that Hilbert is the key to our rise ...Seventh Tang, bring people over to clear out the surrounding Blade Dragonmen. The rest of you, follow me. Use long range attacks to bring the Blue Dragon’s aggro over. Cang Cheng will be the Tank. This boss belongs to our [Hero’s Mound]. Once Hilbert comes over, the mysterious expert within the rock cave will naturally show himself. We can reach a conclusion then.”
Tang Qi nodded his head, “Understood. Also, it looks like the people from [House of Prestige] have arrived as well. It seems that we’ll undoubtedly have to share a part of the rewards. What should we do?”
Q-Sword slightly smiled, “We’ll kill the BOSS first. Ignore them, and turn on the game recording system. Once [House of Prestige] takes the initiative to attack us, then we’ll counter kill them.”
“Haha, guild leader is wise!”
　　……
At this moment, a bunch of magic, arrows, and bullets landed on Hilbert’s bum. Immediately, the Magic Dragon once again let out a miserable howl. It was basically ‘Misfortune never comes alone’. I clenched my teeth. In the end, Man proposes but God disposes. A single person killing Hilbert was already impossible. It seems that I also can’t come to an agreement with [Hero’s Mound] either.
Although the people from [Hero’s Mound] were completely focused on attacking, no one’s damage could exceed mine. And so, Hilbert continued angrily digging his way towards the depths of the rock cave. Five minutes passed in this deadlock. Hilbert’s health had dropped to around 6%, and it was finally incessantly angry. It raised its palm, activating his godly power, allowing [Holy Dragon Possession] to activate, causing its stats to explosively increase. 
I smirked. I only needed 1 more minute! Perhaps then, all of the experience from killing the BOSS would belong to me.
But just at this moment, I suddenly heard Q-Sword’s voice from the outside, “Give me a [Hundred Battles]! Let me try!
Raging flames surged forward, as Q-Sword’s [Fierce Tiger Burst], a Level 11 Combo activated. Sure enough, he instantly pulled the aggro of the Blue Dragon. Following that, Q-Sword continuously retreated, causing Hilbert to immediately abandon me. It turned around and twisted its long body, letting out an angry roar. It then charged towards Q-Sword. At the same time, it let out a [Dragon Breath Baptism], throwing a group of players from [Hero’s Mound] into a catastrophe, and they all were instantly killed.
Q-Sword retreated while raising his sharp blade, slashing at the enormous dragon. He loudly shouted: “Come, go invite the friend in the rock cave out!”
I couldn’t help but laugh, and urged my horse to charge outside, with my sword in hand. I laughed, “How could I dare to inconvenience the leader of [Hero’s Mound] to invite me out? I’ll come out by myself. However, I was the first one to battle with this dragon, and you guys are stealing it from me when I had damaged it to 30%. Aren’t you ignoring the rules too much here?”
I moved my arm, and the Ancient Tiger God within the magical formation let out a roar. I had already assumed a fighting stance. All righteousness and justice was fake here. In this game, the one with the strongest fists would be the one calling the shots. I also knew this simple reasoning.
Sure enough, Q-Sword slightly laughed, and replied: “That won’t do, our [Hero’s Mound] has gone through untold hardships just to come here and kill this Magic Dragon. Xiao Yao Zi Zai, even though you attacked this BOSS first, we still want it. Otherwise, I’d have no way of explaining myself to my brothers!”
Jian Han held the sword in his hands, and suddenly urged his war horse forward as he shouted, “Knights, follow me and charge! Slaughter Li Xiao Yao! After all, leaving him here would be a disaster!”
A cold gaze also appeared in Q-Sword’s eyes: “Li Xiao Yao, I’m sorry to be unfair, but only one power can have the right of killing this Blue Dragon Hilbert!”
I urged my horse to run forward following the side of the rock wall to avoid the attacks, and laughed: “If you have guts, come and kill me!”
As I said that, I suddenly pulled the reins on my war horse. Immediately, three Swordsmen from [Hero’s Mound]’s main guild charged into the rock wall. I raised my hand and let out a [Seven Star Fragment Slash]. The Ancient Tiger God used [Burstfire Raid], and the three Swordsmen uniformly fell to the ground and died. At the same time, I turned around and charged towards the Blue Dragon. I opened up my hands, and used [Great Realm of Desolation] to continue my attacks towards the BOSS. Only if I did it like this could I have all the rights to the killing of the BOSS.
I hurriedly charged forward, and there were a few Knights in front of me. In the instant that we were about to collide, I lowered my body, and used [Blade Rush] to instantly move forward 5 yards. I binded a Mage within the crowd with [Binding Chains], and activated [Assault]!
“Swoosh!”
The speed of the Flying Scythe War Horse explosively increased, and swept over the crowd like a bolt of lightning. I loudly rammed against the body of the Mage, causing the surrounding Archers and Musketeers to be dumbstruck. They had never thought that I would still brazenly charge through their frontline when I was being attacked by all sides. In that one second that the other party was stunned, I raised my arms, causing my Dou Qi to explosively rise. [Sword Tempest] activated in but an instant, slaughtering 17 people near me!
Q-Sword angrily let out a low shout, but he had to personally pin down the attacks of Hilbert, so he could only angrily shout: “Seventh Tang, Stun the BOSS! Quickly, it isn’t too late to kill Li Xiao Yao after killing the BOSS!
Originally, Tang Qi also didn’t feel like making a move against me. He had been holding his paper fan, walking around me. He didn’t use the [Hexagram] in his hands, and was delaying it, making Jian Han so angry that he nearly wanted to rage quit. But after hearing Q-Sword’s command, this brat turned around and used [Hexagram]. With a “Bang”, he stunned the Blue Dragon Hilbert. His hit rate truly wasn’t bad. 
I carefully looked at Hilbert’s health, and simultaneously paid attention to my own health. This group of Mages didn’t seem to be human, and were continuously releasing [Lightning Eagle Wave] and [Lullaby]. If I was even bogged down for a second, I would definitely be put to sleep.
I looked at the BOSS’s health drop bit by bit, and my heart had also gone up into my throat——
　　“4%！”
　　“3%！”
　　“2%！”
　　“1%！”
In the moment that Hilbert’s health dropped to 1%, I felt a sudden wave of lethargy hit me, as I was actually hit by [Lullaby]. My heart immediately turned cold, I was screwed!
However, it was at this moment when a [Scattered Shot] landed on my back, waking me up from the [Lullaby]. Mother, the Mages from [Hero’s Mound] probably didn’t think that they could put me to sleep.
[Seven Stars Teleportation]!
I suddenly activated the [Mohist Five Scrolls], causing the Ursae Majoris to appear under me. It The Blue Dragon Hilbert’s neck was positioned at the exact position, and Q-Sword was only 3 metres away from me! 
I moved my blade, and suddenly let out a low shout. The Dou Qi in my body bubbled forth, and I activated the fifth advancement skill——Ice Domain!
“Bang!”
The frost shock wave engulfed the surroundings, directly freezing everyone. It continued for 3 seconds. Only, a MISS appeared on top of Q-Sword’s head. His stats were too good, and his resistance towards my skills also far exceeded the remaining people.
I directly slashed my my blade outwards, and Q-Sword’s attack was abnormally simple. With a “Keng”, his landed on my shoulder. I withstood his attack, and turned around, dealing a heavy attack on the body of the BOSS. I turned around and used another chain of skills. Immediately, the Blue Dragon Hilbert finally died after letting out a wailing howl!
“Swoosh!”
Level 115!
However, at this moment, Q-Sword’s [Afterglow Slash] suddenly landed on my back, stunning me for 1.5 seconds. Ordinary attacks continuously flashed out, and the Flying Scythe War Horse finally couldn’t withstand the concentrated chain of attacks, and disappeared after letting out a wail. In the instant that my Yuan Rong’s Combat Boots landed on the ground, I immediately rolled towards the corpse of the enormous dragon. 
I stretched my hand out, grabbing the equipment that the BOSS dropped. It unexpectedly only dropped one piece of equipment, which was a long sword that emanated a blood red luster——the Nation Suppressing Sword, a Level 110 Demon Harvest weapon!
I didn’t give a second thought to it, and immediately equipped this Nation Suppressing Sword. I quickly activated [Haste] and rushed forward. Then, with three cuts, I sliced off Hilbert’s head. I caught it and threw it into my bag. However, Q-Sword appeared behind my back like a shadow, and had a faint smile on his face, “Li Xiao Yao, are you expecting us to just accept everything here without  question?”
My gaze swept across my health bar. I only had 20000+ health left. But as long as I fight Q-Sword off for a bit and find dense undergrowth, I’ll be able to hide in it. There was at least a 40% chance of me succeeding! 
I immediately made a firm decision, and raised my sword, charging towards Q-Sword with my Ancient Tiger God.
　　……
“Hei…”
Q-Sword looked at me, and had a faint smile at the corners of his mouth. He seemed to have a calm confidence, and that calm made me feel somewhat uneasy.
　
