
[]  []  []
Chapter 85 – Mind Reading
This chapter was sponsored by Estela Pérez and William Wang!
In the Valley of the Everlasting Wing, a chilling wind swept through everything.
Under a huge tree, the General of Everlasting Wind’s corpse still hadn’t refreshed yet but the [Vanguard] players had already left. On the equipment ranking, a new weapon took the top spot, it was the sole Purple-Tier weapon – Heavenly Plan Sword. Its overall stats were about 4 times the stats of the next best weapon. Most infuriating, the owner of Heavenly Plan Sword had put his name next to the equipment, it was Jian Feng Han.
Shua!
I revived and with my Jade City Sword, I appeared next to the General of Everlasting Wind’s corpse. Li Mu, Wang Jian and the other four also revived. There shouldn’t be any danger here anymore; Jian Feng Han was someone who tried to keep up a good appearance so he wouldn’t camp or try to kill us. He was a joker, even when I killed him, he had an innocent appearance and it was this innocent appearance that made those [Vanguard] players turn on us.
……
Sitting on a huge rock, I said: “Let’s discuss what we’re going to do from now on…”
Li Mu sat in front of me and said: “Xiao Yao, you should probably know this. Me, Wang Jian and Bai Qi were high school and college classmates. We just graduated two years ago so we still keep in contact. Lian Po is a friend that I know and he has been involved in virtual reality games for a long time so he decided to join the General Family…”
I smiled: “I’m envious of you guys!”
Li Mu continued: “Since we’ve decided to play this game, we might as well do it with a bang. We want to realize a dream, a dream of being respected by everyone. It might seem a little silly but we want to create a guild, even if it isn’t the best guild in the game, it should at least be one of the top guilds. For our four helmets, we saved money for three entire months, our studio’s rents are backed up pretty far too….”
Wang Jian: “Boss, stop…”
Li Mu smiled: “It’s fine, Xiao Yao is one of us.”
“…”
Li Mu: “Therefore, what I want to say….since it’s like this, Xiao Yao, why don’t you join our General Family and fight with us, wouldn’t that be better for you?”
I paused before raising my head: “For now, I’m not considering in joining any guild.”
“Mm, we won’t force you.” Li Mu laughed: “Let’s talk about what going to happen next. I looked at our fight with the General of Everlasting Wind and I feel like with you, Xiao Yao, killing bosses shouldn’t be too hard. All we need are some high leveled healers and mages. I plan to fight a boss within the next three days. We’ll invite you to be the tank, we’ll use an employer-employee system. We only want the Guild Creation Tablet, the other equipment that the Boss drops will go to you.”
I couldn’t hold back a smile: “It’s fine…”
Lian Po sat up, startled: “Xiao Yao, you don’t plan to help us?”
I shook my head: “No no no, as long as you guys ask, I’ll definitely come. But, I don’t need any compensation when I help with the boss. I’ll just take the equipments that I need and the rest go to you guys.”
“Alright, it’s a deal?” Li Mu excitedly said.
I looked at his level and smiled: “Yup, we should hurry and level. When Wang Jian and Liao Po’s level get to 40, we can start fighting the bosses.”
“Sure, we’ll get there tonight!”
“Alright! Let’s friend each other to keep in contact!”
“Sure!”
……….
I watched Li Mu and his group leave and then looked at my own equipment and level. I was at level 40 with 47% experience. It was not bad since even though I lost two levels, I was somewhat close to level 41. All I lost was a Glowing Ring but to trade that for four friends, it was definitely worth it. Equipment, as I long as I was still alive, I could find more equipment.”
What should I do next? Continue leveling or….
I paused and thought about it for a second before I decided to go to Dragon City.
Out of the Fire Stone Canyon, I headed straight to Dragon City. At the edge of Dragon City, I stopped by to say hi to Beast Trainer Dalin. Afterwards, when I began to leave, he closed eyes and fell asleep immediately. I wish I could be like him.
Standing at the end of the Ice Spine, I looked up and saw thousands of miles of snowy mountains and my goal, the Dragon’s Tomb, was on the other side of this mountain. This was going to be tough, dammit!
Step by step, I started climbing the mountain. My level 40 strength wasn’t too shabby so as my Jade City Sword plunged into the side of the mountain, I got to the top of the mountain in 15 minutes.
Standing at the top of the mountain, I looked down and found the Dragon’s Tomb shrouded in a dull glow. In addition, above the Dragon’s Tomb seemed to be an invisible dome which prevented snowflakes from falling through and also made the Dragon’s Tomb seem like it was in the fall. Where did this dome come from? Maybe it was the legendary dragon’s spirit….
I jumped down the mountain and slid down into the Dragon’s Tomb. Far away, the stone door entering into the tomb was shut tightly and my teacher – Dragon Tomb’s guardian Karl was resting within the tomb. Even when I knocked, no one answered…
…..
At this time, a Ti! sound appeared and a message came from Cang Tong who was Lin Wan Er: “Li Xiao Yao, how did your Boss fight go?”
“We defeated it…but there wasn’t a Guild Creation Tablet, you guys?”
Looked like Lin Wan Er didn’t know what happened after we killed the Boss.
“We also defeated the boss, the level 55 Gold Tier Boss isn’t too scary. We finished the job after 40+ players died…”
“Then I’ll congratulate [Hero’s Mound]…”
“Congratulations? We didn’t get the Guild Creation Tablet….” In Wan Er’s icon, she pursed her lips and smiles: “It’s already 3 pm and me and Dong Cheng are both tired after fighting that boss. Let’s go to the school’s cafe and relax. We’ll be having a lot of Boss fights from now on and the atmosphere in the game is so heavy now…”
“Sure, wait for me downstairs.”
“Sure, come quickly…”
“Yup!”
……
I raised my head and looked at the stone door, dammit … If that old geezer didn’t want to see me, then I would go to Wan Er. Near Wan Er I could always look at her, which was a pretty good luxury and after Wan Er and I had been together for some time, she was slowly beginning to become nicer to me instead of being savage like the first time we met. Was her scar of me seeing her in the company slowly disappearing?
After lunch, at about 3 pm, the warm autumn sun shone into the schoolyard and filtered through the scattered trees. Stepping through the trees’ shadows, I arrived at the girls’ dorm and found Lin Wan Er and Dong Cheng Yue already waiting for me. The girls were wearing such refreshing clothes. Lin Wan Er was wearing a short skirt and high heeled sandals. Her snow white legs caused the surrounding male students’ imagination to run wild. Even the female students could not help but glance at them.
“Xiao Yao!”
Dong Cheng Yue walked over while laughing and said: “You really are the most famous person in Ba Huang City right now….”
My heart skipped a beat. Damn it. I did not know that the news of what happened at the Valley of Everlasting Wind and Jian Feng Han becoming my enemy would spread so quickly. These two girls must already know.
Lin Wan Er’s eyes swept up and down my body while she smiled and said: ”No need to guess. Before Dong Cheng and I went offline, we looked at the forums. It’s really a shame. The Purple-Rank Heavenly Plan Sword just brushed by, or else you would’ve be one of the top combat players in the heavy armor classes in the China server.”
I pursed my lips: “If I got it, I would be happy, if I don’t have it, I won’t die. I’ve gotten over it…”
“Haha, Let’s go. I want to go to a cafe”
“Ok”
A few minutes later, we sat down at the newly open cafe. It was relatively quiet with soft music playing.
Lin Wan Er sipped her coffee and pushed her phone in front of me. Smiling, she said: ”See this? It’s Jian Feng Han’s post. I feel that you should leave Ba Huang City for a while.”
I looked at the cell phone. On it was one of Destiny’s website forums. In a large red post, it said:
[Ba Huang City] Apologizing to Xiao Yao Zi Zai and the four members of the General’s Family! (Post Owner: Jian Feng Ha)
Content: Today, in the fight at the Valley of Everlasting Wind, with the help of Xiao Yao Zi Zai and four members from the General’s Family, we, [Vanguard], defeated a level 55 Purple-Tier Boss. Even though a Guild Creation Tablet did not drop, the first Purple-Tier equipment in the entire server dropped. It was a level 55 Heavenly Plan Sword with an upper attack of 775 and increases attack damage by 4.5%. Maybe it was a misunderstanding but Xiao Yao Zi Zai thought that the sword belonged to him and thus PKed [Vanguard] members. Xiao Yao Zi Zai and the four Generals died after killing dozens of [Vanguard] players. I, Jian Feng Han, am not one to hide things, moreover, I don’t like to pick on weaker players, let alone friends. So I’d like to apologize to Xiao Yao Zi Zai and the four Generals here. Hopefully you can forgive the [Vanguard] players who retaliated after you killed our [Vanguard] friends. We’re still friends and hopefully, after you calm down, we can get together. A cup of wine resolves thousands of grudges, so friends don’t leave any scars between each other. Hopefully you guys can contact me and [Vanguard] will always be your friend!
……
Peng!
I smashed the table and Lin Wan Er and Dong Cheng Yue’s drinks shook violently. I struggled to keep control my anger. Keeping the corners of my mouth lifted, I smiled and say: “Haha, how interesting….”
Actually, in my mind, I had already cursed Jian Feng Han to hell, man, screw his and his whole family…One of these days, I was going to get my revenge! Just wait and see!
Lin Wan Wan stared at me, as if she had a mysterious power that could make people intoxicated, She laughed and said: ”Experienced the vicious side of people? If you want to curse then you should just curse, there’s no need to curse his whole family…”
Stunned, I raised my head and looked at Lin Wan Er. How did 34D know exactly what I was thinking?
Lin Wan Er saw me looking at her and her cheeks turned a shade of pink. She bit her lip: “What are you thinking?”
“I….”
I didn’t know what to say, so I gulped down a big mouthful of coffee. Again, I looked over at Lin Er Wan. What a scary girl. Could she really see what I was thinking?
Dong Cheng Yue glared at me with her beautiful eyes, smiled and said: “Xiao Yao, Have you ever heard of a kind of inherent ability called Mind Reading?”
My body trembled. “Wan Er, you couldn’t possibly…?”
Lin Wan Er giggled. Her laughter sounded like the spring wind blowing over a frozen pond. Smiling, she said: ”I was only guessing. Do you really believe there is such thing as Mind Reading?”
I stared at her in disbelief.
Lin Wan Er looked at her phone, “You should post your side of things. Or are you not planning to fight back?”
[]  []  []

