
Chapter 637 Enchanted Painting
“Roar…”
Mu Lun roared, and a terrifying purple energy rose up around us. Instantly, almost 20 [Zhan Long] players, along with me, received a Fear status. After being afflicted with Fear, my body involuntarily retreated, making me lose the aggro of the BOSS. The BOSS immediately activated [Thousand Sword Spin]. One Second Hero, Star Blade, and some other people immediately died under the barrage of swords.
“Hurry..…”
Matcha was anxious as she raised her shield and retreated. At the same time, she shouted, “Purify Boss!”
Two Healers activated their [Purification]’s on me, but unfortunately, they both MISSed. [Purification] couldn’t remove the de-BUFF effect of [Eternal Fear] . Qing Qian held her dagger as she charged over. She opened her palm, and used [Awakening]!
“Swoosh!”
It was a success this time, and the negative status effect on me instantly disappeared. I hastily urged my horse to charge at Mu Lun, while I continuously slashed at him, redirecting the aggro back to me. Thousand League Spring started to revive Star Blade. A white light flashed and he was successfully revived. However, Mu Lun was immediately pulled over by the enormous amount of aggro caused by a revive. He waved his blade and sent a [Reincarnation Slash] at Star Blade.
“No, don’t let Star Blade die again!” I hastily shouted.
Matcha’s reaction this time was surprisingly quick, and she smashed her heavy shield into the ground. She opened up a hand, and a holy light emanated off her body. Her long sword dealt a heavy blow on the BOSS’s back, and [Divine Provocation] was activated. Mu Lun let out an angry howl, and sent a killing blow towards our godly tactician however, I brought the Ancient Tiger God along with me to attack the BOSS and control its aggro. It allowed Matcha to escape with only a little bit of difficulty!
“Roar roar…”
Mu Lun was a Demon Harvest BOSS, so one could imagine his strength. He threw slashes of sword qi into the wall, and his stomps left fiery marks in the ground. [Zhan Long] changed its battle tempo according to the BOSS’ changes. A quick change in tactics didn’t mess up the formation of our troops. This was the pinnacle strength that a guild could have. Even if we were fighting a Demon Harvest Tier BOSS, we could use the strength of a hundred people to directly contend with it.
　　……
“Keng keng keng…”
A stream of sparks streaked across Mu Lun’s chest plate. When the BOSS only had 1% of his health left, Wan Er hurriedly retreated, and said: “Let Xiao Yao kill the BOSS, his charm is high, and his chances of good drops are way higher than ours!”
The close combat type players all retreated. Dancing Forest, Dong Cheng, and the other long-distance players also stopped attacking. I withstood the hits from the BOSS as I was showered by the light from [Purification]. I activated [Strength of a Thousand Men]+[Great Realm of Desolation] to deal lots of damage, and Mu Lun collapsed after letting out an anguished wail. In that moment, I was enveloped by a golden light as I levelled up with a “Swoosh”. I was Level 117 now, and I was second place in the Tian Ling City’s level rankings.
In the place where Mu Lun collapsed, a bunch of equipment dropped out with a crash. My luck wasn’t bad; a total of 4 pieces of equipment had dropped. I walked over and collected it all, and then waved my hand over the equipment. The stats of the 4 equipments appeared before everyone’s eyes--
[Icy Flame Spear] (Divine Tier Equipment) : Attack 2900-4250, increases the user’s attack by 37%, ignores the target’s defense by 30%, Required: Level 111.
[Torrential Leg Guards] (Divine Tier Equipment) : Heavy Armor type players only, increases the user’s defense by 35%, Special Effect: [Torrential Current] reduces damage by 10%, Required Level 111.
[Ring of the Virtuous] (Divine Tier Equipment) : Increases the user’s Magic Attack by 40% and the user’s MaxHP by 4000 points, and the user’s defense by 1000 points, Special Effect: [Halo of the Virtuous] Increases the mana recovery rate of all friendlies in the area around the user by 0.5%, Required: Level 111.
[Disillusionary Blade] (Saint Tier Equipment) : Attack 2500-3680, increases the user’s attack by 30% and the user’s one hit kill success rate by 7%, Required: Level 111.
　　……
Holding up the four pieces of equipment, I couldn’t help but laugh, “My luck isn’t bad, 3 out of 4 were Divine Tier Equipments...too bad there weren’t any Demon Harvest Equipments. It’s truly a pity…”
Dong Cheng broke into laughter, “Do you think Demon Harvest Tier Equipments are some rubbish that you can find anywhere? Don’t forget, there are only 10000 pieces of Demon Harvest Equipments in the entire server, don’t tell me that you’ve forgotten that number 0007 is your Dragon Reservoir Sword? To be honest, getting the Earth Dragon King to drop a Demon Harvest Tier Nation Suppressing Sword is absurd already. Your luck really can’t get any better than that…”
I sighed, “What a pity, it was taken away by Q-Sword…”
Ran Min clenched his fist and said, “No problem, our brothers will steal it back, sooner or later!”
I laughed, “Don’t say such crazy ideas. We should first distribute the equipments.  The Icy Flame Spear is an exclusive weapon for a Knight. Come, all the Knight type players in the team should ROLL for it together?
A group of people happily rolled for it. This time, basically all of the knights present participated in the ROLL. Finally, [Zhan Long: Defense Army]’s Guild leader, beauty Yue Yao Yan, won the Icy Flame Spear with 88 points in the ROLL. At this stage in the game, a Divine Tier Weapon was still considered to be a peak level equipment. Adding 4250 points of attack, it was a weapon that few others could rival. 
The second piece of equipment, the Torrential Leg Guards, was a Divine Tier Equipment and it was quite a bit better than my Halberd Wielder’s Leg Guards. I also participated in the ROLL, but I unfortunately only got 37 points. Finally, it was taken away by Moon Feather. That was a pretty good outcome. If the strength of every individual person increased, then it would lead to an overall increase in our [Zhan Long]’s strength. After all, in the coming battles, every single person here would be relied upon to charge and break through the enemy’s front lines. If they were strong, [Zhan Long] would be even stronger. The era of a single person taking on an entire army was already long gone.
The third piece of equipment, the Ring of the Virtuous, had the [Halo of the Virtuous] that was very impressive. The increase in magic attack alone was enough to make it very attractive. It was ROLLed away to the number 3 Mage in [Zhan Long], “Right Hand Will Dance”. He was the guildmaster  of [Zhan Long: Division Four], and he had also joined in with the main guild’s activity this time. His strength was not bad, and he was one of the necessary long range attackers for the upcoming team battle.
The last piece of equipment, the Disillusionary Combat Knife was ROLLed away to the only Monk that was chosen for this 100 man group, “Devotion to Buddha”. In reality, there was no ROLL, since he was the only person that fit the requirements. It was equivalent to us giving it to him. Devotion to Buddha was a handsome youngster. He was roughly 20 years old, and came from Xinjiang. He was pretty skilled, and was well-liked by the sisters in the guild. I felt that if it was not for people like Li Mu and Wang Jian watching, there would definitely be sisters trying to touch his bald head and flirt with him. After all, a pure and innocent Buddhist monk was something that girls would like.
　　……
After we finished splitting the equipment, I split the remaining items. After that, I looked at the paved pathway in front of me, and the 8th floor was just a hundred meters away. I saw a  precarious winding staircase located on the wall just to the right of us. And so, I sheathed my twin swords, and leapt off my mount. I extended my hand to grab a protruding rock, and said: “Let’s go to the eighth floor. There are still two more floors, let’s do this everyone!”
Wan Er and Dong Cheng followed me, while Li Mu, Wang Jian, Qing Qian, and the others organised themselves into a line to scale the rock wall. Some Mages and Healers felt that it was especially difficult to do it, as their palms were burnt whenever they grabbed onto the protruding rocks. Pangu’s Abyss got hotter and hotter as you went down the floors. It was practically hotter than a steamer basket*. The Healers and Mages had a weaker physique, but fortunately, the players on the team who had these jobs all had high levels, so they could manage.
*TL Note: A type of steamer used to make dimsum
The thick smoke pervaded the surroundings, practically obscuring everyone’s field of vision. I was very slow in moving forward, since I was also paying attention to the other player’s safety. As the guildmaster of this guild, I couldn’t simply let everyone be the cannon fodder for me to ascend to the throne. As a person, I should have a clear conscience. Since we entered Pangu’s Abyss, I had to be responsible for everyone as the guild leader.
“Brother Xiao Yao!”
Wolf gripped his dagger and climbed the rock wall; He resembled a nimble monkey. He called out from the distance, “I just got some news, when [Prague] was grinding the Firestone Canyon, a Demon Harvest Tier helmet dropped, and it’s with Yan Zhao Warrior now…”
“Oh?” I was slightly stunned. I laughed, “Uncle Yan Zhao’s luck is not bad, actually getting a Demon Harvest Equipment so fast…”
Wolf nodded his head and said: “Yup. However, they had to pay an extremely heavy price. Yan Zhao Warrior died twice, and his subordinates died a total of 700+ times. It was a Level 118 Demon Harvest Tier BOSS, and it almost wiped out the thousand man team that Yan Zhao Warrior brought. It was really brutal. The battle recording is already on the forums.”
Me, “Ok.”
General Li Mu was carefully climbing while chatting, “There’s also the situation of Tian Ling City. In the Hero’s Arena in Tian Ling City’s East Plaza, quite a few champions have already been switched out. Just now, a female player called “Enchanted Painting” had been standing in the arena stage since morning until now. She’s consecutively defeated Little Scholar, Jing Ke, Bai Li RuoFeng, Blue Dragon Emperor, Ai Ye, Ji Yuan, and others.”
I was startled, “Enchanted Painting? I don’t believe I’ve ever heard of this person before this. What happened? Even Little Scholar, Jing Ke, and the others lost to her? She’s not simple…”
Wang Jian replied, “Brother Xiao Yao, do you know what combat style Enchanted Painting used?”
“I don’t know, what is it…” I blankly shook my head.
“Pulse Break Style!”
　 
“What?” I was even more stunned.
　 
Wang Jian said, “Enchanted Painting’s current ranking in the Tian Ling City Rankings isn’t that high, and she’s only ranked 1127 on the China’s CBN Battlenet Rankings. She’s not even higher than Little Wolf, One Second Hero, and the others…”
Wolf  immediately protested, “Fxck, don’t use me as a comparison…”
Wang Jian laughed, and continued, “However, I’ve just gotten the first-hand information on Enchanted Painting. Her background isn’t simple at all...she’s one of the four elders of [Legend], and she’s mastered roughly 30% of the essence of the Pulse Break Style. Her success rate in skill interruptions has reached 41% in battle. You must know that in terms of statistics, Q-Sword’s success rate in skill interruptions has only reached 28% during these past few days.”
I clenched my teeth, “Just what is the background of this Enchanted Painting?”
Wang Jian laughed, “It’s not quite clear who she definitely is, but someone leaked some information that she’s Little Demon’s younger cousin.”
　　“……”
Wang Jian continued speaking: “She’s still in the Tian Ling City’s arena, announcing that she’s going to beat all the experts from Ba Huang City and Fan Shu City. She’s also openly challenging Q-Sword, Jian Feng Han, as well as...cough, as well as Brother Xiao Yao. She said that she’s not going to go offline before 12 o’clock, and that she’s accepting the challenges of any expert. Motherf*cker, this girl is too awesome…”
Wan Er looked towards me and slightly laughed: “Are you gonna take up her challenge?”
I looked towards the ground of the 8th floor, and said, “I’ll still avoid it for now. When I’ve finished clearing Pangu’s Abyss, maybe this Enchanted Painting will have already been defeated by Q-Sword or Jian Feng Han!”
“Yup, let’s just see what happens after we’ve cleared Pangu’s Abyss. Enchanted Painting has [Legend]’s Fang Ge Que as her support, it seems like...after Fang Ge Que lost Little Demon, he had already planned to nurture Enchanted Painting as the number one close combat expert of [Legend]. It seems like Lu Chun Yang and Xuan Yuan Feng are going to lose favour now…”
“Haha!”
　　……
