
Chapter 645 Retrieving Some Face
"Keng keng keng", three continuous quick attacks were unleashed. It was a Direct Stab+Horizontal Sweep+Direct Stab, those were the first three attacks of [Absolute Authority]. Sparks flew from Enchanted Painting’s armor, and a few damage numbers popped up--
“3718！”
“4212！”
“4481！”
Within an instant, Enchanted Painting’s health plummeted and was getting dangerously close to the bottom. However, at that moment, her hand shot out like lightning as she raised her left fist. "Keng" the steel cone parried Li Mu’s blade. Simultaneously, she raised her broadsword with her right hand, and forcefully knocked away Li Mu's sword. The big words "Successful skill Break" flew into the air. Just like that, Li Mu’s combo was broken.
After the skill break, there was approximately 0.2 second stun period, causing Li Mu to stand there blankly. Enchanted Painting wasn't polite at all, and threw [Break Armor Slash]+[Thunderclap Slash] at once, instantly bringing Li Mu to low health.
"Sh*t..."
Li Mu hastily downed a Level 11 health potion as he quickly retreated. 
Then, Enchanted Painting smiled as energy surged below her feet. It was also a combo!
"Peng!"
The energy dispersed the surrounding dust, and a green coloured "S" flew out. Following that, four bloody words, "[Gorgeous Charm Dance]" appeared on Enchanted Painting’s thigh and evaporated. This was the new effect of combos after the new update was launched. Furthermore, it was a way of telling that the skill was an S tier [Combo]. There was only one tier difference between that and my [Strength of a Thousand Men]. Only then, did I truly feel how dangerous this woman was. Even if she only had 30% of Little Demon's understanding towards the Pulse Break Style, she was already this terrifying.
[Gorgeous Charm Dance]'s first 2 strikes were a Direct Stab+Horizontal Sweep. Dou Qi surged forth from her broadsword, once again cutting down Li Mu's health. However, Li Mu managed to take advantage of a small crack to escape from the opponent's attack trajectory. 
However at that moment, something none of us would ever expect happened. Enchanted Painting suddenly bent down, exposing a pair of snow white peaks in her chest. The deep canyons were incredibly charming. Furthermore, she also let out an orchid-like breath, as well as giving a coquettish glance towards Li Mu. Immediately, Li Mu's bones went soft, and he couldn't help but walk towards Enchanted Painting. However, what arrived for him was actually two rapid slashes, as [Gorgeous Charm Dance]'s 4th and 5th strikes landed. The last strike was even completed with a [Flame Slash]. That one attack alone was enough to cut down Li Mu's remaining 12000 health, killing him!
"Swoosh!"
Li Mu collapsed on the ground and his body was sent outside the Arena, signifying his loss. 
Wang Jian was stupefied, "This...This is too strong..."
One Second Hero laughed, "Li Mu, you brat, why did you get charmed by her flashing? That's just a C Cup at most, you shouldn’t have been that enchanted?"
Li Mu glared at him as he replied: "F*ck you! That combo’s third strike was [Charm], did you actually think that I lost control?"
Wolf replied, "That Enchanted Painting’s judgement and control is extremely precise. You can't underestimate her.....I feel like my chances of victory against her are less than 20%. I’m not going up. Wang Jian, why don't you try?"
Wang Jian shook his head, "Even the boss lost. If I went up, it would just be the same. Boss's equipment and controls are not any worse than mine. I feel that...it's still better for Brother Xiao Yao to go up. Only you have over a 60% chance of winning!"
I clenched my teeth, and raised my hand to unsheathe the Dragon Reservoir Sword. As the guildmaster of [Zhan Long], I had to regain some face for my brothers, otherwise, [Zhan Long] would have no respect left in Tian Ling City.
But at that moment, a soft hand suddenly grabbed my wrist. Wan Er pursed up her lips and laughed, and said, "The skill that Li Xiao Yao just practiced should be left until the Hero's Wings tournament to fight against the main teams of [Hero's Mound], [Legend], and [Vanguard], and not wasted here. As for this Enchanted Painting, let me go see how strong she is!" 
Dong Cheng also laughed, "Yup. If you look at [Zhan Long], Li Xiao Yao and Wan Er are the strongest. If Wan Er goes up, it'll be the same result. Furthermore...if a beautiful girl goes up to fight against another beautiful girl, then it’ll be even more pleasing to the eyes!"
Li Mu nodded, "Then, please be careful, vice-guild leader. Her combo is extremely strong!"
Wan Er slightly laughed, as her face went red: "I'm a girl, so I'm immune, ok?"
Me: "..."
Li Mu: "..."
……
Enchanted Painting stood on the Arena stage, and she laughed, "Is there really no one left that wants to challenge me?" The prize pool has already reached 330000...Hurry up, my mom is asking me to go back and eat!"
Right at that moment, Wan Er held her dagger and walked forward. She pressed her left hand on the edge of the arena and leapt onto the stage with a "Swoosh". Her body was wrapped up within her white cloak. She stood up and smiled, "Let me see how good you are!"
Enchanted Painting was stunned for a moment. She narrowed her eyes and brushed some dust off of her sword, "Alright, a super strong opponent has finally arrived...Cang Tong, Fan Shu City's number one beauty, the country's number one Assassin,CBN ranking number 6. You are the strongest opponent that I've met."
Wan Er was silent. The blood red war flag descended as the battle was announced. 
……
"Sha sha..."
She crushed the rocks on the ground under her feet, and disappeared into the wind. She entered [Camouflage], which was a surprising move. Wan Er's combat style definitely tended to be more explosive. She wouldn’t normally go invisible. Probably, only a strong opponent like this Enchanted Painting was enough to make her go invisible in a fight?
Enchanted Painting drew from her experience and quickly retreated. "Pa", she backed against the railings of the arena. Like this, she wouldn't be killed by Wan Er with a [Gouge] and [Backstab] no matter what. 
After a few seconds, there still wasn't a [Gouge] at all. Contrarily, a sharp blade shot out from midair with a "Swoosh"!
“9023！”
It was [Flying Dagger]. Wan Er was roughly 20 yards away from her opponent. She opened her hand and activated a [Ice Pick Whirlpool]. She knew the strong points of the Pulse Break Style, so she chose to straightforwardly use long distance skills and wear down her opponent. 
Enchanted Painting was so angry that she clenched her teeth. She downed a health potion and charged over with her broadsword in hand, taking the initiative to attack!
Wan Er also went up to face her, with her twin daggers raised. With three "Keng keng kengs", she resisted the opponent’s storm of attacks. She raised her long legs to kick Enchanted Painting’s abdomen, but who would've thought that Enchanted Painting’s attack speed was even faster. She raised her knee. She blocked Wan Er's attack with a "Peng” and then she turned around and swept out her sharp blade.
"Hua!"
Wan Er raised her Iron Umbrella, blocking the attack. Wan Er slid back several steps. It seemed that in terms of strength, she was still not her opponent's match.
After one second, she suddenly put away her Iron Umbrella. Snowflakes began to flutter around her daggers as [Frost Revolution] was activated. As long as she could seal the opponent in ice once, Wan Er would have the ability to end Enchanted Painting’s status as the arena champion.
She suddenly approached her opponent, and Wan Er let out a storm of attacks. [Blade of the Death God]!
[Blade of the Death God]'s first hit chose a tricky angle on her opponent's right side to attack. However, Enchanted Painting quickly glanced at the attack pattern, as if she clearly understood what was happening. She horizontally dragged her broadsword in midair, and "Keng", she blocked the central part of the dagger. She let out a quick  left punch, dispersing the hit with a "Peng". The blue words "Successful Skill Break" appeared again, but at this moment, Wan Er's second strike still arrived!
"Pu!"
“10821！”
Enchanted Painting was stunned. She instantly deduced the angle of Wan Er's third strike, and used her elbow to do a horizontal cut. With a "Peng", she hit Wan Er's shoulder. The sharp blade once again did a direct stab, and it was another successful skill break. This girl was really not simple, she managed to consecutively interrupt Wan Er's skill twice!
However, in the instant that the skill was successfully interrupted, Wan Er turned her body to the side to slam into Enchanted Painting. With a "Peng", she made Enchanted Painting’s body turn sluggish. Her twin daggers followed the turning of her opponent's body, and with a "Ka ka", she sliced her opponent, shattering Enchanted Painting’s [Dou Qi Armor] + [Dou Qi Shield].
Enchanted Painting was starting to panic. Flames suddenly rose from her body and Wan Er's next attack directly stabbed towards this flaming body. 
But, after 0.1 seconds, Wan Er suddenly stopped her attacks and pulled out her Iron Umbrella, resting it on her shoulder. In that moment, Enchanted Painting’s body collapsed in the fire. It was a clone. Her real body suddenly leapt into the sky. She raised a sword with enormous strength as she slashed towards Wan Er!
"Peng!"
“7311！”
Sparks splashed and Wan Er retreated. 
Enchanted Painting had a bewildered expression: "You...you actually managed to predict my clone…. D*mn!"
As she said that, Enchanted Painting’s figure suddenly began sprinting over. She had locked [Assault] on the area in front of Wan Er. The skill swept out with a "Swoosh". Following that, she activate the S Level combo!
"Keng keng keng..."
Within the light of the combo, Wan Er was sent flying by the attack. She took advantage of it and activated [Hermit God's Arrival]. Her body whirled around in the air, and she waved her arm, throwing a [Flying Dagger]. This time, Enchanted Painting had 3000 health at most, leaving her defenseless against Wan Er's killing blow. 
"Pu!"
“12718！”
Enchanted Painting suddenly collapsed to the ground. She was finally killed. However, Wan Er was simultaneously blown away by the energy of the opponent's combo, causing her to strike the barrier of the arena stage. Flying out of the arena barrier was considered a loss, those were the rules of the arena stage!
"Ding!"
System Notification: Player Enchanted Painting was killed in battle, while in the same instant, the opponent Cang Tong was sent flying out of the arena stage. This is considered as a Draw. The two parties can continue fighting another match to determine a victor, or they can split the prize pool of the arena stage. 
……
"Wu..."
Wan Er floated in the air as her cloak fluttered. She was somewhat speechless, "It's actually a draw...I had thought that I could win. Pig, what should I choose?" 
I waved my hand: "Just split the prize money, and return a portion of the amount to Li Mu for what he lost. We should go eat."
"Ok..."
Wan Er landed back on the arena stage, and chose the option of splitting the prize money. 
Enchanted Painting was somewhat unconvinced as she said, "Can we not count that, just fight with me again..."
Wan Er turned around and walked away, laughing, "Nope, my boyfriend is asking me to eat!"
Enchanted Painting "..."
……
Wan Er gracefully leapt off the arena stage and gave Li Mu 30,000 Gold. After that, she followed me to the city pub. She laughed, "How was my performance not bad, right?"
I gripped her hand and said, "It's still passable...your movements were on point when you were faced with a stun from a successful skill break. You didn't give Enchanted Painting any chance to directly explode out with her combo. If not, you would’ve been instantly killed. This Enchanted Painting’s true attack power is at least 40000, which is extremely terrifying. Cutting down Li Mu for her was almost as easy as cutting down melons or vegetables. 
"Yup, that's right...what are we eating for dinner?"
"You'll have to ask the chefs about that. I'm truly not too familiar with them. I don't know how to speak Sichuanese and Hunanese..."
“……”
