
[]  []  []
Chapter 305 Tang Xue’s First Love
“What exactly happened?”
Once I heard that there was someone who wanted to steal Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands, I panicked. She was our number one Mage. In addition to Dancing Forest and Lian Po, the three of them made up [Zhan Long]’s Big Three Mages in terms of firepower. If Thousand Suns was taken, there would be a gaping hole in our Mage team. Since Dong Cheng Yue won’t join for another ten or so days, it would be extremely hard for us to get by for the next week. Besides, Thousand Suns was one of us; what right did [Wrath of the Heroes] have for taking her?
Wolf heavily said, “Brother Xiao Yao, [Wrath of the Heroes] has been very empiric lately. They have been stealing elites from other guilds, no matter the costs. In addition to Sonata, Heart of Fire, and Drunken Cold Rain, they’ve also taken a dozen or so of CBN’s top 5000 players from Fan Shu City and Jiu Li City. They’ve finally moved on to steal from the guilds of Ba Huang City. His first target is probably to steal our [Zhan Long]’s Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands. This wouldn’t have originally been a problem, but… but he brought a person. It seems he was her first love in real life… I’m so worried!”
I asked, “Where’s Thousand Suns right now?”
“Ba Huang City, Butterfly Forest. Come quickly;. I’m here with Old K, Fox, and Matcha!”
“Okay…”
……
After I hung up, Lin Wan Er blinked a few times as she looked at me and having guessed most of it, asked, “There’s someone who wants to steal [Zhan Long]’s Thousand Suns over Snowy Lands?”
“Yea….” I made a fist, “It’s [Wrath of the Heroes]’s people. It won’t be strange if it was Little Piggy’s idea….. motherf*cker, Little Piggy is indeed quite a character, committing all of [Wrath of the Heroes]’s crimes. To think that he found Thousand Sun’s first boyfriend in real life. I don’t even know what we should do now. Besides, we’re only her guild in the game, compared to her lover, its obvious who’s more important…..”
Wan Er kept smiling, then turned around and slapped my shoulder, “I guess its time our Brother Xiao Yao showed off his charm. Thousand Suns isn’t that old, how charming can her boyfriend be? You’re Xiao Yao Zi Zai, Ba Huang City’s Number 1…….”
Dong Cheng Yue wryly smiled and said, “That’s right, that’s right. Brother Xiao Yao is undefeated! You need to show off your smooth charm and steal Thousand Suns back. Wan Er and I will become [Zhan Long]’s sooner or later, but we don’t want to join a guild whose main players have been stolen…..”
I nodded, “Yup, I’ll do my best. I just really don’t know how I should keep Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands……”
Wan Er rubbed her lip, then chuckled, “Honesty. There’s really no other better way. Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands is a smart girl, she’ll definitely realize that everyone in [Zhan Long] truly wants her to stay……”
“Yea, I’ll go and try. You two should also go back… there’s still 17 days until you two join [Zhan Long]…
“Okay!”
……
I ran straight to my room and quickly got online!
“Shua!”
I appeared in the middle of Ba Huang City. With the Emperor Qin’s Sword on my back, I rushed straight out of the city and ran toward Butterfly Forest. At the same time I scanned the stats on my Emperor Qin Sword. The agreement from this afternoon had been completed, and the sword’s stats had already been changed. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but I could tell that the strength of the sword had definitely been extremely weakened. The 500% [Kill for Blood] that I had gotten at the City of the Ancients would never happen again. I knew, however, that in the future, the sword still had a ways to grow to its strongest, especially since it could advance tiers twice. This implied that for a very long time this sword would remain one of the strongest. Even now, the Emperor Qin’s Sword was already extremely strong. Once it evolved, it would become even stronger and still be superior. This was a good thing.
【Emperor Qin’s Sword+7】 (Valkyrie Tier – Superior)
Attack: 1400-1850 (+490-648)
Strength: +70
Endurance: +68
Magic Attack: +65
Additional: Increases the user’s attack by 17%
Additional: Neglects 25% of the target’s defense
Bonus: Will never break/dull. Using this sword will never dull the sword
Bonus: Has a 10% chance of dealing a strike with superior damage
Bonus: Bound to the player Xiao Yao Zi Zai. Cannot be dropped. Can Evolve
Special Skill: 【Kill for Blood】. For every player that is killed, the weapon’s attack will increase by 1%, Cap: 50%, The effect will reset when the player goes offline
Description: In the ancient times there lived an emperor that was both kind and known to all under the heavens. His saber was named Long Quan but in the midst of a fierce battle, it snapped in half. The broken pieces were then buried into the ground, staying there for countless generations. At last the broken sword has been unearthed and still contains the vast powers of the emperor. This sword would be known to the future generations as the king of swords and after the previous owner of the sword as Emperor Qin’s Sword.
Requirement Level: 65
……
As expected, after the sword evolved, even the required level would rise. Yup, it was truly exceptional!
Now that I looked again, my base attack was 2914-3878, and with all of my equipment, my attack had been raised by a total of 44%. The sword raised 10%, plus the 7% from the [Kill for Blood]. In reality, I could raise my attack by 111%, and at my highest peak, my attack would be around 6148-8182. Compared to the 500% increase I had from the [Kill for Blood] it was miniscule, but even at my present state, I was still among the elites. I definitely had enough to kill people like Wang Ze Cheng, Jian Feng Han, and Don’t be Foolish, and make their lives difficult.
After a few minutes, a forest of butterfly bushes appeared in front of me. It was my destination, Butterfly Forest!
Around 200 people had gathered in the middle of the forest. Half of them were from [Wrath of the Heroes], whereas the other half were from [Zhan Long]. All of [Zhan Long]’s officers were there, as well as Liu Yin, Piggy, Sonata, Heart of Fire, and Drunken Rain from [Wrath of the Heroes]. All of the experts were present, and both sides nervously gripped their weapons!
“Xiao Yao Zi Zai has come!”
In the distance, Little Piggy’s eyes turned cold as he looked in my direction and said, “Let’s see what he says!”
Unhurriedly, I walked forward. I raised up my palm and a summoning circle was formed, as my Flaming Tiger God appeared behind me. He softly roared and shook his shiny, crimson and gold fur. He displayed the demeanor of the King of Beasts and followed beside me. It looked as if the beast was accumulating his strength, ready to attack at any moment.
……
“Brother Xiao Yao!”
Wolf picked up his dagger and walked up to me and said, “You’ve finally arrived!”
I nodded and walked to the center between the two guilds, only to find that Thousand Suns stood there as well with her staff in hand. She was covered in quality Mage gear and had enough power to put her in the top 3 Mages of Ba Huang City. Even [Flying Dragon]’s Guild Master, Soaring Dragon, was ranked below her. This was also one of the reasons that [Wrath of the Heroes] wanted to steal her.
In front of Thousand Suns there was a young Swordsman who was around 24 years old, Lv 62, ID: Dawn Hero. He was covered in a purple glow and looked to have at least 4 Purple Tier equipment. He could even be considered a mid-high level player. He stared intently at Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands and lovingly said, “Little Snow, I know that I was in the wrong at first, I shouldn’t have left without a word. By the time I had finally realized what I was doing, it was already too late. For the past 2 years since then, I have been looking all over for the world that had you in it……”
Yue Qing Qian softly said, “Don’t use such cliche words, they all sound so fake…..”
Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands silently stood there. Her eyes were swollen and red, as tears welled up in her eyes while she looked at Dawn Hero. Her voice shook with emotion as she said, “Did you know how much I loved you back then? For you, I was willing to give up everything. Whatever dreams I had, I would give it all up just to be with you. I…. I even became a waitress and a cashier for you. I did all of the dirty work, but I didn’t regret any of it, because I loved you. But… but the day that you disappeared, my heart died along with you…”
Dawn Hero’s face was full of grief as he said, “Little Snow, you……”
Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands looked up as a tear rolled down her cheek, and she said, “You shouldn’t have appeared. You shouldn’t have pulled at the heart that used to love you. That just won’t work. The one I loved was the old you. But that you has already died, and the one standing in front of me is an entirely new you who has experienced completely different things. You are now a complete stranger to me.”
Dawn Hero raised his sword and said, “But now that I’ve come back, I want to make things right. Give me another chance, I’ll do whatever I can to make you happy. I know that you’re not happy in [Zhan Long], especially since Xiao Yao Zi Zai only cares about his own people. He only cares about people like Yue Qing Qian, Matcha, and Old K. They… they’ve never treated you as their own…”
“Shut up!”
Old K lifted his battle axe, walked forward, and roared, “We’ve always thought of Thousand Suns as our own sister. What right do you have to criticize us? Bastard, as someone who left her before then suddenly appeared before her again, what kind of sh*t do you call yourself? Would a good man be able to do something like that?”
One Second Hero also picked up his spear and angrily said, “That’s right! You’re a disgrace to the word Hero that’s in your ID. Are you even fit to have it?”
Dawn Hero also became agitated and said, “You!”
……
“Sha sha……”
My Divine Battle Boots brushed against the grass as I slowly walked forward. I pulled out the Emperor Qin’s Sword behind me. “Pa!” I stabbed it into the grass between me and Dawn Hero. I stood beside Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands and levelly said, “I am [Zhan Long]’s Guild Master. Tang Xue was invited by me to our guild. I, Li Xiao Yao, can’t promise anything else, but I can boldly say to the entire world that for the rest of my life, I will not let [Zhan Long] turn its back on Tang Xue. For the rest of my life, I will never let Tang Xue suffer any injustice or grievance. Anyone who wants to bully her would have to do it over my dead body! Whether it is in a game or if it is in real life, I and [Zhan Long] will protect her. She’s our Tang Xue, she’s our friend!”
“Guild Master…..”
Thousand Suns over Snow Lands’ staff fell to the ground as her eyes filled up with tears and she mumbled, “Boss I’m sorry, I made you do something so hard… I … I …”
I turned around to look at her and smiled, “Little Snow, I respect your choice. Whether you leave [Zhan Long] or stay here, you’ll always be my friend, that’s all there is to it….”
Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands stood there, and motionlessly stared at me. Suddenly she smiled as the Flaming Tiger God rubbed against her leg. A small flame wrapped around the two of us. She looked up and blinked her large eyes at me. She completely let go of her staff, and with a bang, the fire began to rise to the sky and the earth seemed to shiver. Her gaze become more resolutely and she loudly said, “From the day I joined [Zhan Long], I had made them my friends, and I had made Xiao Yao Zi Zai my Guild Master. He’s always been just like a brother, like a geyser of trust and strength to me. His strength, his courage, his charm and his loyalty are all my conviction. I, Tang Xue, am one of [Zhan Long]’s people, and until they don’t want me anymore, I will never leave them!”
One Second Hero clapped his hands and laughed, “Alright! There’s our [Zhan Long]’s team leader!”
……
Tyrant of Western Liu Ying’s face turned dark, and he said nothing.
Little Piggy quickly ran to Dawn Hero and softly said, “Dawn, you can come back now… It’s time to lessen our losses. Thousand Suns Over Snowy Lands doesn’t love you anymore, you’re already in the past.”
Dawn Hero gripped his long sword and yelled out, “No, it can’t be…”
[]  []  []

