
Chapter 654 - Miss, Please have more modestyWhile I made my way back, the noise of quarrelling in the distance reached my ears. Several piles of broken beer bottles littered the corridor along with a few dumbfounded servers. Even as I weaved through the crowd, I unexpectedly recognize one of the parties involved. Turns out to be none other than Swift Thunder from [House of Prestige]. Seems like this clown is hanging out here too, but it looks like it’s about to turn into a brawl.
“You’ve got some balls!”
Swift Thunder was viciously glaring at the one in front of him, his right hand tightly gripping a bottle of beer. The target of his stare was a young man in a black jacket who, going by face shape, seemed to be Fierce Tiger from [Flying Dragon]. Also, the middle-aged man next to him could not be mistaken for anyone other than Soaring Dragon. That knife scar on his face was just too obvious.
Soaring Dragon countered with his own gaze as he held [Fierce Tiger] back by the shoulder: “Swift Thunder, let us talk this out. Whichever way you look at it, [House of Prestige] is in the top 10 of the popular guilds rankings. Don’t you at all feel embarrassed about starting fights for every little thing? And I want to know, how did our [Fierce Tiger] even piss you off?”
Swift Thunder’s scowl became furious: “Oh you’ll have to question your favorite flunkey about that. [Fierce Tiger], if you’re a man then you better give me a straight up answer. Did you or did you not grope Wang Yao at the washrooms?”
“Wang Yao?” Soaring Dragon was taken aback: “Who is that?”
Swift Thunder growled: “Cut the act. Our guild only sent 5 people to this competition. And our only healer is a beauty whose ID is “Yao Yao”. You think I’ll believe that [Flying Dragons] did not investigate and analyze our setup? FUCK! Taking advantage of Yao Yao being drunk to grope her all over… Fierce Tiger how are you gonna answer to this?”
Soaring Dragon became flabbergasted and furiously turned around: “You little punk! Did you seriously pull this crap?”
A rather drunk Fierce Tiger raised his beer, cheerily replied: “Boss…… How would I have known? That chick was already horny as hell. She’s the one that came onto me first, y’know? Why shouldn’t I taste the ‘meat’ that delivered itself to me?”
Unease briefly flashed across Soaring Dragon’s face before he turned back towards Swift Thunder: “We’re gonna have to talk this out carefully. Whether or not it was my bro who forced himself on her, or if it was mutual. That’s the most important thing. We’ll clear that up before pointing fingers.”
Swift Thunder finally lost his cool and flung his beer at them, roaring: “Go clear up your mother! Lemme tell ya, Wang Yao is MY woman! You motherfuckers mess with her, then I’m gonna lop off the hand that did it!
Whoosh!
The half-finished beer reached them extremely quickly, and Soaring Dragon was unable to dodge in time. It was at that moment that another young man who looked to be around 25 stepped out in front of him. A single palm struck down in a pressing motion… “Bang!”  and shattered the bottle. At the same time, the invisible force churning within his palm forced all the broken glass and liquor straight down onto the floor.
Another expert of the Royal Air stage! I narrowed my eyes for a better look. That young man… was none other than the trump card that carried [Flying Dragons] into the Qualifiers—— Drunken Spear!
“Calm down. Let us be civilized.”
Drunken Spear wore a lazy grin on his face as he looked at Swift Thunder. “Using force is my specialty~ Swift Thunder, you should already know what kind of a woman that Yao Yao is. Well, I knew about it. Heck, everyone else knows about her promiscuity too. She must’ve caused you no end of trouble back in Xiamen right? Well, she definitely hasn’t changed here in Shanghai. Sure, our vice-chief might have some faults, but he’s a man afterall and not Zhan Huo. I personally think you should focus more on reining in your own woman first.”
Even though he could see that a way out had been opened for him, Swift Thunder stubbornly persisted: “Oh, so [Flying Dragons] is gonna rely on outnumbering me here huh?”
At that very moment, several more people came out of private room nearby. Two males and one female all around the age of 20. One of them turned out to be Bai Li Ruo Feng who currently had a deep frown on his face: “Swift, let it go. Just come back already or are you not done being gossip fuel?”
A door to a private room on the other side opened at this time. An alluring woman in a black one piece leaned against the door frame with a light smirk: “Yoooo, is [House of Prestige] causing a big mess right after reaching the Exhibition Center? And here I thought we all came here to sing our hearts out but some people just want to bring down the image of Chinese eSports huh.”
Swift Thunder became riled up again: “ Enchanted Painting, this is none of your business?”
Enchanted Painting’s smirk became even more pronounced: “Indeed it’s none of my business, but I just feel embarrassed for my fellow competitors.”
Fang Ge Que’s voice could be heard from inside the room: “Little Canvas come back and close the door. Don’t butt in on other’s affairs.”
　　……
I’m left at a loss. Who would’ve ever thought that [Legend], [House of Prestige], [Zhan Long], and [Flying Dragon] would all come to have fun in the same place. I could even hear Matcha’s voice singing [Our Love] from our room on the other end. Does she not know it’s about to get busy out here?
Continuing on my way, I cautiously stuck to the wall behind Swift Thunder who had got his hands on another beer, and I carefully let my presence be known: “Excuse me please, I need to go through…….”
Swift Thunder’s rage had just reached a new peak and he turned around savagely, roaring: “AND WHO THE HELL ARE YOU!? Shit……Xiao Yao Zi Zai……Li Xiao Yao, what are you planning showing up at a time like this?”
I was speechless, almost spooked, in fact: “I……what did I even do……”
Drunken Spear immediately cracked up: “Li Xiao Yao, you just ate the bullet, the mighty Lord Swift Thunder is being pretty trigger happy right now!” 
Enchanted Painting was giggling on the side: “Li Xiao Yao, I heard you can fight pretty well. Teach him a lesson! One that he won’t forget anytime soon!”
Fang Ge Que’s voice came from the room again: “Little Canvas come sing. Don’t bring trouble upon yourself. Why are you being such a bad girl…….”
“Kaaaaaaaay……” Enchanted Painting voiced her compliance but her body never moved as she delightedly watch the drama unfold.
　　……
From Bai Li Ruo Feng’s side, that Yao Yao woman came out as well. Seems she did drink a bit too much. Her appearance was definitely not bad but her expression right now was completely that of debauchery, her drunk eyes blurrily narrowed “What’s... going on?”
Suddenly, she looked towards me, eyes wide open: “Whoa….. isn’t this [Zhan Long]’s Guild Master Xiao Yao Zi Zai? He really is good looking…. Just like the commercials…. hic”
Even while drunkenly babbling, she was stumbling her way towards me. Those mesmerizing hips, those 36E’s, that long wavy hair with highlights….. No mistake, she is definitely worth the bragging rights but is her gaming skill really all that great or did she get on the main team through the use of other skills?
Yao Yao finally finished stumbling her way towards me, her arm reached out ready to wrap around my neck. I nimbly took a half-step backwards and at the same time rotated the Qi in my arm to push her away with a stream of invisible force. Giving her a light smile: “Miss [Yao Yao], please have some modesty.”
Swift Thunder ran up, and grabbed Yao Yao in one swift motion: “You’re drunk, hurry up and go sleep a bit!”
Bai Li Ruo Feng had an abashed countenance: “Guildmaster Xiao Yao, the people of [Flying Dragons], Enchanted Painting, my apologies for showing you all such an embarrassing side. Let us put an end to this little accident right here……”
Following that, Bai Li Ruo Feng spitefully glared at Fierce Tiger: “However, you dared to touch my bro’s woman. I won’t forget that. Better hope our guilds can clash during this competition, otherwise, I definitely won’t let this matter drop after we return to Tian Ling City!”
Fierce Tiger growled back: “Come at me! Think I’m scared?”
Soaring Dragon rolls his eyes: “Still yapping? Go back to drinking!”
Soaring Dragon dragged Fierce Tiger back into the room. Drunken Spear continued to lean back against the wall and started laughing instead: “That was a beautiful use of “Spatial Deflection” from Guildmaster Xiao Yao. Truely. You do live up to your reputation!”
I grinned back: “So when do you plan to change guilds?”
“Ugh... currently no plans on doing that. Boss is treating me pretty well, even said he’s going to set me up with a pretty cousin of his…….”
“That’s some ambition you got…….”
“Ha Ha, I can say the same about you. For the sake of Cang Tong’s affections, wouldn’t you willingly give up [Zhan Long] as well?”
“Never. [Zhan Long] belongs to all my comrades, not just me.
“Alright…….. So that Yao Yao just now, wasn’t she quite a tasty looking piece?”
My face went slack: “Ooh not bad…… got a big rack……”
Drunken Spear turned to leave, laughing: “Yea, I think so too. But I feel you should think even harder on how to face your Cang Tong after saying those words……”
Bewildered for a second, I turned around only to find Wan Er standing behind me. Steaming. And a pair of lovely eyes spitting fury: “Li Xiao Yao. Do you dare repeat the things you just said one more time?”
I can only curse Drunken Spear, that cunning punk, mentally and take Wan Er’s hand in mine, giving her a smile: “Honey, you look gorgeous tonight!”
“Don’t even think about changing the subject!”
“Look! The Sun is so round tonight!’
“Don’t even dream about it!”
“Just earlier, I set Wang Jian up with a babe with a bombastic body in the billiards room!”
“Eh! Really? Did you take pictures? Show me quickly! I wanna see just what kind of girl can satisfy Wang Jian that picky bastard.”
“……”
　　……
Upon re-entering the room with Wan Er hand in hand, I found Meng Yao and Matcha doing a love duet, Tang Qi and Thousand League Spring playing dice and Dong Cheng laying on the side with her phone.
“What’s going on outside?” Dong Cheng asked.
I sat down and emptied a pitcher before giving her the rundown: Swift Thunder’s girl made a move on Fierce Tiger and got groped. Swift Thunder wouldn’t let that go. But Drunken Spear wouldn’t let him settle it. Then Enchanted Painting kept fueling them on. Then it actually just ended without having to call in the cops. A real let down really…….”
Dong Cheng grabbed a beer, her face flushed in a pink glow, giggling: “Whatever, it’s not like a little touching would knock her up…… Swift Thunder is just too petty…..”
Nearby, Fox became speechless: “Then lemme cop a feel and see how you handle it?”
Dong Cheng pursed her lips and suddenly sat up straight. She pulled her mini-skirt back just a little bit more and suddenly, I got an eyeful of smooth pale skin. Then she smoothly continued on to grab my left hand and placed it right on top of those thighs, simpering: “Awww, I just got felt up but it’s not like I’m gonna go hysterical……”
Quicker than lightning, I pulled my hand back, face pale: “Quit fooling around Dong Cheng! You want me to die!?”
“Useless!”
“……”
Wan Er  just quietly snuggled up to me. On such a rare occasion without Qin Wen or the bodyguards assigned by her father around, she can finally stop holding back today.
　　……
We stayed out until past 11pm before calling it a night and returning to our own rooms. Tomorrow morning at 9: The competition begins!
