
[]  []  []
Chapter 63 – Walking Around Elegantly
This chapter was sponsored by William Wang and OldLian!
“What’s the matter now?!”
Dong Cheng Yue looked at me and then looked at Wan Er, “Is this Liu Ying guy looking for trouble again? Xiao Yao, why does he hate you so much?”
I spread my hands, “I have no idea, but I would really like to have a talk with him and dissipate any hatred, but sadly he doesn’t want to. What else can I do?”
“Whatever, it’s better to ignore people who want to take revenge all the time. These kinds of people, if you can’t make peace with them then you can at least hide from them.”
I nodded, “Mm, well said!”
……
I still had classes in the afternoon and it was the most annoying class of all, calculus. Who would have thought that in the Chinese department, we still had to take calculus! What matrices, what sequences, I didn’t understand it at all!
After eating dinner, I escorted Wan Er back to the dorms. She needed to continue level grinding and I also returned to my dorm to grind for 4 hours straight until 11 at night!
Toot toot…
Beside me, my cellphone rang. I accepted the call in game and it was a number that I don’t know. After taking the call I heard a sweet voice——
“Hello, is this Li Xiao Yao?”
“Yep that’s me. Who is this?”
“Guess!”
“Ru Hua?”
“What!” The caller was angry, “You little Li Xiao Yao. Now you’re all carefree accompanying some wealthy kids at some wealthy University and you forgot about your old colleagues eh?”
I thought for a while, then I said, “Oh, I know! Shen Bing!”
“Hehe, finally remembered me?!”
I laughed, “Of course…”
Shen Bing was an employee at the Public Security sub-bureau’s technology branch in Xihu District of Hangzhou city and she should have been promoted to bureau leader now. She was an expert in all kinds of technology and acclaimed by the leaders to have good potential. Also, she was extremely beautiful and was at least a good 7 points. Her body was tall and she was the princess of the police. She was also the ideal person for many of her male police colleagues. If she wasn’t skilled and didn’t hold a high position. I think she would have belonged to someone a long time ago. Of course I left the police team for so many years. I didn’t even know if she was single or not.
“Haha, it’s Shen Bing. Need me for something?” I continued asking.
Shen Bing’s tone became serious, “That’s… Leader Wang told me to be in charge of staying in contact with you. Remember this phone number because in the future I will use this line to communicate with you. But now I have news for you.”
“Oh, what news?”
Shen Bing said, “You’ve offended someone called Liu Ying in Liu Hua University right?”
“Mm.”
“Liu Ying has contacts all over the place in Xihu District. That…I just got news that stated Liu Ying spent 100 thousand Yuan (~$16000) to recruit a mysterious expert. I think tonight they will make a move against you. I hear that as long as the hit-man doesn’t kill you, anything else is fine. So watch out, you might get beat crippled…”
I was stumped for words, “Damn, what is this.. he found an expert to deal with me?”
“Mm.”
“Who’s the expert? You should know right?!”
“Hehe…” Shen Bing laughed lightly, “I’ve hacked Liu Ying’s phone and email and painfully got the information about this expert…”
“Who is it…”
“Thunder Hands, Wen Tai Lai!”
“Ha!” I almost spit up blood.
Shen Bing continued, “Wen Tai Lai, this person throws very hard punches. I hear that he once broke a person’s 5 rib bones with only one punch. He has quite a few cases in the police office. But now he’s been hired in a bar called ‘No Returns’ and he’s there as a muscle. Usually he’s responsible for the safety of the bar at night and prevent any fights in it.”
I nodded, “Mm, I got it…”
“What are you going to do? Don’t go crazy now…”
“Don’t worry…”
……
I ended the call and I raised my head and looked. I was under Dragon City, so I immediately left the game.
I took off my gaming helmet and I took a deep breath.
To prevent any trouble from happening, I didn’t want to make a huge scene. Since Wen Tai Lai was coming to take care of me, then I would just take the initiative and attack first. I couldn’t let him make a huge mess in the school or else Wan Er’s safety would also be threatened. That’s something that I didn’t want to see happening.
I opened up my suitcase and took out a huge black coat. Metersbonwe, this coat was great!
After that I found some sunglasses and I put it in my pocket and prepared for battle.
After leaving the dorms it was already 11 o’clock in the night. The school’s gates were already closed. If I wanted to leave then I would get investigated heavily and they would even dig up my ancestor’s information. If not I wouldn’t be able to leave from the school gate.
I stood in the corner of darkness and looked into the distance. Yep, I couldn’t leave from the school gate.
I put power into both my legs and my body rose. I swiftly stepped on a stone stool and crawled up the school’s walls. With a flip in the air I reached outside the school. I raised my hand calling a taxi, “Master, go to the No Returns bar on Xixi road!”
“Okay!”
The taxi arrived on Xixi road with lightning speed and I saw a road full of bars. No Returns bar could be considered fairly famous. People from foreign places usually came here because the bars usually invited some famous stars to talk about the place. So the business was exceptionally good here.
I arrived in front of the bar only to find out that I didn’t bring any money. Also I didn’t know anyone here, so it seemed I couldn’t enter. Which meant I wouldn’t be able to find that “Thunder Hands” person…
I looked around for a moment. In front, there were some little vigorous girls chatting.
I immediately walked up and said, “Hello beauties~”
A girl wearing a blue shirt looked at me and said, “Oh? What’s up handsome?”
I smiled, “Well…My friend hasn’t come yet, but he said he was going to treat me today. Can I come in with you all? It’s a bit cold outside…”
She smiled, “Sure! We’re going in right now. You’re coming right?”
“Yep, thanks!”
……
I followed them into the bar and before I even sat down, the blue shirt person hooked my arms and gave a flower-like smile, “Since your friend hasn’t come in yet how about we stay here and play for a while?”
I frowned, but I looked around and saw a fat guy staring at me. To avoid suspicion I nodded and smiled back, “That’s fine, I’ll play with you guys for a while!”
“Then we’ll roll a dice and whoever loses will drink a glass alright?”
“Mm, okay!”
The dice rolled around in the bowl and the girl lost. She immediately drank a glass of wine. Quickly after that I lost, so I also leaned my head backwards and drank a glass as well. Damn, I wonder if it was because they saw my coat that they called me “handsome”..
After drinking a few wines, the girl started to become attached to me. Her body waved around with the music. She was drunk.
I pushed her shoulder away and smiled, “Excuse me for a second, I need to go to the washroom!”
“Ohh, quickly go and quickly return…”
“……”
I turned around and entered the washroom. An uncle holding a tower was wiping the mirror and I asked him, “Uncle, do you know where Wen Tai Lai is?”
He looked at me shocked, “What do you need him for?”
“Oh, I’m his cousin.”
Hatred flashes through his eyes. It seemed like Wen Tai Lai was indeed notorious. He pointed upstairs and said, “Second floor, in the security branch chief office.”
“Thanks!”
I spun around and left and went straight to the second floor. It seemed like there was nobody on the second floor. The security was too lax.
I reached the office and I put my ears on the wall and listened. I could hear a girl’s laughing voice inside.
Knock knock..
As a well-mannered person I knocked.
“Who is it?” A rough voice came from inside.
I put on my sunglasses and pushed the door and entered. I saw a pretty and flirtatious women on the desk and Wen Tai Lai was embracing her. Both of his hands were on her thighs and I saw calluses on his fists. He was indeed a person who boxed.
I raised my hand and turned off the lights and instantly the room went dark. Luckily, the outside light came into the room through the window allowing some basic vision.
“Who are you?”
Wen Tai Lai angrily glared at me, “Why’d you turn off the lights?”
I lightly said, “Oh, I heard about you, so I wanted to check out your ‘Thunder Hands’..The woman can leave first, it’ll be done quickly…”
Wen Tai Lai couldn’t help but laugh coldy, “What’s this? You want to mess with me on my territory? Dear, you go out first and close the door. 3 minutes later get security and be ready to see a half-dead corpse!”
The woman nodded and walked past me.
……
“Come!”
Tai Lai yelled and prepared his fists. He kicked away the office desk and a few hundred kilograms heavy office desk fell just like that. With that kind of strength no wonder he could do whatever he wanted here.
I raised my hands and clenched my right fist and smiled, “It’ll be decided in one move!”
“Ha! I’ll slaughter you today!”
Tai Lai bellowed and ran forward and punched!
I leaped forward and gathered energy in my right fist. The speed suddenly increased and I punched at him. A shapeless air circled my fist and with a bang I blew open Tai Lai’s heavy punch. With a violent force it dislocated his shoulder!
Crack!
The sound of his bone breaking could be heard and Tai Lai stumbled towards the corner of the wall. With that, the bones in his arms broke. With his face full of cold sweat he looked at me, “You..Who are you?!”
“Don’t you want to deal with Liu Hua University’s Li Xiao Yao?”
“That..So what? If I beat him up, what does it matter to you? Who the hell are you?”
I turned around and left a sentence——
“Don’t you dare do anything in Liu Hua University or else I will cripple you. Also, I am the brother of Li Xiao Yao, Li Xiao Sa!”
(T/N: “Xiao Sa” means “elegant” in Chinese)
……
I exited the door. Although I defeated him in one strike, I didn’t need to be too arrogant. I took off my sun glasses and pulled up my sleeve. I entered the washroom to wash my hands and on my pure white shirt I splashed a trace of water. So it would seem like I was a student that mixed into this place and it wouldn’t raise any suspicions.
Under the fluorescent light the blue shirt girl was looking left and right for me.
I bent over and secretly left through a crowd of people. After getting outside I took a breath of relief, “That was dangerous, but at least I got it done!”
……
After returning to Liu Hua University it was already 2 o’clock at night. I took my key and opened the door, then immediately went to sleep!
[]  []  []

