
Chapter 634 - Strength of Li You
“Roar…”
The Minotaur Li You’s attack pattern was generally a roar followed by a skill. While roar was the same every time, the attack afterwards was always different. Facing the defensive perimeter created by the teamwork of Li Mu and I, the three meter long BOSS’s battle-ax trembled and began to hum. Raging flames surged through the blade and the handle of the battle-ax instantly increased in size. It was the BOSS’s third skill--[Raging Flame Axe]!
“Hong!”
The battle-ax cut through the crowd. As the front row, Li Mu and I took the most damage. In the group of people who were crammed in the stone path behind us, quite a few players had taken the hit——
　　“13128！”
　　“15277！”
　　“20341！”
　　……
Fortunately for us, Li Mu and I had a sufficiently high defensive power. The players behind us however, were instantly killed. The Healers hastily revived them. Wan Er commanded: “Be careful of this [Raging Flame Axe] skill, it’s too strong...also, quickly revive them. People who’ve been revived twice should retreat and stay in the rear. You can only revive 3 times in 60 minutes. So let’s not get restricted by the system!”
Who would’ve thought that the Minotaur wouldn’t give us face, and after [Raging Flame Axe], it was a [Flame Tornado]. It instantly broke [Zhan Long]’s formation, and also insta killed a few people. After all, it was a Divine Tier BOSS, and it was also equivalent to the current strong powers that existed now. In fact, it actually should have this kind of attack effect. However, Li Mu, Wang Jian, and the others were still unhappy.
We continued killing, and I deliberately drew the main aggro of the BOSS. I then walked to a place where my back was against a cliff, directing the Minotaur’s [Raging Flame Axe] at me. This way, we wouldn’t harm the innocents.
After a few seconds, I found out where I went wrong. Even though the BOSS’s aggro was on me, [Raging Flame Axe] would still attack in the direction where there were the most crowded people. It instantly killed another group of Archers and Musketeers again.
“I’m gonna faint, this BOSS’s AI is too high…” Matcha held her shield as she said: “His [Raging Flame Axe] doesn’t obey the rules of aggro.”
I immediately turned around and dodged the BOSS’s random attacks. I arrived in front of him with two strides. After two strikes, I could see the attack clearly. [Raging Flame Axe]’s charging period was roughly 1.2 seconds. Wan Er and Qing Qian’s [Gouge] couldn’t interrupt it. This wasn’t a move that could be interrupted by a skill. However, trying out the Pulse Break Style might be able to work. After all, I was the only person here that had strength that was close to the BOSS’.
“Roar!”
Li You let out an angry roar. It was [Raging Flame Axe] again. The battle-ax buzzed and shook, and it had already entered the charging phase.
Without any hesitation, I urged my horse to gallop forward one yard at full speed. My body sank as I entered the enormous crook of his arm. I furiously slashed my Zhen Yue Sword against the BOSS’ vein. My Dragon Reservoir Sword shuddered as it entered the BOSS’ flesh. After that, I used both hands to raise my swords, and used my twin swords to heavily smash the BOSS’ fire axe. I could only hear a “Keng” sound as countless sparks flew out, but I was still unable to interrupt the BOSS’s skill. [Raging Flame Axe] still landed on the crowd, and an Archer from the [Valiant Bravery] team cried as he died straight after being revived.
“F*ck…”
Li Mu felt his heart ache: “Isn’t this BOSS too fierce?”
Wan Er waved her dagger and used [Blade of the Death God]+[Chain Attack], as a trace of helplessness flashed through her beautiful eyes, “Focus on dealing damage. All we can do now is take the hits, since pig can’t interrupt this skill…”
I clenched my teeth, and raised my swords to continue attacking. At the same time, I pondered about what I did wrong during my earlier moves. Could it be that I didn’t use enough force? Yup, that was probably the reason. After all, the BOSS was an existence that even Xingtian had praised. If I could break his main skill by using such weak strength, then that would be too easy.
15 seconds later, with a “Roar”, Li You started charging up [Raging Flame Axe] for the Nth time. His arm trembled as he concentrated the [Strength of a Beast] in his battle-ax
I clenched my teeth, and tried again. I won’t accept defeat!
“Swoosh!”
The Flying Scythe War Horse brought me along with it as it charged over to the BOSS. This time, I borrowed the strength of the horse’s charge to attack. With a “Peng”, the Zhen Yue Sword slashed out, and it quickly returned as I activated [Assault]. I raised my Dragon Reservoir Sword, and heavily struck the BOSS’s right hand. I barely grasped the timing, and I slashed my twin swords across. I spun around, dealing another slash, and heavily struck the central part of the BOSS’ [Raging Flame Axe]. 
“Peng!”
An enormous blue light surged out, and three huge words appeared in the sky between the BOSS and I.
“Successful Skill Break!”
　　……
“Fxck…”
Li Mu was dumbstruck: “God, even the BOSS’ skill can be successfully broken through? Motherf*cker, the Pulse Break Style is basically a skill on the level of God…”
Matcha was full of confidence as she laughed: “Obviously! With the data that I’ve gathered, plus Boss’s skill, it’s practically unparalleled under heaven!”
One Second Hero rubbed his nose, and cunningly laughed, “But it seemed like guild leader was cut down by Q-Sword using the Pulse Break Style in the Magic Dragon’s Nest...We don’t even know when he’ll be able to get revenge…”  
I laughed: “Just wait for the domestic competition for the Hero’s Wings Tournament. If there’s a chance, I’ll definitely use it to fight Q-Sword!”
“Yup, we’re all looking forward to it!”
　　……
I continued attacking. The second time, however, my skill interruption failed again. I was still very far from the success rate of 100%. The skill required for the Pulse Break Style was simply too high-end, and you would fail to successfully interrupt a skill if you missed it by a millimeter. And supposedly, that Little Demon had a 95% success rate of interrupting a skill during battle, which was simply inhuman. I really didn’t know what kind of existence she was. However, when Little Demon was rampaging around the world, and helping Fang Ge Que conquer the world, I was still in the Special Forces, and so I didn’t have a good understanding of the gaming situation.
After several more tries, I successfully interrupted his skill, drastically decreasing the killing ability of the BOSS. Soon, the Minotaur Chief only had 10% health left. He immediately activated his skill, [Rage of the Minotaur]. This was probably a skill that allowed the Bull God to possess it, raising its attack and defense by 20%. However, I withstood its attack. I also had 20 Healers healing me. This, along with the fact that I had a tanky health of 40000+, and the fact that the Minotaur Chief was the same level as me, made him be unable to instantly kill me. Killing him was also a matter of time now.
Quickly, with a miserable howl, the Minotaur Chief Li You heavily fell onto the stone path. With a “Hua La” sound, several pieces of equipment dropped. In the stack of items, there seemed to be the battle-ax that was originally in its hands. The players in our team that used battle-axes couldn’t help but tremble. They were all excited.
I urged my horse to walk forward, and I embraced the rewards in my bosom. After that, I showed their stats one by one.
Wild Battle Gown, a Level 110 Saint Tier cloak. It got ROLLed away to Dancing Forest. Its effect that added 40% to long-distance physical attacks suited her job.
Wild Combat Boots, a Level 110 Saint Tier armored boots. It was ROLLed away to One Second Hero. The 45% increase in movement speed, and the 20% increase in defense also perfectly suited him.
Finally, the last item was the battle-ax. I clasped it with my hand, and extended my other hand to brush it off. Immediately, everyone was excited. Finally, we had obtained the first piece of Divine Tier Equipment after entering Pangu’s Abyss. To an extent, it was worth it for the lives of many of our brothers--
[Remote Spring Strength Battle-Ax] (Divine Tier Equipment・Superior)
Attack: 3700-4250
Strength: +137
Endurance: +135
Agility: +134
Magic Attack: +130
Additional: Raises the user’s attack power by 35%
Additional: Raises the user’s splash damage by 30%
Special Effect: Strength of the Serene Spring. After killing your target, you will absorb your target’s health and turn it into your own, to a maximum of 50%
Required Level: 110
　　……
Holding this Serene Spring Strength Battle-Ax, I slightly smiled, “It’s attack power is very outstanding, and it has a lot of explosive power. Especially that special skill, Strength of the Serene Spring. You could say that as long as the user kept killing people, they could guarantee that they maintained full health. If you killed some tanky Knights, one alone would heal you by over 20000 health. This is practically a weapon made for a death god.”
Old K, Dong Cheng Lei, and the other Berserker type players from [Zhan Long] were unable to conceal their excitement.
This time, the Berserkers that we had brought along with us was just those few people. And so, we decided to ROLL for it. In the end, Dong Cheng Lei happily put away the God Tier Weapon into his bag. However, his level was still a bit lacking, but there was no need to rush. He could just bring it in his bag for now, because sooner or later, he would hit Level 110.
We split another pile of Soul Gems, and the system announced that we had cleared the 1st floor of Pangu’s Abyss.
Standing on the edge of the first floor, I looked at the rock wall. I unexpectedly found a precipitous stairway. Wan Er walked forward, and lightly laughed: “Was this left by the people that had came here to hunt for treasure? How considerate of them. Like this, we won’t have to dangerously climb the rock wall.”
“Yup.”
I walked forward and held onto a protruding point on the rock wall. I followed the precipitous stairway as I went downwards. At most, this stairway could contain a single person walking through. And so, everyone carefully walked down the stairway in order.
After we had walked roughly two minutes, the second floor appeared before our eyes in the flaming mist. The guardians this time had switched to a group of Centaur Warriors. This was a group of monsters that had the shape of a human above their waistline, and the body of a wild horse below their waistline. They were all male, and waved a battle-ax above their heads. Once they saw me and Wan Er walk down the stone steps, they immediately roared with a fierce look on their faces, “Oh, these damned humans have come again! They’ve still not forgotten the Pangu Axe in this Abyss! D*mn it, that is our treasure. We can’t let them steal it! Kill them, kill them all!”
Immediately, all the Centaur Warriors within an approximately 50 yard range were affected by the summons, and they all charged over with their brandished weapons. There were a total of 20+ Level 116 Titan Tier monsters.
I rapidly jumped onto level ground, and summoned my war horse, mounting it. I brought the Ancient Tiger God out along with me as I started aggroing the monsters, letting the others come down one by one.
The Centaur Warriors were all experts, and they activated [Whirlwind Slash] after waving their battle-axes. Naturally, we were at low health after receiving the baptism of nearly 10 [Whirlwind Slash]es. After [Cleansing Rain] and [Heal], I used all my strength to attack and recovered my health via drain on my attacks. And at this moment, Li Mu, Wang Jian, Wan Er, and the other people all landed. They helped reduce my burden by a lot. Darling Duck sent over a [Grip of Compassion] and along with a magic-reflecting shield. However, it seemed like these monsters were all using physical attacks, and this skill was of no use at all.
I stood firmly and continued clearing the area, step by step.
　　……
After a whole day, up until close to 7 o’clock, everyone was madly grinding their experience levels in Pangu’s Abyss. We had also killed our way to the 6th floor, killing a total of 5 BOSSes and countless amounts of Titan Tier monsters. There were a total of 3 Divine Tier Equipments and 5 Saint Tier Equipments that dropped, and our harvest was rather abundant, even though there was no equipment that I wanted.
After we had killed the BOSS of the 6th floor, Wan Er was somewhat tired as she looked towards me and laughed: “Pig, I’m hungry…”
Dong Cheng also rubbed her belly, and said: “I’m also hungry. Let’s stop battling and go to sleep. We’ll wake up at midnight and grind this map until tomorrow, clearing this map in one shot. How about it? It’s already 8 o’clock...I’m so tired…”
I looked towards everyone: “Are you guys feeling tired?”
Li Mu nodded his head: “I suggest we go offline now and eat dinner. Then go online at exactly 6 a.m. tomorrow morning and clear the last 3 floors. How about it?”
Dancing Forest shook her head: “I don’t want to, it’s too early. What about 7?”
“Why?”
“At 6, the Wonton Stands on the streets aren’t open yet…”
“Fine then…”
