
[]  []  []
Chapter 60 – Borrowing a Knife to Kill
This chapter was sponsored by Estela Perez (sorry no accent), Wong Ying Lin Gabriel, Archaic Pickle, Thomas Wierinckx and William Wang!
I spun around and ran towards the Hell Hound. While running, I punched the ground and cast [Binding Chains]!
Whoosh!
As my fist reached the ground, Feng Han shifted a few meters sideways, and a huge “MISS” popped up next to him. At the same time, his pet Hell Hound also wagged its tail as it backed away a few meters. Such coordinated control! Both player and pet moved at the same time to dodge my skill!
I needed to kill the Hell Hound first, or else Baby Bobo’s HP couldn’t keep up!
I raised my sword, and slashed towards the Hell Hound. But I wouldn’t have thought that Feng Han kept on pulling the Hell Hound back, making me unable to catch up to it. At the same time, I felt a chill behind my back, Feng Han’s [Combo] was coming!
Before turning around, I sunk my body downwards, and blocked my back with my sword. I couldn’t block such a strong attack, and my entire body sprawled forward. But I spun my sword around, and I heavily slashed at Feng Han!
“341!”
“Eh…”
Looking at my attack damage, he seemed a bit surprised. He took his sword and backed away, and drank a health potion. After taking 3 [Combo] hits, my HP was near empty. I waited for the cooldown of [Heal], and with a wave of my hand I recovered 600 HP. But at that time, Baby Bob cried out, and died from the attack of the Hell Hound.
I couldn’t chase Feng Han, so I could only spin around and chase the Hell Hound. Since Bobo died, it was only fair that Feng Han’s pet also dies. But I never would have thought that the Hell Hound would wave its tail and run, giving me no chance to attack. Feng Han on the other hand recovered to full HP and immediately took his sword and attacked!
My custom combo was still in cooldown, so I could only use [combo], and pray for the best!
Whoosh!
Within 3 steps of me, Feng Han suddenly stopped. A golden hexagram started to appear on my sword, the start of my [Combo]. I couldn’t let it go to waste, so I hastily rushed forward to attack!
Who would have thought while he was backing away, the Hell Hound would attack me from behind and interrupt my [Combo]!
“I’m done for…”
My heart went cold and as I watched the glow of his golden hexagram flicker, his sword struck my shoulder 3 times in succession, and I died!
…….
Whoosh!
I appeared at a nearby graveyard, and checked my equipment. I didn’t drop anything, but I stood there expressionlessly. It was not that my skills weren’t up to par with him, it was…it was my gaming knowledge that wasn’t up to par. This loss, it was really because of the tactics that Feng Han employed…
After thinking for a full 5 minutes, going through what Feng Han did; controlling both himself and his pet, and continuously changing his opponent’s focus while grinding down their HP. Even if I had [Heal] I still got killed easily. Although his tactics were very clear, I could do nothing about it, his reactions were too quick!
Whatever, I would return first!
After 10 minutes, I reached back to my corpse. From a distance, Feng Han held his sword, and sat under a pine tree, He was staring at my corpse, obviously waiting for me to revive. He wanted another round?!
Whoosh!
I didn’t hesitate to revive, and because of dying I had lost a level. I cast [Heal] and my HP became full again. I took my sword, and [Turmoil Sword] automatically activated. I also summoned Bobo out. This time I needed to counter-attack, or else I would lose again.
Feng Han looked at me from afar, and smirked, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai. You’re not bad eh, I felt a bit of pressure. It’s really hard to find these kinds of opponents, Looking at Ba Huang City, there are probably only 10 people who have a strength like you!”
I silently listened, “And?”
“I quite admire you, how about you join [Vanguard]?” Feng Han smiled.
I pointed my sword at his chest, and said, “Admire me..is it? Let me kill you first!”
……
I stepped on the ground with my Silver-Locked Boots, and rushed towards him. I raised my sword and attacked.
Feng Han laughed coldly as he slowly unsheathed his sword, it seemed like he has already calculated my path. With a clang, he took his sword, and with a jump, he was on his feet. The leaves crunched under his feet, and suddenly he extended his leg and kicked!
My body was in the air, but I grabbed onto the chain armor on his shoulders, and my entire body changed its original path. Going around Feng Han, a nearly perfect “MISS” popped up for his kick. At the same time, I rolled on the ground, and punched the ground with my left hand. With a clang, I cast [Binding Chains]!
Sadly, Feng Han was very sharp, and he completely figured out my tactic. He slipped back a few steps, and “MISS” popped up for the [Binding Chains]. His sword started to glow, and he slashed at Bobo but at the same time, Bobo’s [Combo] also started!
Bangbang…
After the rapid strikes, Feng Han’s HP dropped over 500 points after Bobo’s two attacks! But, Bobo’s HP was only around 100 points now. The Hell Hound growled, and prepared to take his life!
Whoosh!
“+600!”
I waved my hand to cast [Heal]. I needed Bobo alive, or else I would lose against Feng Han and his pet!
…….
I commanded Bobo to back off, stretching out their firepower. Bee Overlords were very fast, and immediately Bobo backed off a few meters. Both the Hell Hound and Feng Han’s attack ended up slashing air, and two beautiful “MISS”s popped up. At the same time, I rushed forward, raised my sword, and used [Combo]! My target: the Hell Hound!
“397!”
“422!”
“447!”
Sadly, after three strikes the Hell Hound still hadn’t died and had around 50% HP.
Growl!
The Hell Hound growled, and it pounced at my chest. I twisted my body, and my sword’s edge skimmed the Hell Hound, taking away 200+ HP. But within a moment, my HP was below 50% from its attack. I immediately backed off, and got Bobo to attack the Hell Hound!
“Ah?”
Feng Han suddenly smiles in self-mockery. He never would have thought the tactic he just used would be copied and used by me.
With a bang, Feng Han kicked his Hell Hound away, and at the same time he used his level 4 swordsman skill [Haste]: Increases attack speed by 8% and movement speed by 4%. After he kicked the Hell Hound, his sword also aimed straight at Bobo’s head!
Boom!
“389!”
In a blink, Bobo went into critical condition again. Feng Han’s recovery and reaction time was extremely scary. In addition, this guy’s ability to adjust to the situation was very strong as well. He was a very scary opponent, or else Yan Zhao would have been able defeat him!
……
I could only get Bobo to run for his life, and I also grabbed my sword and got as far away from Feng Han as I could. He calmly gulped down a health potion, and returned to full health once more. With him and his Hell Hound, I could be killed in a single strike!
But, as fast as I could go, his speed was way superior to mine, and I couldn’t escape!
“Hey!”
Feng Han lowered his sword, and it bounced against the ground, cutting the grass with every bounce. His smile was full malice, and he laughed, “Xiao Yao Zi Zai! You know, you’re quite unique. But do you really think that you can survive when I want to kill you? You’re better off dreaming!”
“……”
I didn’t stop moving. My attacks and tactics had been seen through by Feng Han so I had no way out. To be honest, if my gaming skill wasn’t so bad, previously in [Conquest] I wouldn’t have been ranked over 3 millionth place.
……
Behind me, Feng Han came closer and closer. I could almost feel Feng Han’s sword on my back, it was a really bad feeling, but I couldn’t do anything about it. My pet control wasn’t impressive, and Bobo’s attack patterns were quite foreign to me. I really couldn’t see any chance of winning. [Combo] and my custom combo were really easily broken or dodged by him, and I couldn’t land a sure attack!
I scanned around me, and within the forest, I saw 3 level 39 Ice Rats scuttling around. An idea popped up into my mind, and it seemed possible. Should I try it out?
Holding my sword, I got Bobo to follow me. A few seconds later we reached the hill, and with a jump, we disappeared into the forest!
Whoosh!
I stepped on some turnips, and my entire body rolled towards some bushes. The 3 Ice Rats immediately started to chirp, and within 10 yards in front of me, they started casting [Ice Cone]!
Behind me, Feng Han smiled arrogantly, “Don’t pointlessly struggle Xiao Yao Zi Zai…”
I turned around, and as those 3 Ice Rats fired their [Ice Cones] at me, I put away my sword, and I punched towards Bobo! At the same time, after Bobo received my punch, he also raised his stinger, and stung my chest. We exchanged attacks!
……
“Damn!” Feng Han’s face went green, “Damn it, how did I not think of it…”
That’s right, aggro diversion!
Aggro diversion was a rule for wild monsters. Originally, the 3 Ice Rats’s aggro were on me, but since I was attacking something else, their aggro immediately changed, and also Bobo attacked me, so as a result the aggro landed on the player behind me, Feng Han, who wasn’t attacking anyone!
Rustle rustle…
The three [Ice Cones] flew out, and they brought three damage numbers——
“276!”
“298!”
“304!”
……
Feng Han’s HP was nearly gone, and his entire body was coated with a layer of frost from the attack, lowering his movement speed. At the same time, that Hell Hound growled as it pounced towards me. He decided that if he died, the Hell Hound would kill me as well!
Whoosh!
I held my sword and dashed towards Feng Han, and with a low yell, and 0.2 seconds of preparation, I released [Wind Blade], aimed at Feng Han’s neck! He had been slowed so it didn’t matter how powerful or quick he was, he wouldn’t be able to dodge this!
“Gah, I don’t accept this…”
Feng Han only said that, and then his body went limp, and fell on the grass.
“579!”
……
The Hell Hound also disappeared with him and I returned my sword back to the sheath. Feng Han dropped a couple of health potions and nothing else. I immediately ran out of the Ice Rats’s attack range. After running a few hundred meters, I finally got rid of the aggro.
I took a deep breath. At least I killed him once in revenge. I should switch areas to grind, this wasn’t a place where I should stay…
Through the night, on the other side of the forest, I killed countless Ice Rats, and I returned to level 32. Feng Han also didn’t appear again. He was level 37 originally, and pretty close to Yan Zhao in the leaderboard, but with my [Wind Blade], he went back down to level 36 so was probably monster killing to get his levels back.
TL: Last chapter of the day!
[]  []  []

