Book 6, The Road to Revenge – Chapter 30, Even if I Die, I’ll Kill You!The group of warriors who had charged in behind the Glacial Snow Lion were all shocked upon seeing the scene within the courtyard.“What is this monster?”The creature within the courtyard was covered in black scales, a back covered with a row of sharp spikes that gleamed with a cold, golden light, and an iron-whip-like draconic tail that swung back and forth. In particular, when this monster stared at them, they noticed its strange, dark golden eyes.These dark golden eyes were filled with heartlessness, coldness, and murder!“Graaaaaawr!” Not afraid in the slightest, the Glacial Snow Lion was the first to charge forward at the monster.The Glacial Snow Lion spat a mass of jade-blue javelins from its mouth, but the monster didn’t dodge at all, allowing them to strike against his scales. With a thunderous clatter, the air was rent by the sound of the collision. The attack hadn’t harmed the monster at all!“F*ck off!” A gutteral, furious voice rang out from the mouth of the monster.Its right leg suddenly transformed into a cylindrical blur and viciously smashed against the Glacial Snow Lion’s body. The Glacial Snow Lion was actually kicked away! This was a magical beast of the eighth rank, but it was sent flying away by a single kick.But how could these guards know that having fully Dragonformed, Linley had stepped into the domain of a combatant of the ninth rank!“Kill him, kill him!” Clayde howled loudly with rage.Only now did those experts, who had been stunned by this scene, recover. Immediately, all of them let out angry cries as they drew their weapons and charged towards Linley. At the same time, the magical beast companions belonging to these experts also began to charge at Linley.Magical beast, Frostwolf. Magical beast, Gorehorse. Magical beast, Mastodon. Magical beast, Bluewind Warbird.One magical beast after another charged at Linley from the air or from the ground. Linley was like a whirlpool, attracting all of the nearby warriors and magical beasts to attack him. This sort of large-scale focused attack was truly very terrifying.Linley’s death-promising gaze was locked onto Clayde. Bebe continued to attack Clayde nonstop, reducing the energy remaining in Clayde’s Fateguard.“Clayde, today, I must kill you.” Linley didn’t care about the surrounding warriors in the slightest. Right now, the strongest person present was a warrior of the eighth rank. Although in his Dragonform, Linley was still just an early-stage ninth rank warrior, Linley had inherited one of the strongest traits of the Armored Razorback Wyrm; an incredibly terrifying defense!The attack of a warrior of the eighth rank, when landing on Linley’s black scales, couldn’t hurt Linley in the slightest.The only large-sized man among them, a two-meter tall, massively muscled man with a waist like a bear swung a massive battleaxe at Linley. On top of the battleaxe was a layer of blazing red light, causing even the temperature of the air itself to rise.“F*ck off!”Linley didn't dodge at all. Balling his fierce claws into a fist, he punched at the axe with astonishing speed, splitting the air with the force of his punch.“Bam!”That massive, sturdy battleaxe was directly smashed into smithereens. Linley’s fist didn’t slow down in the slightest as it pierced through the warrior’s chest. And even as his fist penetrated the man’s chest, Linley’s other hand came piercing in as well…With a powerful tug from both arms, Linley ripped the warrior into two halves from within. Blood splattered all over Linley’s scales, making Linley look all the more like a demon come from the pits of hell.“Second Bro!”The other three warriors screamed with rage. The one whom Linley had killed was one of those four warriors of the eighth rank. The eyes of the three remaining warrior turned red, and alongside their magical beasts, they all charged towards Linley.“Whap!” Linley’s draconic tail suddenly swept at them from the side.One of the warriors who had intended to ambush Linley from behind, a tall, skinny, golden-haired man, was struck on the head by the tail. His head shattered, spraying blood everywhere.“He’s a demon, a demon! Everyone, kill him!” Terrified by Linley’s display of might, everyone began to scream and attack.More and more people were pouring in from the more distant courtyards, and even some of the guards that had been originally stationed to protect Linley came charging in to attack Linley as well. Because black scales covered Linley’s entire body, even his face, nobody knew…that this monster was Linley!In everyone’s minds, this was a terrifying demon!Kill it!“Your Majesty, hurry and flee!” Two warriors of the eighth rank leapt over to Clayde’s side. But just as they finished speaking, a black shadow charged towards them. These two warriors had extremely fast reaction times though, and with a tremble, their bodies became blurs as well.“Ah!”A chunk of flesh from one of the warrior’s shoulders was bitten off, and that black shadow continued to attack that warrior. Relying on fierce claws and sharp teeth, in a very short period of time, over ten pieces of flesh were bitten off that warrior, and blood flowed from everywhere on his body.Having lost too much blood and too much flesh, the warrior began to stagger and stumble.“Crunch!”A sharp paw directly slapped onto his skull, crushing it and killing him on the spot.“Bebe, focus your attacks on Clayde!” Linley’s voice rang out in Bebe’s mind.“Got it, Boss!”“Whoosh!” Clayde had seized this opportunity to jump out the courtyard.“Shiiiiirk!” Bebe’s high-pitched screech once more split the air. Transforming into a black blur, Bebe smashed directly into the wall at high speed. The already-cracked wall instantly split apart, and Bebe charged straight through, attacking Clayde frantically.“Kill this demon! Everyone, kill him!” Clayde commanded in a loud voice.“Your Majesty!”The people in Linley’s courtyard were growing greater and greater in number, and thousands of soldiers from the palace had come charging in to protect the king as well. Many nobles as well, having noticed the commotion, immediately ordered their people to protect his Majesty. The number of people in Linley’s manor could already be described with the phrase, ‘an ocean of people’.People were everywhere!“For honor!”“For honor!”A squad of Knights of the Radiant Church immediately rushed in front of Clayde, and all of them simultaneously attacked that lightning-fast black blur. For the sake of protecting his Majesty, a large number of soldiers were willing to ignore their own safety.“Shkreeeee!”Bebe’s high-pitched screech once more split the air, and his speed suddenly increased even further. Bebe’s strange blurred body, sharp claws, fierce fangs, and astonishing speed had transformed into the emissary of the god of death, and one warrior after another collapsed.Bebe directly burrowed through some of their chests. Others were decapitated, their heads sent flying. The skulls of others were shattered…Circling around and around, Bebe continued to attack Clayde. Clayde could clearly feel that the energy around his body was continuing to diminish.“This pet of Linley’s is too terrifying.” Only now did Clayde totally understand how much power Linley had.Right now, Linley had been totally surrounded and pinned down by an ocean of warriors. He was powerful, true. But under the mass attack of a huge number of magical beasts and warriors, even if he was able to kill a person in a single blow, he would still need to take a long time.“I can’t delay. Once the Saint-level combatants of the Radiant Church arrive, I won’t have any chance at all.”Seeing the crazed masses set against him, and the warriors screeching words such as ‘For honor’ and ‘For his Majesty’ and ‘Demon’, Linley grew more and more frantic. What’s more, many magi were lobbing spells at Linley from afar as well.“Whap!”“Bam!”Linley’s body seemed to have transformed into a rainbow, as countless magical spells landed on his body. But Linley’s defensive abilities were simply too terrifying. The Armored Razorback Wyrm was praised as the dragon-type beast with the highest defensive power. There was no question about this.“Shkreeee!” Far away, Bebe’s screeching cry could be heard, but Linley was surrounded by a sea of soldiers and warriors. He couldn’t help but feel frantic.“Clayde!”“Father! Mother! Today, even if I die, I will kill him. If worst comes to worst, then our family will reunite in the Netherworld! Little Wharton, I entrust the Baruch clan to you!” Linley said to himself. At this moment, Linley no longer cared about or feared death.“Clayde!!!”Linley let out a furious roar, and his scale-covered right arm touched his waist. Suddenly, a beautiful violet flash lit the air.“Die, all of you, die!”Linley began to slaughter!Linley transforming into a tornado, and the violet light flickered around beautifully, its strange radiance flashing here and there. Every place Linley passed by, warriors would fall down, chopped in half or turned into meat paste.The Godsword, Bloodviolet!Given Bloodviolet’s sharpness, especially when wielded by the Dragonformed Linley, even warriors of the seventh rank were directly chopped in half.A massacre!Wielding Bloodviolet, Linley’s rate of slaughter increased tenfold. Wherever that purple light flashed, groups of warriors would fall to the ground. Linley was charging forward in Clayde’s direction at high speed. Every step forward, he was forced to kill ten people!Kill!Kill!Kill!Human blood spurted everywhere like fountains, and shattered bones lay everywhere, as common as mud. The black scale-covered Dragonformed Linley seemed to have truly transformed into a demon from hell. In the face of his massacring charge, one warrior after another collapsed.Nobody could stop his advance!“Bam!” With each step, Linley made the earth shake. Bloodviolet danced in his hands, and yet another body collapsed. All of the bushes in the manmade hill nearby had been eradicated long ago, and all of the walls in the manor had toppled as well.Linley finally arrived by Clayde’s side. Because of Bebe’s constant attacks, Clayde hadn’t been able to flee anywhere.“Linley, must you kill me?” Clayde glared at Linley.Linley’s lips curved upwards, ever so slightly.Must?Ever since his father died and Linley had instructed Hillman to take the warblade ‘Slaughterer’ out of the Holy Union, Linley had made his mind up. No matter what, he was going to avenge his father.“Hah!”His Dragonblood battle-qi exploding, Linley’s arms suddenly, bizarrely expanded in size by an inch, as his physical strength was pushed to the limit. Seeming to shatter and slice through the air itself, the Bloodviolet Godsword in his hands cut down viciously on Clayde’s body.“Bam!” Clayde was knocked flying by the force of that blow, and his body viciously slammed against that manmade hill. The boulders atop the manmade hill were sent flying everywhere.His body turning into a blur, Linley once more appeared in front of him.Linley seemed to have turned into a tornado, and as he turned, his right leg lashed out fiercely against Clayde’s neck. Although this blow was once more guarded against by the Fateguard, Clayde’s body was still smashed deep into the ground by the force of that blow.“Whap!” Immediately following Linley’s right leg was Linley’s draconic tail.Like a whip, it struck harshly again and again on Clayde’s body. The power that was being slammed onto Clayde’s body and through it into the ground was akin to a meteor striking the earth. More than ten large cracks appeared on the ground, and his body sank into the newly created crevice.The translucent barrier protecting Clayde’s body was beginning to tremble, and the seven-colored rainbow was flashing wildly, about to break at any moment.“It’s about to break.” Linley exulted wildly.“Protect his Majesty!” A high-pitched shout rang out.“Lord Kaiser!”The warriors who had been terrified by the way they had been slaughtered by Linley and Bebe were ecstatic. A powerfully built man with long, flowing jade hair charged forward, a greatsword in his hands. The speed of his movements weren’t inferior to Linley in the slightest.Linley’s heart shook. “The second warrior of the ninth rank in the Kingdom of Fenlai, Kaiser. Not good!”“Forget it.” Linley didn’t even turn to look at Kaiser. He quickly chased after Clayde, who had seized the opportunity to flee out of the crevice he had been smashed into. Clayde’s Fateguard defend had been stretched to the limit, and could shatter at any moment. He had to seize this last moment to kill Clayde!“Stop!” Kaiser howled with rage.“Bam!”Linley once again smashed a fist against Clayde, this time landing an uppercut on Clayde’s jaw, sending him rising up in the air. Immediately following, Linley’s body turned around at high speed and, like a pair of battleaxes, his right leg and his iron-whip-like tail struck in sequence against Clayde’s body.“Bzzzt.” A very strange sound emanated from Clayde’s body.Clayde’s body was in midair, and the protective barrier around him was trembling nonstop, glowing with that seven-colored rainbow. But just then, in midair, a black blur flashed towards him, sending a vicious claw against that seven-colored rainbow.“Shatter!”A clear sound could be heard, and the barrier around Clayde’s body broke apart.“It broke.” Seeing this, Linley was wildly happy. He immediately charged directly for Clayde, but right at this moment, Kaiser arrived and chopped viciously at Linley with his greatsword. But Linley didn’t care about the sword in the slightest, continuing to charge directly at Clayde.But just at this moment….None of the thousands of battling warriors in Linley’s manor had noticed that a person was floating in mid-air, watching from above. Although this person was standing in mid-air, someone staring up at him from below wouldn’t be able to see him at all. They would see nothing there.He was very skinny, bald, and wore a long white robe. His face was calm, and he watched the proceedings below with the icy gaze of a god.It was his Holiness, the Radiant Church’s Holy Emperor himself!