One second to remember [love to fiction network.], to provide you with exciting novel readingIn the endless mountains of the ancestral Zhuang, the sun shines through the gap between the mountains and into deep gorges.On the hillside next to the canyon, there is still some ice and snowIt is already early summer, and the ice and snow are still not melted. The cold here is particularly long, and from time to time there are angry roars of the beasts, echoing between the mountains.A magnificent city stands on the plain in the canyonThe world beyond the mountains of the ancestral ancestors has been occupied by Wicked Beasts. People here have not been in contact with the outside world for hundreds of years.What's going on in the outside world? No one in the city knows. Legend has it that when mankind was the most brilliant, it had thousands of legendary demon slayers and legendary warriors. It built huge empire on the vast continent, but those The empire has been wiped out and no longer existsBecause of its hidden location, this city has become the best preserved city from the Dark Ages. Although it sometimes encounters the powerful snow-capped Wicked animal in the mountains of the ancestors, it has experienced several almost devastating wars. The city was rebuilt again and againThe mottled city wall is an monumental monument! The city is called the city of glory, which symbolizes the hope of the Terrans.Saint Orchid College, the primary class for the militaryMore than 30 students are sitting in a dangerous situation and listening to a female teacher teaches demon spirits. They are a group of apprentices of martial arts, students of the Holyland College in the City of Glory."I heard that the new teacher Shen came from the sacred family and was a silver Samsung demon psychic teacher!" Several students whisperedThe trainees’ eyes were focused on the teacher Shen. She was tall and tall. She wore a lilac skirt and wrapped her bumpy body. Her chest was towering, her long legs were long and white, her face was turned. With exquisite makeup, it looks beautiful and noble. It's just a pair of phoenix eyes slightly squinting, gestures are all apathy, and the corners of the eyes and brows are plucked with charming arrogance.【Love goes to the novel network.】 The sacred family is one of the three great peak families in the glorious city. Shen Xiu was born noble and is also a silver samurai spiritual master. He naturally has a proud capital.As a silver Samsung demon psychic teacher, if she is not a blind man Shen Yue in this class, she will not come to teach“There are five levels for the demon spirit and the military, which are bronze, silver, gold, black gold, and legendary levels. Each level is divided into five stars.""The demon psychic master is above the martial arts. The true noble existence, the demon psychic division can form the soul sea in the pubic region, will capture the demon spirit into the Dantian, in the fight, may promote demon spirit possess , has a powerful unparalleled power that is far beyond the reach of the same-order fighter."Shen Xiuwei carried his chin and felt conceited." Like me, my demon spirit is the flame of enchanting! "I saw Shen Xiu's face and her hands suddenly changed drastically. Shen Xiu's eyebrows became more slender, his face became more and more pointed, his teeth were extremely sharp, his nails became very sharp, and his back grew up." A red tail"After being possessed by the demon spirit, I can gain the power, agility and flame power of the demon and fox.Among all the demon spirits, the flame demon is a golden monster, which means that I can be trained as a gold demon master! Of course, after practicing to the Golden Spirit Master, I can also replace more powerful demon spirits."When it comes to his cultivation, Shen Xiu's complacency is even stronger.Shen Xi’s words made a lot of students screamThe golden demon spirit teacher, that is the existence that many of them cannot spend for a lifetimeWhen Shen Xiu was lecturing on stage, Nie Li sitting in the back row had been in an awkward state. The soul was floating in the void and there was nowhere to fall.With a glaring sun, Nie Li slowly opened his eyes and everything in front of him could not help but make him feel confused.“Where am I?” Nie shouted in surprise. He was surprised to find that his hands had become smaller and his skin had become very delicate.On the stage, Shen Xiujin continued to say that Nie Li clearly remembered that it was the year he was enrolled in Shenglan College. The female instructor who lectured was a silver spirit master, very arrogant and impolite.Because of this Shen Xiu, Nie Li was not willing to study for a long time."I was actually born again?" Nie was shocked. He was siege by the Holy Emperor and six God-level whelps, but he did not expect it. When the soul was born again, he returned to thirteen years old! After Nie Lichao looked around, a familiar face came into view. Lu Piao and Du Zeh, these brothers who were all dead and alive, were still dead, but they were all very immature.There is her, Nie left looking to the left, only a few meters from him, a beautiful face, appeared in his visionHer name is Ye Zixuan. Although she is only 13 or 14 years old, she has become very slim. A purple hair falls like a waterfall on the waist, her eyebrows are curved, and the eyes of Shui Ling reveal wisdom. When he laughs, his mouth reveals a deep dimpleAlthough there is something childish on the face, Nie Li knows how touching it will be if she is bigger.She was dressed in a white silk dress and had a quiet and elegant expression. Since her predecessor began in her teens, Nie Li has had a deep affection for her.Nie was very excited and almost choked"I actually returned to the past. Is this true? Isn't it a dream?" Nie stunned himself. The clear pain told him that this was not a dream. He suddenly remembered something. "Yeah, it's The Book of Space and Demon Spirits must be the book of the demon spirit of time and space!” Nie Li immediately looked down, but could not find the Book of Demon Spirits of Time and Space.Nie Li can't believe that this bizarre thing of reincarnation and rebirth actually happened to him. It must be related to the book of mystery space and time! At that time, the book of empty demon spirits did not know who created it. It was a very mysterious thing. Nie Li had always kept a personal collection. He clearly remembered that when he fought with the Holy Spirit and six God-level beasts, he had blood. Infiltrated the Book of Space and Demon SpiritsIt should be the book of demon and demon with time and bring him back to 13Seeing these familiar people, Nie Li fell into a long memoryI remember that in the past life, the City of Lights was attacked by the blizzard and evil spirits. The legendary spirit of the patron saint of the glorious city died and Ye Mo died. Hundreds of thousands of survivors left only a few thousand and fled together. In the desert in the east of the ancestral mountains, the desert began its journey of exile. One after another died in the desert. I remembered that on that day, the surviving people were besieged by the wretched creatures in the desert. That night, he and Ye Zixuan were in tents with each other. Finding the Reliance and Comfort of the SoulThat night, Nie finally embraced the goddess in her heart.That night, the silver moonlight is like a veil, and the leafy and luxuriant body of the leaves, the glittering skin, is like an innocent white jade sculpture. They frantically possess each other.If it weren’t for the gloom of the City of Glory, if it weren’t for a fledgling escape, it would be impossible for Ye Zixuan to win favor with Ye Zi’s ridiculously low talent and declining family background.However, after that, they were once again attacked by Wicked Beasts. Ye Zixuan died in the hands of Wicked Animal to protect him.That scene, Nie Li will not forgetAfter nine deaths, Nie lived and passed through the endless desert.Despite his low talent, Nie Li, with his keen sense of survival, has swept the continent of the Holy Spirit and encountered many people fighting the Wicked Animals. He encountered many mysterious things, and of course, the book of magical space and time. If there is no book of demon spirit, Nie Li cannot returnMysterious book of devils and spirits actually brought me back to the past! The city of glory shattered. Parents and brothers died one after another. Ye Zixuan also died on the way to escape."Since I came back, God gave me another chance. I will not let the things that have shattered the glorious city happen again!" Nie bited his teeth and was very firm in his heart. He vaguely remembered that he had just entered school this year. It should be thirteenNie suddenly wanted to laugh happily and came back, so good! San Di, the next time I meet, I am going to kill you, to hate the snow! If past life was not the demise of the City of Glory, he and Ye Zixuan were two people in the world and it was impossible to come together.They are the deep feelings that were established when they fled together. Otherwise, the status of the daughter of Ye Zizhu, who is the city's splendid city, could not be linked with him as a degenerate family father.And Ye Ziyan's grandfather, but the legendary demon spirit master, Ye Mo adults! Nie Li also later learned this. When Ye Zixie entered the school, other people in the class did not know Ye Zixi’s identity.The city of glory has three major families. The Holy Family, the Holy Family, and the Wind Snow Family represent the supreme power of the City of Glory. They belong to the top families and are generally born in these three families. After the top three families, there are seven giant families, and then there are twenty noble families.Nie Li is located in the Tianxue family, belonging to the last column of the noble family. Although it is still a bit of a status, it is too different from the three great families and seven giant families.As Nie Li, I want to be with Ye Zixi.However, Nie once flashed a firm light in his eyes. Since he was born again, is this still a problem? Although his foundation is very poor, but with his previous knowledge, it is not impossible to improve his talent! “Nie Li, what are you laughing at?” Lu Piao, next to her, looked at Nie in confusion, thinking that Nie was not stupid, and he had been giggling since the beginning, and he had been looking at Ye Zixi."It's just fun! Good brother, it's great to see you!" Nie Li excitedly hooked Lu Pang's neck. This was their previous habits.Somehow Nie Li hooked his neck, and muttered unhappily: "Hey, Nie Li, who is a good brother with you, you are the basis, let go of me!" Lu Yun was struggling with frustration and they just had these people. Enrollment is only a few days after you know it, but you can't reach this level! Nie Li did not let go, but he smiled and looked at Lu Piao seriously: “No matter what you think, in my heart, you are my good brother!” Nie Li could not tell the past life about them together. With the windLooking at Nie’s sincere eyes, Lu Giao looked a bit, Nie Li was not casually talking and could not help but say, “Freak!” Anyway, Nie Li’s words are still a little touched by him.Lu Piao looked at Nie Li and whispered: “I know you must be the family of the shining city, but I advise you not to use the girl’s idea. Her status is noble and mysterious. She is said to be enrolled in the school. The Dean’s dormitory, which she personally helped arrange for her"Nie left a smile, Lu Piao now still does not know the identity of Ye Zixi, but he already knows“She is my woman!” Nie away looked at the beautiful and attractive long-haired girl not far away. Her heart was firm and abnormal. I thought of the night’s madness, Nie’s spins could not help but be hotter.However, Nie suddenly remembered that he and Ye Ziyan were only thirteen years old! Zi Zi this little girl, when will it grow into a beautiful woman of that kind of style? I will watch you grow up slowly! In the distance, Ye Zixuan seemed to feel something. He looked back and looked at Nie from this side. He gently wrinkled his brow, and a flash of impatience flashed through the bright eyes. In her view, Nie Li was definitely a blind family. From the very beginning, she has been watching her unbridledly. If Nie Li dared to provoke her, she must make him look good! Ye Zixi did not want to reveal her identity and wanted to make friends with the classmates in the class. However, she did not mean that she was being bullied and would still swallow her! For mobile phone users, please read w for a better reading experience