The first chapter sword dust ()In a vast and endless range of mountains, two sword-shaped peaks with a thousand feet high stand 100 meters apart under a sea of ​​clouds.The two sword-shaped peaks are very steep, and they look like two enlarged versions of the Excalibur inserted between heaven and earth. There is no place for rock climbing.At the summit of these two sword-shaped peaks, it is only less than a hundred meters from the vast sea of ​​clouds in the sky. At the peak of the mountain, there is a faint fog and fog, and it is covered by fog, making the peak of the mountain The scenes of the monks are all foolish and ambiguous. However, vaguely, they can still be found on the top of two sword-shaped mountains. Two people are standing there silently, as if they were a stone statue, and they will not move. Only the bleak winds in the sky were blowing on the clothes of the two men and the hair was floating in the wind.Among them, one of them seems to be just a youth younger than 20 years old. The young man is very handsome and his handsome features are flawless. It is truly unique and it is the killer of all young girls in the world. A pair of bland eyes has a unique attraction, very charming, as if you can breathe.The young man has a long black hair and goes straight to his waist. His long hair is not bound by any restraint. He is arbitrarily dressed and flutters with the roaring winds. On the young man's back, he carries a long sword. The sword of the sword was wrapped in a thick layer of white cloth. Only an exquisite hilt on the outside could be seen. On the hilt, the word “light breeze” was clearly engraved. However, it was strange. The fact is that the whole sword of the sword did not have any ropes. It seemed as if it was sucking on the back of the young people. It did not fall down. This scene seems obviously difficult to understand.This young man is called Jian Chen, and now the first master in the arena of the rivers and lakes is known as the title of the sword god. It is a master of swordsmanship, and the first-hand quick swordsmanship method has already achieved supernatural power and has reached the ultimate goal. However, his age is only in his twenties.For the sword dust, the people in the rivers and lakes know very little. In addition to knowing that he is an orphan and there is no school, the others have nothing to know. His origins are like a mystery. No one knows how to learn from high-strength martial arts and the exquisite swordsmanship.And on the sword-shaped mountain peak 100 meters away from him, a tall man dressed in a black robe stood there, far from sword dust. This man was an old man, and he looked like he was 50 or 60 years old. The appearance of the child, Hefa Tong Yan, a pair of old eyes and gods, Jingmang eyes, that sharp eyes like a sharp sword, people dare not look at him, and in his hands, holding a generous black giant The sword, but what makes people feel weird is that his great sword is actually not edged.This old man is a legendary figure that has disappeared for hundreds of years in the rivers and lakes - the defeat of Tokgo, and the defeat of Tokgo is just his title. No one knows his real name and identity, because as early as a hundred years ago, he It is a super strong player who fights invincible in the world. Nowadays, people who know some information about the defeat of Tok Go is still very rare in the world. However, his brilliant brilliance is still He was passed down from generation to generation, and today his strength is better than it was a century ago. Nowadays, no one knows what the strength of Tokgo's defeat has reached.Tokgo defeated a pair of eyes and looked quietly at the sword dust that appeared to be barely twenty-somethings old but hundred meters away. His eyes were extremely sharp, as if he had sharp swords, and his eyes flashed over and over."Dust in the dust, at such a young age, she will have a strength that is not weaker than that of the old man, and your accomplishment in the kendo will reach a height that even the old man could not match. Unfortunately, you killed my only lover, this hatred. I have to report that I must be fair for my only child in any case today." Tokgo said with a loss, and in a seemingly calm tone, it was filled with a chilling and quivering kill. meaning.Jian Chen looked very calm, his eyes lightly watching the unfair defeat of Tokgo, his body dressed in a white robe fluttering in the wind, and that a waist long hair, but also by the wind blowing in random fluttering, it looks really cool."It's no wonder that I, your apprentice took the initiative to offend me. As for my death under my sword, I can only blame him for not doing his fine art." Jian Chen's lips gently opened and closed, a faint voice spit out of his mouth.Tokgo fought and angered and smiled: “Okay, good, good, good, bad arts, then I’m going to meet you today to see how much energy you have, and whether you can put the old man in your hands. Sword under the wind."Saying, when Tokgo defeated Xuan Tie in his hand, suddenly, a mighty sword rushed out of the sword, and with a fierce sword, he shot at a speed as fast as lightning speed toward the sword dust 100 meters away. .Jian Chen's look of calm, with a sound of the sword's scabbard, that long sword carried in the back in an instant appears in the hands of sword dust, which is full of four feet long, two fingers wide and slender sword sword The body is exudes a layer of silver Jianmang, then the sword in the hands of the sword dust quickly stabbed out, I saw a strong sword and sword out of the sword, with the naked eye can not capture the speed toward the unlucky shot to shoot the sword Air strikes."Boom!"The two swords collided in a gas phase and burst into a loud crash, deafening. The powerful infuriating waves centred on the explosion point, quickly spread out in all directions, and dispersed the faint clouds around them.Then, sword dust and Tokgo fought and lost at the same time and flew away from the mountain where the foot stood, flew between the two peaks, and engaged in fierce fighting in mid-air.The speed of the two men's shots was extremely fast, and the sound of the weapons and the sound of friction rang in the air. The strong Jian Qi shot from the two warring positions to the surrounding chaos, and shot a big hole on the surrounding peaks. Countless gravels fell to the ground below the feet.Just a few breathing time, sword dust and Tokgo defeated the two quickly battled hundreds of rounds, and then when the two fell back on the two peaks, I saw only two were slightly emaciated. , On the original unblemished clothes, there have been a lot of cracks and become a bit rags up.Tokgo defeated his face and looked at the sword dust seriously. His look became dignified, and he replied, "Surely a good sword, no wonder you can't break it in the rivers and lakes, but you can't be old." Tokgo lost his tone and continued and said: “We can hardly tell the difference by winning the game. It is better to apply the strongest blow at the same time and decide the outcome with one stroke.” Then, the momentum of Tokyu’s defeat was sudden. A skyrocketing sky is like a skyscraper.Jian Chen's face became dignified, and then, the body exudes a huge incomparable momentum, no less than Tokgo seeking defeat.The imposing momentum of the two men and women climbed up and overwhelmed the entire sky, and the two menacing forces combined to directly envelope the entire mountain, tens of thousands of miles away. Even the clouds in the sky were rushed by the momentum of the two men. A big hole emerged and quickly dispersed. The squalls in the sky whistled and shrieked and screamed. In the mountains and forests, countless birds and beasts issued horror calls, and they fled with their limbs to the distance. The two peaks of the top of the mountain are constantly increasing, and they are all brewing the strongest blow."Oh!" "Oh!"Not far from the mountains and forests, many small trees can not afford the strong momentum of the two people, have been blocking the waist break, and then by the two giants of the momentum to the red sky, flying far.As the momentum of both sword dust and lone defeating people continues to rise, a strong true air flow appears around the body of both of them, and the two people quickly rotate around and the trees and trees are both The formidable momentum of the pressure to bend the waist, numerous trees have shaken body, swinging.At the same time, the light wind sword in the hands of sword dust and the mysterious iron epee defeated by Tokgo exudes a dazzling white light and dark black light.The true air flow around them was becoming more and more powerful. Finally, the whole body of the sword dust was covered with a thick layer of white light. And the defeat of Tokyu was also wrapped in a layer of black light, and the figure of the two had been completely lost. In the air, we saw two groups of diametrically opposite dazzling lights."Oh!"The long sword in the sword dust was trembling lightly. At the moment, the sword was already shining with bright swords. This powerful sword feels scared. His long black hair fluttered wildly in the wind, and his white robe floated in the wind. His whole body was vacant, and it looked as if the Buddha was a god of war and could not be defeated.When the momentum of the two climbed to the top, suddenly, the two made a terrible anger and sounded at the same time. It sounded as if the thunderbolt suddenly rang and was deafening. Then, he saw a brilliant white light and darkness in the dark. Lightning speed collided and flashed...There was no imaginary collision sound. When everything calmed down, I saw the sword dust and Tokgo defeated the two have changed a position, re-distance from the distance of 100 meters standing on the top of the two peaks, the two faces look It was extremely pale, and on the dust of the sword dust, the red blood quickly flowed out. He immediately dyed his white robe quickly. Just in the lightning staggered and outdated, Tokgo defeated the sword and pierced it. His heart.The defeat of Tokgo had already lost his entire right arm. He who had lost his right arm was no longer able to take the sword. The black iron epee held in his right hand had fallen off the cliff at the foot of the mountain. After a sword pierced the heart of the sword dust, it lost the same arm.The sword dust quietly stood above the mountain peak, his mouth slowly drained a trace of blood, and his face became paler and lighter. In a short time, he was already pale like paper. His The heart was punctured by a sword that was unsuccessful and was already in a desperate situation.“Hahaha.....” Suddenly, the unlucky person on the opposite side of the mountain peak suddenly lost his laughter and laughed: “The sword dust, with your talent, if it’s for you for a few years, the old man is definitely not yours. The opponent, unfortunately, ah, unfortunately, although your strength is not much worse than the old man, but in the end it is still lost in the hands of the old man." Said here, Tokgo seek defeat and sighed, said: "Hey .... generation of Tianjiao on such a burial In the hands of the old man, I really regretted it, but in order to report the murder of the murderer, the old man had to be so."Feeling the vitality that was passing by him, the sword dust slowly closed his eyes. At this moment, he seemed very calm. For him, life and death may not be of great value. After all these years, the swords and dusts have swept the rivers and lakes. After killing many people, they have already looked down on life and death. The only regret in mind is that since then there has been no chance to explore the culmination of kendo.As soon as the sword dust fell into a state of no grief and joy, suddenly, a strange feeling appeared in the mind of Jian Chen. At this crucial moment, the soul of sword dust seemed to blend in with the long sword in his hands. Swords, Swords Even if he, he and the sword, no longer divide each other, as if the sword in his hands has become a part of his soul.At the same time, the pure and powerful atmosphere of heaven and earth descends from heaven and earth, and flows into his mind along the mind of the sword and dust, perfectly integrating with his soul. With the injection of gas, the sword dust clearly felt that his “god” was growing at an incredible speed, and at the same time, his soul seemed to be separated from the body and flew to the endless mountains around him, at this moment, The sights within ten miles radius are clearly present in Jian Chen's mind. Even the mosquitoes on the ground can clearly feel their activities.In this very near death, he actually broke through...