Chapter 102 Ten Thousand Poisonous Agents (3)Now, it is only the last step, and the most important step, from the point of the poisonous and non-invasive body. Whether or not it can successfully develop into a poisonous, non-invasive body depends entirely on this last step.Now that the most important special factor in the blood of the silver wire snake has been completely absorbed by the sword dust, it gathers around the serpentine in his abdomen and forms a strange material. And these exotic substances are anti-toxic substances. The gold and silver thread snakes can relieve the poison of the blood, and they rely entirely on strange anti-toxic substances.Now, according to what the book describes, the sword dust only needs to completely integrate the anti-toxic substances absorbed by the group from the blood of the golden thread snake into its own blood and integrate it perfectly with the blood. The body of poison does not invade, and you're done.As long as the anti-drug substance is perfectly integrated into the blood of the whole body, it will not only allow its own blood to have detoxification properties, but as the blood continues to circulate in the body, even the flesh will gradually be transformed into a blood. It has a body that is extremely resistant to toxicity, and for some weak toxins, it is able to immunize directly so that it does not cause any harm to itself.The look of Jian Chen’s face became dignified, and now is not only the last step, but also the most critical moment, because this strange anti-drug factor is totally attracted by the snake gallbladder and gathers in him. If there is no snake gall, These antiviral agents will immediately dissipate. Now the sword dust must integrate the antiviral agents around the snake gall bladder into its own blood before it is digested.Jian Chen calms his mind and uses his mind to control the strange factors around the snake gallbladder flowing in the body. However, just after this strange factor has just left the snake gallbladder, the Buddha has a suction from the snake gallbladder and sucks it firmly. Sword dust is an exotic factor separated by ideas.Seeing this, the sword and silver teeth bite and immediately increase the control of the idea. Although the strength of the sword dust is very weak, but the strength of his god is unquestionable, after he increased control, this strange The factors were finally successfully separated and then incorporated into their own blood under the control of sword dust.But as soon as it was newly incorporated into the bloodstream, it immediately emerged from the inside. This strange factor and blood put Buddha in two magnetic opposite magnets. The two were so incompatible and could not be merged at all. The sword dust did not show any disdain for the matter. Once again, he increased the control of his ideas and forcibly incorporated this strange factor into his own blood. Then the powerful idea waited on the side, if there was a disintegration of this strange factor. The sign of blood, the idea is immediately swarmed, and forcibly once again put this strange factor into the bloodstream.As the blood continues to flow in the bloody veins in the body, the singular factor that is forced into the blood by the sword dust is finally slowly assimilated by the blood, and the part of blood that has assimilated these exotic factors , actually with a little pale green color, but then, this light green is being melted around the Pentium's blood.After assimilation of this small part of the strange energy, Jian Chen can clearly feel that the blood in his body seems to have undergone a slight change, and it seems that there seems to be more.After blending this small part of the strange energy, Jian Chen did not know how long it took, but the bile of those snake gall bladders had already been reduced.Dust dust knows that bile cannot exist in its own body for a long time, so without a moment hesitate to immediately forcibly separate out some of the strange energy from the vicinity of the snake gallbladder again, according to the previous way, into their own blood.How many times did not know how to do so repeatedly, sword dust did not know how long it took, when he successfully integrated the last point of the singular energy into his blood, the bile and gall of his body, but also almost dissipated.Feeling the obvious changes in his own blood, the sword dust looses his breath and an excitement comes from the bottom of his heart. This makes the face of sword dust look full of happy and excited look."Thousands of poisonous bodies do not invade, I did not think I actually became a million poison does not invade the body." Jian Chen shouted in the bottom of my heart, with the past twenty years of wind and rain rivers and lakes, he knew this in comparison to the previous rivers and lakes If he is to walk on the more dangerous Tianyuan mainland, the benefits of a poisonous, non-invasive body will bring him great benefits. At least, if someone arrests him later, at least he will not have to worry about food.However, the sword dust is clearer, and although he is now practicing as a venomous and non-invasive body, he is still in an initial stage. He has not yet reached the perfect body of poisonous, non-invasive, blood in his body. The fusion of the antiviral agents extracted from the blood of the silver wire snake is still in a preliminary stage. It is a perfect fusion from a thorough and it needs some time to buffer.When the blood and anti-toxic agents are perfectly combined, and then they move through the blood, gradually transforming their skin and bones and internal organs to make themselves skinny, visceral, and size and meridian. With the ability to resist poison, this is the real million poison does not invade the body.Jian Dan slowly opened his eyes and saw only a bright eye, and the eastern end of the sky, a hot red day just exposed a small half head, watching the sky, actually early morning, the genius has just lighted.The sword dust rolled up and jumped out of the bucket filled with blood. Then he took a towel out of the space belt to wipe the blood off his body and put on the clothes placed next to the barrel.After this period of infiltration, the blood in the cask has fallen by nearly a quarter, and the bloody smell that was originally emitted has completely disappeared. Not only that, but the originally bright red color of the blood, All became a bit dim.Looking at the blood in the cask, the sword dust kicked directly on the cask and kicked the cask to the ground. All of the blood inside the snake was splashed on the ground. on.Although the blood of the silver wire snake is extremely precious, all the essence of the blood is absorbed by the sword dust. The remaining blood is not unduly described as ordinary water, and there is no point at all. Use out.After returning to the city of WACKER, the sword dust came directly to a restaurant where he ordered several dishes and began to eat up. There was no food on this day and night, and the stomach of the sword dust was a bit hungry.It is now at the peak of the meal. The people in the restaurant are very popular. The people entering and exiting are endless, and they quickly fill the table. The second shop in the restaurant is also trot and busy inside. Constantly bring a plate of fragrant and delicious dishes to the table."Little brother, the seat here is already full. I don't know if I can sit here."