Chapter 101 Ten Thousand Poisonous Objects (2)"Push!"Jian Chen took off his clothes and jumped directly into a bucket full of gold and silver snake blood. At the same time, he took out the snake that crashed into the jade bottle and swallowed it directly into his mouth.Not long after the snake galled into the belly, the sword dust immediately felt a burst of turbulence in his body, and the stomach began to cry out of disobedient, as if it were about to diarrhea.The sword dust sat cross-legged in a cask. The blood of the silver snake in the cask was already submerged in his neck and only one head was exposed.Feeling the cold sensation in the blood, the sword dust slowly calmed down, closed his eyes slightly, and began to absorb the special factors contained in the blood according to the methods described in the book.There is a special factor in the blood of the silver thread snake, and it is precisely because of this special factor that his blood has the ability to detoxify, and if he wants to practice the body of the poison, he will not invade. The book says that these special factors contained in the blood of the silver wire snake should be absorbed into the body, and then be fused with their own blood, and finally the blood should be used to raise the body, and finally the body's blood and body. Both have the ability to be extremely resistant to drugs and even highly toxic.Once the gold and silver snake's blood has been developed into a poisonous and non-invasive body, it can be immune to all the poisonous poisons that are weaker than the silver wire snake, even if it meets some of the poisonous poisons that are common to the gold wire snake, although it cannot Immunity, but it can play a superior resistance effect, minimize the harm of virulent to their own body or delay the spread of virulent.Although ten thousand poisonous non-invasive bodies can not be immune to all the world's highly toxic, but that is enough to make the sword dust for the heart, after all, in the Tianyuan mainland, the silver thread snake's highly toxic but world-renowned, to say toxicity ratio The silver wire snake is even stronger, and it is absolutely one of the few, and these highly poisonous are also very rare, just as rare as the silver wire snake.The sword dust was sitting in a cask with his eyes closed and his eyes closed. His stomach was buzzing and the voice was loud. If someone stood beside the sword dust, he could clearly hear his stomach. Cry.In the stomach of Jian Chen, it was like a sea of ​​rough seas. It was very uncomfortable. At the same time, an extremely nauseous feeling came from the bottom of the sword dust, and the sword dust couldn't help but vomit.“It is estimated that the gallbladder gallbladder is melted, and the bile inside has melted out.” Jian Chen resists the nausea from the bottom of the heart and secretly thinks that, from the book, it is necessary to train the body of the poison. In addition to blood, the most important thing is that the gallbladder, gallbladder and blood are both essential, because the special anti-toxic factors in the blood are all induced by the gallbladder and can absorb these factors. Into the human body.These anti-toxic factors contained in the blood are not heaven and earth, they want to absorb and absorb. If there is no corresponding thing, you have blood and cannot absorb the factors contained in it. Although you can directly detoxify by drinking blood, this Only as a temporary release, and can not be long, a *** will be able to excrete them out, not to mention practice into a body of ten thousand poison does not invade.At this moment, a warm current suddenly appeared on the abdomen of Jian Chen, and the temperature continued to increase. In a moment, Jian Chen’s abdomen became fiery, and there was a fire in the Buddha burning inside. With the abdomen and unexpected changes, the pores of Jian Chen's whole body seemed to have been implicated and all of them opened.At the same time, in the red blood in the barrel, a strange and special energy is like a small fish, and slowly swims into his body along the pores of his body.As soon as this energy entered the body of Jian Chen, Jian Chen's original calm face suddenly changed. He saw only the strange energy that entered his body, instantly turning from a docile lamb into a flock of fierce tigers. The madness in the dust of the sword dust madly caused the sword dust to feel intense pain from all over the body."Oops, this actually contains a unique element of Warcraft and violent factors, and actually even more powerful than the furious elements within the magic core." To find their own physical changes, the sword dust instantly understand how it is, World of Warcraft energy contains The violent factor, which has long been no secret on the Tianyuan continent, but these violent factors are almost hidden in the magic nucleus, but the sword dust did not think that this blood of the silver wire snake actually has The violent factor, and this frenzy factor is several or even dozens of times stronger than when he absorbed the energy in the magic nucleus.Resisting the severe pain that the body has uploaded, Jian Chen’s brain once again has a very confused idea. "Why I didn't feel this violent thing at all when I was drinking the blood of Silver Wire Snake."The body of the sword dust sitting in the cask began to tremble slightly. The intense pain from each pore in the body up and down caused the muscles on the face of the sword dust to start to crave, and the original rosy His face began to gradually shift towards white.The strange and special energy contained in the blood of the Silver Wire Snake seems to attract what it attracts. It constantly flows toward the pores of the dust of the sword dust, and the energy that flows into the body continues to increase. The violent factors that are contained in it are also older and more powerful. The pain caused by this violent factor to the flesh has caused the sword dust to be sweaty, but he is still holding his teeth hard. .At this time, the purple-yellow-green light of the sword dust Dan Tianzhong suddenly exudes a faint layer of purple and blue light, and at the same time, the intense pain that comes through the whole body of Jian Chen suddenly disappeared. I saw the turbulent factor that was absorbed along with the strange energy in the blood of the golden wire and silver snake, and put the Buddha on by an inexplicable suction. Just entered the body of the sword dust, and immediately moved toward the sword dust Tanaka. The purple, green, and blue spots rushed.Suddenly, the sudden changes made Jian Chen's face look a little glimpse, but when he understood what was going on, he immediately breathed a sigh of relief. Jian Chen also knew that in the past, when he absorbed the energy in the magic nucleus, it contained The violent elements in the magic nucleus will be absorbed by the purple and green spots in Dantianzhong, so it is not strange to what happened now.Without the brutal factor afflicting one's body, Jian Chen’s painful look suddenly relaxed. However, Jian Chen did not relax in the slightest and immediately calmed down to observe the situation in his body.I saw only those special factors absorbed from the snake's blood. When I first entered my body, the violent elements contained in it immediately escaped, and I was spotted in the purple and green light of my own. Absorption of the past, and the remaining harmless special factors, slowly gathered toward the serpentines in the abdomen, and finally gathered around the snake gall.The speed of absorption of those special factors in the snake's blood is very slow. The sword dust stays in the barrel for a day and a night. It finally absorbs all the special factors contained in the blood into the body. At this moment in the dust of the sword dust, a thick layer of strange factors has accumulated around the snake gallbladder.After the absorption of this day and night, because the essence of the blood is absorbed, the blood in the barrel not only fades in color, but also the bloody smell that was originally emitted disappears without a trace. .Now, it is only the last step, and the most important step, from the point of the poisonous and non-invasive body. Whether or not it can successfully develop into a poisonous, non-invasive body depends entirely on this last step.