Chapter 109 Encountered RobberyJian Chen continued to stroll in the street, since it has successfully bought this strange white stone, and now the sword dust is not so anxious to study this white stone in the end what is strange, and continue to wander in the street, see See if there is an opportunity to meet baby again.However, there is something strange about the sword dust. Since he bought the white stone, the two light spots in Dantianzhong once again calmed down and did not set off a slight ripple. For such things, JianDian is not going to control him now. He has to wait until he has time to study Bai Shi in order to see if he can use Bai Shi as a breakthrough point to find a solution to his two color spots in Dantian. .Once the troubles of these two light spots are resolved, the sword dust will undoubtedly have a lot of smoothness in cultivation. Although the presence of these two light spots will allow the sword dust to absorb the energy within the magic nucleus, it will be three layers faster than usual, and it will also be able to The sword dust solves the problem of absorbing the violent elements in the magical nuclear energy, but the consumption of magic nuclei is really too large. The large sword dust has caused the future cultivation path to be worried.If it is possible, Jian Chen would prefer his own cultivation speed to revert back to the previous one. The violent factors contained in the magic nuclear energy will be solved by himself. They are not willing to have a variable that they cannot control in Dantian. After all, they look in sword dust. In that case, the purple, green, and black light spots are completely an irregular bomb that can explode at any time. Although this way, one's own cultivation will be slow, but at least one does not have to worry about the magic core all day, and even if there is no The magic nucleus can also cultivate itself by absorbing the aura between heaven and earth. In addition, the two points of light in Dantianzhong were lifted. Even if the sword dust absorbs the energy in the magic nucleus to cultivate, the consumption of the magic nucleus should be reduced. A third-order magic nucleus is enough to support him for several days or even ten days. Consumed, so count, Jian Chen spent a day to hunt the world of Warcraft or perhaps the magic nucleus, it is enough for him to practice for several months, and as the time to kill World of Warcraft decreased, sword dust also have more time to spend In terms of cultivation, if we count this way, even if the light spots of the purple and the green in Dantianzhong are lifted, the overall cultivation speed of the sword dust will not be much affected.Jianwu is aimlessly wandering around the street, his eyes constantly buzzing around on the street, and occasionally even a few shops have a look inside. Something such as the strange white stone occurred, which undoubtedly raised awake to the sword dust. So now, the sword dust completely wanders in the streets with the heart of Taobao, to see if you can find some bizarre stuff and feel yourself. The thing of interest, or something that can be encountered again, can cause the two abnormal spots in Dantian.Unfortunately, all the way to hang around, Jian Chen is disappointed, there is no gain at all."It seems that these things can never be met, ah." Jian Chen issued a sound of helpless sigh, looked at the sky is not too early, and then also lost the hearts of continuing to stroll.Jian Chen's eyes narrowed slightly behind him, and his mouth smirked, whispering: “It’s not too early now. I’m going to find a restaurant to rest in the back, and I’m going to be together tomorrow morning with everyone. Go to the World of Warcraft Mountains." Then, Jian Chen looked around and found a street with less pedestrian traffic.Afterwards, Jian Chen continued to shuttle through the streets in all directions. His pace was not as fast as if he was arbitrarily shopping. However, the roads he followed were relatively remote and less crowded.After passing through a few quiet alleys again, Jian Chen finally came to a quiet and uninhabited alley. At the end of the small alley, he was blocked by a wall that was more than four meters high. This turned out to be It is a dead end.Jian Chen stopped and moved down, then turned to look at the back of this secluded no one, his face showing a trace of sneerless disdain, the tone said plainly: "Friend, followed me so far away, Don't dare to come out to see you?"The sword dust did not last long. At the end of the otherwise lonely alley, a group of people suddenly came out. There were a dozen or so people coming here. They were all around the age of twenty or thirty. The biggest one looked close to forty. Now.More than a dozen people immediately began to form a team and blocked only the sole exit of Zhang Huowan’s Xiao Hutong. It is obvious that they did not want sword dust to leave from the only exit. Then, the ten Several talents kept their formations slowly walking toward Jian Chen. Everyone stared at Jian Chen with fierce eyes and looked like a vicious look.Jian Chen is still smiling and looking at a dozen people across the street slowly, for a dozen people that look like a vicious look as if they did not even see it, with his eyes, with the help of powerful God, Looking at the strength of the dozen or so people across the board, the strength of the weakest of them was not even met, and there were three people with the power of the Holy One. The most surprising thing was to see Jian Chen. Among them, the one who seems to be the oldest seems to have the strength of the sages, and is even stronger than Kanda, the head of the flame party, and has a stronger rank.This man is a middle-aged man. He is about 40 years old. He is dressed in a blue robe and has a fierce face. He has long short hair on his head. On both sides of the lip and under the chin, he has a large number of Beard"Several people have followed such a long way. I don't know how expensive it is." Jian Chen still has a slight smile on his face and asks indifferently.The oldest middle-aged man with a mid-level sages stared at Jian Chen with a glance, and said: "You have already discovered us."Jian Chen hands gently on his chest and smiled and said: "Of course, you follow me so boldly, but also with such a long way, would like to make it difficult to find."After listening to these words, the middle-aged man who had the strength of the mid-level sages had a look of an utterly enlightened voice and said: “Instead, we are too negligent.” Here, the middle-aged man suddenly changed his face. A pair of fierce eyes stared at the sword dust tightly, and Shen Sheng shouted: "Boy, now the only exit on this road has been sealed by us. If you do not want to die, immediately take your space belt and all valuable objects on your body. Throw it to me, or you'll be ready to lie here forever.""What I want to do depends on whether or not you have the strength to take it." Although the tone of Jian Chen's tone is flat, any chilliness contained in it can be clearly heard by anyone.Hearing, middle-aged people are no longer nonsense, and waved with one hand and said, "You give me and take him. It's ours that everything on him is."After listening to the words of middle-aged people, the dozen people around him immediately rushed toward Jian Chen. They also put their sacred soldiers in their hands. Among them, several of them have not yet achieved power. The powerful man also took a sword with iron bars and iron machetes and rushed toward Jian Chen without fear.Looking at the face of the dozen people who rushed, the mouth of the sword dust exposed a trace of sneer, just a few dozen people away from him only less than 10 meters away from the distance, the sword dust body gently leap, the whole body like a swallow-like Volleyball flew up, and both feet took advantage of the wall on both sides of the hutong to make use of the power. Passing through the sky above the heads of the dozens of people, they leaped past and went straight to the middle-aged man. At the same time, a silver-white sword suddenly appeared. Appeared in the right hand, and then turned into a silvery lightning in the mid-air, piercing toward the middle-aged man's throat at a speed that was barely visible to the naked eye.As his own strength continues to increase, the body of Jian Chen’s body is tempered by a special method. His body is stronger than before, and the body’s strength and the power of the Holy Spirit increase. The speed of the sword is also a lot faster than before. This is an ordinary sword. Its speed is so fast that even the Holy One can hardly resist it.After all, if the attack speeds up, it must not only be backed by a powerful and strong Holy Power, but also has very strict physical and physical requirements. Therefore, this hand Jian Jian sword, not only in the rivers and lakes in his previous life, no one can break, even on the heavens and Tianyuan, unless it is stronger than him too much, otherwise, if once and sword dust People with the same level of strength are unable to withstand the sword of Jian Chen. If the sword dust strikes one stroke, among those of the same rank in his ranks, I am afraid that there is no chance of even responding. She has already been sealed by a sword.Looking at the menacing sword of sword dust, the middle-aged man's face shows a sneer, and then a half-person machete suddenly appears in the right hand. The middle-aged man holds the knife with both hands, and the power of the mighty Holy Spirit flows on the machete. Immediately afterwards, a violent drink was struck, and a machete was waved to the long sword of the sword.    "Ding!"The Breeze Sword collided with the middle-aged man's machetes and broke out with a crisp sound of steel and steel. The two sacred soldiers collided and the resulting anti-seismic force actually made the middle-aged man's footsteps a slight step back. Then, looking at Jian Chen's eyes, he was surprised and unbelievable.Because before the middle-aged man did not put the sword dust in his heart, judging by his eyes, most of the people in the sword dust, who were not more than twenty years old, had almost the strength of the saints, even if they were talented. At the very least, it was only the first time to enter the Holy One. It was no threat to the team like him, but it was not until this time that the middle-aged man was shocked to find that even though he had already seen Gao Jian in his mind, but The strength is still far beyond his expectation, even if compared with him is not much weaker.Dust dust body volleyed a few times volley, easily unloaded the body's anti-seismic force, and finally fell to the ground firmly on the ground, just a drop, the sword dust did not stop, the body quickly toward the middle-aged man a few meters away Rushing, the light wind sword in the hand suddenly exudes a layer of sturdy sword awns, enveloping the entire sword body, and then once again turned into a silvery light, piercing at a speed that is hard to distinguish from the naked eye, and the goal is relieved by the middle-aged man’s throat.