Chapter 103 Flames Mercenaries"Little brother, the seat here is already full. I don't know if I can sit here."At this moment, a slightly sounding sound came from Jian Chen. Hearing it, Jian Chen raised his head slightly and saw a middle-aged man standing on the opposite side of this table he was smiling. The eyes are full of kindness.The middle-aged man, who is about 40 years old, is dressed in a blue robe. However, the sharp-edged sword dust can tell that this robe is made of crude fabric and is very cheap. The type of middle-aged man has a short black hair with a long, unpredictable appearance. It is a very common kind of one, and the kindness and kindness between the looks are not arbitrarily dressed.Jian Chen smiled nodded and said: "Since the tables in the restaurant are full, and I do not need such a wide position alone, we should share with you, please sit!""So, thank you very much to this little brother." The middle-aged man smiled, arched his hands against the sword dust, and then he was not at all polite. He just sat down and took a stool and sat down."Children, come a pound of white wine, a pound of horsepower!" Just sat down, the middle-aged man cried."Well, please, wait, wait, please wait!" The shop clerk replied far.Jian Chen’s eyes stayed on the face of the middle-aged man, and he ignored him and ate his own things.The middle-aged man's eyes once again looked at Jian Chen, and he smiled: "This little brother does not know what to call.""Dust!" The sword dust chewed on the meat, and the tone was a little ambiguous.“The sword dust, huh, huh, this name is nice.” The middle-aged man looked up and down and looked at the sword dust again. Then he asked again: “The little brother of Jian Chen, surely you are a mercenary.”Jian Chen nodded his head and said, "Yes, due to limited strength, I am still only a low-level d-level mercenary."The rank of the mercenary is linked to its own strength and the success of the task. The lowest d mercenary is generally a mercenary rookie who has just been promoted to the Holy Spirit, but among the d mercenaries, there are still Some people who were not talented in cultivation and who did not condense the sacred soldiers, although the middle-aged men across the street showed a very good attitude, but Jian Chen did not reveal his accurate strength.The middle-aged man smiled carelessly and said: "Little brother, look at your age, but at most it is only twenty years old. At this age, you can successfully condense the sacred soldier into a saint, and the future will be unlimited. "Ah." The middle-aged man said this sentence is a sincere, just said here, the middle-aged man suddenly sighed and continued: "I think when I was twenty-five years old, I successfully condense in the body. The sacred soldier broke through the sanctification, but the younger brother you can reach the power of the saint in the age of twenty. Presumably in the near future, Tianyuan will once again have an extra talented earth teacher." When it comes to the four words of the earth teacher, the look of the middle-aged man is a yearning.Wen Yan, the sword dust can not help but once again looked at the middle-aged man, in the hearts of middle-aged men have generated a bit of favor, but nothing more.Twenty-five years old condense the sacred soldiers. In terms of the Tianyuan Continent, the qualifications are indeed mediocre. Such people have the greatest limit in their lives almost at the stage of the Great Teacher. If there is no opportunity to encounter them, I am afraid that I will not be able to break into the earth as a teacher.After all, between the Grand Master and the Holy Master, there was a very difficult hurdle. It was even harder to condense a sacred soldier than to sacred to be a saint. Because, from The Grand Master broke through to the earth teacher. When he was not paying attention, he would fall into a place of eternal redemption. The light person was seriously injured and was repaired as a total loss. He became a waste person for life. The heaviest ones, however, are directly killed by Huang Quan.Between the Grand Master and the Earth Master, there was a life and death hurdle. On Tianyuan mainland, there were many people with mediocre qualifications, and they stopped at the Grand Master for life. There was no hope of breaking into the Holy Master. There are no fewer people who died on this step.In order to break from the Great Teacher to the Holy Master, the success rate is only 1%.For this, the sword dust is very clear in mind, because of this knowledge, he is in the college library, or in Changyang House's library has read."Little brother, surely you haven't joined the mercenary regiment yet." The middle-aged man looked at Jian Chen with a smile and opened his mouth.Hearing that, in the heart of Jian Chen's heart, he already guessed what the middle-aged man will do next, but he nodded and said, "Yes!""The younger brother is not as good as you come to the Flame Corps. Our mercenary mercenary group is a small mercenary group that does not enter the air, but the people inside are very kind." The look of the middle-aged man revealed a hint of expectation.After listening to these words, Jian Chen fell silent. Before that, he had never thought of joining any mercenary group in his mind. In his opinion, no matter which mercenary group he joined, for himself, It is a drag, a heavy parcel that can not only play its own game, but also hinder the improvement of one's own strength. After all, if his strength is to be improved quickly, the only way is to rely on absorption. The energy in the magic nucleus, and the number of magic nucleuses needed, is a very large number. If he alone enters the World of Warcraft Mountains and kills Warcraft, then all the harvest is naturally his own income, so that he can barely follow him. The speed of consumption.However, if he joins a team, although the hunting of Warcraft is easier, the distribution of the number of magic nuclei becomes a problem. It can be said that if the sword dust really joins the mercenary regiment, unless it moves alone, otherwise The distribution of the magic nucleus is not as good as he alone hunted Warcraft.See Jian Chen meditation, middle-aged man did not give up, continue to say: "The little brother of sword dust, our flame mercenary group is just a small mercenary regiment, is nothing for the players, unlike those large mercenary groups There are various rules and regulations in the inside, which make one or two big ones. You join our mercenary group just to provide you with a more easy and simple way to make money. After all, you know that hunting is one of Warcraft. It is a very profitable thing, and after all, the magic nuclei can sell a very good price, and the power of their own cultivation of the Holy Spirit is also indispensable. Others even the bodies of the World of Warcraft are also items purchased by the major restaurants at a high price.""The so-called people are more powerful, once we have more people, even if it is high-end Warcraft, we can also kill, you think about it, once we successfully killed a high-end Warcraft, which in the end the profits in the end How old is it, you must have counted in your heart." As he said here, the middle-aged man paused his tone and looked at the sword dust. He continued: "If you are alone, you may be dealing with some low-level Warcraft, but these are sold by Warcraft. Can not sell a few money, the result has spent a lot of effort to kill it, perhaps the money is not enough to sell your healing fee, and it does not rule out the event once the powerful World of Warcraft and Warcraft group attacks, Do you think that you can deal with several or even dozens of World of Warcraft players? This is absolutely impossible. In the end, it is not that you have lost your life in vain."See Jian Chen still does not speak, the middle-aged man again tempted and tempted: "The little brother of the sword dust, on the matter of the distribution of benefits, although you rest assured, our flame mercenary group is only a small mercenary group just established a few years ago However, the brothers in the group are all iron-clad guys. It is more important to see the friendship between brothers than money. Once we have gained, no matter if you have any or not, you will not be at a disadvantage.