Chapter 108"This ....." The stall owner looked at Jian Chen's face and his eyes showed a hint of hesitation. For this strange stone, although this stall owner knew that it was certainly not an ordinary thing, he really didn't know this. In the end, in order to clarify the origin of this stone, he also consulted some books about rare and valuable treasures, but he still did not find the answer above, and even asked many good friends, they found nothing. After thinking about it again, he finally made up his mind to sell this stone.Unfortunately, on the Tianyuan mainland, almost no one knew the role of this strange stone. He set off for a few months. Although many people have expressed curiosity about this stone, they are eager to buy it. Upon hearing the price of this stone, both immediately let go of the stone, because this stall owner also knows that this stone is definitely not an ordinary stone. Although he does not know what it does, he still wants to sell it. With the price, many people gave up buying this stone with little hesitation after hearing the price he quoted.At the moment, when the sword dust asked the price of the stone, the stall owner also felt an uncertain idea. Now he really needs a large sum of money. It can be said that this stone is the only thing he can earn for him with certain money. He said that the price was too high. He also feared that Jian Chen would immediately drop this stone and leave it like everyone else. If the price was too low, the owner would not be reconciled to his heart. Therefore, when the sword dust asked about the price, The proprietor's heart is a contradiction, not knowing what kind of price is appropriate in the end.Hesitated for a moment, and the stall owner finally said, "This little brother, if you've really taken a look at this bizarre stone, then you simply say that the price is good."Hearing that, Jianqi looked at the stall owner with interest and looked at him with a chuckle. "This should be that you are selling something. It stands to reason that the price of the item is completely driven by you. Why should I say the price? ."After listening to these words, the stall owner's face showed a hint of awkward look and smiled: "The little brother, not that I don't want to say the price, but I fear that my price will come out and I will scare you because I used to There are also many people who are a little interested in this stone, but once I hear the price I said, they don’t even talk about it, so they simply drop things and leave.”"Oh, how much do you think this broken rock can be worth?" The sword dust came in and asked. In his mind, he has already determined to buy this stone. Although Jian Chen does not know what this white stone does, he can't know why it was caused by the same purple and green spots in Dantianzhong. Things. Maybe, this stone is still a thing that can solve the two light spots in Dantian.Therefore, the heart of the sword is a must for this stone.The stall owner took a look at Jian Chen’s face and immediately gave a bite and said: “Little brother, if you are really interested in this stone, I’ll sell it to you cheaper. Look, how do you count this? "Said," said the stall's outstretched hand, his fingers wide open and shook in front of his body.Looking at the owner's movements, Jian Zhuo's eyes showed a joking look and then said in uncertain tone: "Is it 50 gold coins?"After listening to these words, the booth owner suddenly felt a blush and thick neck, and the price that Jian Chen had said was a difference of a hundred thousand miles from the price he had in mind.The stall owner reluctantly sighed and said: "Little brother, I don't wander around with you. Let's talk clearly. I'll sell five hundred purple gold coins for this stone. Do you want to," said the stall owner. A pair of eyes staring at sword dust."What! Five hundred purple coins! You are not kidding!" Jian Chen whispered in a whisper, his eyes could not believe staring at the stallholder, especially the three words of purple gold coins, sword dust bite particularly heavy. Five hundred purple gold coins, equivalent to 50,000 gold coins.The owner's face was slightly red. From the face of Jian Chen's face, the owner of the stall had already understood that five hundred purple gold coins were not to be sold."This ... this ... this ... little brother, I think you still have a price, if the price allows me to accept, I can also sell it to you." Booth said a bitter look.Wen Yan, the sword dust took a deep breath, and then looked once again looked at the strange white stone in the next hand, he hesitated between the look.After a long period of time, Jian Chen finally seemed to have made up his mind and said: "I'll give up to one hundred purple gold coins. Selling is not for sale, it's up to you." Then, Dust’s eyes fixed on the booth. Lord, but in his heart, it is also a strain. Although the sword dust in the heart is a must for the stone, but it can be bought cheaply, of course, is no better than that, and this one hundred purple coins, for the small mercenary such as the owner is also a Not a small number.In addition, the Jian Chen also saw early that the stall owner, who was only about 30 years old, was a savvy man. He could never show his willingness to think of this stone. Once he was seen by the stall owner, he would He also wondered if he would ask for prices.Moreover, there is another reason, that is, the sword dust can not expose the things that they have too much money, otherwise, in this wicked Tianyuan mainland, I am afraid that some people come to find their own troubles, although the sword dust this The strength of the time has not feared the strong ranks of the sages, but such troubles can be avoided or avoided as much as possible.A sword dust was willing to buy one hundred purple gold coins to buy this stone. The owner’s eyes immediately revealed a delightful look. However, even though he was hidden away, he was distressed by the color of his face, sinking: “The little brother You can see if you can add more points."Jian Chen's face hung a faint smile, gently shook his head, for the owner's eyes that a trace of joy in the color, Jian Chen is to see clearly.See Jian Chen refuses to increase the price. The proprietor's eyes clearly show a slight disappointment, biting his teeth and thinking again and again, and finally he nodded his head and said: "Well, one hundred purple gold coins will be sold!"Afterwards, Jian Chen took out a large number of purple purple gold coins directly from the space belt and tossed hundreds of them directly to the stall owner. At the same time, he put the fast-paced white stone into his own space belt and immediately Left here.Although Jian Chen is eager to study the role of this strange white stone, it is obviously not a good place on this mixed street.However, immediately after the sword dust left, two people noticed him. Both were young people in their twenties and were of thin build."Primary 3, it seems that we have met a fat sheep today." The thin young man on the left looked at the direction in which the sword dust left, whispered, and his voice was mixed with excitement.The young man known as the Primary Three nodded slightly and said: "Yes, seeing that the man is not old, his strength should not be strong, and he is alone, it is a rare opportunity, and he can come up with whatever he likes. With a lot of purple gold coins coming out, surely there are still more purple gold coins on him, yellow monkeys, you are very sensitive. You go and follow him. I will tell everyone now." Then, the youngsters quickly rushed into the crowd and disappeared. Not seen, while the yellow monkey is far following the sword dust.