The 106th chapterNext, several members of the Jian Chen and Flames Mercenary Corps chatted and talked about some of the stories and interesting things they heard while walking on the Tianyuan mainland over the past years. After this chat, Jian Chen and The relationship between the members of the mercenary mercenary regiment has also drawn a lot of unknowingly.However, it is worth mentioning that members of the mercenary mercenary group, including the head of Kend, are both generous and sentimental, although Jian Chen only showed them his own class d mercenary group. Badges, but they did not look down on the sword dust. In this Tianyuan continent where strength is respected and the fists are spoken, although such people are not absent, they are rare.Therefore, the image of the mercenary mercenary group in the heart of the sword dust suddenly became much better.Unconsciously, the time had already reached noon. At this moment, a knock on the door came in from outside the door."It must have been Kabides. They have come back." Hearing a knock at the door, a beaming knife eyes showed a delightful look and immediately went over to open the door.The Jian Chen’s eyes also fell outside the door. His heart was clear. I am afraid that the other two members of the Flame Combat Corps came back.The door opened, and two men in civilian clothes came in from the outside. One of them looked like a youth about 30 years old. The young man was of medium build. It was about the same size as the sword dust. His bright eyes shone with bright light. . The other person is a middle-aged man. From the aspect of appearance, the middle-aged man's age is comparable to that of the head of Kanda, and from time to time, in a pair of bland eyes, he flashes a sensation."Kabides, Deere, both of you are finally back." Kent's head is full of smiles and said: "Come on, I'll introduce to you, this is the sword dust, but it is new to join our flames. Members of the mercenary regiment will all be brothers in the future and must be related to each other."Immediately afterwards, the head of Kanda looked at Jian Chen. "The little brother of Jian Chen, the young man named Kabides, although his strength is not strong, it is the most intelligent person in our mercenary mercenary regiment. We Many of the group’s decisions were almost made by Kabides. Another age is similar to mys. Deere is also one of the most powerful members of our mercenary group and has the power of the senior saints. In the next two or three years, I believe that we can break through the great saints and become a sages."Afterwards, Jian Chen and Kabides and Deere were very kind to each other and they were considered preliminary."Dust dust, I think you are about twenty years old, do not know what kind of strength you have now." Kabides stared at the sword dust, with a little curiosity in the tone.Jian Chen smiled slightly and did not make a positive reply. Instead, he took out a mercenary badge from the space band and smiled. "I also became a d-class mercenary not long ago.""Oh!" Cabuzes nodded slightly, looked deep into the eyes of the sword and dust, his eyes revealed a trace of unnoticeable thoughts, and then untied his own space belt, handed the head of the Kend, said: " Uncle Kant, I have all the things we need, and we are waiting for the next day."The head of Kade's result was Karbides' delivery of a space belt and said: "Well, all the supplies on the road are now ready. Then we will start our journey tomorrow morning. This time, we must kill a few more World of Warcraft. The little brother of Jian Chen, do you have any opinion.""No, everything will obey the arrangements of Uncle Kant." Jian Chen said with a smile."Okay, let's take a good rest today. We'll have a good spirit. We'll be ready for tomorrow."After leaving the hut, the sword dust wandered alone in WACKER. For tomorrow's battle, the sword dust was not taken care of, because the strength of the mercenary mercenary group, in order to avoid casualties Easy to kill World of Warcraft, that only select the second-order, as the third-order World of Warcraft, although the flame mercenary group has a sages, four great sages, but this strength to deal with third-order Warcraft is still a bit reluctant, and the flames mercenary At this moment, whether it is to go hunting second-order Warcraft or third-order World of Warcraft, it can be said that it can not pose a threat to the sword dust, unless you meet the fourth-order Warcraft.Moreover, even if you meet the fourth-order World of Warcraft, although the sword dust can not beat, but in order to escape, he still has a little self-confidence, so for tomorrow's action to the Warcraft Mountains, sword dust did not feel the slightest pressure.After consulting with the other members of the Flame Corps mercenary group for a good assembly time tomorrow, Jian Chen, on the grounds of supplemental supplies, left the dimly-lit house and wandered alone in Wak City.Although Jian Chen has come to WACKER for some time, most of the time he escaped in the Mountain of Warcraft. The time spent in the city is estimated to be only about ten days, and he spends most of his time in these ten days. It was all spent in cultivation, and it was true that we did not have time. Therefore, while we were idle, Jian Chen also planned to visit WACKER.Although WACKER has a small footprint, it is also hundreds of kilometers in size. The entire city is surrounded by a thick, high-rise city wall. If you take the usual pace, you can walk from the east to the west of the city. You have to embark on several occasions. Due to the geographical advantages of WACKER near the mountains of Warcraft, the city is very lively every day, and the migrant population is very large. Almost one-third of the entire Wak City area is occupied by privately-owned restaurants.Jian Chen walked on the street, curious eyes constantly passing over the street stalls placed on both sides of the street, these vendors stall stalls are almost all mercenaries, of course, there are a small number of businessmen, and hawking items, in addition to In addition to some grotesque stuff, there are some herbs, magic nucleus, etc., but most of these magic nucleus are first-order, second-order are rare, simply can not attract the eyes of the sword dust.Although there are many magic nuclear acquirers on Tianyuan mainland, some mercenaries who sell magic nuclei to those buyers can only exchange for about 70% of the value of the magic core itself. Therefore, There are many mercenaries who prefer to sell the magic nuclei in their hands at a lower level of market price. They are reluctant to sell to those buyers. Therefore, this has created a lot of mercenaries to sell their magic nuclei themselves. In spite of this, despite the role that the magic nucleus needs for everyone on the Tianyuan continent, there are still many rich people who spend money to buy magic nuclei from these mercenaries. Therefore, these street vendors sell magic nuclei. It is always around some people bargaining with stall owners.Just as the sword dust walked along the street at a leisurely pace, all of a sudden, his purple, green, and blue light spots in Dantianzhong began to jump violently. With the two light spots beating, the entire Dantian of Jiandeng was affected. The huge influence, from the original calm lake without the slightest ripples, the waves that suddenly changed, and even the body of the Holy Power are almost uncontrolled by the sword dust.Jian Chen’s face suddenly changed. The purple, green, and yellow spots that Dantian himself could not control had always been the most worrying thing in his mind. Although these two light spots on weekdays were peaceful and peaceful, they only stayed in the pubic region. And he snatched the energies of the magic nucleus, but the sword dust was clear that his two spots of light in Dantian would cause him some troubles sooner or later. Today, this purple, green and two light spots finally cease to be calm.