Chapter Ten Weight ()Chang Yangke held the axe tightly with both hands and looked at the sword dust with vigilance. Because of the lesson he had just learned, he no longer dared to underestimate the sword dust, so this particular caution.Jian Chen's face is always hung with a faint smile, and see Changyang Ke's eyes still carry a kind of play that Chang Yang Ke can not understand, said: "The third brother, you can start the attack yet?"Chang Yang tightened the axe in his hands. This time, he mobilized the Holy Power in his body and immediately rushed toward the sword dust again, which was obviously faster than before.The sword dust waved his hand freely to the branch that had only half a meter in length, and suddenly he gave birth to a wonderful feeling, as if his own god had a very intimate connection with the branch, and at the same time in the sword dust. In his brain, he could not help but realize the supernatural powers of God’s Imperial Sword that he realized in his previous life when he was about to die. Finally, under the control of his “God”, the sword in his hand leaped over 100 meters to pierce the scene of Tokgo to defeat the throat. .Thought of this, the sword dust thoughts move, the meaning of the control of the branches of the hand toward Changyang grams to go."Oh!"As soon as the thoughts began, the branches held in the hands of the sword dust seemed to be alive. They autonomously flew out of the hands of the sword dust, and thundered toward Changyangke at an extremely fast speed, and the whole branch was faintly covered with a faint white light. With a strong and full of sharp air, Jian Qi was born out of it. The speed of the branches was very fast. It was as lightning-fast and I saw a flash of light and I had already arrived at Changyangke's chest.Feeling the speed of the tree's flight and the sturdy air on the branch where he did not know where to come from, the sword dust was shocked and immediately stopped the tree branches. The speed of the sticking out of the branch and the sudden appearance of Jian Qi on the branch, He had no doubt that this branch of bamboo could easily pierce Chang Yangke's body. Even if he couldn't die, he would suffer serious injuries. Once this kind of consequence was created, the sword and dust would be in jeopardy.The branch had finally stopped when he reached Changyok's chest. Despite this, the front of the branch also pierced Chang Yangke's chest. However, it was good that the penetration was not deep, but only pierced the skin. If the sword dust reacts more slowly, the body of Chang Yangke will be pierced by this branch, and the consequences will be unthinkable.Jian Chen wiped the cold sweat on his forehead. His gods and branches had a very intimate connection. Through the induction of the branches, the dust in the sword understood that the branches just pierced the skin of Chang Yangke. There was nothing wrong with this. Make the sword dust a lot of relaxation.The severe pain from the chest caused Chang Yangke's cheeky little face to go blank. When he looked down and saw the blood on his chest, his face suddenly changed, and he immediately burst into tears. The tears in the eyes flowed like fountains."Blood...Blood...Bleeding, Wow... Four younger brother .... You .... You beat me, oh...... Mother... Mother... I'm going to tell my mother to go... Mother...... Four brothers beat me...” At this moment, Chang Yangke seems to have become a naughty child who is crying, throwing away the wooden axe in his hands and cries out to the garden. After all, Chang Yangke is just a child who is still under ten years old and still grows in a greenhouse.Watching Chang Yangke gradually disappearing in sight, Jian Chen reluctantly shook his head and walked toward his place of residence. He knew that in the next, I am afraid he would be severely criticized."What, Chang Bo, you wouldn't be kidding me." In a study, Chang Yangfu, the head of Changyang House, suddenly stood up from his chair and stared at the old man standing opposite. The tone said in surprise.The old man was the steward of Changyang Prefecture, Chang Bo.Chang Bo nodded affirmatively and said, with seriousness: "I don't believe in this matter," but there are dozens of people in the kitchen who clearly see that the four young masters did a kitchen work. The guy was injured, and in the end he even raised the weight of a hundred kilograms of the man and threw it five meters away, and most importantly, the man himself was a possessor. The strength of the three-story Holy Power."After listening to these words, the surprised look in the eyes of Changyang’s tyrants was stronger, and the faintness was still somewhat unbelievable.Chang Bo looked at the Changyang tyrant and hesitated the meeting slightly. Again, he said, “The owner, just after I received the news, when the four young masters competed in the garden with the three young masters, they used only one branch to beat the three young masters. Was injured.""What, Xiang Er and Keer made a contest. Xiang Er actually injured Ke." Chang Yang Pa's tone was full of surprise again."Yes, the homeowner, and the four masters use only one branch, and the three young masters use a wooden axe." Chang Bo added.“How could this be possible!” Chang Yang Pa once again stood up from his chair and said: “Xiang Er couldn’t practice the power of the Holy Spirit. On the other hand, Ke Er was not only three years older than Xiang, but also the power of the Holy Spirit. After reaching the third floor, plus the time of practicing martial arts every day, how could it be defeated by Xiang Yu who did not martial arts?”At this time, Chang Bo suddenly appeared in the hands of a half-meter long branch, said: "The owner, the four young master is to use this branch to defeat the three young master."The Changyang tyrant borrowed a handful of branches than the little fingers they had handed over to Chang Bo. On the other side of the branches, it was stained with blood.When Chang Yang Pa's eyes fell on the blood that had dried up at the break of the branches, his face suddenly became dignified. "Chang Bo, Ke Er is all right.""The three young masters are all right, but they just broke the skin." Chang Bo replied.Chang Yang Pa nodded slightly, his face looked good, then carefully looked at the branch several times in his hand, and the look in his eyes became more and more confused, and finally could not help but said: "Chang Bo This is just an ordinary branch that can no longer be normal, and the tip is also very flat. With the strength of Xiang, using this branch can not hurt the child.After listening to these words, Chang Bo nodded slightly, but in his eyes, he gradually revealed a hint of wisdom, saying: “I have a bold speculation, the owner, maybe the four young masters may not be the ones who cannot practice the power of the Holy Spirit, and look at the young masters today. In the performance, perhaps the four young masters have already cultivated the power of the Holy Spirit, and at least it is the strength of the fourth layer of Holy Power. Otherwise, the four young masters cannot defeat Qiu II who has the power of three layers of Holy Spirit."Wen Yan, Changyang tyrant face slightly happy, and the eyes have gradually appeared a trace of excitement, for this talented childhood, but it can not practice the four sons, this has always been the biggest regret Changyang Pa mind.“Chang Bo, do you mean that Cheung can not only cultivate the power of the Holy Spirit, but also a cultivation genius.” Chang Yang Pa tone slightly trembling, full of emotion. At the age of seven, it reached the fourth level of the Holy Power. This was placed on the Tianyuan mainland and indeed was a rare genius. After all, under normal circumstances, it usually takes about age to reach the fourth level of Holy Power.Chang Bo nodded slightly and said: “I’m watching him grow up with the four young masters. His talent is extraordinary. I look very clearly. For the four young masters, I always hold great expectations in my heart. I feel that in the near future, the accomplishments of the four masters will surely surpass me."Hearing the words behind Chang Bo, Chang Yang's body couldn't help but feel a slight tremble, and his eyes could not believe and look ecstatic.Chang Bo continued: “When I first learned that the four young masters were a waste person who could not cultivate the power of the Holy Spirit, I also felt very strange. I always felt that it seemed a little wrong, but I still didn’t understand exactly where it came from. The problem, up till now, from the two things that the four young masters have done, I only confirmed that my previous guess was correct. The four young masters are not those who cannot cultivate the power of the Holy Spirit. Instead, they are still a practicing genius.”Chang Yang Pa took a deep breath and slowly calmed down his excitement. When he was about to say something, suddenly a Jia Ding ran in and said respectfully to Changyang’s tyrant. “The owner, the three young masters were injured. The three ladies asked the owner to take a trip.""You know, you retreat." Changyang tyrant waved and said plainly."Yes!" Jia Ding replied respectfully and slowly, he retired.Changyang Pa eyes to the steward Chang Pei, light laughed: "Chang Bo, not as good as we have to look at the past, by the way also to care about Xiang children, this time really cold Xiangxiang children." Said here, Changyang Pa 微微一He said in a serious tone: "Chang Bo, the two kitchen guys who bullied Xiang, still bothered you to drive them out of my house in Changyang. Hey, two people, and they actually bullied the son of Changyang Pa. of."Chang Bo smiled a little and said: “The owner, those two people, I have driven them out of Fuchu. Even though one of them was introduced by Mrs. Dai, the other is the younger brother of Fuchu’s guard captain Hill, but he dares to bully himself. On the head of the four young masters, they didn't have to stay in Fuchu. Otherwise, I would like to see where my face in Changyang Prefecture is."In a large and luxuriously decorated room, Changyangke, who was injured by the sword dust, was lying on the bed, his face a little pale, and the wound on his chest had been carefully wrapped.On the bedside, Chang Yangke's mother Yu Fengyan looked at his son with a painful look, not far away, Jian Chen and his mother Pik Wan Tin, and the big aunt exquisite, the second aunt Bai Yushuang, the second sister Changyang Mingyue. All stood in the room.Yu Fengyan looked back and stared at Pik Wan with angrily. The tone was a bit gloomy: "Sister-in-law, your baby son is really getting bolder. He actually used a weapon to inflict Ke on it. It was okay for me. Kerry’s life is big and the injury is not serious. Otherwise, I really don’t know what kind of consequences it will cause.”After listening to these words, Jian Chen frowned and said unconvincingly: “This is no wonder that I was the third brother to take the initiative to call me to compete with him. It is inevitable that the two sides will suffer minor injuries. What I use is not a murder weapon. It's just a branch. If you want to blame, then you can only blame the elder brother for not being able to learn.”Yu Fengyan is said to be angry by the sword dust this face of iron green, but why the words of the sword dust said it makes sense, so that Yu Feng Yan can not find a word.When I think of myself as being distressed by a teenager, Yu Fengyan raises an unknown anger in his mind, especially the last sentence of the sword dust: “You must blame the third brother for bad learning skills” This sentence, let Yu Feng Yan burst of green and white for a while, this is not to pick out that his own son is not as good as a person unable to cultivate the power of the saint.See Yu Fengyan actually was a guilty child to gas into this, Bi Yun Tian and Jian Chen's two aunts feel a burst of fun, only the big aunt exquisite expressionless.