Chapter 105. TeamworkThe eyes of everyone in the room suddenly shifted from KFC's head to the sword dust, but when they saw the old face of the sword dust, many people have a look of surprise in their eyes.However, this compliment of Jian Chen's compliment, or make a lot of people have some good feelings about him, after all, strangers met for the first time, the first impression is particularly important.“Dan Chen’s little brother, your name should be called Jian Chen. Come and come and sit down. No matter how old you are, since we joined the Flame Corps of Mercenaries, we will all be brothers. When it's difficult to be the same, if someone later bullies you, you come to me.” A burly man climbed up from the ground, came to the sword and swept his right hand in front of the sword and drew him to his shoulders. Sit down before chair.Jian Chen smiled a little on his face and said: "I don't know how the big brother called it." Then, Jian Chen looked at the big man in front of his eyes. This big Han was very burly, bare upper body, and he was strong. The muscles are raised high and the blocks are clear. The Dahan is about 30 years old. Despite the darkness in the room, the sword dust can still clearly see that Han's skin is dark and looks completely black. In the upper body of Tahanna, it was covered with a terrible wound. From the scars on the scars, these scars should be caused by the fierce Warcraft. At a glance, the famous Han was experienced. Less times and the killing of Warcraft."My name is Amber. I don't mind if you don't mind. If you don't mind me later, then call me my amber brother. Anyway, my age is also bigger than you. You don't lose out even if you call me big brother." Dahan sat in sword dust Side of the water for the sword dust, while he laughed."Well, then, I will call you amber brother." Jian Chen chuckled.At this time, the people who were lying on the floor in the house and drinking small wine slowly climbed up.“The little brother of Jian Chen, I’ll introduce you to it.” The head of Kend came to Jian Chen, and several other people in his fingertips introduced the sword dust.In addition to the sword dust and the head of Kanda, there were six other people in the house. All of the six men were male and were all aged between three and four years old. In addition, they were surprised by the sword dust. There are two twin brothers, Zhou Dakai and Zhou Xiaokai. They are twenty-eight years old and both possess the strength of the primary saints. The ones with long looks are exactly the same. If one of them has a scar on his forehead, it is really difficult to distinguish clearly. They are twin brothers which are big and which are small.The remaining four people, except for the age of 32 years old, have amber outside the primary sage. They are called Yun Xuan, Xiao Dao and Chang Ning Feng.Yun Xuan is very tall, but very long and thin, it seems like a scholar like, he is just 25 years old this year, with the strength of the intermediate saint.The stature's stature is short, and the thin and thin one looks like a skeleton. It looks a lot thinner than Yun Xuan. The knife is a group of flame mercenaries. The youngest person except the sword dust is only 22 this year. At the age of one, it also has the strength of an intermediate saint.Changning Wind is a young man who looks very calm. He is two years younger than Amber and is just thirty, but his strength is stronger than that of Amber."Dust dust, our mercenary mercenary regiment on these few people, there are two other people to the market to buy things, and I believe will soon come back." Kend said. "Tomorrow we have an action for the Flames Mercenary Corps. All the brothers in the group must go. The little brother and sister of the sword dust don't know that you will not participate in the actions of tomorrow. We don't have so many break rules. If you don't want to participate, then No one forced you, entirely on one's own volition.""Action? I do not know what action." Jian dust blinked, questioning asked.Head of Kende gave Jian Chen a white eye, then he took a big shot at the jug on the table. This only said: “What action can be taken, of course, is to go hunting the World of Warcraft Mountains of Warcraft, after all, I founded the flames. The mercenary regiment is to collect a few more people to kill World of Warcraft, because with our current strength, we can only earn a few dollars by hunting Warcraft."To go, of course, go, since it is to go hunting World of Warcraft, then I have any reason not to go." Jian Chen chuckled, immediately agreed."You can rest assured that you are not strong enough, but if you have a good harvest, you will not be able to miss you. If you have a lot of credit, you will also allocate more benefits according to the size of your credit." It is amber to speak."Dust dust, the environment of the World of Warcraft Mountains is very bad, and this trip is also very dangerous, if you meet even the head of the third-order World of Warcraft and several big brothers can not beat, it will very likely lose their lives, therefore, Jian Chen, you still want to consider it.” The person who spoke at this time was actually a knives whose age was not much bigger than the sword dust. The knife was staring at the sword dust with a glance. His face was sincere and his tone was even more so. A solemn look, he really reminded the sword dust.After listening to the knife, the faces of several other people in the room became a bit serious. In particular, the third-order World of Warcraft also exerted a great deal of pressure on them, although Kanda’s leader had the strength of junior sages. However, when encountering third-order Warcraft, it is still only capable of self-protection. After all, the same level of Warcraft, strength is often much stronger than the same level of humans, in the Tianyuan mainland, in order to kill a single player and their own level of Warcraft, Or is it stronger than their own World of Warcraft, not very advanced *** and strong combat skills backed, is almost impossible, and the Holy Power must also be attributed, otherwise, still only escape Road.Although their Kanda’s head is a junior sages, but the power of the saints is not attributed, the attack power is weaker than the holy power with attributes, facing the ordinary third-order Warcraft, although capable In World War I, but only self-protection, if met with some powerful, and good at speed of the third-order World of Warcraft, I am afraid that even the head of Kanda, it is difficult to escape, the final result has only become the taste of Warcraft food.However, no one in the room noticed that when the sword dust heard the third-order World of Warcraft, his eyes revealed a faint disdain. When he had only the strength of the primary Grand Holy Man, he began to hunt and kill the third-ranked World of Warcraft. , The ordinary third-order Warcraft will not pose a threat to the sword dust, unless it is to meet such a different kind of silver snake. Now, the strength of the sword dust has been promoted to mid-level saints, and the strength is even stronger than the primary saints. It can be said that the sword dust has the ability to single out only a few third-order Warcraft."Everybody can rest assured that my strength is not strong, but I used to live in the Mountain of Warcraft and I have a little experience." Jian Chen said.