Chapter 100 Poisonous Body Does Not Invade (1)After leaving the restaurant, Jian Chen came to the bazaar and bought more than a dozen big gourds for water and a big wooden barrel sufficient to hold one person. In addition, he used the space in his daily life that was almost depleted and his survival in the wild. The supply of supplies was supplemented, and roughly 20 sets of roughclothes were bought again. Putting these things into the space belt, the sword dust went straight out of WACKER and walked toward the outside of the city.Came to an unmanned grove and looked around. After confirming no one, he immediately took out the space ring from the space belt and took the silver thread snake out of the space ring. The dozens of big gourds that he bought were brought out one by one and placed neatly on the ground.Looking at the front of this only the thickness of the arm, the body is nearly 80 meters long gold silk silver snake, at this moment, the heart of sword dust actually uncontrollably beat up, a stock from the heart of the excitement, From the heart arises spontaneously.After watching for a moment and staring at the golden silver thread snake, the sword dust took a deep breath and slowly calmed himself down. Then he slowly came to the body of the golden silver thread serpent and the light wind sword emerged from his right hand. And out."Oh!"The sword dust directly stabbed in the golden silver thread snake that already had a seven-inch place, suddenly, a bright red blood rushed out from the inside, the sword dust did not hesitate, immediately took the hoist, Lightning up the lid of the gourd, put the mouth of the gourd that has the size of a child's fist on the underside of the gold silver thread snake body, and began to catch the blood that was continuously dripping.At the same time, a thick, pungent odor wafted out and slowly spread out in all directions.Smell the pungent, pungent, blood-smelling sensation that is constantly drifting away. The sword dust frowned and murmured, "This gold and silver thread snake is no stranger to strange animals. I did not expect it to be bloody and bloody. It was so strong." Jian Chen's tone was mixed with a little bit of worry. He was really worried that the rich bloody taste of the golden silver snake would bring him any trouble.In the five-point tension in the sword dust, three points eagerly, and the two people's feelings of hope, spent a full time, and finally put the blood of the gold thread and silver thread snake to the end, and he brought the dozen or so The large gourd, which is already half full, is estimated to have a blood volume of about 200 jins from the body of the golden thread snake.Fill the large gourds filled with the blood of the silver wire snakes carefully and put them all into the space belt. Then, the sword dust re-inserted the body of the golden wire snake into the space ring and immediately left. Here, the rich and bloody taste of the blood of the golden silver thread snake has passed through for more than one hour. Although it has become very thin, but the sword dust can not guarantee that something unexpected will happen, so it is still earlier. It's good to leave.Although the sword dust may be aware of his own fears may be redundant, but in order to minimize the risk, he is willing to take some trouble, more toss about.Jian Chen returned to WACKER again. After two days of rest in the city, he saw no special rumors. Then he once again left the city. This time, he did not return to his original place, but came and last time. In the opposite place, it took nearly twenty miles to find a remote, unmanned safety zone and took out the golden silver snake again to begin dissecting the body.Although in the city he can also dissect the body, the Silver Wire Snake is not an ordinary World of Warcraft, once its body is dissected. The pungent and pungent taste will be emitted again. This unique bloody taste will surely invite many masters to come and find out. However, with the strength of sword dust, it is still not enough to be in the Wacker City. Experts compete.The anatomy of the body corps was very smooth. Although the golden serpent skin outside the gilded silver serpent had a very strong defensive power, the current strength of the sword dust was much higher than before, so the silver serpent was cut off. Snake skin just spent a lot of effort.Jian Chen cautiously pulled out a bloody red object about the size of a thumb from the belly of the golden silver thread serpent and took a look in front of his eyes. His face couldn't help but smile and murmured; "This is gold wire. The silver serpent's precious snake gallbladder.” The serpentine color of the serpent thread snake is not the same as the color of other serpents. Generally the color of the serpent gall snake is mostly dark green with a black color, while the silver serpent is The snake gall, but it is completely blood red, looks like a ruby-like.Jian Chen took out a small jade bottle from the space belt and carefully put the snake with the size of a thumb head into it. This snake is very important. If you want to develop a body that is poisonous and does not invade, this snake must not be Less, the role played is even more valuable than the blood of the Silver Wire Snake many times.Soon, the snake skins of the Silver Wire Snake were completely smashed down by the sword dust. After the Snake skin was licked, the appearance of the Gold Wire Snake was also greatly changed. It seemed that the Buddha was a long one. ** Like.The most precious of the silver wire snake is his blood and snake gall, although some of the other organs and snake meat are also valuable, but these are less valued in the eyes of the sword dust, then, the sword dust directly to the gold wire The snake's body is placed in a space ring and is intended to be further processed later.After dealing with the gold silver thread snake, Jian Chen looked around and hesitated. He seemed to be indecisive. He stood there and thought for a moment. Finally, the sword dust finally got a bite from the space belt. He took out a large wooden barrel he had prepared for a long time and put it gently on the ground. Then he took out one by one the large gourds filled with the blood of silver wire snakes and put the blood inside. All into the barrel.Now, Jian Chen intends to practice the venomous and non-invasive form in this field. Because the bloody smell of the gold silver serpent's blood is simply not convenient for him to use in a crowded city.Soon, the blood of several large gourds was dumped into barrels by the sword dust. The weight of more than two hundred kilograms almost filled the barrels of most people high, and there was a strong one. The pungent and greasy taste floated out of the casks, lingering in the air for a long time, and so much blood was brought together. The bloody scent was even stronger, and the smoked sword dust felt itself. Can't seem to breathe.Some special Warcraft blood is completely different from the blood of ordinary Warcraft, and the blood of the Silver Wire Snake is exactly the same.At the time of the detoxification of the blood of the Silver Wire Snake, Jian Chen had only thought of detoxification because of his heart. He ignored the bloody smell of the Silver Wire Snake, so he did not notice at that time. The blood of Silver Wire Snake still contains an overwhelming sense of learning.