Chapter 107 strange white stoneIn the Dantian of Jianchen, the purple, green and blue light spots continued to twinkling and beating, and a halo of purple and blue was continuously emitted from these two light spots to form a visible light to the naked eye. The light diffuses in the pubic region, and at the same time, a strange feeling suddenly emerges in the brain of the sword dust. At this moment, this purple, green, and blue light spot seems to have become wisdom in the dust of the sword and has its own * ** Thought of life objects, because in the sudden, sword dust actually feels inexplicable can feel this purple and blue light spots actually came a huge joy and excited mood.Yes, Jian Chen actually could feel the purple and green spots in his Dantian field because of the great joy and excitement he showed. However, after learning this conclusion, he was shocked by Jian Chen. It is so incredible, but in the eyes of Jian Chen, they can see a dull look.At this moment, a strange feeling suddenly appeared in the mind of Jian Chen. It seemed to appear out of nowhere in the mind of Jian Chen. Because at this moment, Jian Chen could clearly feel that he was in Dantian. The purple, green, and blue light spots seem to establish a subtle connection with something. This connection is somewhat similar to the spiritual connection, and it seems to lock something like that. The sword dust can actually be clear. Feelings.The sword dust forced the convulsions in his heart to breathe deeply and took a deep breath. Then he turned his head slightly and looked up at the sudden inexplicable feeling in his brain. He looked at a stall that was not far from him, and the owner of the stall. It is a young person about 30 years old. There are several first-order magic nuggets and a few bizarre gadgets on the ground in front of the young people.Jian Chen’s eyes have been fixed on a fist-sized white stone placed at the corner of the stall. The white stone is in an irregular shape, covered in snow and white, and looks insignificant. It is almost the same as an ordinary stone.Because of the sudden and inexplicable induction in the brain, it was very clear in the heart of the sword dust that this seemingly insignificant white stone caused his mysterious purple and blue light spots to change in Dantian, because the purple and blue light Among the points, there was a very weak spiritual connection that tightly locked Bai Shi, like a child holding his favorite treasure tightly in his arms, and the heart's excitement and joy were even connected. Jian Chen can clearly feel the road.The dust on the surface of the sword dust slowly moved to the front of the booth and grabbed the fist-sized white stone. When he tried hard to pick it up, his face was slightly positive, and in his eyes There is also a hint of surprise.Because this is a fist-sized strange white stone, but surprisingly heavy, he did not actually let the strange white stone move."Heavy stone!" The sword dust couldn't help but gave a sigh of sigh. Immediately the five fingers of the right hand buckled Bai Shi, slammed hard and finally lifted the stone slowly."This little brother, is not to fancy this bizarre stone." At this time, the owner of the stall smiled and said to the sword dust.Jian Chen slowly took this strange white stone and looked it carefully beforehand. Although this white stone has only a fist size, its weight reaches a horrible amount of 100 pounds. If the strength of the sword dust reaches the level of the middle-level saints, Even if he wants to pick up this piece with one hand, it is a very difficult thing.When he picked up this strange white stone in Jian Chen, he could clearly feel that the excitement and delight of the purple and green light spots in Dantian had become increasingly strong. For this, the heart of the sword I also feel very puzzled and unbelievable, because only the intelligent creatures that have life can convey such sentiments. At this moment, such emotions appear on the purple and green spots of Dantianzhong. Do these two light spots also have their own consciousness? ? Or they already have the ability to think.When the sword dust came to this conclusion, it was a trembling moment, and even more fine sweats appeared on his forehead, and in his heart he gave birth to a feeling that he could not control his future destiny. However, in the heart, a sigh of powerlessness was uttered, because for the problem of purple and blue light spots in Dantianzhong, the sword dust was really helpless. There was no way to drive them out. The two light spots were not at all in the sword dust. Within the control, just as he wanted to drive them away, there was no such ability."Oh, it's not a curse, it's a curse. Forget it. If you forget about it anyway, it's already a dead person anyway. What else can't fit in? It's a big deal to die once again." Obscurely thinking, even after no longer thinking about the purple blue spots, but seriously looking at the immediate White Stone.The material of this white stone is very unique. It is based on the eyesight of sword dust and can't tell whether it is a material like stone or fine iron. This white stone is very heavy, in addition to its heavy weight. Strong. Immediately afterwards, the Holy Power in the dust of the sword dust was also mobilized, slowly blending into the white stone along the arm, but as soon as the Holy Power touched the surface of the White Rock, it seemed as if it had encountered a solid defensive bastion. There is no way to move forward.The density in this white stone is very strong, and even the power of Holy Power can not be incorporated.Jian Chen’s eyes finally moved away from White Stone and looked at the stall owner. “I don’t know what this stone is and what it does.”Hearing that, the owner of the booth smiled a bit, and said, “I don’t know what this bizarre stone is. I don’t know what it’s like, but it’s very Heavy, just from this point of view, it can be concluded that this stone is definitely not an ordinary thing.""Where did you get this stone?" The sword dust stared at the stall owner and continued to ask.Hearing that, the owner of the booth frowned slightly and then thought about the meeting. Then he said, "The little brother, there were so many people who had asked me before. I didn't tell them. Today I see you pleasing to the eye. I also Just tell you," said the owner of the stall, paused, pointing his finger at the white stone and continuing: "It's not inconsistent. This stone was actually picked up in the Mountain of Warcraft."“Oh!” After listening to this, the sword dust fell on this white stone again. He said to the owner that he had picked up the white stone in the mountains of Warcraft. He did not feel any surprise. After all, individuals have personal chances. Even if the peasants dig soil, they can dig out gold and treasures.The booth owner saw Jian Chen seem very interested in this white stone, so he once again said: "Little brother, this white stone has been here for me for several years. If I am not in a hurry to need money, I will not take it. To sell it, I think you are very interested in this stone. It's better if you buy it."The sword dust glanced at the owner of the booth, and then he looked at the white stone that was once again in his hands. At the same time, he said, “I don’t know how much you want to sell this stone.” The tone of Jian Chen’s tone is very flat, and it seems to me that There is only a curiosity in the mind of a stone. It does not have to be liked.