Chapter 104 Join the Mercenary CorpsSee Jian Chen still does not speak, the middle-aged man again tempted and tempted: "The little brother of the sword dust, on the matter of the distribution of benefits, although you rest assured, our flame mercenary group is only a small mercenary group just established a few years ago However, the brothers in the group are all iron-clad guys. It is more important to see the friendship between brothers than money. Once we have gained, no matter if you have any or not, you will not be at a disadvantage.Saying here, the middle-aged man did not continue to talk about it. He said that he had finished speaking, and the rest was based on the decision of Jian Chen.The sword dust frowned and thought for a long time. There were many factors in the brain that appeared like lightning. The last bite of the teeth flashed a firm light in his eyes and said: “Well, I can join your mercenary regiment, but I must first speak. Explain that I am not bound by any restraint in the mercenary regiment and have the right not to obey anyone. If I would leave the mercenary regime in the future, you must not block me for any reason."The middle-aged man looked at the sword dust, and suspiciously said: “The little brother of Jian Chen, don’t you just ask us about the strength of our mercenary mercenary group and whether there are any problems with these aspects of the enemy’s family? We must know if our fierce fighters The Corps has a powerful enemy. When you join in, it will definitely bring you a lot of trouble, even life."Jian Chen chuckled, and he did not care: “If you are so afraid of shrinking things, then how can you solve the problem? Since I decided to join your mercenary team, those factors are beyond the scope of consideration. ."The middle-aged man laughed loudly three times and said: "Good! Good! Good! Little brother of Jian Chen, you can't see that you are young and you're a good man. You just said these conditions are fine. Anyway, we also However, it is an insignificant group of small mercenaries. Its purpose is not to make more money. We have absolutely no restrictions on the brothers in the group and we can walk at any time.""So, it would be better." Jian Chen nodded with satisfaction.The middle-aged man suddenly said: "Yes, for so long, I haven't introduced myself yet. My name is Kander. At the same time, I'm also the head of the mercenary mercenary group. If I don't mind, I will not care. Call me uncle Kant, what are the heads of the head of the head of the group, I really can not hear it." After talking, Kend laughed."OK, then I will call you Uncle Kant later." For the middle-aged man in front of him, the impression in the heart of Jian Chen is also quite good, with forthright character, is a worthy man.Later, after Jian Dan and Kend finished their meal, they left here and went to the mercenary union to help with the relevant procedures.The procedure for joining the mercenary regiment was very simple, and the relevant procedures were quickly completed. The sword dust was formally added to the Flame Corps."Sword dust, go, I'll take you to our temporary gathering point to see, by the way to introduce you to several other brothers." Then, Kend directly in the front to lead the way, led the sword dust disappeared in the mercenary union.Along the way, Kend constantly introduced some things of the Flame Combatant Corps for the sword dust, so that the sword dust gradually got some understanding of the Flame Corps.The Flame Corps of Mercenaries is a small mercenary group that has been established for less than five years. Since the establishment of the mercenary group, the members of the mercenary mercenary group have almost always been hunting Warcraft in the Warcraft forest to earn money. Less to do the task of mercenaries, so these days the ranks of the mercenary mercenary group is still the dj level when the initial registration, did not get the slightest improvement.There are eight members in the Flames Mercenary Corps, including Kanda, and with the addition of Jian Chen, the number of members of the Flame Corps has increased from eight to nine.According to Kendall’s introduction, among the nine members, except that he possessed the strength of the junior sages, the rest of the five people had the power of the saints, and the remaining three were still in strength. The stage of the saint.Said here, the head of Kend suddenly made a forehead, turned his head and looked at Jian Chen, said with a smile: "Yes, little brother of Jian Chen, I do not know what kind of strength you have now." Although the KFC Long minds have already guessed that with sword dust this age, I am afraid that only the strength of the saints, but this is their own speculation, after all, in the absence of a positive reply from the sword dust, he did not dare to make a conclusion.Jian Chen chuckled and did not speak. He took out the badge representing his own mercenary status directly from the space belt. This badge, which was acquired just after the sword dust was registered, was a d-level mercenary badge.Seeing the level of the badge, Kent's face did not change in the slightest change, and laughed: "Now we have added a sage to the Flame Corps of Mercenaries. We have a stronger strength than before, and we must prey on World of Warcraft. Save some effort."The sword dust followed the time of Kade's head and walked for a long incense. Finally, he came to a civilian house built of crushed stone. The private room was not seen from the outside, and the outside of the house was full. The spider web was left on the wall, leaving behind traces of years of frost and frost. Obviously, this modest civilian house was already young in WACKER, and it has remained unattended.When Kender headed to the door, he reached out and tapped the door lightly. Soon afterwards, the wooden door was opened and a dark-skinned head protruded from the house. This was a young man’s. Face, look from the perspective of Mo age about 26-year-old or so, with a dry thin mass of the public, belonging to the crowd to get caught are a lot of types.When the young scraggy youth who opened the door saw Kanda's head, a smile appeared immediately on his face and he said, "Uncle Kant, I guess it's you back."Afterwards, Jian Chen followed Kender's head and walked into the house. The light inside the house was a bit dim, but this did not affect the visual of the sword dust. The eyes of the sword dust glanced inside the house and covered all the sights inside. .The area inside the house is not large, and the furnishings are very simple. Except for a few half-occupied areas, there is only one table and several stools, which is very simple. On the ground floor, several people were lying idle and drinking wine, but when Kanda's head came in, everyone's eyes suddenly came and they gathered at the head of Kade. Body.“Come on here, ladies and gentlemen, I’ll introduce you to everyone. This is the little brother of Jian Chen, who has just joined our team of mercenary mercenaries. The little brother of Jian Chen is the youngest one among us. In the future, we can have a lot more. Take care of it.” As soon as he entered the house, the head of Kend took the sword dust and introduced it to everyone.At this time, Jian Chen also knew that he should say something, and he took a slight step forward, arching his hand toward the people in the room, and smiling: “The younger brother is coming to see him and he will ask you to take care of it!”