Chapter 117 Staggering combat effectivenessSeeing the dust of the sword alone rushed toward the horned magic pig, the flames of the mercenary group all stared at their eyes, staring at the sword dust, they did not appear to be burly, we all want to see How did the sword dust kill this single-horned pig with third-order Warcraft power?Head of the Kender's face was dignified, and the right hand's mighty sacred force swiftly emerged. He saw a wide axe slowly forming. His hands clasped the axe tightly, and his fierce eyes were even worse. Unconstrained staring at the weak body of sword dust, once the sword dust is difficult to withstand this third-order Warcraft attack, then he will not hesitate to flutter and go to rescue the sword dust, in this team, I am afraid Only one of him can barely compete with the single-horned magic pig.The body of the sword dust is like a ghost, with a subtle breeze, with a rapid speed in front of the single-horned pig, the light breeze sword is turned into a silvery white light, it seems that Hua Cheng into a small lightning Go toward the throat of the unicorn pig.Looking at the silver light from the thorns, the fierce twinkling in the eyes of the single-horned devil flicked, faint hints of a touch of dignity, then a deep growl in the mouth, the heavy body quickly receded, while the entire upper body worked hard Twisted to the side, trying to evade the sword dust this stab to his throat.Although the single-horned hog has tried its best to avoid it, its large body is too heavy and heavy. In addition to the weakness of the single-horned pig, how can one escape the sword dust? sword."Oh!"The Breeze Sword penetrated deeply into the throat of the single-horned pig and instantly cut off the vitality of the single-horned pig. Afterwards, the whole body of the horned pig suddenly froze, and the pair of big eyes gradually began to fall. Losing his body, he couldn't even send the screams. The whole body crashed.The sword dust drew out the breeze sword full of blood from the throat of the single-horned pig, and immediately afterwards, the blood on the breeze sword slowly flowed up and gathered toward the tip of the sword. Follow the tip of the sword and drop it on the ground.Bringing the light wind sword into the body, Jian Chen’s face showed a satisfied smile. Since the strength was raised to the middle-level saint, his fighting power has increased a lot compared with the primary saints, whether it is speed or light wind sword. The sharp and fierce Jian Qi, has been greatly improved, and now he hunted third-order Warcraft, but also a lot easier.Looked at the third-order World of Warcraft single-horned boar lying on the ground, sword dust tone plain: "Kende head, this third-order Warcraft body, can be handed over to you to solve."The Jian Chen voice was behind and there was not a single voice behind him. He noticed the strangeness behind him and Jian Chen looked back. I saw all the people in the Flames Mercenary Corps. At the moment, they all waited in the eyes and stared blankly at the single-horned wild boar lying there. Their faces were full of shock and incredible looks.Looking at the wonderful expression on the faces of the crowd, Jian Chen shook his head with a wry smile. In the eyes of the Flames Mercenary Corps, the third-order World of Warcraft was afraid that even if it was to gather the power of all of them, it would also kill them, but only once. The attack completely ended the life of the third-ranking World of Warcraft, which is very powerful in the eyes of the Lei Yanyan Mercenary Corps. This scene will be shocked by who will change.After the crowds had spent their time in the meeting, the head of Kanda had come back to God. He took a long breath and relieved his consternation slowly. He looked at the sword dust with a complex look and sighed: " Jian Chen, your strength has not changed too perverted it, the third-order World of Warcraft in your hands, how so unbearable, it will destroy it without effort, this is the third-order World of Warcraft ah."Afterwards, the rest of the people have come back to God. All eyes are looking at the dust in a complex way. Their eyes are full of horror and incredible.Changning wind sighed and exclaimed: "Oh, it is very difficult to imagine, this is actually a third-order World of Warcraft, I simply suspect that this single-horned magic pig is a first-order World of Warcraft."After listening to this, everyone nodded with great approval. At this time, Deere began: "Dust, your strength is really only in the middle of the big sage phase? See you can kill so easily Third-order Warcraft, I simply suspect that you already have the strength of the Great Holy Teacher and even the Holy Master." Deere looked at the complex vision of Jian Chen, mixed with a touch of envy and jealousy. After all, the sword dust had such a young age. Strong strength, saying that it is false to be envious.Capods hesitated a moment and said: "Dust, what you just used was high-level combat skills. I didn't see exactly when your sword was stuck in the neck of a single-horned pig. ”"Yeah, I didn't read it clearly. I didn't even see any shadows." Amber was extremely depressed.Wen Yan, Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "It's not a bit of a combat skill, but I'm out of the sword faster.""I've never been able to read it at all. It's too scary." Deere whispered.Head of Kender came to the front of the single-horned pig and said, "Okay, now it's not time to discuss these issues. Everyone came over to deal with the corpse of this World of Warcraft."Afterwards, everyone came to the front of the single-horned pig and the knives took their own sacred swords and slammed them toward the belly of the monopoly, trying to take out the magic nucleus. However, after the knife was struggling to stab it, he only cut the skin of the single-horned pig to a wide mouth.Although the defensive power of the single-horned hog does not seem to be superior, it is, after all, a third-order Warcraft, and the skin of Warcraft is notorious for its strength. It is impossible for Warcraft to break its belly and make great efforts.Looking at the long, finger-only cut left by the knife on the belly of Angus Boar, Dill reluctantly shook his head and approached the knife and said, "Knife, let me do it." The Holy Power emerged in Deer's right hand and gradually formed a two-handed giant sword."This third-order World of Warcraft's skin can be really thick and it's a long-term experience today." The knife cursed and he gave up his position.Subsequently, Deere used his two-handed giant sword to directly open the unicorn wild boar, and successfully removed a piece of bloody third-order magic nucleus from his body. After he cleaned the blood traces above, he looked in the sword dust and Ken. The head of the German team glanced back and forth under the meeting, hesitated for a moment, and then he took the magic nucleus to the front of the sword and said: “The little brother of the sword dust, this one-horned wild boar was killed by you, so This magic nucleus is still you..."Not waiting for Deere to finish talking, Jian Chen interrupted his words with a loud voice: "Uncle Dear, according to the rules of the team, this magic nucleus is still kept by the head of Kendler, and finally everyone will be assigned together.""This, it doesn't seem so good." Deere looked hesitant."Nothing bad, Uncle Dear, take it to the head of Kendler to take care of it." Jian Chen resolutely, tone does not leave the slightest room for negotiation."That's all right." Deere couldn't do anything. Just put the magic nuclei into Kendall's head.The leader of the Kanden looked deep into the sword and dust, and did not shirk. He reached out and took over the third-order magic nucleus directly. "Since then, this magic nucleus will be kept by me for the time being, and so on. Out of the Mountain of Warcraft, and then unified the harvest according to the size of the credit."Next, everyone took a space to take, put the horned pig's body into it, and then continue on the road. A third-order Warcraft body, or can sell a lot of money, of course, will not let go of the mercenary mercenary regiment.Time is rapidly losing. Unconsciously, everyone has spent ten days in the Mountains of Warcraft. During these ten days, it is definitely the happiest and happiest time for all the mercenary mercenary groups. Because in these ten days, in addition to the first day, the remaining nine days, they are under the leadership of the sword dust, hunting third-order World of Warcraft in the Warcraft Mountains, because the actual combat effectiveness of sword dust far beyond the Sacred Order The strong, so hunting third-ranked World of Warcraft is not the slightest difficulty for him, and since the strength reached the middle-level saints, sword dust and the third-order Warcraft killing, actually did not once suffered injuries.During this time, the flames of the mercenary group of people for the powerful strength demonstrated by the sword dust has long been skeptical, and with the exposure of sword dust strength, his position in the mercenary mercenary group is also constantly improving Nowadays, almost all people, including Kade’s head, are very respectful and impolite to him. This is because during these ten days, sword dust brought a tremendous amount of wealth to the Flame mercenary group. Days, is just the third-order World of Warcraft that the sword dust killed by one person. There are more than one hundred, second-order World of Warcraft, it is nearly three hundred, and the number of shots of the mercenary mercenary group is very few, they almost completely become People who specialize in the collection of Warcraft corpses behind the sword dust butt, despite this, but not everyone in the hearts of complaining and unfair psychological, but they are enjoying themselves, which, in their view, is entirely bent over to save money.At night, a full moon is hung in the dark night sky, exudes a layer of bright moonlight shining between the heavens and the earth. In the vast area of ​​the Warcraft Mountains, there is a large number of torches burning. The beating flames look like elfs dancing cheerfully.The ten people who wore hides sat in a circle around the fire, relieved to be a member of the Flame Corps."Over the past few days, we have harvested a total of one hundred and twenty-five nuclear nucleus and three hundred and sixty-four nucleus nucleus. The number of first-order oligos is less than thirty, and there are still a few third-order. World of Warcraft's body.” Sitting in front of the fire, Kender’s head announced with excitement that the ten days of harvest in the Warcraft Mountains.After listening to the announcement made by the head of Kanda, everyone’s faces showed a very happy smile. For this harvest, everyone was very satisfied, but everyone’s mind was clear that if there was no help from sword dust, the third-order The magic nucleus they are also do not want to get one, after all, with their strength to hunter third-order Warcraft is really difficult, and the second-order magic nucleus, they are afraid that even this half of the harvest are not reach.