Chapter XI Kargas College ()Pik Wantian reached out and touched the head of the sword dust gently, and looked into Jian Chen's eyes full of love. Then he slowly walked forward and said, “Sister San, this is just a fight between the children. Nothing to worry about, we didn't worry about it. We couldn't be angered by this kind of thing. After all, Xiang Er and Ke Er were just children who weren't sensible. Now, let me help Coke to treat her chest injury.”After listening to Pik Wantian, even though Yu Fengyan still feels angry in his heart, it is not good to say anything. If it is for this matter, go and count on the children of a few years old, I’m afraid that the other three sisters in the room will both See her for another look.Pik Wantian came to Changyuk in front of his body and slowly closed his eyes. The next moment, he saw only Pik Wan's hands and slowly exudes a faint white brilliance.At the same time, in the dust of the sword dust, there was a trace of fine awns. He clearly felt that there was a special kind of energy between heaven and earth slowly gathering toward his mother’s hands, and then the pale white light that formed afterwards. And, this special energy is the kind of special energy that sword dust feels is contained in the world's atmosphere.Jian Chen looked at his mother Bi Yuntian’s movements. At this moment, he suddenly realized that he could understand the use of this special energy from his mother’s body. After all, he had already discovered this kind of world. The special energy associated with vitality is not so simple.The white brilliance in the hands of Pik Wan Tian is getting stronger and stronger. The radiance is soft and not dazzling. After brewing a few breaths, Pik Wantian’s hands gently wave, and I saw the milky brilliance from her palms towards Changyangke’s. Chest drifted, and finally slowly integrated into the injured part of Changyangke's chest. Because Chang Yangke's chest was covered with a white cloth, the sword dust couldn't see what happened to the wound area when this milky white Guanghua was integrated into Changyangke's wound.After completing all this, Pik Wantian breathed a breath and said: "Well, Sister-in-law, Ke'er is fine. His wounds should have been restored."Yu Fengyan finally showed a glimmer of happy smile on his face. After saying a word of gratitude, he came quickly to Changyangke. The tone was full of concern and said: "Ke Er, now how do you feel, and the wound still hurt? ”Chang Yangke reached out and touched the wounded part of his chest, and smiled. “Niang, the baby is already hurt, and she is very comfortable.” Then she reached out and pulled the linen that was wrapped around her chest.After removing the yarn, I saw that Chang Yangke's chest has become a smooth one, and in addition to some dry blood left on it, I can't see any wounds.After seeing this scene, the sword dust immediately came to understand that this mysterious power was due to what was called the magical power of the sacred power. This energy had a very magical effect on healing, no matter how serious the injury was, in the light The healing power of St. Force can be recovered quickly, and his mother is a bright teacher, so he can skillfully use this energy to heal. According to legend, some powerful bright teachers can also bring people back to life. They even have the effect of rejuvenating themselves.In the heart of the sword dust, one can't help but secretly think that he can feel the existence of the bright Holy Power and absorb it smoothly. He does not know whether he can control the bright Holy Power to heal like a mother.Just as he was born out of this idea, the sword dust couldn't wait to try it out, but he was finally held back by him. The occasion was really not suitable for him to experiment.At this moment, the door opened suddenly and I saw Chang Biao, the father of Jian Chen, and Chang Biao, the steward of Changyang House, coming in at the same time."What happened to Ke wasn't hurt?" When Changge entered the house, Chang Yang Pa began to ask, and his tone was quite concerned.“Toshifu’s concern is that after the treatment of the four sisters, she is now OK.” Yu Fengyan’s face shows a faint smile. Chang Yang Pa is so concerned about his son that she is also very happy in her heart."Nothing is better!" Chang Yang Pa nodded slightly, then looked at the sword dust softly, said: "Xian Er, these days still have a good time?" The tone is full of concern."Thank you for your care. The baby is very good." Jian Chen's tone is very mundane. Ever since he passed the Holy Force test, today is the first time Changyang Pa has taken the initiative to speak with Jian Chen.Listening to Jian Du’s plainness, but with a bit of indifferent tone, Changyang Pa sighed in his heart and said: “Xiang Er, you come to the study with you.” Then Chang Yang Pa turns away. Here.Soon, Jian Chen followed Chang Yang Pa and Chang Bo and came to the study. Chang Yang tyrants sat in a chair, looked at Ping Chen's eyes and looked at the sword dust. Then he asked, “I’ve heard of you this morning. The second in the kitchen was wounded.""Yes!" In the heart of the sword dust, he already knew that his strength had been leaked, and he was no longer concealed.In Changyang’s eyes, there was a hint of joy in his eyes, and there was a slight smile on his face. The voice was soft and said: “Xiang Er, you told me, have you cultivated the power of the Holy Spirit?”Jian Chen slightly nodded, tone is still a touch of replied: "Yes!" This thing, Jian Chen also knew it was unbearable, so very readily admitted.Although the heart has been guessed that the sword dust has been practicing the Holy Power, but now confirmed from the mouth of Jian Chen, Chang Yang Pa mind still can not help but a little excited.“Chang Bo, please help you to test the strength of the Holy Power.” Chang Yang’s blissful facial expression said to Chang Boy, who was standing beside him. The tone was very polite and not like a head of household treating a man. Housekeeper's attitude.However, Chang Bo smiled, then took a fist-sized sacred stone from the space ring he had put into his hands and came to the front of the sword dust. He said, “The four young masters, put your hand on it!”When Jian Chen put his hand on the sacred stone, Chang Bo also started the sacred stone. Suddenly, the sword dust once again felt a mysterious energy emitted from the holy stone. He walked along the body in his body in his own arm. After a lap, he returned to the sacred stone again. At the same time, he saw the whole sacred stone suddenly emitting a faint red light.Looking at the red light emitted by the sacred stone, Chang Yang Pa face immediately showed an excited look, even Chang Bo's face also revealed a faint smile, looking to Jian Chen's eyes full of comfort."Homeowner, according to the intensity of light, the power of the Holy Spirit in the body of the four young men has reached the fourth floor." Chang Bo said with a light smile."Fourth floor... Fourth floor ...." Chang Yang Pa slowly stood up from his chair. At the moment his excited hands were tightly held together. Even though the result had been guessed before, it was. It was only speculation. Now that we know the truth, it's another taste in his heart.Jian Chen reached the fourth level of Holy Power at the age of seven. Such achievements may not seem to be outstanding in the entire Tianyuan Continent. However, in the kingdom of Gerson, it is enough to be considered a first-class genius. His third brother, Chang Yang Ke, was three years older than Jian Chen, and the power of the Holy Spirit in the body was only just reaching the fourth floor.Chang Bo put the sacred stone into the space ring again and looked at the dust in a beaming face. He smiled and said, "You haven't let me down, four young masters."Chang Yang Pa quickly calmed down. At the moment, his eyes on Jian Chen had completely changed. His eyes were full of surprises, excitement and relief.When the sword dust left the study, the time was approaching noon, and after the dust had left, Chang Yang Pa looked at Chang Bo. His tone was somewhat confused: “Chang Bo, since Xiang’s body has a Holy Force, then why didn't we test it when it was last tested? I thought Xiang was a non-cultivable person.”Chang Bo's brow slightly wrinkled and he thought a little and slowly said: "I'm not sure about this either. It may have been a question of where it came from when I last tested, but it's not important anymore!"Chang Yang Pa nodded slightly and said: “Now, Xiang Er’s age is only about seven years old. The strength of the Holy Spirit in the body reaches the fourth floor. As it continues, I expect Xiang’s son to break through the Holy Spirit by the age of eighteen. Ten layers of force condense the sacred soldiers, and Xiang was a talented child from an early age, so I wanted to send Xiang Er to Kargath Academy as soon as possible. I don't know what Chang Boyi meant!”Wen Yan, Chang Bo thought about the meeting. “The Kargath Academy is the most famous college in our Godson kingdom. However, the entry threshold is not low. We must achieve the strength of the Eighth Holy Power, and we must Must not be more than eighteen years old. The family mainly wants to send the young masters to Karjas College as soon as possible. I am afraid it will not be possible in a short time. Although the strength of the Holy Spirit in the four young masters has already reached the fourth floor, it is from the eighth floor. It is estimated that there will be a short period of time. After all, it is getting more and more difficult to enhance the power of the Holy Spirit.""I hope that in the next few years, Xiang's strength in the body can be cultivated to the eighth floor as soon as possible." Chang Yang Pa softly said.Chang Bo smiled a little and said: “The owner is assured that I believe that the young masters will reach the 8th floor of the Holy Spirit sooner or later. This is only a matter of time, because I discovered the power of the Holy Spirit in the Masters when I was testing for the 4 Masters. It's not far from the fifth floor."After listening to these words, Chang Yang Pa Xi was incompetent, murmured: "I hope Xianger's future achievements can really surpass Chang Bo and become the pillar of the family."Chang Bo stood beside him and smiled, but his eyes did not hide his hopeful look.After leaving the study room, Jian Chen immediately returned to his room with the fastest speed, closed the door tightly, and recalled in the brain the frightening scene that occurred when fighting with Changyangke.Although Jian Chen knew that he had defeated Tokgo in his previous life, he broke through at the last moment and reached the realm of his imperial sword. However, he could not imagine that his supernatural powers of the Imperial Sword still could be applied after his reincarnation. freely. As soon as he thought that he could use such a supernatural power, there was an excitement and excitement in the hearts of Jian Chen.However, when the sword dust recalled the inexplicable Jian Qi that appeared on the branch, he felt very puzzled in the heart. Now he does not have the strong enough power to reach the world in his previous life. How could such a sharp sword air appear on ordinary branches?After frowning and slightly contemplating the meeting, Jian Chen finally decided to try again, looked around in the room, and finally broke a wooden bar two feet long on a wooden hanger to serve as a sword. .Holding this two-foot-long wooden stick, the heart of Jian Chen gradually fell into a calm, gradually, as if the dust in the sword was not found in the hands of the sword is a wooden bar, but a sword An excalibur, an unblemished excalibur, seems to have merged with oneself. Although the sword dust did not look at the wood in his hand, the texture of the wood was clearly reflected in his brain, even Even internal dust can be known.The sword dust took a deep breath, slowly calmed down the excitement in his heart, and then moved his mind and tried to control the wood in his hand to fly alone.When he just gave birth to this idea in the sword dust brain, he suddenly discovered that his “gods” had established a very intimate connection with the wooden sticks in his hands, and at the same time, the wooden sticks had gradually escaped the sword dust. The palm of the hand floats in the air alone. According to the thought of the sword dust, slowly and slowly it flies forward. On the wooden stick, a pale white light suddenly appears. The thread is strong and full of sharpness. The Qi Sword is released from the air.At this moment, Jian Chen feels that his "God" seems to be fully integrated with this wooden stick. This stick is like his own arm and can freely control it to make any movement. At the same time, he also feels that The sudden appearance of Jian Qi on this wooden stick seems to be related to his "god."Then the sword dust thought and saw that the wooden bar floating alone in the sky suddenly turned into a white light, rapidly turning around the body of the sword dust at a very fast speed, and its speed was fast, so that the sword dust was Can't see clearly.The heart of Jian Chen’s heart throbbed uncontrollably, and his face showed an ecstatic look. He did not expect to realize God’s imperial sword at the last moment in his previous life. He could still use it after his reincarnation.Nowadays, this supernatural power with God's imperial sword is not only the most powerful attack method of the sword dust, but also a life-saving method of sword dust.Unconsciously, a few years passed, and now the sword dust has reached the age of fifteen. In recent years, Jian Chen has barely gone out and spent all day practicing Zijian in the room. The strength of Jian Chen has been exposed, and it is even more recognized as a genius for cultivation. Therefore, his status in Changyang Prefecture is soaring. No one in Fuchu dared to criticize him. Changyang tyrants are very concerned about sword dust, and they are almost there. There is no doubt that the most exciting thing is that Pik Wantian, the son of waste that was originally believed to be incapable of cultivation, is now transformed into a cultivating genius. He is also practicing the power of Holy Spirit at the age of seven. On the fourth floor, for his son is so outstanding, the joy of Pik Wan's heart can be imagined.However, after Jian Dust discovered that his strength was leaking, his great aunt and exquisite aunt and three aunt Yu Fengyan always looked at his eyes with a kind of unfriendly. For this situation, the sword dust that had past memories was known. Belly.In the past few years, the holy force inside the sword dust has reached the eighth floor, and this is why the sword dust is intended to slow down the practice speed. Because in recent years, sword dust has been almost half the time. Use it in familiar swordsmanship that was learned in the past. If not, I'm afraid that the Holy Power in his body has already broken through to the eighth floor. However, the sword dust is not far away from the power of the ninth floor.Now, Changyang Fuchu, the strength of sword dust has steadily pressured the second sister Changyang Mingyue and Third Brother Changyangke. Although Changyang Mingyue is three years older than the sword dust, the power of the Holy Spirit still stays on the seventh floor. As for Changyang, Ke, perhaps he himself has no cultivation talent, now he is 17 years old, but the power of the Holy Spirit is only barely reached the fifth floor.In the morning, a large group of people gathered outside a large hall, including the parents and three aunts of Jian Chen, and even the third brother Chang Yang Ke and the second sister Changyang Mingyue. Besides them, there were also some elders of Changyang Fuchu. At a distance not far from the crowd, a bird with a size of three meters in size was silent on the ground.Today, it is the days when Jian Chen went to study at Kargath Academy. The minimum standard for admission to the College of Kargath is that the strength of the Holy Spirit must reach the eighth floor, and the age must not exceed eighteen. This standard, Jian Chen, is currently Already reached. And today it happens to be the once-a-year admissions convention at the Cadagas College.Pik Wan looked at Jian Chen with tears in his eyes. His eyes were full of love and said: "Xiang Er, you must study hard in the college. Try to make as few as you can. Know that." Pik Wan's tone was full of Concern.Jian Chen nodded awkwardly and said, "Relax, mother, I know what to do."Chang Yang Pa came to the front of the sword and said: "Xian Er, this space belt is specially prepared for you. Although it is not very valuable, and the space inside is not large, it is still possible to install small things. Now, if you can break the power of the Holy Spirit through the tenth layer before the age of eighteen, and condense into a saint as a sacred soldier, then you will send you a space ring plus a fourth-order magic nucleus." There has been a very fine belt in the hands of the workmanship. The size of the belt is obviously tailored for the sword dust.See Changyang tyrants are so concerned about the sword dust, exquisitely standing on the side of the exquisite and imperial wind eyes reveal a deep look of guilt and dissatisfaction, but this time all eyes are concentrated on the sword dust, no one to pay attention They stop.Jian Dan took the belt and said: "Hey, it won't take long, I will be able to reach the Holy One." Jian Chen's tone is full of strong confidence.Chang Yang Ba's face reveals a faint smile, looking to Jian Chen's eyes full of comfort."The four young masters, the time is late, we should hit the road." At this time, the standing steward Chang Bo made a speech.Jian Chen finally looked at his own mother and then he did not return to Chang Boxun. "Changbai, let's go."Chang Bo reached out and put the sword dust on the back of the flying World of Warcraft. Then he jumped himself up and sat down beside the Jian Chen. He smiled at the Jian Chen and said: “Four young masters, sit steadily.”Later, I saw Chang Boyi’s back on the back of Warcraft. Suddenly, this flying World of Warcraft seemed to have been given instructions to stretch out the pair of wings that were ten meters long and flew up, skyward and skyward. Fly away.