Chapter 115 Great harvestJian Chen's eyes glanced at several people. Suddenly, the brain glowed. "Yes, it is imposing, it is a curse that kills gas." Jian Chen eyes suddenly light up, his heart suddenly understood his own pedestrians along the way, most of those who met the World of Warcraft did not dare to come out, it turned out that because of the crowd Exhaled momentum and a touch of murder cause trouble.Although those Warcrafts have no wisdom, their intuition is very powerful because of their inherent advantages. Once they feel strong enough to be against their own rivals, driven by the instincts of the beasts, they will retreat from their mentality. of.With this in mind, Jian Chen immediately said: “First wait, everyone will put their own momentum together, otherwise the first-order World of Warcraft met on the road would not dare to come out.”It was heard that the head of Kend turned to look suspiciously and looked at Jian Chen. He asked, "Dust, is this useful?""The tube does not matter if you try to use it." Jian Chen also did not want to make extra explanations.After listening to the words of Jian Chen, Capods bowed his head and thought about it. A gradual light appeared in his eyes. Then he said, “We believe this time in Jian Chen. We have entered the World of Warcraft few times. Meet the first-order World of Warcraft, I have long been puzzled about this situation, but has not found an answer, maybe the situation really as the sword dust said.""Since even Carbos said the same thing, then we should do it according to the method of sword dust." It is the two brothers of Zhou Dakai that have always been reticent to speak.Although Kabides had only the strength of the Holy One, but because of his intelligent mind, he had a lot of good ideas for the mercenary mercenary group. Therefore, for his words, he still has a certain degree of persuasion.Next, all of them followed the momentum of their respective foreign forces in accordance with the meaning of the sword dust, and they did not leak out.Just as the people kept this state within a distance of less than three kilometers, they met a first-order World of Warcraft initiative. This discovery made the flames of the mercenary group happy, although the price of the first-order magic core It is much lower than the second-order magic nucleus, but hunting a first-ranked World of Warcraft is very easy for them. Once there is a first-order World of Warcraft hunting, then their harvest on this road will be even more abundant."Haha, I finally met a first-order World of Warcraft, and the head of the Kandil regimen gave me and Kabides, Yu Xuan three." The knife screamed with excitement, then appeared a two-foot long The short knife, first to the first-order World of Warcraft to kill, and Kabides and Yu Xuan are also close behind.Looked at the knife in the hands of the two-foot long knife, sword dust shook his head, no wonder the name of the knife it, and the original sword and life-study of the name of the sacred soldier is also a short knife, then, sword dust eyes Yuxuan and Kabide The Sri Lankan people narrowed their eyes and saw that the sacred soldiers of both of them were big two-handed swords.Next, the three-knife and the first-ranking Warcraft fiercely fought with each other. The strength of the three of them was not nearly the same as that of the first-order World of Warcraft. Therefore, some fights were unpredictable, and after a short battle, the three joined forces finally. Kill first-order World of Warcraft.For their battles, people with sword dust and other people who have the strength of the Holy One are not willing to step forward. This is exactly the first-order World of Warcraft to the three-knife training squad.In the ensuing journey, everyone did not even walk a certain distance and met the first-order or second-order World of Warcraft attacks. This situation also made it clear that the method described by Jian Chen was indeed effective.At night, the crowd took an open terrain to rest and then gave birth to a big fire while grilling the World of Warcraft meat while cleaning up the trophies harvested all day long.Sitting in front of the fire, when the people watched the small pile of magic nucleus placed in front of the Kant's head by the constant jumping lights, they all showed a very happy smile.“All of you, now I’m going to announce today’s harvest.” Kent’s head was hung with a happy smile and looked around in a circle, then continued: “Today we have harvested a total of twenty magic nuclei, seven of which are The magic core, thirteen first-order magic nucleus, is four to five times the amount of our previous income." The last sentence, Kent is almost out of the head, it shows how much he was excited in the heart."Haha, this also thanks to the sword dust, if not his advice, I am afraid that even today we can not touch a first-order World of Warcraft." Amber took a drink and laughed.Chang Ning Feng also giggled: "Amber said that it is a good thing. Today, there is such a harvest. The little brother of Jian Chen is indispensable, and that of the seven second-order World of Warcraft, one of the sword dust kills three, and the sword dust is small. Brothers, take a sip!" Then, Chang Ningfeng handed the jug into the sword dust.The sword dust is also welcome. After taking the jug from Changning Wind, he took a big sip and smiled and said: “We don’t say so. We have to say credit, everyone has it, but to be sure, this is Once in the mountains of Warcraft, our harvest is sure to be a lot more than it used to be.""Haha, it's good to say that this time there is a master of sword dust brother, the harvest of our mercenary mercenary group is absolutely the most abundant one ever.” Kendha's head laughed: "Look at this A small pile of magic nuclei, I seem to have seen my dream is being realized step by step.""Head, what's your dream?" asked the knife curiously."My dream is to make our team of flame mercenaries become the first mercenary group in the Tianyuan mainland." Kent laughed and said with enthusiasm: "This is my biggest dream in my life."After listening to this, everyone laughed."Tianyuan Mainland's first mercenary regiment, Kend, your dream is doomed to be impossible." Amber did not give face to face."Yes, Amber is right. Kendall, your dream is too fantastic. According to you, I still hope that I will become the top player in Tianyuan in the future." Deere laughed."Hahaha, the mainland's top master, you dream to go..."The sword dust sat cross-legged and sat in front of the fire. He smiled and looked at the chatter of the crowds. Sometimes he would laugh twice. At this moment, in his heart, there was a rare moment of joy. Although everybody is joking, the deep friendship that inadvertently reveals between conversations unconsciously infects the heart of Jian Chen.After a full meal, one of the Flames’ mercenary regiments sprinkled a circle of powder around the place where everyone rested to prevent the scent from drifting around and attracting some beasts or Warcraft, and then extinguished the torches. The tent took a rest.The sword dust drowsily lay in the tent and thought about something in his head. Now he has no other magic nucleus other than the two fourth-order magic nucleus. Even if he wants to cultivate, he cannot find the magic nucleus to absorb it. As for the two fourth-order magic nucleus, sword dust is not like to move him, so that their own strength is raised to the sage stage, in the use of absorbing the energy within the fourth-order magic nucleus."It seems that tomorrow because of the initiative to agitate the head of Kade they go to kill the third-order World of Warcraft, at least I have to get three third-order magic nucleus every day, otherwise, I can not practice these days." Lying in the tent In the heart of the sword dust secretly thought."With their own strength, hunting the ordinary third-order World of Warcraft is not the slightest problem, and Kade, head of several of them together, because it can hold two third-order magic nucleus, as long as they do not meet the four-third-order Warcraft , then there will be no danger.""Well, there is a team of flame mercenaries. I can only stay here for a month at the most, and the head of the Kanda team is very good. During this period, I still try to give them more magical nucleus. A month later, I left the Flames Mercenary Corps and tried my best to improve my strength. In this month's time, I had to relax myself. After all, I was absorbed from the blood of the silver thread snake in my own body. Antiviral agents, which are not yet perfectly integrated with the bloodstream, will take some time. During this period, they will remain as unharmed as possible. Once injured, the antiviral factors in the blood will be lost with the blood. Reduced, this is a little less, only the perfect anti-toxic factors into the blood, and then the circulation of blood in the body, the entire body is transformed, so that the entire body is equipped with anti-toxic factors, only then, after the body The resulting blood will naturally have anti-drug factors. Since then, not only has it not poisoned itself, but the blood can also be detoxified by others, as long as it does not meet the gold wire. More virulent, they would not have their own blood also can not lift the poison. "Jian Chen had been lying down in the tent late at night, turning his mind through countless thoughts and his own plans for the future. When he finally calmed down, he listened carefully to the situation around him and confirmed his safety before he re-wrote his knees. Sitting in the tent, silently absorb the strength of heaven and earth to practice.Although the cultivation speed of absorbing heaven and earth only absorbs 1% of the magic nuclear cultivation rate, the sword dust still has no choice but to sleep. It does not miss any chance to enhance its own strength.