Chapter 119 Competition for JuvenilesAfter listening to these words from Kabides, the happy faces on the faces of the people were gradually dissipating, and all of them were frowning. Kabides said that he wanted to take out the cubs of the Golden Retriever King. There will be great trouble along the way. Not to mention that the parents of the cub would be encountered. Even if this cub is brought into the city of WACKER, it is a very difficult thing to do. After all, this is a very difficult task. A cub is a living creature and cannot be put into a space belt at all. Otherwise, it cannot survive at all. Once this cub is placed outside, there is a high probability that the cub will meet people on the road. Once the news of the golden cubs' cubs leaks out, it will surely attract a lot of powerful or powerful forces. With the strength of the Flame Corps of Mercenary Forces, there is simply no ability to deal with these things."Ha ha ha ha ha ha, since you do not have the ability to take out the cubs of the Golden Retriever, then just give this cub to us."At this moment, bursts of laughter suddenly came and the sound was full of excitement that was hard to hide. Then, the shadows in the darkness flashed and a large crowd suddenly appeared and quickly surrounded the flames of the mercenary group. A total of nearly 20 people came here, wearing armor and wearing helmets. Many of them had broken armor. Blood was still left on them. At a glance, they knew that they had experienced battles.Looking at the sudden appearance of a large group of people, the flames of the mercenary regiment suddenly became ugly. However, when they saw the small badge hanging on the chest of these people, everyone's face suddenly changed dramatically. The head of the German team had a pale face staring at these people, and said in a low tone; "The man actually is a mercenary group of the Zhou's." There was a little trembling in the tone."Hahahaha, you guys still have a bit of vision, actually recognize us, knowing that we immediately give the World of Warcraft pups to us, otherwise, you should know the consequences." The speaker seems to be the leader, the leader looks A faint sweep of the flames of the mercenary group of people, the eyes full of disdain, then, the eyes will fall on the fire before the relish to eat the little beasts of Warcraft meat, eyes that the color of excitement is difficult to hide.No one in the Flame Corps Corps spoke, and everyone's face became dignified.Jimmy looked through eleven people in the armor of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps. With breath induction, he had already clearly understood the strength of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment. Among them, apart from the two who had the Strength, all others have the power of the Holy One, and even the two sages, the strength is also better than Kanda's head, because it reached the stage of the intermediate sages.Jian Chen's heart was a little relieved, at least, in front of these people, but also within the scope of his ability to meet, as long as there is no strong master of the Great Master, then there is not much problem."Oh!" "Oh!"At this moment, the piece of World of Warcraft meat in the beast's mouth has been eaten, and a pair of small eyes staring at the bigger pieces of meat on the fire shelf once again yelling constantly, one has not eaten yet, I do not know that danger has already reached my head.Jian Chen slowly squatted down and carefully held the little beast in his arms. Suddenly, nearly twenty people of the Zhou Mercenary Corps’s eyes fell on Jian Chen. They stared at him with intense gaze. Murderous."Boy, hand me the cubs. If you don't, let him die now." The mercenary leader of Zhou's mercenary regiment shouted to Jian Chen.Hearing that, Dust’s eyes were plainly staring at those who spoke, not only without the slightest anger, but with a smile on his face and said plainly; “I’m afraid even if I give you this cub, you’ll never let go of it. We are, because you are afraid that we may leak news out, so that you can incur trouble that can be avoided completely. Moreover, it is still a very big trouble."The leader took a sneer and stared at the sword dust with a sharp look and said coldly, “You are very clever, but sometimes the smarter one is, the sooner you die, so, sometimes, people don’t want to. Too clever, stupid, but will live longer." With the voice, a powerful Holy Power gathered in the leader's hands, and soon formed a long sword.The leader held a long sword, pointed his sword tip to Jian Chen, and said: "Boy, finally give you a chance to hand over the cubs. Otherwise, I swear I will make you die." When the voice of humans just fell, the rest of the mercenaries of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment had to resort to their own sacred soldiers. At the same time, the momentum of one share was radiated from the body and forced away from the sword dust.At the same time, the Flames’ mercenary regiment was unwilling to show their weaknesses. They had sacrificed their own sacred soldiers and looked at the Zhou’s mercenary group with vigilant eyes. All their faces had become ever more dignified. Their hearts were also very clear. Even if he or she gave the cubs to the Zhou’s mercenary regiment, the Zhou’s mercenary regiment will not let go of their own, because it’s something they’re doing, and they’ll do it too. It would be better to fight one, even if the dead would pull one to back up, even if it can not pull back to back, it will not let Zhou's mercenary group better.Looking at the reaction of the flames and mercenary regiments, Zhou’s mercenary group showed a slight disdain in the eyes of the leader’s head. Then he turned his eyes to Jian Chen’s voice and said in a low tone: “Boy, you’re really unacceptable. Come out, I can put you on a path." Now the cub is in the hands of the sword dust, before the sword dust did not put down the cubs, the leader did not dare to act rashly, for fear of persecution too tight, sword dust will be the fifth-order cubs Give it to kill.Jian Chen apparently understood that the leader’s attention in his heart could not help but smiled. He left his left hand holding a screaming cub, and his right hand gently stroking the cub’s furry head and laughing: “Since you If you want this cub, then why don't you just come and get it? If you have the courage to do it, then you don’t have the courage to come and get it.”The leader was extremely staring at the sword dust and faced the dust in his face. He had a bad feeling in his mind, because the sword's demeanor was too abnormal, and it made him feel a little touched. Fine bottom."You, in the past, took the beast!" The leader's head was slightly off and said to a mercenary around him."Yes!" The mercenary did not hesitate, he immediately walked cautiously and tried to take the cub from the sword dust.When the mercenary faced with vigilance and came to the front of the sword dust, sword dust didn’t actually make the slightest change. It was still a smile and stood there. Nevertheless, the mercenary still dared not to relax and slow down. Slowly deep in the hand, carefully to the cubs in the hands of the sword dust caught.At the same time, the mercenaries of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment also tightened their hands on the sacred soldiers, their eyes fixed on the sword dust, and the leader’s heart became tense.Soon after, the mercenary's hand successfully seized the cub, regardless of the fierce struggle of the cub, and slowly put it up. From beginning to end, the mercenary was cautious and always guarded against it. Sudden attack of sword dust.However, the sight of Jian Chen was cold, and then a silver-white sword suddenly appeared on the right hand. However, it turned into a silver-white light, and pierced toward the mercenary's throat at lightning speed.Although the mercenary had always been guarded against sword dust, the speed of the sword was still too fast for him. The mercenary could only find a silver light flashing away, and immediately found his own throat. Pain, and in front of my own eyes, a silvery long sword suddenly appeared. The next moment, a strong feeling of suffocation came. The mercenary could not even send out the screams and fell to the ground. The fifth-order cub, which was in his hands, also fell directly from the air to the ground, and it hurt a while.The sword of Jian Chen was too fast, even if the mercenary had been guarded against the sudden assault that Jian Chen might have made. However, when Jian Chen started to act on him, he still couldn't avoid this one that had exceeded his nerve reaction. sword.The leader of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps’ team looked a bit sluggishly at the mercenary who had been stabbed in the throat by a sword and sword. His face was unbelievable. His heart was a horror. The sudden speed of the sword dust was fast. Even with the strength of his senior sage, he only caught a rather vague shadow and he did not fully see it.In a short moment, the leader returned to God and forcibly pressed down the consternation in his heart. He immediately commanded, "Everybody gave me an excuse to kill it, but take care not to hurt the cub." Said, wearing A giant sword emerged from the leader of the armor, accompanied by powerful energy fluctuations, accompanied by a piercing sound of a broken voice, whistling toward the sword dust.In the Zhou’s mercenary regiment, another strong man with the strength of the sages also appeared with a great sword in the hands of the leader, waving a great sword and cutting it toward the sword dust. From the sword of sword dust, they both saw that the sword dust might not be so easy to deal with, so the only two strong sage orderers in the Zhou’s mercenary group actually killed the default one at the same time. Dust.On the other side, the Flame Corps of Combatants also faced up with the rest of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment and a fierce fight between the two sides took place. The members of the Flame Corps of Mercenary Corps did not disperse, but gathered together to form a circle, and protected them with the sword of the Holy Spirit alone. Because of this battle, the three swordsmen had only the power of the Holy One. Completely plugged in, only free copies. The other five great saints and the head of Kanda, who possesses the strength of the junior sages, are fighting around the circle and the mercenaries of the Chou Corps.However, due to the fact that the number and strength of the two parties were too different, it wasn’t long before the fierce fighting. The mercenary regiments of the Flames had completely fallen into the air and were almost completely beaten by the Zhou’s mercenary group, and they only resisted blindly.With a sword in hand, the imposing manner of the sword dust has also turned upside down, like a scabbarded sword, giving people a feeling of sharpness, and the bland eyes have become an instant. When they are sharp, their eyes are sharp like sharp swords, ordinary people, etc., I am afraid that they will feel a little bit shivering.