Chapter 113. Strength exposure"Drink!" The head of Kend suddenly gave a violent drink, and the mighty Holy Power flowed over the great axe, and then he threw a great axe, and he threw down the head of the Thunder and the head of the black tiger.A dexterous leaping leap from the black tiger body, avoiding the giant axe cut by the head of Kade, and then jumping again at a low altitude, heading towards the head of Kendres, and then opened the bloody mouth to bite at the head of Kade. .The head of Kend quickly retracted the cut axe. The crossover was in front of his own body. Finally, the black tiger bit on the axe handle of the great axe. At once, the sharp teeth were rubbed against the axe that had to be experienced even more than steel. At the same time, a terrible “click” sounded, and the powerful impact of the black tiger’s leap forward caused the head of Kanda’s head to retire a few steps, and each time he stepped back, he would A deep trace is stamped on the ground.Soon, the black tiger landed on all fours, and then did not respond to the time of the Kant's head, a pair of claws on the front paws that had already broken a few large open, and quickly grabbed the head of the Kent's chest.The head of Kanda was shocked. The attack of the black tiger was very fast. The sacred soldier in his hands was also bitten by the black tiger and could not be used at all. At this crucial moment, the head of Kend suddenly inhaled. The upright chest immediately collapsed, and at the same time, the black tiger's sharp claws, with a sound of broken air, quickly grabbed from the head of Kent's chest and brought up a few fragments. The clothes were floating in the air, and there were several splashes of blood that had been quickly swiped by the black tiger.This time, even though the head of Kend had already made some intrusion into his frontal chest that had been attacked, after all, it was too late, and the black tiger's claws on his front paws still scratched his chest, but it was worth fortunate. It's just a skin injury. If you don't, it's probably a blow. Kender's head will suffer a heavy blow.When the black tiger's claws just grabbed from the head of the Kandhi's chest, a large sword with a wide hand spanned and slammed into the back of the black tiger with a powerful Holy Power. A deep bone wound was left on the back of the black tiger, but due to stress, this wound was less than the length of the slap.Looking at the fight between the two players in the field, the sword dust shook his head helplessly. In his opinion, whether it was the head of Kand or Deere, they did not give full play to the advantage of their own weapons, a weapon in their hands. It is no longer known what weapons were used by them, and the attacking routines of the two of them were completely indiscriminate and completely hacked.Especially with the sword Deere, let the sword dust look extremely annoyed on one side, each weapon has its own characteristics, but also has a unique attack, Dir seems to not know how to use the sword, this In the hands of Deere, the sword did not play the advantage of half-point swordsmanship. Even sometimes, Deere actually used the sword as a knife and cut it with a sword.The fight continued for a second time. Both Deere and Kanderer suffered minor injuries. At this time, the Black Tiger suddenly went back to the sky to send out a tiger whistling and howling loudly. He was far away in the quiet mountains of Warcraft. After the whistle went, the Black Tiger slammed several times and temporarily avoided the heads of Kend and Deere, and immediately flew out to the outside."Be careful, it's going to escape.""Just stop it, don't let it escape."The direction of the black tiger fleeing is actually Changning Feng guarding. Looking at the rushing black tiger, Chang Ningfeng's eyes flash in the fiercest light, and then a long sword suddenly appears on the hand, and the mighty Holy Power circulates on the sword. , and then quickly toward the black tiger rushed to the thorn, at the last minute, Chang Ningfeng must do its best to leave this black tiger, otherwise, such a long battle is not a white one.When Chang Ningfeng started, several mercenaries who were closest to him also rushed toward his position. Kend and Deere both followed the black tiger.“Yeah!” a low roar in the mouth of the black tiger immediately waved a pair of front paws. The little claws on the front paw collided with the long sword of the Changning wind, and the powerful one on the front paw. The force directly shook the sword to a piece, and then the black tiger opened the bloody giant mouth and bitten it toward Changning’s head.Chang Ningfeng staturely withdrew, and at the same time, his long sword was taken back by him quickly, and he once again stabbed toward the giant mouth biting by the black tiger.    "Ding!"As soon as the sword had just fallen into the black giant's big blooded giant mouth, the black tiger's mouth suddenly closed, and with its sharp and very hard teeth, he firmly gripped the long sword of Changning wind puncture and made Changning The wind simply cannot pull the sword out of its mouth."Beast, let's die!"At this moment, a loud sip came from behind the black tiger, and saw that the head of the Kend had come behind the black tiger. The giant axe was lifted high and cut off with a broken voice towards the black tiger. At the same time, Deere and several other saints also arrived in front of Changning Wind to assist Changning Wind in dragging the black tiger.When the black tiger gave up his long sword in his mouth, and when the giant axe in the hands of Kanda’s captain was about to see its body, the black tiger suddenly became flexible and escaped from the past, despite the fact that the black axe had no machete black. The tiger's body, but still scratched the black tiger side of a layer of fur."Oh!"The black tiger made a painful roar, but the action did not stop at a single moment. It turned immediately and quickly moved in the opposite direction. But now the black tiger's escape route is just in front of the sword dust they did not participate in the fighting.Watching the black tiger running in its own direction, the knife and the Yunxuan were frightened. They each exclaimed and held their heads and rolled immediately to the side, and Cardides was in the first place. Try to avoid the black tiger at the fastest speed you can reach and go toward the distance. Only one of the sword dust is still standing there without moving, there is no change in face expression."Dust in the dust, get out of the way." The head of Kunder cried, immediately flew and tried to catch it in front of the black tiger, but although he had the strength of the sages, but in speed, Still not as good at running second-order Warcraft black tiger.Looking at the sword dust that was standing in front of him, the red tiger's eyes flashed with fierce red fierce lights, a low roar, and then suddenly he leaped up and rushed toward the sword dust at a terrific speed.Looking at the sword dust standing still there is not the slightest evasion of meaning, the flames mercenary group that several big saints are helpless sigh, his face showing a trace of pity.Regarding the strength of sword dust, everyone in the mercenary mercenary group thinks that he has only the strength of the Holy One. Even in this case, even the Holy Ones can deal with extremely difficult black tigers. A saint can be said to have no resistance. Force, although the black tiger has been seriously injured, but it is buried in the bones of wild animals are also thoroughly stimulated the fierce out of the black tiger fighting power not only did not weaken, but there is still a slight increase.Looking at the rushing black tiger, Jian Chen’s eyes, which had been bland and uninhibited, suddenly flashed Li Mang. Then there was only two fingers wide. The four-foot-long silver-white breeze sword suddenly appeared on the right hand. I saw a silver-white light flashing in front of the black tiger's body. At the same time, the body of the sword dust was also a spin, testing the distance to the side.    "bump!"The large and heavy body of the black tiger rushed to the place where the sword dust had just stood, and then the entire body did not move. The next moment, the red blood flowed out from the black tiger's neck, flowing smoothly. The muddy ground was invading the surrounding land at a slow speed.The head of Kend, who was heading towards this gallop, stopped suddenly and stopped. He stared blankly at the black tiger who was still on the ground and stood still on his face. There was no change in the sword dust, his eyes were full of surprise and incredible look, because just now, he clearly found a fast and incredible fuzzy sword shadow flashing in front of the black tiger's eyes at a very fast pace. Afterwards, the black tiger flew on the ground and could not move.The eyes of the head of the Kend’s head finally fell on the silver-lighted sword with only two fingers wide in the hands of the sword dust, and I saw that the sword was ski-sleeved, with no traces of blood on it, but the more so, the head of Kanda’s heart More shocked, and saw the sight of Jian Chen in a short time has occurred in a variety of changes, doubts, surprises, can not believe and shocked these kinds of looks all appear in the eyes of the head of Kade.At this time, the remaining five big saints finally came over. Five of them did not find the black tiger dead. As soon as five people came up, they escorted the black tiger to the regimental regiment. The weapons were immediately cut to the black tiger."This World of Warcraft is dead, everyone does not have to fight."As soon as the five sacred soldiers were about to stab the black tiger, the slightly trembling voice of the head of Kend came.Hearing that the five people with the strength of the Holy One had a look on their faces, the sacred soldier who had been cut down also paused in the air, and then the eyes of the five people fell on their feet. This black tiger carefully looked up.Until this time, the five talents saw clearly that in the black tiger's neck, there was a bloody roar, and the black tiger's red eyes, which were originally full of fierce light, became empty."Strangely, how did the black tiger die? It was still alive at the moment. How suddenly it died." Amber asked with a puzzled look.After listening to him, the remaining four saints stared at each other, and several people were puzzled.Head of Kende looked deep into the sword and dust, and said, "This black tiger was killed by the sword dust.""What, the sword dust killed, the head of the team, you are not kidding." Listened to the words of Kade, the knives jumped up immediately, said his face could not believe.Not only was the knife unbelievable, but all the members of the mercenary mercenary group could not believe it.