Chapter 114 The Zhou's Mercenary CorpsFor the strength of the sword dust, the entire flame mercenary regiment felt that he had only the strength of the saint. After all, the dagger’s mercenary badge was only the lowest level of d, and the other most important factor was because the sword dust was too young. The age is really too small. In Tianyuan, the age of twenty can become a saint, and the future is already very bright. They can't think of it. The sword dust in the early twenties seems to have easily killed second-order Warcraft. Strength, but also because there is a reason for all the people present, in addition to the head of Kade saw a vague shadow sword, the rest did not find the sword dust is how to kill the black tiger, is At what time the black tiger was killed.The head of Kanda's eyes stayed on the slender breezy sword held in the hands of the sword dust. He quickly calmed down and smiled. "If you don't believe it, then go and ask the sword dust yourself. In the tone of Kent’s head, he actually took a little excitement and added one more expert to his team. He was not excited.The first knife could not bear it, and immediately came to the front of the sword dust, first looked up and down the next sword dust, eyes in the hands of the sword dust that did not contaminate the slightest blood on the breeze sword stayed on the meeting, opened the road: "Dust dust, you have to tell me honestly, this black tiger is not you killed."Looking at the look of the knife and looking at it at the same time, he could no longer believe it. The sword dust nodded slightly and said, “Yes, it's me.” The sword dust did not intend to conceal his strength, so it was altogether confession. Now."Wow, isn't it!" The knife squinted and looked at the faint dust of the sword in a weird way. He exclaimed, "Dust in the sword, this fierce second-order Warcraft really kills you. You are. How did you kill it? Why didn't I see it?"After listening to the words behind the knife, in addition to the head of Kendall, everyone on the court stared at him intently. For how the sword dust killed the World of Warcraft, they also felt very strange because they only saw the black. When the tiger was about to rush on the sword dust, the body of the sword dust suddenly flanged a step away. At the same time, a long and thin sword appeared in his hands. What did the sword dust do to kill the black tiger? They did not find one.Of all the people, I am afraid that only one person looks at Jian Chen’s eyes a bit differently, that is, Kabides, and Kabides looks into Jian Chen’s eyes, as if he is carrying a pair of “I don’t know for sure”. .There was a slight smile on the face of the sword dust. He held up the light wind sword in his hand and said: "I killed myself with the sacred soldiers. As you did not see it, it was because I started faster."After listening to the words behind the sword dust, when the head of Kanda recalled the scene of the white light that had just passed away, he felt a burst of shock because he had to admit that the sword dust speed is really Too fast, so fast he can only catch a vague shadow, at this moment, the head of Kanda can not help but conjecture in his heart, if they face this speed is like a lightning quick sword, can How can you avoid or resist successfully without injury?Chang Ningfeng looked at the body of the black tiger lying at his feet and kicked the black tiger's body. He kicked his body and rolled it up. Then he stepped forward and reached out and pulled the black tiger's head out. The wound on the black tiger's neck.But when everyone saw the fatal wound on the neck of the black tiger, including Kender’s head, everyone sucked a cold air, because the wound was really deep, and there was already a third point in the entire neck. The area of ​​the second was cut off, leaving only the last third of the area still connected to the head, only a little, the whole head of the black tiger was cut off directly.What makes them unimaginable is that the black tiger has just made a forward move and the body is gliding in the air at high speed. With such a fast speed, the black dust can clearly catch the black tiger's throat. The fatal place to carry out an attack is so much that it is not something that anyone on the court can do.Deere took a deep breath, slowly calm down the horror of his own mind, his eyes looked at the sword dust in a complex way, and then his face showed a smile, said: “Dust powder, originally we thought you only have the Holy One. Strength, but now it seems that the situation is far from what we had imagined. What you can do for us all suffers."Amber also came to sword dust, extended a large palm, sly shot on the shoulder of Jian Chen, loudly: "You are too much meaning sword dust, you give me honest account, what is your current strength? In the stage, it will not be worse than the head of the team."After listening to amber, the sword dust reluctantly laughed and said: "By amber brother, I have what you say so powerful, and I'm the strength of today, but it is only about you, the middle-level saints.""Why not, how can the mid-level saints hunted a second-order World of Warcraft so easily." Amber whispered and then raised his head again. As he continued to ask questions, Jian Chen suddenly said: "Now everyone is still Quickly handle this corpse of Warcraft, and other things will come later."Hearing that, despite the fact that many people still have many doubts in their minds, they are still bored in their hearts and do not say anything, and then begin to deal with the black tiger's body."This black tiger is so powerful. Its strength is due to being at the second-order peak. It is only one step away from the third-order. After removing the magic core, the body of the black tiger is also loaded with bags. It should be able to sell a lot. Money," Kender ordered.On the Tianyuan mainland, people eat meat except for the most common beef. Most of them are some of Warcraft's meat. The meat of World of Warcraft is not only delicate, but also delicious and delicious, and the meat of World of Warcraft can make the body become stronger and stronger. The corpse on the Tianyuan mainland is also a hot commodity, especially the high-level Warcraft corpse, has always been in short supply.Jian Chen brought the light wind sword into the body, and then stood quietly watching the flames of the mercenary group with a large pocket of the black tiger's body. For this second-order Warcraft corpse, the sword dust naturally did not care, after all, He wants to kill second-order, even the third-order World of Warcraft are hand-to-hand, in the hands of the sword dust, these Warcraft has almost completely lost the ability to escape. But the flames are different from the mercenary regiment. Although there is a sages among them, it is far from being able to talk about comprehensive combat effectiveness. It is so difficult to slay a second-order peak of Warcraft with the strength of the mercenary mercenary group. And when the black tiger flees, if it is not blocked by the sword dust, I am afraid that with their strength can not really catch up with the black tiger who wants to escape. After all, these World of Warcraft can be said to be like fish in the forest, and human beings want to Acting from the forest is very limited by the geographical environment.At this moment, Jiangu’s ears moved slightly and suddenly looked up and looked sideways. Then it didn’t take long for the sword dust to look out. The weeds began to shake violently. Then there were more than 20 people wearing helmets. A pair of mercenaries armed with armor and armed to the teeth appeared in the sight of sword dust.When the mercenary armed with the mercenary appeared on the line of sight, the mercenary mercenary group also stopped their actions. One by one, staring at the two or more mercenaries facing each other, looked a bit between them. tension.Of the dozen or so heavily armed mercenary troops, the leader of the group glanced coldly at the flames of the mercenary regiment and then stayed on the body of the black tiger who had half-inserted into his pocket. Yes, the last wave of his hand, shouted low: "Go!" Said the leader led a dozen or so full-armed mercenary behind him, passing through the flames of mercenary mercenary group in front of the crowd, and finally Disappeared in the jungle, they didn't even look at everyone in the Flame Corps.“This is the Zhou’s mercenary group. I did not expect to meet them here.” Amber murmured after the team’s heavily armed mercenary walked."Amber Brother, Zhou's mercenary group is famous?" Jian Chen asked.Hearing words, amber nodded and said: "The strength of the Zhou's mercenary regiment is not the strongest in the city of WACKER, but for the mercenary group stationed in Wak City, the Clan of Mercenaries of the Zhou Clan. The strength of the team definitely ranks in the top ten. The team has a total of more than fifty people. The head of the team has the strength of the senior sages. There are six junior junior teachers and a total of more than two dozen saints. It can be described as very powerful. It is by no means part of our squad of mercenary mercenaries, but also behind the Zhou’s mercenary regiment and the support of the Zhou family of the big Wacker family. In Wak City, we dared to offend the commissar. There is not much power in the Corps."“Oh!” Jian Chen looked at the disappearance of Zhou’s mercenary group and did not mind it."Sword Dust, if you meet someone in the Warcraft Mountains later, you must be careful. In the Mountains of Warcraft, there are often cases of killing and transshipment. While some people hang mercenary marks, their behavior is even more. The robbers were not as good as they were.” Kender’s head came to the front of the sword and said with a solemn and serious expression.Looking at the serious expression of Kender's head, Jian Chen nodded and said; "I will be careful."At this time, the black tiger's body was also brought to the waistband of everyone's income, and the head of Kanda ordered: "Now here there are second-order World of Warcraft infested, and then deeper I am afraid I will meet more powerful third-order Warcraft, so then It's time for us to go around in this generation."Afterwards, the head of Kand and Deere bandaged their wounds. It is good that the wounds on both of them were not deep enough to exert any influence on the strength. When everything is ready, everyone will be on the road again. One by one full of vigilance notes the movement around.When the crowd just walked a little way, Jian Chen once again found a trail of Warcraft, but this time he met the same situation as in the past, this World of Warcraft covered by the jungle, and stayed about ten meters away from the mercenary regiment. Yes, then quietly receded.Jian Chen frowns and wonders, he is really ignorant of this situation in the end is how the matter, on this road, in addition to hunting a black tiger with second-order Warcraft power, he found a total of nearly ten The track of Warcraft, but these Warcraft actually did not jump out like a black tiger attack them."Is it really because we have too many people do not dare to come out." Jian dust again in the brain this idea, but soon he was vetoed, because it is totally unreasonable.