Chapter 116 One Horned PigThe next morning, when the sky was shining, the sword dust sitting cross-legged in the tent and absorbing the heaven and earth and practicing for a night slowly opened his eyes and felt the power of the Holy Spirit without the slightest increase in the body. In addition, even though he is nowadays absorbing the strength of the heavens and the earth is not comparable to the past, the strength of these heavens and the earth he absorbed has been almost completely stolen from his purple, green, and blue light spots. He himself can really absorb it. Ignore it.Out of the tent, Jian Chen stood outside and took a deep breath of fresh air in the early morning. Then he slowly looked up and looked at the lush foliage on his head. The hour is still early and the sky is still playing, not completely bright. The east, where the sun rises daily, is dark.Listening to the slight breaths from the other tents and the occasional snore, the sword dust shook his head in disappointment. With his ears, it was easy to hear that all the mercenary mercenaries were sleeping. No one is actually practicing.“Well, how can strength be improved because of such laziness? Although individual talent is important on the road of cultivation, diligence is even more important than talent. Even if the talent is high, if he is not diligent, he will The achievement is not as good as a mediocre, hard-working person." Jian Chen secretly thought.Afterwards, the sword dust went to the woods to find some dried branches, gave birth to a pile of fire, made a simple grill, and then put on a few pieces of Warcraft meat to roast it.Perhaps it was awakened by the movements outside. Kent's head drilled out of the tent and looked at the sword dust from the fire outside. He smiled and said, "Dustpan, it's been so early."Wen Sheng, Jian Chen did not return said: "The sky is bright, it is not too early."The head of Kend looked at the sky that was still graying. He smiled twice and did not speak. Then he drilled out of the tent and sat down before the fire.Not long after Kender’s head came out, the rest of the Flame Corps’ mercenary seemed to be awakened by the sounds of the outside. They walked out of the tent and then immediately began to put the tent up and put it into a space belt. After they were all set up, everyone gathered and sat down in front of the fire. In Amber's hand, he also took a jug and drunk alone.Seeing that people are all coming together, Jian Chen looked up at the head of Kend and said: "Head of Kendre, I don't know how you arranged for the next move.""The next course is still in this generation of activities, continue to hunt first-order second-order World of Warcraft, first stay in the mountains of Warcraft for a few days, until we have made a good harvest before leaving here." Kent head of faint Said.Hearing, the sword dust silenced the meeting, and then reopened: "King, head, I have a suggestion, I do not know when to speak improperly."The head of Kanda’s eyes fell on the Jian Chen and smiled and said: “Dust in the dust, if you have any suggestions, just say it out. You don’t have to worry about anything. Now that you have joined our team of mercenary mercenaries, regardless of age, we are all Brothers, even if they were wrong, are nothing.""My advice is, as we go deeper again, go directly to kill the third-order World of Warcraft." Jian Chen looked plainly head of Kade."What, hunting third-order World of Warcraft, Jian Chen, you crazy, the second-order peak of the black tiger is so difficult to kill, let alone third-order Warcraft." Knife looked surprised to see the sword dust, big alarm. Although the mercenary group of the Flame has increased the strength of a sword dust with an intermediate sage, but in the case of a knife, it would be a bit difficult to kill third-order Warcraft.After listening to this opinion of Jian Chen, everyone frowned deeply. Even though the mercenary mercenary group has a junior sages and six big saints, World of Warcraft’s strength due to congenital strength is definitely better than The same level of human beings are much stronger unless they have the skills or the power of the Holy Spirit that possesses the attributes. Otherwise, it is almost impossible for the strong human to kill the strength and the same level of Warcraft, even if it can kill. The price paid is also extremely heavy. The third-order Warcraft in the Warcraft Mountains, if met the third-order primary World of Warcraft, to the strength of the mercenary mercenary group under full force can barely kill it, but if you meet the strength of the third-order peak of Warcraft, The Flame Corps of Mercenaries could do nothing.After all, the World of Warcraft that had previously hunted a second-order peak not only suffered minor injury to Kender’s leader and Chang Ningfeng, but at the last minute, if it were not blocked by the sword dust, I’m afraid they still can’t put that strength in place. The second-order peak of the black tiger stays.Therefore, the sword dust hunting this third-order Warcraft recommendations, in the eyes of everyone in the mercenary mercenary group, it is undoubtedly self-inflicted.Kabides looked into Jian Chen's eyes and flashed a strange look. He asked, "Dust powder, since you volunteered to hunt down the third-order World of Warcraft, it must have been because you have to hunt third-order Warcraft. The strength of it."After listening to Kabides, the sword dust hesitated, then nodded and said: "As long as we don't meet three third-order World of Warcraft at the same time, we can say that there is no danger."The eyes of the people were bright, shocked, surprised, doubtful, and could not believe that the complicated eyes were thrown into the sword dust."Dust in dust, you say it is true, as long as we do not meet three third-order Warcraft at the same time, then you will not encounter the slightest danger." Kent's breathing became heavy and eager to ask Road. If it is as safe as the sword dust, then the head of the Kendler said that he should not pull the sword dust to kill the third-order World of Warcraft. After all, whether the third-order Warcraft is a dead body or a magic nucleus, its value is better than the second-order Warcraft. Several times higher."Dust dust, do you really have the power to hunt and kill third-order Warcraft?" Deere's tone is obviously not at all incredible. Although Jian Chen killed a second-order black tiger, but this black tiger is a serious injury, the strength and complete state of the third-order Warcraft simply can not be compared."Yeah, sword dust, this thing can be sloppy, but otherwise it would be life-threatening." It was Chang Ning's voice that was full of dignified tone.Jian Chen smiled and looked at everyone, for everyone's reaction, Jian Chen's mind did not feel the slightest unhappiness, after all, with the strength of the Flame mercenary group today, hunting third-order Warcraft is really too difficult a bit, do not pay attention, but There will be casualties, and everyone's caution is also reasonable."It's better for us to believe in me once, but it's if we can't really fight against the third-order World of Warcraft. We also have enough strength to retreat." Jian Chen's tone is full of self-confidence.It was heard that everyone's eyes suddenly gathered on the head of Kant. For such an important matter, it was up to Kant to personally decide.The head of Kend took a deep breath and stared at the sword dust. When he saw the incomparable self-confidence on the face of Jian Chen, the silver teeth bite and he finally resolved and shouted, "Okay, this time we He will do it for a while, Jian Chen, since you are so confident, then I will give you the command of the team for the time being. How to do it is entirely up to you to make decisions. I do not know if everyone has any problems." Said Kendall. The head of the group swept towards the crowd.    "I'm OK!"    "I'm OK!""I have no problem!"The decision of Kender’s head soon passed all of them. No one actually had opinions and all members passed it. Seeing this, Jian Chen’s face finally showed a glimmer of happy smile and said: “Well, since everyone trusts me so much, then I will never let everyone down. Now I will arrange it.” The tone of the sword dust paused, and then continued: "The next step is for me to walk in front. The position of the others remains the same. Once I meet the third-order World of Warcraft, I will be on top of it. Then you will pay attention to the guard around to prevent any difference. If you have other World of Warcraft attacks, then if you have any other World of Warcraft, you will try your best to hold it down. Remember not to work hard, just drag on.Hearing that, the flames of the mercenary group of people stared at each other and saw deep doubts and surprises from their eyes. They were indeed very curious in mind. Only the sword dust with the strength of the intermediate saints could alone One person hunted third-order World of Warcraft, and from his conversations, it is easy to hear that he did not seem to have put the third-order magic core at heart.After eating breakfast, the people packed their stuff and then headed once again into the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft. However, the current formation has changed, and the sword dust has left the front of the crowd ten meters away, while the rest have Keeping the previous formation unchanged, the entire team did not distribute a little momentum or murderousness. On the way, it attracted many first-order World of Warcraft. However, due to the reason that they are in a hurry to catch up, the first-order World of Warcraft has not been handed over to them. Several knives were dealt with, but they were directly killed by the great saints in the Flame Corps.As people continued to deepen, the terrain in the forest began to deteriorate. The ground was full of marshes that were hard to find with the naked eye. Various poisonous insects and highly toxic plants were everywhere, occasionally. It will be attacked by some special plants that can eat people.Along the way, everyone remained alert and watched carefully at the foot of the ground while carefully watching the surrounding environment. Along the way, everyone reaped several first- and second-order magic nucleus, but with the They continue to deepen, the first-order World of Warcraft is also gradually less up, and the second-order World of Warcraft, almost every walk, will meet one.At this moment, the front of Jian Chen's ear shook slightly, then the pace of progress stopped suddenly, raising his hand to indicate that the members of the Flame Team behind him stopped.Feel the action of sword dust, flames mercenary group of people also followed by a stop, one by one nervously annotated the surrounding, although the sword dust has repeatedly ensured that as long as not met with two or more third-order Warcraft, almost There will be no danger, but everyone's heart is still a burst of tension, after all, this is the third-order World of Warcraft, but not the usual second-order Warcraft. Although the second-order Warcraft and third-order Warcraft have only the difference of the first-order, but the strength is to be several times the difference.At this time, a beast's roar came from the front. With the violent shaking of the weeds in front of them, a monster with a two-meter-high body size appeared in the eyes of everyone. This World of Warcraft looks like a wild boar. Got, the long nose, and the wild boar are the only difference in the corner of the mouth, where the growth of a pair of feet long white teeth, forehead, followed by a single horn.The head of Kanda looked away at the sight of this head of Warcraft, his face immediately became dignified, said: "One-cornered devil pig! Jian Chen caution, this is the third-order Warcraft single-horned magic pig."Jian Chen slightly nodded, eyes dull staring at the front of the single-horned magic pig, silver-white light wind sword gradually appeared in the right hand, a layer of sturdy Jianmang emit out, wrapped the entire sword body."According to the original plan, this World of Warcraft has been handed over to me for processing. You have to pay attention to your own safety." After leaving this sentence, Jian Jian and his sword quickly rushed toward the single-horned wild boar.