Chapter 112 Guild Wars Black TigerAfter listening to the words of Kanda’s leader, Jian Chen secretly nodded in his heart. The impression on the head of KFC once again raised a level. In the Tianyuan Continent of the rivers and lakes of his previous life, the level of human peril was met. It is indeed not easy for a leader like Kanda to be selfless and devoted to the leadership of his own life. And, most importantly, the strength of the junior sages of Kanda, although not necessarily Separately hunted the third-order World of Warcraft, but deal with the second-order World of Warcraft is more than a poke, but unfortunately he did not alone to kill second-order World of Warcraft, but is willing to give up their more generous harvest, with a few big holy The players of the Holy Spirit and the players of the Holy Power collectively hunted World of Warcraft. Although the gains of hunting the World of Warcraft were allocated according to the size of the credit, the head of Kanda's own harvest would still be much less, even he alone. One person is not as good as half of what he gains from killing Warcraft.Just this point, let the sword dust in the heart is admired for the head of the Kend, but the sword dust for the Kade heads they had previously gained in the Warcraft forest feel a burst of speechless, in one has the strength of the sages The head of the team led the team. In addition, with the help of five big saints, the magical core that was harvested by such a powerful team was only a few of the poor areas. This made Jian Chen feel unbelievable. After all, he was the other day. When alone in the Warcraft Mountains, one day, at least to harvest more than ten or twenty second-order magic nucleus, and the third-order magic nucleus, he is estimated to be able to harvest about 10 a day, so efficient, and flame mercenary regiment this team Compared, it is simply impossible to compare.At this moment, Jiangu's ear moved slightly, slightly sideways, and staring slightly at the side of a weedy jungle, he had noticed that, at a distance of about ten meters from himself, clearly there was a World of Warcraft there. Activity, but these movements caused by the activities of Warcraft are very subtle, resulting in the Kendler group of people did not find its whereabouts at all.The World of Warcraft stayed there for a little while. Then it did not come to attack the people as the sword dust thought, but quietly retreated.Discovered this World of Warcraft retreat, the hearts of the sword dust more doubts."What's going on, those World of Warcraft could not find the strength of our team is too strong, they think that the strength is lost, so they did not come out and die." Jian Chen heart secretly thought, but just thought of this, another question also appears in In his heart, because these low-level World of Warcraft, there is no wisdom at all, how could such judgments be made.When the sword dust thinks that when he entered the World of Warcraft last time, it seems that whether it is first-order second-order or third-order World of Warcraft, it is immediately visible when he sees himself, or he hides himself in a secret place and attacks himself. This is completely different from now."What is going on? Is it that we have too many people, so those first-order World of Warcraft do not dare to come out." Jian Chen eyes glanced back and forth across the body, his face puzzled, because this road has come, he has found A few of Warcraft's strengths are probably in the dark at the first-order World of Warcraft.At this moment, there was a sudden change in the weeds in front of us. A sudden dark shadow suddenly appeared, and we shot at the head of the Kade who was walking to the front.Because all the people were on guard along the way, when this dark shadow had just appeared, it was immediately discovered by the head of Kand and Deere, watching the black shadow toward himself, Kender. The head of the team smiled and shouted; "It's good to meet him." When he spoke, a large axe had appeared in the hands of Kant's head, and then the sharp blade had scratched the air with a The cracks in the stock market were cut off at an extremely fast pace toward the dark shadows.As he was sure that the head of the group was attacking, Deere, who was standing behind him, also appeared a slap-width long sword, ready to be ready at any time.    "Ding!"The giant axe in the hands of the definitive head collided with the dark shadow in midair, and made a whisper sound. The momentum of the black shadow came to an abrupt end and it was immediately shaken by the strong anti-quake force on the axe. It flew out.The shadowy body slid back five meters away in the air, and it fell firmly on the ground. At this time, all the talents saw the true appearance of this dark shadow. It was actually a tiger with one foot high. The body had dark hair, and on the pair of front paws in front of the tiger, the sharp sharp claws had already broken several pieces with a little blood stain on it.“Brothers, surround!” Kent yelled, then waved the giant axe again and attacked the black tiger in front of him. The four bred amber, Changning Feng and Zhou Dakai, who possess the power of the Holy One, are scattered around the black tiger to prevent the black tiger from fleeing. Deere, who has the power of the senior saints, joined the battlefield with his long sword. He and the Kanda leader teamed together to kill the black tiger.This black tiger is a second-order World of Warcraft. Faced with the siege of a junior saint and a senior saint, it can be said that there is no chance of winning. Soon the black tiger's body is already full of blemishes. In a horrible wound, the red blood flowed out of the body, and the black hair was dyed purple.Jian Chen and Knife and Yun Xuan three people stood intently staring at the battle in the distance, because World of Warcraft has a natural advantage, a second-order World of Warcraft is not even ordinary opponents, so this Fighting, knives Some of them have only the strength of the saints are still completely unable to get started, even if it goes up, I am afraid it is to increase casualties.Looking at the head of the Kandil and Black Tiger slaying Kade and Deere, the knife eager to face the face, his eyes full of longing, seeing that way, put the Buddha is anxious to incarnate himself as head of the Kandhi, and black tiger The fierce battle was like 300 rounds.“In the future, I must practice rigorously and strive to reach the stage of the sages as soon as possible so that I can kill a second-order magic nucleus alone.” The knife gnawed his teeth and said slyly.After listening to these words, Yun Xuan standing beside the knife could not help but smile and said: “Knife, your strength is still in the middle of the saints, but there is a long way to go from the Holy Master, with your cultivation talent, It is estimated that it will take more than 40 years to become a sages, even more than that.""When I was in my forties, I was in my 40s. Then there is something. You don't think that the head of the team was a sages at this age. Anyway, I will reach the sages one day." The knife was a bit dissatisfied. Then, with a look of hope in the eyes, he murmured: "When I have the strength of the sages, I can alone wander the WoW, alone and World of Warcraft, more power."Looked at the look of the knife that look, Yun Xuan helpless shook his head, secretly humming: "St. teacher is amazing you, is not only to bully the second-order World of Warcraft, you think you have the strength of the sages can be in the mountains of Warcraft The rampant was noisy.” Then Yun Xuan turned to look at the sword dust standing beside him and said: “Hey, Jian Chen, you are the first few times to enter the World of Warcraft Mountains. See you so small. It will be the first time to come here."Hearing, Jianqi said with a touch of light: "It should be the second time." Although the sword dust entered the forest and hunted a World of Warcraft at Kargath Academy, it was not formal at all, and that World of Warcraft in the forest was still stocked by the college and was ignored by him directly.Yun Xuan eyes light up, suddenly came to an interest, followed by queried: "Then you first entered the mountains of Warcraft there are several people, ah, strength is like, there is no such a master as Kade ah so powerful."After listening to this, Jian Chen turned his head and looked at Xuanyun Xuan. He slightly hesitated and said, "The first time I was alone in the World of Warcraft, but..."After the sword dust was not finished, it was interrupted by Yun Xuan. "What, for the first time, you entered the World of Warcraft Mountains alone. Wow, Jian Chen, I really worship you."Jian Chen showed a slight smile on his face and said: "Yun Xuan, you don't need to be so loud, and for the first time, I just wandered around to the outside of the Warcraft Mountains."Yunxuan looked at Jian Chen with admiration and said, “I’m really worshiping sword dust. I adore your guts. Your guts are really too big. Don’t you know that even at the periphery of the Warcraft Mountains is very Dangerous, you can meet the first-order World of Warcraft, but you still have a chance to escape. If you meet the second-order World of Warcraft, then your little life can be accountable there.” After that, Yun Xuan patted his chest. He said: "But your kid is very fortunate. You haven't met World of Warcraft. Otherwise, you're probably finished.""Yeah, Jian Chen, after you can never come to the World of Warcraft Mountains, although we are very calm on this road, but you can never look down on the World of Warcraft forest." Knife also said face solemnly, The expression is very serious.After listening to the two men, Jian Chen showed a slight smile on his face and said: "Well, I know. Now we still watch the head fight with the Black Tiger. Watching this kind of scene is very helpful to you. At the very least, learning how to fight is also good."Kabides stood on the sides of the sword dust and looked at the sword dust in surprise. His eyes glanced up and down several times in the dust of the sword dust. His eyes shimmered with flashes of light, revealing a hint of trepidation, but it was Nothing was said. Quietly standing there, there was no word.After listening to the sword dust, the knife and Yun Xuan did not speak again, focusing on the fight in the field.Up to now, the heads of Kand and Deere have shook the tea with black tigers. Now the black tiger is in blood and the wounds are all over the body. Nevertheless, Kend and Deere The two also inspired the black tiger's fierceness and madness that belonged to World of Warcraft and suffered heavy losses. The strength of the black tiger not only did not diminish the slightest, but became more and more brave. The huge body circumvented the head of Kend and Deere two. The person was dexterously beating, dodging the attacks of the two, and the bloody giant mouth and a pair of front paws continued to attack Kend and Deere.