Chapter 110 Departure of the Mountains of Warcraft"Good time!" The middle-aged man shouted, waving his machete and did not dare to meet the sword dust, but at this moment, his face has become serious."Oh!"In the quiet little hutong, there was a series of clashes that were made by the weapons and the sword dust and the middle-aged man's body moved quickly in this small hutong. The sword dust faced a mid-level sages with the power of a mid-level saint, and in the face of a hard-fought fight, it did not actually fall out of the air.Jian Ding’s body is light and spirited, moving like a ghost around a middle-aged man, and the silver-white light wind sword in his hand is constantly turned into silver rays and pierced in different directions. The throat of a middle-aged man, and the machete in the middle-aged man's hands has been impenetrable to his dance, constantly resisting the attack of sword dust. In the beginning, middle-aged men faced the sword dust like a tidal wave. Endless attacks have occasionally had the ability to fight back, but as the speed of swords and swords continues to accelerate, gradually, middle-aged men have lost their resistance under the intensive and dusty conditions of sword dust. Can only resist blindly.Not a middle-aged man can not fight back, but when he fights back, I am afraid that his own attack has not fallen on the sword dust body, he himself was pierced by the speed of lightning like a sword to pierce the throat.The middle-aged man's forehead is covered with a fine layer of perspiration. He never thought that young people, who seem to be only 20 years old, are actually so powerful that they can use their own strength as intermediate sage. It was almost impossible to parry, and the most frightening thing for middle-aged men was that the youth's sword was too fast. Not only did it swiftly prodigious, but the frequency of swords was also scary.Now, in the hearts of middle-aged men, it is very regrettable. If it had been known that Jian Chen had such a powerful strength, he said that nothing would follow.In the small hutongs, more than a dozen people looked at the fierce fire and dust of the middle-aged men with a look of sluggishness. They also did not expect that the sword dust that was younger than them should have been waiting for themselves. The power of people to compete with each other, although they still have more than a dozen people, but in the face of such a battle, they can not plug it in, even if they rashly, but also vainly die, even though there are three people who have the power of the Holy One, but With the strength of their saints, they can see clearly in this kind of battle. With their eyesight, one can see that their boss has fallen into the wind, and he is not defeated by the sword dust, only Blindly resisting, life can be said to be no guarantee at any time, even if they wait for others to rush forward, but also useless, but simply sent to death only because they are completely confident that they can escape the Jianwu lightning sword.After the sword dust and the middle-aged man played against each other for a few more rounds, he took advantage of the neutral gear that the middle-aged man resisted. The fierce light in the eyes of the sword dust flickered. The right arm suddenly stunned, reaching out like a bolt of lightning. Driven, the light wind sword held in his hand is turned into a silvery white light toward the throat of the middle-aged man, and instantly comes to the throat of the middle-aged man. This sword is a sword dust and The fastest sword ever stabbed by middle-aged men.The middle-aged man was overshadowed. Facing this extreme sword, he almost completely lost his ability to dodge and resist. The speed of this sword is too fast. In the eyes of middle-aged men, this sword's The pace of speed has reached an incredible point, and it is not at all her ability to dodge.The middle-aged man's face instantly became extremely pale. As he thought he must die, the silver-white light wind sword just came into contact with his throat. At this moment, it suddenly stopped, and the sharp tip of the sword just touched the throat of a middle-aged man.Although the Breeze Sword did not pierce the throat of a middle-aged man, the middle-aged man still felt a difficulty in breathing, and the throat where it was pointed by the tip of the sword was even more painful as if it were his own. The throat has been cut by a sword.The middle-aged man's body kept his original posture and stood there stupidly. Now he is not even dare to move, fearing that he has a little movement, this silver-gray sword will be mercilessly stabbed. Into his throat, and in the middle-aged man's face, has been covered with fine cold sweat."Great .... big... heroes... heroes forgiveness..... heroes forgiveness, ah, next... next time... next time no longer dare to offend heroes.” Middle-aged man looks with fear Jian Chen, tone trembling opening for mercy. In this case, the middle-aged man no longer takes his face and the sword dust is much younger than himself. In his view, as long as he can recover this one. Life is not impossible even if it is given to sword dust.The sword dust looked calmly at the middle-aged man, his mouth revealing a trace of sneer, and then slowly regained his sword and said: "Today I'm in a good mood and I don't want to open the killing ring. Afterwards, let's do it yourself. Don't let me meet you. You are still doing this trip, here is so close to the mountains of Warcraft, with your strength, to kill some low-level Warcraft is more than enough." Leave this sentence, sword dust away from this small alley."Yes, yes, we must obey the orders of the heroes. We will never do this in the future." The middle-aged man quickly said, looking at him like that, as if the command of the sword dust did not dare to have the slightest . .When the figure of Jian Chen disappeared in the small alley, the middle-aged man took a deep breath and reached out and wiped his cold sweat on his forehead. Now when he thinks of the momentary scene of life and death, the middle-aged man feels A burst of frightened, just at the moment, his own life can be ordered to hang a line, almost finished.After leaving the small alley, Jian Chen passed several streets and then found a hotel to stay. At night, the sword dust sits cross-legged on the bed, holding a fist-sized white stone in his hands."What the hell is this thing, it looks like a stone, but the material is a bit different from the stone. It's iron, but it's also a bit different from iron." Staring at the size of the hand, the weight is white. Jin Qi strange white stone, Jian Chen's face puzzled.In the beginning, it was the strangeness of the two spots of purple and green in the sword dust Dan Tianzhong that caused Jian Chen’s interest in this white stone. At that time, Jian Chen also clearly felt that the two light spots in Dantian were incredible. It was similar to the excitement and happiness of mood swings, but when he bought this white stone, his purple, green, and yellow light spots once again fell silent and returned to their former state. Now he Taking White Stone in his hands could not bring about the slightest change in the two light spots in Tanaka.And for this strange white stone, sword dust is completely ignorant of its origin, although he had seen many books in various fields in the college's library before, but he still could not find any news about Whitehead.Jian Chen took Bai Shi in his hands over and over for a long time. In addition to knowing that this piece of white stone was very hard, the others were not the least rewarding. Even if he used blisters and used fire, he couldn't change the white stone. In the end, the dust had to put Bai Shi into the space belt again.Afterwards, Jian Chen once again observed the purple and green light spots under the dwelling in his own pubic region. Now the situation of these two light spots is the same as in the past, and they are quietly entrenched there, without the slightest change. Although these two spots of light are scattered in the Dantian of Jian Chen, Jian Chen is helpless with it. Even if it is close enough, it will not work. It will only be seen from afar, because there are two spots around the purple and the green. A mystical power guard, once the sword dust is about to be approached, will be hindered by this mystical power, and this mysterious power is very powerful. With the ability of Jian Chen today, it cannot break through this force. Therefore, An area near the point of purple, green and two light spots is completely a restricted area for sword dust."Oh!" Jian Chen secretly sighed, and now his accident occurred in Dantian, do not know whether it is a blessing or a curse.On this night, Jian Chen did not practice as he used to. Instead, he fell asleep on the bed and he had already left Goshen for two or three months. This evening, but he has been the first few months. Sleep at one time.Sleeping is undoubtedly a supplement to gods who consume too much during the day, and the god of sword dust is inherently powerful. As long as he does not use the powers of God's imperial sword and controlling the light of the Holy Power to consume too much of God, he can be several days in a matter of days. He does not sleep at night, and in the past he practiced every night. During his cultivation, his god could also recover quickly. Therefore, the sword dust never sleeps in the past few months, and it has no effect on it.Early in the morning of the next day, the sword dust cleared his bed and opened the window to watch the early morning scenery outside and breathe the fresh air in the morning. He exclaimed, “I haven’t slept in months and I’m getting fast. What was the taste of forgetting to sleep, and now I realized that it was so comfortable to sleep!"Afterwards, sword dust settled and left the hotel directly. Then he went to buy a good horse and rushed to the place agreed with Kend on horseback.The place where the Flames Mercenary Corps gathers is still the dim hut. At the same time, this hut is also the resting place for eight of them. A small mercenary group like the Flames Mercenary Corps simply does not have enough funds to buy. Large-scale homesteads, so only cohabitation in this small place.Before coming to the hut, the sword dust fixed the horse rope. When he was about to knock on the door, the door was suddenly opened. The door was a young man with thin skin. The age did not seem to be much bigger than the sword dust. In addition to sword dust, the Corps was the youngest person, the knife.There was a faint smile on the face of Jian Chen. "Knife, this is going out?"The knife smiled and said: "I heard horseshoe sounds, so I guess you came when you guessed. It wasn't for you to open the door. Come in, Jian Chen, everyone is waiting for you."