When the sword dust entered the house, it was discovered that including Kendall, everyone was eating breakfast on the table, and there was a large plate of hot beef on the table."Dust mites, come and eat together. Today we have to fight. The stomach must be filled. We have to be strong when the World of Warcraft is killed." The head of Kend got up from his stool and pulled sword dust on him. Sitting down on a stool next to him.Amber chewed a large piece of mutton into his mouth, murmured and said vaguely: "Yes, nowadays the stomach must be filled, and if you encounter powerful World of Warcraft, you can escape even if you can't beat it."After listening to this, Head of Kent took a look at Amber and said: "Amber, you just hope to meet those World of Warcraft that we can't beat. If we meet the fourth-order World of Warcraft that is good at speed, we all have it. His life can be accounted for in the Mountains of Warcraft.""Kendh, I don't talk about it. Do I need it so seriously? I also use the fourth-order Warcraft to scare me. We are not in the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft. How could we meet fourth-order Warcraft?" Amber said a bit dissatisfied.Sitting at the desk, the sword dust is also welcome, picking up a piece of beef from his chopsticks and putting it in his mouth, chewing it. "Uncle Kant, amber said well, the fourth-order World of Warcraft is only in the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft. Yes, as long as we do not enter the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft, it is impossible to meet the fourth-order World of Warcraft." In the Warcraft Mountains, sword dust but spent a few days, so for these things is also more clear."The words can't be said." Kent's face suddenly became a little serious, looked around for a week, screech: "Although we are only outside the activities of the mountains of Warcraft, but we still can not have the slightest light, Although the fourth-order World of Warcraft is generally in the depths of the activities of the mountains of Warcraft, but there are some exceptions, some leisurely boring fourth-order World of Warcraft, or is similar to the World of Warcraft, even from the depths of the mountains of Warcraft to the outside It is not impossible. Such things are common in the Tianyuan continent and it is not known how many times it has happened."After listening to these words, Jian Chen nodded slightly. For the words of Kanda's leader, he was also in the mind, because in the college’s library, he had seen this material from books, and some of them were powerful. Originally, Warcraft should have stayed in the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft. Occasionally, it will appear in the outskirts of the Mountains of Warcraft. However, this kind of thing is only rarely happening. At least during the period when the sword dust stayed in the Mountains of Warcraft, it never happened. Peripheral met with the fourth-order World of Warcraft, even the third-order are very few."Of course we know this, although I have never met, I have heard many colleagues talk about it. OK, Kendler, you don't say anything about it. It makes everyone's hearts heavy, if they really meet The thing was that we were unlucky. Everyone hurried to eat and eat. It was a middle-aged man who was about the same age as Kendna, but it was a group of flame mercenaries with the exception of Kend. One of the most powerful people, Deere, has the power of a senior saint, and is only one step away from the Holy Master.When Dill opened his mouth, everyone really quieted down. They all suffocated their heads to eat and threw beef into their stomachs. Soon, a large plate of beef was eaten empty and there was not even a little residue left. .After the meal was over, everyone did not stop and immediately set out to the Mountain of Warcraft. However, of the nine people, except for the sword dust riding a horse, the remaining eight were all on foot."Dust dust, to the outside of the mountains of Warcraft, you want to do this horse, ah, you can not always bring this horse into the mountains of Warcraft." Looking at the white horse dang under the sword dust, head of the Kade Asked puzzled.Hearing that, Jian Chen smiled, and reached out and touched the white hair on the back of the white horse, saying: “This is about 20 kilometers away from the Mountain of Warcraft. When it comes to the outskirts of the Mountain of Warcraft, I’ll be free.”After listening to these words, the knife immediately jumped up, waiting for sword dust in one pair of eyes and shouted, "No, Jian Jian, do you want to release it? You are also wasting your money."There was a slight smile on the face of Jian Chen, saying: “Release it, and then why not return it to freedom? It is so big that it can survive on Tianyuan mainland, and it depends on its good fortune.” On the mainland, horses are just the most common and lowest-level means of transportation, and on the Tianyuan mainland, there are plenty of spirits. Not only the beasts can absorb heaven and earth, or eat some heavenly treasures to advance into World of Warcraft. Even these horses are advanced. Opportunities, at least sword dust, have been seen on books. A hundred years ago, on the Tianyuan mainland, there was a horse with fifth-order Warcraft power. However, because of their own conditions, horses are very poor in congenital conditions and advanced to them. It is a very difficult road and it takes a long time.Although a few people are walking, but the speed of the road is not satisfied, after no more than one hour after the hurry, the crowd finally came to the Warcraft Mountains.Looking at the lush green woods in front of him, Jian Chen also put his horse on his back and followed the team toward the forest. As for the group of white horses, Jian Chen did not ignore it. Over time, it would naturally leave.“From now on, everyone is careful that although most of the forests are wild beasts, we still dare not take any light.” Head of Kent glanced at the people with seriousness and continued: “Now I am Deere and Amber walk in front of the team. Zhou Dakai, Zhou Xiaokai and Chang Ningfeng are the three of you walking behind the team. The rest are in the middle of the team.”Next, the team maintained a rapid advancement of the formation of the Kendler team leader, along the way, although there are many beasts to harass, but these strengths are even better than the beasts of the first-class Warcraft is fundamental to this team. There is no threat at all.So it has been three hours, the flames mercenary team finally passed through this piece of forest, came to the outskirts of the Warcraft Mountains, where there is a first-order World of Warcraft infested.The head of Kanda who walked in front of the team looked around and then said to the crowd: "Now everyone is prepared to fight at any time! Now we will meet first-order and second-order World of Warcraft at any time."However, this sentence of Kade is obviously superfluous. In addition to the sword dust, everyone in the team is ready to fight at any time in the morning, one by one, looking fiercely around.The team kept the formation alert and continued to move forward, but after two hours, in addition to meeting a few blind acceptance, World of Warcraft was not met.Jian Chen walked in the middle of the team, his eyes flickering, this way, he clearly aware of a lot of the activities caused by the activities of Warcraft, but he was puzzled that these World of Warcraft at most close to them ten meters away The masking of the weeds and jungles paused and then they retreated. No one dared to jump out. This made the sword dust puzzled."Is these World of Warcraft is to find that our team strength is too strong, so I dare not come to die." Jian Chen frowned, his heart secretly thinking, the other day he was alone into the mountains of Warcraft, but did not meet this Things.After thinking about the meeting, the sword dust finally could not help but said: "Uncle Kant, have you found that something is wrong?"This sentence of the sword dust is undoubtedly very sensitive to all the people at this time. After listening to this, everyone's eyes are staring at the sword dust. The head of the Kend opening asks: “The sword dust, what? What's wrong?"The sword dust hesitated and said, "This is obviously the scope of the first-order World of Warcraft activities. Why did we not meet a World of Warcraft when we walked along the way?"After listening to these words, the crowd suddenly breathed a sigh of relief. Originally, they thought that what Jian Jian had found would be detrimental to them.The head of Kendh smiled and said: "Dust dust, this situation is very normal, although here has reached the scope of the first-order World of Warcraft activities, but the vast number of Warcraft Mountains, we walk along the road is only a straight line It's not uncommon for you to meet World of Warcraft, because we used to enter the World of Warcraft Mountains every time. This is the case."The sword brow slightly wrinkled, but his heart is clear, the actual situation is not the case."Head of Kendall, did you not even meet a first-order World of Warcraft before you met?" Jian Chen continued to ask."No, it's just a rare encounter with World of Warcraft. Most of the encounters are World of Warcraft II and III. Of course, sometimes a back and forth cannot see a first-order World of Warcraft." Did not feel impatient heart, carefully asked the sword dust commentary."Head of Kendre, how many magical nucleuses can you possibly harvest on a weekday?" asked Jian Chen."This is a lot to say." The head of Kanda pondered the meeting and said: "Under normal circumstances, we can probably harvest four or five second-order magic nucleuses a day. Sometimes when we are lucky, we can harvest six or seven. Order magic nuclei, as the third-order, then less, because we are only outside the action in the Warcraft Mountains, third-order Warcraft rarely come and go in this generation, so meet the third-order World of Warcraft is very rare, and third-order World of Warcraft is very If it is difficult to fight, once we fight, we will inevitably be injured. Therefore, unless we take the initiative to meet the third-order World of Warcraft, otherwise, it is simply impossible to provoke third-order Warcraft.”Said here, the head of Kend tone of tone, and then continue to say: "Unless Dick breaks through to the strength of the sages, and then we gather everyone's power, you should be able to kill the third-order World of Warcraft at the lowest price, but did not break through in the Dick Before the division's strength, we can avoid the third-order World of Warcraft, although the price of the third-order magic nucleus is several times higher than the second-order magic nucleus, but I do not want to suffer casualties, and even lost my life. That’s what use it if there’s more money.”