Chapter 118 Eighth-order cubs“After these ten days of running, I think the brothers are tired. And there is not much left in our space belt. So I think tomorrow morning, we will leave the Wattle Mountain, Wak. Take a few days off and relax. I don't know whether or not everyone has any opinions,” Kade said.Upon hearing this, all eyes looked at Jian Chen, and Deere opened the door directly: "Dust dust, this thing is still your idea."Jian Chen added dry sticks to the fire and said, "Kendres decided to do just fine. I don't care."Hearing, the head of Kendeh hesitated again, and then his eyes swept away at the crowd and said: "Since the little brother of Jian Chen has no opinion, then we leave the World of Warcraft Mountains early in the morning and return to Wak City for a good rest. And the past few days and successive battles of the third-order Warcraft sword dust, it is estimated that the body is also a little tired of it. "Kent's voice is actually very rare with a hint of sadness, third-order Warcraft for the flame mercenary The regiment said that even on weekdays, they had to weigh up their own strength, and these days they followed behind the sword dust, just grabbing the body of the third-order World of Warcraft, and the crippled hands were weak. This kind of situation is definitely a very happy and very happy event for all people who use flames together. If the conditions permit, the hearts of everyone in the mercenary mercenary group really hope to stay a few more here. Day time.However, their minds are also very clear at the same time, the sword dust continuous battles with the third-order World of Warcraft in these days, although the body did not suffer any injuries, but physically and mentally it will inevitably produce fatigue, it still takes time to rest, take a good look at the body's situation."After you return, be sure to deal with the Warcraft corpse in the space belt for the first time. The longer you leave this thing, the younger it will be, and the value will be greatly reduced." The knife touched and hung on his waist. Space belt, whispered.With the action of the knife, everyone also subconsciously reached out and touched the waist belt around their waist. Now their space belts are filled with one or two, or even three or four smaller third-order Warcraft corpses, and the original space The contents of the belt have all been focused on the head of Kend. After all, there is no valuable item on their home.At this moment, a trace of fragrant scent drifted out of the fire. Only a few large pieces of Warcraft meat on a fire rack had been tested in golden yellow, and a drop of oil was squeezed from the meat. Out, constantly dropping in the fire below, issued a "bang" sound.Smell the thick scent, everyone has a big appetite, but some people have started to make squeaks in their stomachs.Suddenly, Jiangu’s ear moved slightly, and then suddenly turned to look in the direction behind him. However, when he just turned his head, in the darkness of the distance, a petite look that was really the shape of the beast form. In front of him behind him, the sword dust only felt his own eyes, and the petite body was close to his body.“Everyone is careful!” Jian Chen slammed, and it was too late to look at what the petite body was. In the end, the hands were suddenly hitting the ground. The body sitting cross-legged on the ground suddenly jumped up and was in mid-air, white and light. Feng Jian moment appeared in the right hand of Jian Chen.The rest of the Flame Corps Corps was not slow, almost heard the dust from the sword dust, and all of Teng’s eyes stood up from the ground and they offered their own sacred soldiers and looked around vigilantly.The sword dust rolled up a few volleys and finally settled firmly on the ground just three meters away. His eyes were staring at the burning fire, and beside the fire, there was actually a foot long. Little beast.The little beast looks very cute, a pure golden hair shining under the light of the fire, as if exudes a radiant glow, and the beast's eyes are tightly staring at the fire on the grill, exudes a strong smell of fast-burning World of Warcraft The flesh, the tiny tongue, constantly spit out of his mouth, licking his own lips, and his front paws are eagerly moving in place, anxiously impatient.Looking at this little body, but the foot of a small beast, sword dust suddenly relieved to see the appearance of the little beast, apparently attracted by the smell of Warcraft meat."Dust dust, what happened in the end." At this time, Kender's voice came over. Since he heard the low noise of sword dust, he immediately vigilated, but after he observed the change in his surroundings, nothing was found.Jian Chen smiled and said: "Nothing, but suddenly ran out of this thing." Then, Jian Chen pointed his finger at the little beast standing in front of the fire.It was heard that all the people's eyes looked in the direction of the sword dust, and it was only then that they discovered that before the fire, I did not know when a little beast had come out."This is ....." Several people looked at each other and saw the surprised look from their eyes.The head of Kendell approached a few steps, and he stooped slightly, staring at the little beast before he looked at the meeting, and then his eyes revealed a thoughtful look, saying: “Looks like this is due to be a wolf of Warcraft. Well, Jian Chen, can you see the origin of this little beast and what kind of species it is."Jian Chen slowly came to the front of the small animal, slowly squatted down and looked at this little beast. The little beast in front of the stranger did not even fear the slightest, it did not even look at the crowd, a pair of small eyes, just blindly staring at the fire on the rack of Warcraft meat. I do not know that he is not afraid of these people at all, or because the age is too small, there is no fear of emotion.Looked at the little beast so look like, sword dust face could not help but a smile, and then reached for a large piece of Warcraft meat sticks, tear off a piece of grilled golden meat from the top, took it deep in front of the nose Deep smell a few mouthfuls."Hey!" "Hey!" "Hey!"The beast paired their eyes tightly at the piece of Warcraft meat that had been torn off by the sword dust. The four hoofs slammed on the ground and finally they stood up. The voice of “Oh!” kept flowing in the mouth. There has been saliva drooping down the corner of the mouth.To see the little beast so want to eat this piece of meat, sword dust will no longer continue to tempt the little beast, and directly to the tear off this piece of Warcraft meat on the beast's mouth. The beast immediately extended its two forepaws, clinging to the meat of Warcraft, and then was not afraid of hot, and ate it directly.The sword dust extended a hand and lifted the little beast directly. He looked carefully in front of his eyes. The beast seemed to be unaware that he had been raised by others, and was still eating in a large mouth. It holds the meat of Warcraft on the forepaws.Staring at the little beasts, the face of the sword dust gradually became wonderful, and finally, his face gradually reveals a smile of excitement."Dust dust, but you see the origin of this cub, I do not know what kind of." Looking at the face of Jian Chen dust, Chang Ning could not help but the opening asked.Jian Dan slowly put down the little beast and said with some excitement: "If I guess it's good, this should be the fifth-order World War II Golden Tiger King's young son.""What, the youngest child of the fifth-order Warcraft Golden Tiger Tigers, Jian Chen, you are sure that you are not mistaken." Kabides gently cover his mouth, the tone is full of unsightly shock. The rest of the people have a look of dismay and disbelief on their faces.The youngest child of the fifth-order World of Warcraft Golden Retriever King, although strength is not too strong when young, but this kind of World of Warcraft because of its unique natural advantages, in the adult directly after the strength of the Earth's sages, the middle will not encounter the slightest Obstacles can be described as smooth, and there is still a lot of room for improvement. It is not like the way World of Warcraft does. It takes a long period of practice after being grown up to step up and improve one’s strength, and can you train to five? Order strength of Warcraft is not yet known.Jian Chen once again stared at the relished little beast and said: "It should not be wrong." In the library of the Carcass College, Jian Chen had read a lot of information about the World of Warcraft, so Tian Yuan. Many types of Warcraft on the continent, the sword dust is very clear, and the Golden Tiger King is the most eye is that a golden hair and the head of the "king" word, plus the size of this small beast, so a sword dust The origin of this little beast is determined.The flames of the Mercenary Corps took a deep breath. At this moment, everyone’s heart was beaten uncontrollably. Although the fifth-order World of Warcraft pups were still far less than the fifth-order strength, they also needed to grow up. A certain time, but its value is far more expensive than a fifth-order adult Warcraft.Because an adult fifth-order World of Warcraft has initially possessed certain wisdom, they would rather die and would not succumb to human beings' pets and mounts, so it would be extremely difficult to tame an adult World of Warcraft. The cub is different, because the cubs are not yet mature, so domestication is very easy, and the emotion is also very easy to cultivate, once the fifth-order World of Warcraft cubs began to domesticated, when it is adult, not only has the fifth-order Warcraft The strength, but also the future growth space is also very large, very likely will be promoted to the sixth or even seventh-order World of Warcraft.The most important thing is that at this time, this adulthood has already had a deep relationship with the humans that feed him. This way, there is no need to spend too much effort and you can get a powerful World of Warcraft. , And once the Lord of Warcraft, loyalty is very high, will not give birth to a betrayal of mind in life, so a fifth-order World of Warcraft pups, in the market, almost all of the existence of price-free, If there is a sudden emergence of a fifth-order World of Warcraft cubs, then there will definitely be a lot of strength to compete for competition."I didn't expect that we actually found a fifth-order World of Warcraft cub and it was a cub that we sent to our house. Our luck is really good." The knife spoke excitedly."Oh, if you sell this fifth-order pup, you don't know how much you can sell." Amber was also full of excitement. He looked at the golden cub's cub's eyes, as if he were looking at a complete one. Shining golden hill.Kabides's face changed from the initial excitement and gradually changed a little serious, said: "No matter how much money can be sold, but there is one thing we can be sure that in the future we will not have to be in the danger to the Mountain of Warcraft. The place to kill World of Warcraft to make money, but now the only trouble is that where the parents of the fifth-order cubs are in case, if we meet their parents on the road, I am afraid we all can not live to leave, after all, a The fifth-order World of Warcraft is far from what we can fight against.” Kabides glanced at the week for a moment. He continued: “One more thing, that’s the most important thing. That’s what this cub is going to do. Ship it out.",