128th chapter jungle fightingImmediately there were two guards in the four escorts, carrying the sacred soldiers rushing toward the sword dust, and soon they joined the battle circle and attacked the sword dust with the middle-aged men who had the strength of the senior sage.The two guards who arrived afterwards were the only two junior teachers in the ranks. With the addition of two junior teachers, the pressure of Jian Chen suddenly increased a lot, but with his mysterious pace and A quick sword is still equal to the three sages. It does not fall in the slightest.The young man also seemed to feel a little scared in his heart. He quickly fled from the other two guards who had the high-level sage, and quickly lost his presence.As for the departure of that young man, although Jian Chen noticed it, he did not go hunting for it because the three guards who had the strength of the sages did not allow the sword dust to leave and hurt the young master of the Tianxiong family.Jian Chen and the security guards of the three Tianxiong family fought fiercely among the trees. Many of the weeds and trees around them were affected by the battles of several people. The venue was a mess, and there were several big trees that broke.Once again avoiding the giant sword cut from the side, the sword dust launched a ferocious attack on a middle-aged man with the strength of the junior sages. He was going to break it one by one.With the slightest sound of broken air, Jian Bing's light wind sword suddenly turned into a vague image, and at a very rapid rate, the number of stabbing middle-aged men with junior sages The sword forced the middle-aged man to frantically clutter up and overwhelmed him. Finally, he was finally forced to reveal a flaw. And to seize this flaw, the light wind sword in the hands of the sword suddenly stunned, and then turned into a silvery lightning, quickly piercing at a speed a few points faster than before, in this name has the strength of junior sages When the middle-aged man had not yet responded, the breeze sword penetrated deep into his throat, and the tip of the blood-stained sword broke through from the other side of the throat."Haier!"Seeing this middle-aged man wearing a sword hole through his throat, the other two were all face-changed and uttered a shout of grief.The action of the sword dust did not stop at a single moment. When the light wind sword just penetrated into the throat of the middle-aged man, she was immediately pulled out by her, taking advantage of the distraction of the two moments, and the body shook slightly. Already like a ghostly soundless, he came to another middle-aged man who had a junior sages. The light wind sword was again turned into a silvery lightning bolt.The middle-aged man's face changed greatly. He immediately lifted the sacred soldier and stopped in front of his throat. When he saw the light wind sword, he would stab it on the giant sword that was standing in front of him. Suddenly, the breeze sword that was rapidly thrusting was thrust. The entire sword suddenly sinks and sinks, just to avoid the middle-aged man's great sword in front of him, and then snaking from under the great sword.Such a change in the Breeze Sword made the middle-aged man simply have no chance to respond. Finally, in the incredible gaze of the middle-aged man, he pierced his throat deeply.At this moment, a sturdy wind rushed from behind the sword dust. I saw a three-inch wide-handed two-handed giant sword with a strong Holy power to cut through the sky and cut it toward sword dust. As soon as the wind pressure generated, the clothing on the back of the sword dust was tightly attached to the back.Feeling the sturdy wind coming from behind him, Jian Chen did not hesitate at all. He immediately pulled out a light wind sword and turned his sword in front of himself."Oh!"The two-handed giant sword hits the breeze sword with a powerful Holy Power, and a powerful force is uploaded from the Great Sword, forcing the sword dust to continue to recede.After striking back the sword dust, the middle-aged man gazed at the guard who had been impaled by the sword dust and saw the guard's throat. The bright red blood was flowing quickly like a fountain. Out of the way, and his pair of eyes that are gradually losing eyes, still has an incredible look, and then his entire body slowly fell down.The eyes suddenly became red, eyes looked like a bloodthirsty savage animal staring at the sword dust, and furiously said: "Today I will fight this life and kill you here, for my brother. Revenge.” A fall of voice, a powerful power of saints to count toward the hands of the middle-aged man's giant sword gathered, the middle-aged man holding high-handed sword, stepping at a heavy pace quickly rushed toward the sword dust.The sword dust looked at the middle-aged man with a little dignified gaze. The right hand holding the light wind sword could not help tightening. He had already seen that the middle-aged man had desperately planned himself and faced a senior who was not afraid of death. The samurai and the sword dust are also a little troublesome to cope with. After all, his strength is only in the mid-level saints, and there is still a long way to go from the gap between the senior sages.The breeze sword on the white jianmang that emits that layer is obviously richer a bit more than before, a sharp and full of sharp Jianqi lightly spread out from the light wind sword. As soon as the middle-aged man is about to rush to the front of the sword dust, Jian Chen's right arm suddenly starts to feel a shock. The light wind sword in his hand slams out, and sees a small silver-white sword from the tip of the sword. Shot at a speed that is difficult to discern at the naked eye, it shoots at a middle-aged man.In the face of such a small, needle-like sword, the middle-aged man dared not have the slightest effect, the speed of Jian Qi was extremely fast, and the dodging was too late. In desperation, the middle-aged man had to put his long-serving hands and giant swords together.狠 劈 劈 。.When the two-handed giant sword with the power of sacred power collided with the Jianqi shot from the sword dust, they did not encounter any slight obstacles. The great sword easily dispersed the sword and the invisible force. At this moment, Jian Chen suddenly moved, and saw him as if he was in a ghostly manner. In a blink of an eye, he crossed a distance of a few meters and came to the middle-aged man. The light wind sword turned into a sword shadow and attacked the middle-aged man. .The middle-aged man immediately withdrew the sword that had been cut, and resisted the attack of sword dust. Then, the two were fiercely fighting together.In the past life, JianDian had attained the ultimate goal of attaining the ultimate goal. At this moment, facing the strength of his middle-aged man, he displayed the essence of the swordsmanship. The fast sword is not only incredibly fast, but also What is more, he was superseded by his use. Although the middle-aged man was stronger than the sword dust in his strength, but he did not persist in the hands of the sword and dust, he was forced again only to resist.From the different positions, sword dust continuously attacked the middle-aged man's entire body and quickly attacked it. The slender light wind sword has been completely reduced to a vague residual image and it is impossible to see the sword itself. With the rapid attack speed of the sword dust, middle-aged men resisted, and it has become increasingly difficult.And every attack on the Breeze Sword was fatal, forcing middle-aged men to miss the opportunity to inflict sword dust at the cost of injury. Now, the middle-aged man is very regretful, but also hated the young master of the Tianxiong family, what would have happened on this road will not happen, but unfortunately I do not know the Tianxiong family young master, actually take the initiative to provoke This comet, innocently adding some troubles, did not say that the brothers who died as a result of more than ten years of friendship with him also died two, and even he himself was caught in danger. Today, I am afraid that even the chance to survive is Nothing.After a flash of lightning between the two men in the woods, the last middle-aged man finally resisted the time and was stabbed into the heart by a sword-dust like a serpent.