Chapter 118 Crazy EscapeThe sound of whistling just fell, the silence of the Warcraft Mountains suddenly became lively, and many of them were awakened in the wake of Warcraft, then a variety of beasts came from all directions, all the sounds of Warcraft, are full of fear , and has not been a Warcraft dare to provoke like this Tigers.After hearing the sound of the roar of tigers, Jian Chen’s face changed slightly and suddenly he became very serious. “Oh, this is the voice of the King Mao Tiger.” The tone of Jian Chen’s tone is full of unprecedented dignity. The King of Golden Tigers is the fifth-order World of Warcraft. Like World of Warcraft, World of Warcraft and Humanity have an insurmountable barrier between fourth-order and fifth-order, and it is a watershed for strength. Once you cross this path, you are quite equal to yourself. In a transformation, from then on, it entered a new world, the strength of the fifth-order Warcraft and the strength of the fourth-order World of Warcraft, is completely two worlds, and the strength of the sword dust now, even the fourth-order World of Warcraft can not deal with Not to mention the fifth-order Warcraft that has entered another world."Well, it's the voice of the King Mao Tiger. Come on, hurry up. Everyone hurries to leave here, or we all will die." The captain of the Zhou mercenary regimen, Kelos, exclaimed with a loud voice, his voice was filled with trembling. If the words are not finished yet, he will rush towards the outskirts of the forest with the fastest of the king's cubs. Later, all the members of the Zhou's Mercenary Corps, who were fighting with the Flame Corps of Mercenary Corps, also gave up their opponents and escaped to follow the Clos towards the outskirts of the forest.However, just in the moment when Clos, who was holding the fifth-order cubs, just walked a few steps, the shape of the sword dust appeared like a ghost-like appearance. The silver-white light wind sword had a vague shadow and it was lightning-like. His throat punctured. At this dangerous time, Jian Chen still did not intend to let him go.Clos's face changed slightly, his great sword immediately waved out, collided with the breeze sword coming out of the sword, and yelled at the mouth: "You madman, now the fifth-order World War II King of Warcraft is coming. You actually dared to stop me. If you don't run, you will be too late."The sword dust was indifferent, and the Buddha was just listening to what Cloth said. The light winds his sword into silvery light, and he continued to thrust toward Clos.Keluosi lifted the sword and resisted. After the two of them had played against each other for a few rounds, Clos was no longer able to dodge, and was swept by the sword dust through his left shoulder. At the same time, the left hand of Jian Chen was caught by the cubs held in Cloth's arms. .Keluosi resisted the pain from his left shoulder. He immediately retraced his body and shunned the palms of the cub's hand. At the same time, he shouted, "We all went up and stopped him. This cub was against us. The mercenary regiment is too important. It must not be lost."It was heard that the mercenaries of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps showed a hint of hesitation in the eyes of the mercenaries, but there were still several people who did not disobey Keluos’s order and immediately rushed out with five men and armed with sacred troops and launched fierce offensive against the sword dust. He dragged him. While Klose rushed to the outskirts of the forest with young animals, there were a dozen other mercenaries who were unwilling to stay and waited to die. They also fled to the forest behind Klos.Only the mercenary with the power of the Holy One will naturally not pose any threat to the sword dust. When the sword dust solves the five mercenaries, Clos has taken away the remaining dozen mercenary soldiers. Now.    "Roar!"The distant sound of the Tigers is getting closer and closer, and the fifth-order World of Warcraft Tigers is fast approaching in this direction. In the eyes of Jian Chen’s eyes, an anxious look appeared, and quickly came to the front of the head of the Kade several people, said: “The King of the Golden Retriever is quickly approaching here, or how long it will be able to reach where we are now, Ken Head of Germany, we don't have to stay here for a long time, so we have to leave quickly."Several other people, including Kender’s head and the Flames’ mercenary regiment, are now covered in blood. They are covered with countless wounds, both large and small, but it’s not long before the battle is over. Otherwise, the members of the mercenary mercenary team will inevitably Some losses have occurred."Everybody hurries to leave here."No time to deal with the body that is still bleeding in the injury, the people immediately escaped as fast as possible to run toward the periphery of the forest at full speed, but because everyone was injured because of the body, the speed is not fast.    "Roar!"Another angry Tigers came and heard the sound. This time, the sound was even closer. Faintly, everyone could hear the King of the Golden Retriever running fast in the jungle.哗哗哗 的 的 sound.The face of everyone in the Flame Corps mercenary group became pale. Kanda's head quickly ran and looked behind him. Immediately he untied his space belt and dipped it into the hands of Jian Chen. Jian Chen, your strength is the strongest one among us. Only you have the greatest hope of escaping. Now I'll give this space belt to you. You must bring it out successfully."Looking at the space belt with which Kanda’s head was forced into his own hands, the sword dust just had to be rejected. The head of Kend again said: “You don’t refuse this sword dust, if we cannot leave this forest alive at this time, Our family is going to take care of you. If we all die here, then their lives will be extremely hard. My dear mother, my wife, and one of my children will be their future. Whether you can live a good life, it depends on you." Kent's voice, actually with a bit of pleading.Eyes of the complex look of the head of Kade, Jian Chen nodded his face a heavy nod and reached out to take over the space belt handed over by the head of Kendres clutched tightly in his hand, comforted: "Uncle Kant, we If you can escape, the goal of the King Mao Tiger is not necessarily ours.""Ah, help!" Suddenly, a cry for help came from behind."Kabides, Kabides, he fell into the swamp, fast, Kabides, clutching my hand ..." The man who spoke was a knife, his voice full of anxiety.As soon as the news was heard, everyone stopped immediately. Jian Chen had a stunned body and came to the knife behind the team. He saw the whole knife being painfully kneeling on the ground. His right arm fully extended into a swamp around him. In the team, Kabides's figure has disappeared.Jian Chen’s face changed slightly and he immediately squatted on the ground. His right hand flashed into the swamp in the direction of the knife, but only caught the empty knife with the knife under the swamp."Kabides ....." The knife closed his eyes painfully, his voice full of sadness."Oh!" Jian Chen secretly sighed, then immediately put a knife on his shoulder, shouted low: "Go." Then, the first to go forward and run away.The rest of the Flames’ mercenary group sighed with a deep sigh. There was a gloomy look in the eyes. Then there was no hesitation. Afterwards, they fled toward the outskirts of the forest again. At this moment, every time they missed a minute, they escaped a little less. hope.Because of the night, the mountains of Warcraft were very dark and the visibility was very low. Even the road surface couldn't be seen. Along the way, everyone fell a lot, but once they fell to the ground, they immediately climbed up and run again. At the same time, they try to step on the roots to prevent them from falling into the swamp.The people did not run for a long time. Suddenly, they ran in front of the open sword dust and stopped."Dust powder, why listen to it, run quickly," said Kade, who was behind him, anxiously.Jian Chen did not speak, stretched his fingers to the front. Upon seeing this, the head of Kanda looked up and saw the darkness. It was confusing to see that more than a dozen figures were standing in front of them. Their stature was a bit embarrassing and one of them was still panting."It is a person of the Zhou Mercenary Corps." Jian Chen said.It was heard that in the eyes of the head of Kade, Lisa flashed an awkward silence and said: "It is them. They don't flee and they stand there.""Can't escape, the road ahead is blocked by a fourth-order Warcraft, how can there appear fourth-order Warcraft, go, come with me, we walk from the side." Saying, sword dust immediately drilled into the jungle next to Among them.    "Roar!"Another sound came from the back of the sound of a tiger howling. This time the sound was even closer. The loudness of the tiger’s howling sounded the ears of everyone in the mercenary mercenary group into a momentary blindness. A giant shadow shot from the rear at a rapid rate, heading towards the front of the Clan of Mercenaries.Afterwards, only one scream was heard and one short face came in. Several members of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment fell to the ground, and one person was actually held up in the mouth by this huge dark shadow. ."Well, Wang Jinhua's speed is too fast. He rushed so quickly. We'll leave now, or we won't have a chance." Looking at the dark shadow, Jian Chen suddenly guessed from the figure to the body of the shadow. Immediately exclaimed, afterwards, Jian Chen no longer hesitated and immediately got into the dense jungle next to him.In front of them, the dozen people of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps only supported the time when they had lost interest. They all died in the hands of the King Mao Tigers, leaving only the last of the Golden Retriever King Cubs to be lucky to live. come.Faced with the genuine fifth-order World of Warcraft Golden Tiger, these mercenaries with the power of the Holy One are naturally vulnerable.Clos was carrying the right hand of the King of the Golden Retriever with his left hand, and a giant sword in his right hand strung across the throat of the cub and stagnated with the King of the Golden Retriever.King Mao’s body is four meters long and one person tall. He can only see a dark shadow in the darkness and cannot see the whole picture."Oh!" the King of Golden Tigers whispered in a low voice. His eyes had turned red, and the fierce tigers were staring at Carlos, apparently taking care of the children in Carlos's hands, so that he dared not act rashly. It has already reached a certain amount of wisdom in entering the fifth-order Warcraft power."Retreat, back, and immediately recoil, or I'll slaughter it." Carlos stared at the King of the Golden Retriever in horror, and shivered slightly, slamming."Oh! Hey!" The cub of the Golden Tiger Tiger struggled in Carlos's hands. Obviously he felt a little scared. Even though it was a congenital fifth-order Warcraft, it was still young and it did not have a little ability. .See King Jin Maohu still do not move in grief, Clos a bite, the sword in front of his right hand in front of the neck suddenly pressed a few minutes, suddenly, a few repeated golden hair slowly falling down."Oh!" Wang Jinzhong hurriedly uttered a low buzz, and the huge body suddenly receded. However, the red light in its eyes was even more intense.On the side of Cross's body, there is a fourth-order World of Warcraft (Tiger), a tiger, staring at him.