Chapter 120 Discovering the King of TigersJian Chen did not touch the leader of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps. He swayed sideways to escape the giant sword cut by the leader. At the same time, the sword was once again transformed into a silvery light. Quickly stabbed at the leader of the Zhou Mercenary Corps.Although the fighting power of the sword dust is not weaker than any of the saints, it is only fighting power. He himself still has a gap between the strength of the Holy Power and the strong commander of the Holy Order. The leader of the Clan of Mercenaries of the senior sage strength is hard at work, and the sword dust must fall into the air, which is undoubtedly a very unwise choice.The biggest advantage of Jian Chen is that it is a quick sword, and the speed that makes it difficult for people who are in the same rank to be far beyond him, even if the strength is stronger than him, the strong one can only be vague. The quick sword that captured the sword shadow, and the mysterious and yet unpredictable pace, made the dust of the sword dust even stronger than him. two.The senior sages who face the power of the Holy Scriptures should not compare with themselves. Unless they are at the last resort moment, they will not touch their weaknesses and their strong points.Seeing that sword dust is extremely fast, the sword is snaking at an incredible speed toward his throat. The leader's face instantly becomes extremely dignified, and the powerful Holy Power immediately rushes out of his body and he rushes. His own person, but also took advantage of the power of the Holy Spirit covered with the peak state of the body, physique suddenly a rotation, moving to the side of the side, risk and danger escaped the sword dust this deadly sword.Although the sword dust speed is very fast, it is not enough to force the leader who has the strength of the senior sages to avoid the inevitable step. However, the armor on the shoulder of the leader remains. A sharp white sword mark was left by the sharp Jianmang.The Jianchen wrist turned and the light wind sword under his skilled control seemed to have become a flexible snake. The sharp blade cut the air and immediately swept away, chasing the leader and avoiding it. Don't let go.The leader’s eyes became dignified from what he had not seen. Although he could feel that the strength of the sword dust itself was not as good as he was, the speed of the sword’s speed was based on his current strength, and he was only doing his best. It can only be escaped, and this sword points to its own throat. If it is not careful, he will have the possibility of death at any time.Without hesitating, the leader immediately placed the Great Sword in front of his throat, and when he had just done a resisting move, the sharp blade of the breeze sword was tightly stuck on his great sword. Friction. Although the light wind sword did not stab in the leader's body, the sharp and strong Jian Qi on the breeze sword still let the leader feel horrified in his heart, secretly exclaimed in his heart: "Good sharp Jian Qi, this kid practice In the end what kind of exercises are used, is the use of combat skills." A thought of combat skills, this leader can not help but can not help but become hot up, the heart could not help but give birth to sword dust, to seize combat skills Thoughts and combat skills are invaluable in the Tianyuan Continent. Their preciousness is still far above the cultivation practice. Even if it is in the ranks of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps, which ranks among the best in WACKER, there is no one who has Combat techniques, including their leader who has the strength of the Great Teacher.However, when the leader was distracted, a strong sense of crisis came suddenly. He saw that a silvery light was constantly expanding in front of his eyes. The speed was even faster than the previous two. Two or three times faster, in a short time, the silvery light escaped the giant sword still standing in front of the leader and reached his throat. Through this small light, vaguely visible vagueness could be seen. The sharp sword tip is hidden in it.The leader was amazed and when he reflected, the tip of the sword, surrounded by a layer of Jianmang, was less than a foot away from his throat, facing it at such a close distance. Speed ​​is like a lightning quick sword, even if the leader has the strength of the senior sages, it is too late to escape.When the light wind sword was about to pierce the throat of the leader, suddenly another huge sword cut through the sky and cut it from the side with a piercing sound of broken air. Finally, with a "bang!" The cricket's cut on the breeze sword changed the trajectory of the breeze sword that had been thrust into the throat of the leader and slipped from the side of the leader's throat.This sudden shot was the second of the Zhou's mercenary regiments to have the power of the sages.After he had cut open the sword and pounded the leader’s breeze sword, the man’s movements did not stop at a single point. He again opened a fierce attack on Jian Chen and shouted to the leader at the same time: “Casa, at this time You are actually distracted. Are you bastard trying to die?"After listening to these words, the leader did not look angry at all and reached out and touched his neck. The face hidden in the helmet became pale after brushing. His forehead was also covered with a fine layer of fineness. The perspiration, because of the sensory response of his fingers, he could clearly feel that the layer of defense that had a good defensive power at his neck had already opened up a hole. If it wasn't for timely help, he must have a neck now. It's not just a simple opening on the leather armor.At this time, Jian Chen had already played several rounds with the second person who had the strength of the sages, and this man's strength was only a mid-level samurai, and the strength was weaker than the leader of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment. In this short and several rounds, he was defeated by the lightning-fast assault of the sword dust."Casa, what are you doing stupidly there? Not ready to help. The kid's sword is too fast. I can't stand it anymore. Damn, how is his speed so perverted." The leader who had not yet started working, the tone of the mercenary fighting with Jian Chen was a little eagerly angry, apparently facing the sword dust like a storm, and he also attacked the deadly attack. He resisted it has been very difficult, and The armor that covers his entire body has already appeared a shallow white mark in many places. If this armor is not very strong in defense, I am afraid that there are already many injuries in his body. It is impossible. Also maintain a perfect body.After listening to this, the leader took a peek and the Great Sword held in his right hand suddenly burst out with a strong sway of the Holy Power, then he lifted the Great Sword and cut it toward the sword dust.As the great sword fell, a Jian Qi out of the sword, shot at a very fast speed toward the sword dust.As soon as the sword dangled his eyes, he swayed slightly and easily escaped the sturdiness of the shot. Jian-Yi shot a loud bang on the back of a large tree. He saw the trunk of a large tree that was thick and small. A transparent hole of one diameter and one size was shot.At this moment, two piercing voices came and I saw that the two mercenary members of the Zhou’s mercenary group had already killed at the same time. The Great Sword fluctuate with a strong Holy Power. .The fierce light in the eyes of Jian Chen flickered away, facing the two giant swords that did not flicker, and then the light wind sword on the layer of Jian Mang looked even more dense, and then draw For the sky-shaking swords, they collided with two huge swords cut in mid-air."叮叮叮...."The sympathetic sounds of the steel collisions came in. The sounds almost formed a straight line. In a flash, the sword dust shot the eighteen swords at an extremely fast pace. Each sword was accurately hit and severed. sword.Eighteen swords pierced, and they abruptly blocked the offensive of the two giant swords. Moreover, when each sword was stabbed on the Great Sword, the powerful force transmitted from the breeze sword shook the arms of the two men. Tremulously, when the power contained in the Eighteen Swords was brought together, a powerful force that could not be ignored was formed. The strong anti-shock force had already caused the entire right arm of the two people to be completely numb. When they got up and grasped the right hand of the Great Sword, the tiger's mouth had already broken.Feeling almost completely numb right arm, the two eyes stared at each other staring blankly, this moment, they also gave birth to a withdrawal in mind, after this fight, the two hearts are very clear, although the strength of sword dust Not as good as they, but the powerful and terrifying fighting power that they have exerted, even if the two of them add up, are hard to resist. Especially if the sword is lightning fast, they have to put up with 120,000 points of defense to prevent them. If you don’t pay attention, you’ll have to die. If you continue this way, I’m afraid both of them will die here today."Captain Captain, the cub has arrived."Hearing that, those two people who had the power of the sages looked back and saw that the cub was being held in the hands of a mercenary who was all wrapped in a coat of armor. The cubs were constantly struggling in his hands. At the same time, the four claws fluttered wildly in the air. A young roar was heard in the mouth, and at the same time they were lovely, with some permission and pity.Seeing this, there was a hint of joy in both eyes. However, at this moment, a silver-white long sword pierced at the speed of the leader’s throat. This time, it was too late for the leader to notice. Any preventive measures were taken, and another mercenary with the strength of a mid-level sages did not have time to rescue. The sharp, sharp sword tip broke through a layer of wallet protection at the leader's throat and penetrated deep into his throat."Casa!" Another mercenary also returned to God, but when he saw the leader who had been penetrated by his sword, he suddenly became fizzled, and then he uttered an angry, powerful sacred message. Force gathered on the Great Sword, waving the Great Sword and cutting it toward the sword dust.Jian Chen did not look at him, and his feet fell on the ground. His body was like a cannonball. He quickly shot at the mercenary who held the cub in his hand.Seeing that the person who had killed the captain of Casa of the High Holy Power rushed to himself, the mercenary face changed greatly. He didn't think that he could block the strong man who could even kill the senior sages. The master, but this mercenary is obviously not stupid, immediately throw out the cubs in the hand, and throw it in the direction of the two remaining members of the two sages who fought against sword dust."Captain Clos, then!"The cubs were thrown high, crossed a perfect arc in the air, and accurately fell into the arms of the mercenary who had the strength of the sages.Looking at the fifth-order cub that was just a foot long in the arms, the mercenary's mercenary captain, known as Captain Clos, quickly calmed down, and without hesitation he immediately shouted, "Everyone evacuates immediately. ."    "Roar!"When Ke Loos’s voice just fell, a sudden sound of a tiger whistled in the depths of the forest. His voice was very loud and echoed in the dark sky. Even if it was twenty or thirty miles away, I’m afraid I can clearly hear it. .