Chapter One-hundred-fourth chapterThe dustpan body still leapt in mid-air and there was nowhere to go, and the speed of the Golden Tiger King was very fast, making him simply not able to escape.In desperation, the sword dust suddenly turned around, his hands were punched, and he hit the head of the Golden Retriever King. With the help of the anti-chatter force, the body that had originally leap forward suddenly accelerated, and finally escaped the king of the Golden King. Bloody giant mouth.The footsteps were awkwardly falling on the ground. When the sword dust hadn't stabilized, there was a great deal of force coming from the chest. It was not clear what was going on. His body was like a cannonball. Far away, he flew out and the clothes on his chest had been completely crushed. The entire chest had collapsed into it. It was almost close to the back of the chest, and there was even a strong force that had passed into his body. Smash the internal organs of his body.The sword dust flew a full distance of 30 meters, and eventually fell into a big tree and fell down. His head was in direct contact with the hard tree trunk. The sword dust became unconscious and fell to the ground.The King of the Golden Tigers did not intend to let the sword dust, and leapt to the front of Jian Chen. He opened up like a bloody mouth and stalked towards Jian Chen.As soon as the giant mouth of the Golden Retriever King was about to bite into the body of Jian Chen, suddenly, a faint purple and blue light shot from the dust of the sword dust, and the light flashed away. It came quickly and went fast, despite the purple The two-color light is very weak, but in this dark night, it is still so eye-catching, when the purple and blue light appear, the entire surrounding woods are covered by a sudden strong sword. However, this sudden and absolutely strong sword is also fleeting."Oh!"At the same time, a scream of despondency was issued from the mouth of the King of the Golden Retriever. The sound was extremely rare with a hint of panic. Then the giant body of the King Mao Hu was like a shocking electric shock, faster than before. Retreat to more than ten meters away, a pair of staring tigers staring at the unconscious corpse lying on the ground, the original red tiger eyes, also awake in an instant, eyes, with a thick The color of fear, the whole body is trembling slightly.Immediately afterwards, the bright red blood flowed out from the turbulent flow of the King of the Golden Tigers, and in the blink of an eye, it dyed its whole body. At this moment, the golden hair of the Golden Retriever King had completely turned into a red blood. In his body, it was densely covered with countless scars and small scars. However, the bones could be seen in depth. Together, one by one, one by one, countless numbers were counted, and even the tiger's head was no exception. It looks miserable.The current King Tiger Tigers, where there is still the prestige of the past, but it is more like it has experienced a terrible war, has been deeply hit by the way, extremely embarrassed.King Mao’s large body trembled slightly, staring at the already unconscious sword dust lying on the ground. At this moment, suddenly, with the sword dust as the center, within a radius of a hundred meters, all the weeds and trees have turned into powders and drifted down from the sky. The sky-filling plant powder covered the sky and was covered by a radius of one hundred meters. The entire space, the intensity, even if the line of sight has been seriously hindered.The king of the Golden Tigers trembled even more fiercely. A pair of tigers looked at everything around them with impossibility. Their looks were sluggish. The fifth-order World of Warcraft has already had initial wisdom. Although it cannot communicate with people, it can think of problems. Its wisdom is comparable to humans. This scene in front of them has deeply shocked the King of the Golden Retriever.Although it is easy to destroy the trees in a radius of a hundred meters with its fifth-order Warcraft power, if it is to silently turn all the plants within a hundred meters into powder in a flash, this is probably even the sixth-order Warcraft. All of them could not be done. In particular, the sudden emergence of a strong and unyielding sturdiness in the past made it even more frightening for Jin Maohu Wang. In a flash, its entire body was cut by this invisible sword. Out of countless wounds, it made it deeply fearful.A moment later, when the sky-dripping plant powder fell on the ground, a thick layer of powder had accumulated on the ground. Within a hundred meters radius, there was no trace of any plant. In addition to the powder that remained on the ground, there was no other. Things, even the big tree next to the sword dust, with two feet together, disappeared without a trace.The king of Jin Maohu's eyes blinked and turned around, and then made a terrified cry. With his tail flying away from here, his speed was faster, and he was probably even better than when he pursued the sword dust.When the Golden Retriever King left, in this empty area, it instantly became silent, leaving only the sword dust alone lying unconscious, and his body was covered with thick A layer of plant powder.The time is slowly flowing. As the night sky gradually recedes, a red sun slowly rises from the east. It emits light and warmth to the earth. In the Wolves forest, there is no plant shelter. The zone is dyed with a golden carpet of golden sunlight.This night, perhaps because there was once a trace of a fifth-order World of Warcraft, there wasn't any World of Warcraft around it. Even the common beasts and some small animals didn't show up. They didn't know that they didn't even exist. When I came to this place, I still did not dare to approach this area.Suddenly, in the middle of this open area, a slightly raised powder pile vibrated slightly. With this tremor, the entire powder pile began to shake violently, and the plant powder on top fell off. Gradually exposed a human body.It is the sword dust that is buried by the powder of plants at night.Unleashing these inexplicable dusts on the body, the sword dust slowly opened his eyes and the blue sky in the sky came into view. When the sword dust wanted to lift his head, his brain was a little hard, and he immediately involved. To the injury in the body, when the next severe pain came, let the sword dust can not help but groan.Lying on the ground with no power, the sword dust drew a long breath and did not need to enter the inner vision state. The sword dust, with his powerful god, had already clearly perceive the injury in his body. The internal organs of his body had already become clear. It was traumatized by a very serious wound. Although the injury was slightly lighter outside WACKER, it was very fatal for the rest of us.And on his chest, he was already bloody, and even the bones were completely shattered by the tail of the King Mao Tiger.At this time, the sword dust suddenly remembered that he was being attacked by the fifth-order World War II King Tigers before he fell into a coma. Immediately, an energetic mind in the dust of the sword dust immediately began to look around, but it was an empty zone with a radius of 100 meters. No plants were found inside. Only the ground was covered with a thick layer of powder and no trace of the Golden Retriever was found.