Chapter 123 The Destruction of the Flames' Mercenary Corps"Dust, you fled, I stopped him." Suddenly, the knife yelled, and took his short knife to the side of the King of the Golden Retriever, lifting his knife and slashing against the King of the Golden Retriever. .However, the body of the fifth-order World of Warcraft Golden Tiger Tiger, but also is only the strength of the Holy Knife can hurt, when the Knife short knife to see the body of the Golden Retriever King, actually even the slightest trace did not stay in the above.Once again, the tail of the Golden Tiger Tiger turned into a phantom, drawing toward the knife with a naked eye.    "Snapped!"With a loud sound, the tail of the Golden Retriever King was firmly drawn on the knife's chest. The clothes on his chest were instantly broken, and the entire chest fell deeply into it. The tiger's tail was incredibly powerful. The force directly shook the bones of the knife's chest into smash, and Yu Jin entered his body and shook the internal organs of his body into shatters.A blood mixed with viscera powder spurted from the blade, and the body of the knife suddenly flew backwards. It flew over a distance of more than ten meters before it hit a tree and fell down.“Knife!” Looking at the miserable appearance of the knife, Jian Chen’s face suddenly changed dramatically and he could not help but screamed. However, just when he just wanted to see the knife’s injury in the past, the King Maohu was lightning-fast. Before he came to him, a bloody mouth slammed into the head of sword dust, mercilessly, and the bloody odor escaping from his mouth made the dust of the sword dust very difficult.Between the electric light and the Flint, the head of the sword dust rushed to the side, escaping from the past, taking care of the severe pain from the chest, rolling away from the king, and facing the fifth order. King of Warcraft's Golden Tiger Tiger, Jian Chen almost no fight back, he is proud of the law of God's sword, can not pose a threat to the King Mao Hu, after all, the strength difference between the two is really too big.“You're going to leave, I'll come and hold on to the King Mao Hu.” After the escape, Jian Chen immediately shouted to the flames of the Mercenary Corps.After listening to the words of Jian Chen, all the faces of the mercenary mercenary group were glimpsed, but none of them acted. There is still some distance away from the outskirts of the Mountain of Warcraft. With their speed, how can one escape the five? Order of Warcraft to kill."No, Jian Chen, I am afraid that you alone have the hope of escape. I came to drag the King Mao Tiger. You fled and remembered to take revenge for us." Amber suddenly yelled, holding the sacred soldier fearlessly. The dead thought of the Golden Retriever Wang rushing and yelled at the same time: "We simply can not get rid of the fifth-order World of Warcraft's killing, escape is no hope today, we all together, dragging the King of the Golden Retriever Tiger, cover the dust away."Looking at the amber that rushed toward the king of the Golden Retriever, the flames of mercenary soldiers were all desperate."Yeah said yes, today is a death anyway. If that is the case, then we are not as good as the spectacular point of sacrifice. We will cover the sword dust and run away. Everyone joins us and drags on the King Mao Hu." Chang Ning Feng also shouted in amber. , to put it, carrying its great sword followed amber rushed to the king of the tiger.“The sword dust, I remember to take revenge for us.” The rest of the flame mercenary group seemed to have been infected by the words of Amber and Chang Ningfeng and the actions they had taken. They were all holding their mortal attitude. The sacred soldier rushed toward the king of the Golden Retriever.Looking at the members of the Flames Mercenaries Corps, they thought that the Golden Retriever Wang rushed to death, and the sword dust stayed for a moment. Then suddenly he shouted, "No, you're going, I can temporarily drag King Jin Maohu lived in. "Speaking of sword dust, the moment, and the light wind sword that fell to the ground at a distance, got in touch, I saw the light wind sword once again exudes a sharp sword air slowly risen. Go, but compared with before, at a glance you can see that the sword air that appeared on the light wind sword is weaker.Although the flames of the mercenary group of people have seen the surprise of the breeze sword, but at this moment, no one has to pay attention to this issue."The sword dust, brisk walking, don't let our sacrifice in vain." See Jian Chen once again have hands-on plans, Chang Ningfeng shouted again.The golden tiger tiger's crimson tiger's head is extremely human and disdainfully watching the flames of mercenary troops rushing toward himself. At this time, it actually did not take the lead.Amber first rushed to the front of the Golden Retriever King. With the sound of an explosion, the power of the Holy Spirit in the body poured into the wide axe in his hand, and then he squatted on the King of the Golden Retriever.However, when Amber, who looked like a very powerful attack, was cut into the King of the Golden Retriever, only a few of his hairs were cut off by the Golden Retriever. With the power of his Holy One, he was unable to reach the fifth level with a full blow. World of Warcraft causes damage.Afterwards, the attacks of the mercenary mercenary group all fell on the huge body of the Golden Retriever King, but without exception, in addition to cutting off the hairs of several Golden Retriever Kings, there was no harm to the King Maohu at all. Its huge body did not even move.The flames of the mercenary regiment were all dead, although they already knew in the heart that the fifth-order Warcraft was very powerful, but it was only at this moment that they deeply felt the level at which this mighty power was severe. The King of the Golden Tigers has not had much advantage in defense. Rao is so, and everyone in the mercenary mercenary group has no alternative but to take it."Oh!" The King of the Golden Tiger issued a deep roar. Immediately afterwards, the fore-wedges waved, and the weakest Yu Xuan was directly caught by the grasp and his heart was immediately cracked. At the same time, the tail of the Golden Tiger Tiger has also turned into a phantom, which he drew from Zhou Dakai.    "Snapped!"With a loud sound, Zhou Dakai's entire body was flung away by the tiger's tail. The bones of his breasts had been completely shattered and the powerful force instantly shattered the internal organs of his body."Brother!" Zhou Xiaokai issued a cry of grief, and then stared at the King of the Golden Retriever with angry stare. He grunted and raised his hands and thought about the Golden Retriever. However, Zhou Xiaokai’s attack on the Golden Retriever came It is undoubtedly painful, itching, and it cannot be injured at all.For all the mercenary mercenary regiments, the Golden Retriever King only uses the most common catchers to bite the two attacks. However, it is not a team that the Flame Corps can withstand. In a short time, three people were golden tigers. The king's strike was fatal. Now, there are still five people still struggling to support it."Dust dust, you are going to go. Don't let our sacrifice be wasted." Watching the sword dust that still hasn't left, Changning wind screamed."Dust dust, you still stand there doing, hurry to leave, remember that after the strength of the revenge for us, kill this king of the tiger Mao Jin, remove its magic nuclei." Amber also shouted loudly, however, When he finished talking, the king of the Golden Retriever's bloody mouth bit into Amber's upper body, and then he bit it hard. Suddenly Amber's burly body became two cuts, and the upper body was directly swallowed by the King Mao Wang. .Looking at Amber's death, the sword dust shuddered with a trembling look and a grief look in his eyes. Then his eyes glanced over the remaining members of the Flames Mercenary Corps. The last bite of his teeth controlled the light wind sword flying back to his hands. Then it immediately disappeared into the jungle.He also knew in his mind that in front of this kind of outcome, he could not change anything even if he stayed. The final result was also a dead end. After all, he was faced with a fifth-order Warcraft that was extremely powerful.However, the members of the Flame Corps of Mercenary Corps used their lives to drag on the King of the Golden Retriever and fought for time for him to escape. This brought a very big impact to the spirit of Jian Chen.After entering the jungle, Jian Chen forced himself not to listen to the screams coming from behind him, to look for directions, and to run away from the fastest he could now reach. There are many weeds in the jungle. Everywhere we can see half the heights, and even a high weed. The sword dust endures the severe pain from the chest. The trees on both sides of the jungle are on the side and take advantage of it. Fly away, not only is it fast, but it also avoids swamps that can be encountered anywhere on the ground.    "Roar!"Just when the sword dust had just fled to the outside for less than ten breaths, suddenly, a whistling sound came from behind, listening to the sound, thinking of him close at a very fast pace.Jian Chen’s face suddenly changed, and he knew that the King of the Golden Retriever had already solved the flames of the Mercenary Corps and was continuing to pursue his position.The king of the Golden Retriever was very fast. When he had just turned this idea in his head, he could already faintly hear the weeds from the wild wind that the King of the Golden Tigers had run behind.The heart of Jian Chen suddenly became heavy. In the face of the powerful fifth-order World of Warcraft, he now has no way but to flee, and now, even before the speed of the horror of King Mao Hu, he will escape. Did not have this ability, after all, speed has always been the expertise of Tiger World of Warcraft, not to mention the face of this is still a fifth-order Tiger World of Warcraft.The power of the Holy Spirit in the body is fully operational, and the speed of the sword dust leap has once again increased by three points. Now, he has gone all out to display his ultimate speed that can be displayed at the moment, and at the same time, in the mind of sword dust. It is also quickly thinking about countermeasures, but after thinking about it for a long time, there is still no good way.Unless he meets a human strong person who has at least the power of the Holy Master, or meets a World of Warcraft with King Mao Huwang, he can stop the King Mao Tiger. Otherwise, he will not have any possibility of escape to the King of the Golden Retriever. The speed will soon catch him.However, in this peripheral area close to the Warcraft Mountains met a human powerhouse with the power of the Holy Master or a powerful World War hostile to the King of the Golden Retriever, the opportunity is very embarrassing, almost impossible to happen.    "Roar!"The roar of the King Mao Tiger once again came from behind. This time, Jian Chen could already see the huge body of the King Mao Hu, which was only 20 meters away from him.Jian Chen’s face suddenly became ugly. It was dead and not terrible. He who had already died once did not fear death. He only had this most worried person in this world and he was unwilling to do so anyway. Die.At this time, the king behind the Golden Retriever suddenly leaps into a black afterburner toward the sword dust.