Chapter Twelve Brothers Long Yang Hu ()Sitting on the back of the flying World of Warcraft, despite flying at a high altitude of a few kilometers above the ground, the sword dust is still not changing. The flying speed of World of Warcraft is very fast, and the roaring wind in the sky has formed an endless stream of roar in Jian Chen ears.Looking at the plain face of Jian Chen, Chang Bo, who was sitting on the side, couldn't help but slightly nodded and his eyes showed a hint of appreciation. When most children took a flying World of Warcraft for the first time, they were scared and pale and trembling in the air that was several thousand meters long. Even some people were scared out of the urine. Few could do it like swords. Dust is so plain.In Chang Bo’s brain, he couldn't help but think of Chang Yanghu, the young master of Changyang who sent him to the Kargath Academy a few years ago. When he sat on a flying World of Warcraft, Changyang Hu was scared and he couldn’t move and shivered. The tightly hovering on the back of the flying World of Warcraft, hands tightly grasp the feathers."The four young masters are extraordinary, that is, they do not know how much achievement they can achieve in the future." Chang Bo thought in silence.Jian Chen looked at the seat under the seat of Warcraft, and asked: "Chang Bo, this is what Warcraft, ah, the speed of flight is really fast."“That is natural!” Chang Bo’s voice revealed a prideful look. “The four young masters, you can't underestimate this head of Warcraft. This is the name of the World of Warcraft called Flying Eagle, but it is the fourth-order World of Warcraft. Its strength is equal to ours. The great sage was flying very fast. Although it was just fourth-order, if it was to fly in the air, even the Holy Master could not take it in the slightest way.”"That eagle must be very expensive." Jian Chen asked.Chang Bo nodded his head and said, "That is natural. The price of flying Warcraft is definitely astronomical. This is not only because it is difficult to capture, but the most important thing is to tame. Although flying Warcraft is the fastest means of transportation, it flies in flight. World of Warcraft is also the most dangerous. In case the World of Warcraft is out of control and falls from a height of several thousand meters, even if you have the strength of the Holy Master, it will be very difficult to survive. Even if you don't die, you will fall seriously, so even if it is One and two orders of flying World of Warcraft, the price is also astronomical, and most of Warcraft mind has a violent internal factors, but also refused to give up, so to domesticating a flying World of Warcraft is also very difficult."Jian Chen nodded slightly and gradually became silent.Chang Bo looked at the silent sword dust and said: “Four Masters, your brother Chang Yang Hu is also studying at Kargath Academy. After years of cultivation, I’m sure that the Holy One is not far away. If you are in trouble in the college, you may wish to find your eldest brother to help you solve it.""Ah, I know." Jian Chen returned softly to the road. The heart is a little complicated. For his mysterious brother, Jian Chen has never seen it before, but for the character of his brother Chang Yang Hu, the sword dust is not clear. In his heart, he is really worried about the cultivation talents he shows. Big Brother Chang Yang Hu kept in mind, so like the Third Brother Chang Yang Ke, trying every means to make things difficult for themselves, after all, living in a big family, this kind of thing is common, in previous life walking the rivers and lakes, the sword dust met a lot because of the fight for family power And what makes brothers kill each other.In the heart of Jian Chen, he really didn't want such a thing to happen to him. In the past life, he was an orphan and he had never felt any kind of affection. Now that God has given him a family, it is also very Cherish this home.The flying eagle was very fast. After half a day's flight, it finally reached the Kargas College. At this time, the flying eagle beast was reduced to a height of 100 meters under the control of Chang Bo.The College of Calgas was built on a plain, surrounded by a majestic wall of ten meters high. The college is very large and covers an extremely wide area. Even in a hundred meters high, sword dust can not be seen in the whole picture of the college. .Kargath Academy is the most famous college of the Gerson Empire. Today it is the college's once-in-a-year opening ceremony. Therefore, the school entrance is very lively and the number is very large. Not far away is a lot of luxurious decoration. The carriages, but the horses were completely replaced by Warcraft, which had no name but couldn't be named. Nearly every carriage was surrounded by several guards.In the sky, from time to time, there is only one flying Warcraft flies across the walls of the College and flies straight toward the college. In World of Warcraft, there is no exception for an older child.Chang Bo controlled the flight of Warcraft directly into the college, and finally stopped at the center of the college, a tall tower with a diameter of 100 meters, and then entered the tower directly with sword dust. And outside the tower, there are many flying Warcraft stays there.Then, Jian Chen followed Chang Bo directly to the top of the tower. He met the headmaster of the College of Kargas, and the principal of the College of Kargas was an old man who was about the same age as Chang Bo. What surprised the sword dust, The principals and Chang Bo of the College of Kargas still actually forgot their years.Because of this relationship between Chang Bo, the problem of sword dust entering the school was easily solved. Then, under the command of the headmaster of the College of Kargas, the brother of Chang Chen, the brother of Jian Chen, was also called into the tower to let Jian Chen finally see it. I arrived at this mystery brother whom I had never seen before.Changyang Tiger is already 18 years old this year. It is at the same age as Changyang Mingyue, the second sister of Jian Chen, but it is three months longer than Changyang Moon.Changyang Tiger is a very strong boy, taller than the sword dust, wearing a uniform in the college uniform, he has entered the college for more than two years, the body of the Holy Spirit has reached the tenth peak However, it has not yet condensed the sacred soldiers.Although the Holy Spirit’s ten-story peak is only one step away from the Holy One, it is a huge hurdle in the middle. It is very difficult to condense the sacred soldier. On the Tianyuan Continent, some people cannot condense themselves into sacred soldiers during their entire lives. Without good qualifications and extraordinary talents, it will be very difficult to successfully condense the sectarians. According to the principal, the Changyang Tiger had reached the peak of the Holy Spirit ten years ago, and it was tried three times. Consolidation of sacred soldiers, but ultimately ended in failure.However, on the Tianyuan mainland, people who have successfully condensed into sacred soldiers at the age of 18 are rare. They usually condense into sacred soldiers in their twenties or so. Of course, there are also some people with poor qualifications. It is in his twenties that he can successfully condense sacred soldiers. However, such people usually do not go far on martial arts.Because of the aura of Tianyuan, the people's life span is usually about two hundred years old. It is also considered that people who successfully condense sacred soldiers at the age of twenty are considered to be good.Chang Bo pointed at the long Yang Hu and said to Jian Chen: “Four Masters, this is your big brother Chang Yang Hu.” Then Chang Boguang looks at the Chang Yang Tiger and says: “Young Master, this is your younger brother Chang Yang. Xiang Tian."“Big Brother!” Jian Chen looked to the Changyang Tiger with a faint smile. He whispered softly and could be considered a greeting. However, in his eyes, he also found that Changyang Tiger’s feeling was a bit of a slapstick, and he felt it in his mind. Do not want to completely.Listening to this cries of sword dust, Changyang Hu scratched his head and smiled and said: "Four younger brothers, I can't let you cry out of this big brother. Afterwards, someone in the college is bullying you. You come directly to Big Brother. Big brother helps you pick him up."After listening to this, Jian Chen’s face showed a slight smile and said: “Trouble her brother after that.” For the first time, Jian Chen had a good impression of his eldest brother, Chang Yang Hu. Now, it remains in the hearts of the sword. The slightest worry also followed the words of the Changyang Tiger, completely disappearing.Changyang Tiger put a head and smiled and said: "No trouble, no trouble, no matter how you say I am also your big brother, protect four brothers should be." Said here, Changyang tiger tone paused, eyes glance around Then, with a look of doubt in his eyes, he asked Chang Boy: "Chang Bo, Sister and Three Brothers."“The Young Master, Miss Er and the Young Master have not yet reached the school entrance standards, so this time only the four young masters come alone.” Chang Bo said quietly."Oh!" Heard a word of disappointment in the eye of Changyang Tiger, murmured: "They have not yet reached the school entrance standards. It is also too stupid, or four brothers are terrible, and it will reach the power of the Holy Spirit so quickly." Layers are more powerful than my big brother.”“You young master, you go with your fourth master. You will have to take good care of your four younger brothers in the future. I still have something to talk to the principal.” Chang Bo said with an open mouth.Changyang Hulu nodded his head, patting his chest to ensure that: "Chang Bo, do not worry, I will not let the four brothers bullied by others in the college."Afterwards, after Jian Di received a school card, he left with his brother Chang Yanghu.After walking out of the tower, Jian Chen looked at the school card in his hands. Apart from the student's certificate, this school card also had the address of the dormitory.Although Jian Chen was unfamiliar with the terrain in Kargath Academy, due to the fact that Big Brother Chang Yanghu led the way, he quickly arrived at the hostel's address recorded on the school board.The dormitories in the college are all constructed from a very firm stone. They are divided into two areas. One is a place where some civilian students have a rest. The other area is a student with some family background behind them such as sword dust. In the region, the environment is much better than the rest of the civilian population.Since Kargas is the most famous college in the kingdom of Gerson, it naturally has a unique aspect. The rules of the Kargath Academy are very strict. The minimum standard for admission is to have eight layers of Holy Power before the age of eighteen. You have reached the entire standard. Then you have the opportunity to enter the Kargas College for further studies. If you do not meet the requirements, even if you are a noble family with a strong background, you cannot enter the Karjas Academy.Since the admission fee for the College of Kargas is very low, most civilians can accept it. For those who meet the admission requirements and have a particularly impoverished family, Kargas College will also be exempt from all his tuition fees, so in Kargas Among the trainees, civilian students account for a large proportion, but the civilian students who can come here are all talented in cultivation.In Carcass College, there is also an iron rule that noble disciples are not free to bully poor students. Otherwise, no matter how big your family background is, you will be severely punished. In severe cases, you may even be dismissed from college. Although this would offend some big families, the background of the Kargath Academy is that of King Gerson, and the headmaster is also one of the six strongest players in the Gerson kingdom. Therefore, this rule stipulates those big families in the Gerson Do not dare to say anything.The dormitory of Jian Chen is a small house about ten square meters. The furnishings in the room are very simple. There is no other thing besides a bed and a chair. Nevertheless, the whole room is The cleanliness that has been cut is almost spotless."Four younger brothers, this is your room, remember places, oh, but do not go wrong." Changyang tiger said with a smile.Jian Chen nodded slightly. After dropping some of the clothes he had to take with him, he was taken to the campus by his older brother, Chang Yang Hu. The reason was that he was familiar with some of the environment here.Next, for an entire afternoon, Jian Chen was dragged by the Changyang Tigers to stroll around the campus.At this time, Changyang Tiger suddenly said: "Four younger brothers, tomorrow is the school's annual freshman contest, reward is very rich, the first new Wang but there is a third-order magic nucleus as a reward, and the second The name has a second-order magic nucleus as a reward, and the third is a first-order magic nucleus reward. You must work hard and strive for the first place.”