Chapter 129 Trouble at homeLooking at the sluggish look of a small sword with only two fingers wide that has pierced his heart, the middle-aged man can't believe it. With the strength of his own senior sage, he will actually die at a weaker strength than himself. Many, only young people who do not have the power of the senior sage are in their hands, and this young man looks only twenty years old.I think that I have practiced myself for 50 years before I have the strength of today, but I can't beat a youth who is only 20 years old. Finally, it is because of the fetters of the Tianxiong family that they not only harm themselves. The power of the Holy Spirit, who had practiced for fifty years, was destroyed, and even his life was buried in the wilderness. In his mind, a middle-aged man felt a tragedy. With the continuous flow of vitality in his body, the middle-aged man took a pair of sly eyes, and gradually became dim, and finally turned into a hollow, the burly body slowly down.Jian Chen slowly recovered the light wind sword. The blood stains on the breeze sword flowed like life. They gathered toward the tip of the sword and finally turned into a drop of bright red blood, descending down the tip of the sword. Invaded the ground because of the fighting of several people, has become a pot of moist soil.Jian Chen slowly breathed a few breaths, killing two junior sages and a senior samurai, also caused a considerable consumption of sword dust, in the face of three strengths far stronger than their opponents, sword dust He has gone all out. If not after this period of cultivation, his strength has improved a lot on the basis of the middle-level saints. I am afraid that if he wants to kill the three sages, it will take longer. time.However, after the killing of the three men, the sadness in the mind of the sword dust, which was caused by the loss of the head of Kanda and others, was unexpectedly diluted.Dust eyes looked plainly on the bodies of the three men. Finally, the eyes fell on the space belt between the three waists, slightly hesitated, and then he walked slowly forward, taking the space belt of the three waists one by one. Go down and check the items inside.Because they spent more than one hundred times more magic nucleus than others in their cultivation, now the sword dust is in urgent need of a large number of magic nucleus, but with the high price of magic nucleus, sword dust is obviously not so much money to acquire, so He wants to get the magic nucleus, which is obtained only by hunting World of Warcraft and making some dead money, and this kind of thing that closes people who have already died is very common on Tianyuan mainland. After all, those battles that occurred on the mainland In the middle, there is probably a 30 percent chance that more may be caused by coveting something on the other side.Solve the space belt of the next three people. Jian Chen looked at the items inside. Although these three people have the strength of the sages, they are obviously not very rich. In addition to some daily necessities and wild utensils, the space belt is almost nothing. Finally, in the three space belts, the sword dust only found out the sum of less than ten amethyst coins and fifteen second-order magic nucleus and five third-order magic nucleus.That few magic nuggets, Jian Chen did not hesitate, he immediately took his own space belt, and then looked at the total of less than ten amethyst coins on the ground, looked at the eyes, slightly hesitated, and finally still together Although there is not much money in the income of the space belt, it is not a small fortune for the ordinary people. It is a pity to throw it here and waste it.After collecting the good things, Jian Chen directly left the space belts of the three men aside, and did not deal with their bodies, leaving them straight away.After returning to WACKER, it was already approaching the evening. The sword dust ate some things at random in a restaurant and immediately asked for a room and returned to the room to rest.Due to the fact that the sword dust is only a very common room, the room is very simple to set up, a wooden table, a few stools and a bed, in addition, there is nothing else, despite this, but it was cleaned The cleanliness and unspotted description is not an exaggeration.At night, a bright round moon hung high in the night sky, exudes bright silver moonlight, rendered the dark sky with a faint silver, and even the scattered thin clouds in the sky are clearly visible. .Jian Chen moved the chair to the window and sat down like this. He looked up at the round moon in the sky that was full of bright moonlight and he was pensive. Perhaps it would be more appropriate to describe it with sluggish and daze.In the brain of sword dust, constantly recalling for two days, the flames of the mercenary regiment faced with the fifth-order Warcraft Golden Tiger King's chase, and the masses of the mercenary mercenary team finally dragged the King of the Golden Retriever Tigers at the cost of their own lives, protecting themselves. This scene of escape. Although two days have passed, the grief that was caused by the death and death of the Mercenary Mercenary Corps in his mind has also been diluted, but the dust still can not forget this scene, this scene is like a brand-like , has been deeply reflected in the depths of his soul, I am afraid he will never forget this life.He and the mercy of the mercenary mercenary group can be said to meet in peacetime. Although through these days, everyone's relationship has become more integrated, but at the last moment, they would rather die, but also cover the sword dust to escape, although There is also a bit of selfishness, and they also understand that in the face of the King Mao Tigers' pursuit, they simply do not have enough ability to escape, but this still brings a great impact on the soul of Jian Chen."Head of Kander, what is your biggest wish in your life?""The biggest desire in my life is to let the Flame Corps of Mercenaries become the mainland's first mercenary group....."The once scene continued to surface in Jian Chen's brain. Jian Chen sat in front of the window. He gradually returned with a glimmer of eyes. He held his fist tight and murmured in a low voice. Road: "Head of Kendall, your strength is the strongest of our mercenary mercenary groups. I did not expect that at that time, you were the first to leave.""In these days, you are one of the most concerned with me. Now that you are gone, the greatest wish of your life has not been realized. Then, let me fulfill your wish on your behalf. I want you to guarantee In this life, I will do my best to allow the Flame Corps to become the first mercenary regiment on the Tianyuan mainland.” Jian Chen’s tone is full of a firm determination.From the waist, he took off the space belt that Kanda’s leader gave to himself. The sword dust looked in his hand and looked back, but in his head he couldn’t help but recall that when the head of Kend took the space belt to himself, the words said."Dust in the dust, don't refuse. If we can't live off the forest this time, our family will have to take care of you. If we all die here, then their lives will be extremely hard. My father-in-law, my wife, and one of my children will depend on you in the future if they can live a good life."Thought of this, Jian Chen sighed for a long time, and felt a sudden self-confidence in his heart. Before the death of Kent, the head of the space gave himself to the space belt. He asked him to take care of his family, but he has so far Even the name of the family leader of Kendall is not even known where he lives. This allows him to deal with it.Now, in the heart of the Jian Chen, he suddenly became very worried. As Kenda asked him to take care of his family, he already guessed in the heart of the sword that Kade’s family must have been very poor and he did not know that he had lost it. After the head of the German head, his family can live a happy life?When thinking of the future of Kant's family, the future is very likely to be extremely difficult. Jian Chen’s heart is anxious. He wants to find the head of Kanda’s family as soon as possible and entrust his head to the Kanda. Hand in his family so that they can live a happy life.The sword dust has been sitting in front of the window until late at night before returning to bed to begin cultivation. Now, the sword dust needs to become stronger, stronger, and stronger.The night was very calm and passed in a hurry. The morning of the second day, sword dust drenched in cultivation suddenly opened his eyes. Somehow, he suddenly gave birth to a bad premonition.The sword dust got out of bed and came to the window to observe the outside. In this eye, the face of Jian Chen suddenly fell. He saw it outside the restaurant and was surrounded by hundreds of people wearing white robes. The clothes on one person are exactly the same, so it can be seen that it belongs to the same force. Among the crowd, sword dust unexpectedly discovered the young master of Tianxiong who fled from his hands yesterday.