Chapter 126. Tianxiong FamilyAfter listening to the words of the young people, the bad feelings of the sword dust were even worse, and a violent feeling rose in the bottom of my heart. In an instant, the unconstrained eyes of the sword dust became fierce, like a handful. The scabbard's sword was staring at the young man and said, "Go, what qualifications do you have for letting me lead you?" In the tone of the sword dust, with a thick murderous spirit.As soon as the Jian Chen voice fell, the six middle-aged men around the young man face slightly changed, and their fierce eyes immediately stared at them.Being looked like a sharp sword like sword dust, the young people could not help but feel a tremble in their hearts, and the footsteps were a slight step back. But then, the young people found themselves in a state of disappointment. An anger flared up from their hearts. They quickly put out their shyness in their hearts and thought that he was such a noble figure that he was actually a young servant who was almost the same as himself. The soldiers were frightened. This was absolutely a shame for him.The young people stared at the sword dust with anger and suddenly stepped forward, reaching out to the sword dust, snapping: "Broody kid, what do you say to this young master, kind of you are trying to give this young master a try."Dangling eyes glanced at the six middle-aged men around the young people. Their strength was clear. With his powerful god, he only needed to be able to feel the breath of the six people. The exact strength is a senior sages, two junior sages, and three senior sages. Such strength is stronger than that of the mercenary mercenary group.“Roll!” Jian Chen replied coldly, and although he had inferred from the lineup of young people and the tone of his speech that he was definitely a disciple of a great family, the sword dust was already alone. Without care, there is simply no fear of any forces. At most, there is more trouble.Although the trouble is not very comfortable, it is impossible for the sword dust to humbly apologize to a disciple. This is impossible.The young people's faces became very dark and dark. They stared at the sword dust with cold eyes and commanded the six people around them: "Take him to me.""Yes, young master." Immediately one of them opened the way and even after he stepped out of the ranks, he stepped forward and came to the front of the sword. He took it with his hands to the shoulder of Jian Chen. This middle-aged man possessed the power of a senior saint, but after more than 30 years of cultivation, he believes that with such a young age, the strength of the sword dust will certainly not be too strong. The strength of the Holy One is a first-rate genius. It is not as simple as a messenger to take advantage of the strength of their own high-level saints.In the eyes of Jian Chen, Hanmang flew away. He was slightly on one side, and he avoided the middle-aged man's grasping palm effortlessly. He said coldly: “You are not qualified enough for me.” Jian Chen’s tone is full of emotions. Disdain. If it is usual, the sword dust will certainly not say such a thing, but the experience of the mercenary group of the Flame has caused a great influence on his state of mind. It is no longer the plain and elegant, but the young people's arrogant attitude is even more. The bad feelings of the sword dust have become a bit violent and uproar. Deep down there is a bit of an urge to kill.After listening to the humiliating words of Jian Chen, the middle-aged man's face suddenly became ugly. He thought about the strength of his senior pilgrims and faced a young boy who was not in his early twenties. In the meantime, he was humiliated by the other party's mercilessly. This made him disgraceful, especially behind the fact that there were still several companions in the caretaker, and there was a deaf young man who could affect his future. Today if it is not a good lesson for the boy, I am afraid he will not be able to look up in front of his companions in the future.Thinking of this, the middle-aged man decided not to keep his hand and saw a long sword in his hands. As the body's Holy Power continued to infuse the long sword, the entire sword exudes a layer of dreams. ."Hurricane kid, now let you see if I have the qualifications and hands in the end!" Middle-aged man shouted, and then waving a long sword to the sword dust cut off the shoulder.The sword dregs coldly, the light breeze swiftly appeared in the right hand, and then turned into a silvery light, piercing with lightning."Oh!"Just when the long sword in the middle-aged man's hand had just been shot, the sword's breeze sword had already started before it and pierced his throat.The middle-aged man suddenly stiffened his entire body, staring at the sword dust with his eyes wide open and the tiny sword that pierced his throat, and his eyes looked incredible. Then, the middle-aged man’s A pair of eyes gradually lost their looks, quickly became empty, and finally the entire body fell softly on the ground, not to be noticed.After seeing this middle-aged man's blow, he was killed by Jian Chen. The five other guards who watched the young man's face all looked at each other. Then his face suddenly changed dramatically and he had to resort to sacred soldiers and his eyes were vigilant. Dust is on the verge of an enemy.The young man could not believe the middle-aged man who was lying on the ground and had lost his arm and pointed at the sword dust. Lily said, “You...you...you dare to kill my guard...you know what I am. People, you .... You .... Your kid is not impatient to live. "Although the age of young people is similar to Jian Chen, but obviously grew up in the greenhouse, did not experience any storms, at the moment to see bloody In the scene, the timidity in the heart could not help but show itself.Although he had bullied many people with the power of the family, they were almost all cartilage heads and did not dare to offend him. This made him go down the road all the way, and he did not take the eyes of the people of the world. They have never seen a cold and ruthless person like Jian Chen. Killing individuals is so simple. As if they are just like homely people, young people who have never seen such scenes are suddenly scared by the ironclad weapon dust.At this time, a middle-aged man with fortitude and fortitude stepped forward and arched his hand toward sword dust. He said quietly: “This little brother, we are the family of Tianxiong, and this is our Tianxiong. The young master of the family, the previous thing, is indeed our fault. Here I apologize to you. This thing has passed.” The tone of the middle-aged man is neither haughty nor humble.Jian Chen eyes sharply staring at a group of people across the body, exudes a strong murderous, stepping toward them with the sword step by step, cold tone: "hands on it, if you can escape from my hands today, naturally let you off. ”