Chapter 122 Death of KenderSeeing the king of the Golden Retriever retreating, Kelos couldn't help but give a sigh of relief and hurriedly breathe. At this moment, his fiercely beating heart, I'm afraid even if someone stood beside him, he could hear clearly. This time with golden hair. King Tiger's cubs threaten the grown-up King of the Golden Retriever. Kelos could be said to have taken the risk and was forced to finish on the road. But fortunately, he succeeded, but the situation was not so optimistic. Although he was threatened with his cubs, he was still stunned there. To make it withdraw, Kelows knew in his heart that it was impossible and he did not dare to rush too fast. If not, he would be afraid To the opposite effect.From the crimson light in the eyes of King Mao Hu’s eyes, the knowledgeable Kelos had already understood that the King of the Tigers had now fallen into a rage only because his own children were still in their hands, and they did not dare to attack. Now the cub in his hands has become the amulet of Clos. If he loses the amulet, Clos is fully aware of what kind of fate he will face next.Under the threat of death, Keluos surprisingly calmed down, thinking quickly in his mind, although it has reached such a critical point now that when Clos has not given up on his desire to survive, he has only a chance to survive. He will not give up. It's better than standing here waiting for death. If you can't say it, you can't escape the life of this seemingly faint line of escape.At this time, Klos’s eyesight, Yu Guangyi, went to a group of flame mercenaries who were standing not far away, and his heart moved slightly. Immediately he threw up the cubs in his hand and threw them at the mercy of the mercenary group. ."Oh!" As soon as Clos was just making a move, the King of the Golden Retriever who was standing on the side of him was also snarling and snarling. He immediately flung himself and put Klose on the floor. A pair of front paws pressed directly on the ground. On Loose's shoulders, the sharp claws caught two deep bloodstains on both sides of Klose's shoulders, and the blood-smelling sensation of the Golden Retriever king's bloody mouth made him unable to breathe.When King David was pressed down on the ground, Klos’s face turned pale instantly, and his mind was still in a blank space. He wanted to throw the cubs over the flames of the Mercenary Corps to take advantage of the Golden Retriever. Tiger King's goal, but he did not expect the king's action to be so fast, just when he threw out the cub, he was thrown to the ground, and now, Klos has determined that he is not alive. It's possible."Hey! Hey!"The little animal tossed out by Clos continued to soar in the air. The sense of weightlessness in his eyes finally made the beast feel a fear, and his mouth shrieked in horror.Looking at the little beast that was thrown into the air and was constantly falling toward the ground, the golden eyes of the golden tiger Wang showed a trace of panic in his humane eyes, whispered loudly, and it was too late to care for it. Under Klos, a leap forward, chasing away to the small beast.Feeling a light on his shoulders, Kloth slapped his eyes slightly, and when he saw the King of the Golden Retriever who had chased him to the little beast, he came to understand it with a flash of ecstasy in his eyes, taking care of the King of the Golden Retriever on his shoulders. There was a lot of pain in the area where the scratch was coming from, and the hands and feet were crawling up from the ground with a wolverine, and they went straight to the side of the dense jungle and disappeared.Looking at Clos's escape, the fourth-order Tiger, who had blocked the road ahead, was stunned on the ground, trying to catch up immediately, but when his eyes fell on the already exposed King Mao Hu. Suddenly suppressed the impulse in the heart. The fourth-order World of Warcraft, although it has initially possessed a bit of intelligence, is still stupid in the end. Thinking about problems, how can it be compared with human beings who are mature in thought? The King of Fighters only makes it stop the way of the pedestrians. He chased those who fled, and before he had received the order of the King Mao Hu, the tiger's fourth-order World of Warcraft could only watch as Clos ran away from him, even if it wanted to chase. It is not afraid.When the head of Kend was about to get into the jungle next to him, suddenly a group of black objects greeted him towards him, and finally mounted directly on his broad chest, and then fell to the ground.Upon seeing this, the head of Kend almost reached out to catch the falling object. Just when his hand touched the black object, he instantly understood the blackness of the fly. What was the object in the end, the look of Kent’s face “squeaky” became pale and his heart secretly exclaimed: “Oh, this is actually the cub of the Golden Retriever.” At this time, Golden Retriever The tiger king's cub is no longer a valuable treasure, but a hot iron. Whoever touches it will fall.When Kender just wanted to throw out his cub in his arms, suddenly a loud whist came and suddenly he saw a dark shadow in front of the head of Kent at a very fast speed. The bloody mouth full of greasy smell bites directly in the head of Kender's head.The leader of Kend simply had no time to react. The entire upper body was directly caught by the sudden arrival of the King of the Golden Retriever in the mouth. The sharp teeth of King Mao Wang’s sharp teeth penetrated into the body of the head of Kade. The bright red blood was like a Like a fountain, a turbulent stream emerged from the head of Kander.“Ah~~~” The head of Kand made a scream and the voice was full of pain and desolate. When the screams of Kanda's head came from the mouth of the King of the Tigers, it was already much weaker."Head of Kent!""Uncle Kendall!"Looking at the entire upper body of the head of Kanda, who was bitten by the King of the Golden Retriever, all the mercenary members of the mercenary group saw their desire for splitting, and all of them issued piercing pains.The piercing cries of the mercy of the mercenary corps passed into the Jian Chen ears that had just entered the jungle. Jian Chen’s face suddenly changed and he immediately withdrew from the jungle.When the sword dust saw the entire upper body of Kanda’s head had been bitten by the King Mao Tiger, he was shocked and a silvery breeze suddenly appeared in his right hand, suddenly burst into a sharp sword. Qi and the powerful silver-white Jianman, the entire light wind sword is included."Oh!"The light breeze sword escaped from the palm of the sword dust, as if it had become a very spiritual sword, automatically flew out of the hands of the sword dust, and flew toward the head of the Golden Retriever King with lightning at an extremely fast speed.When the light wind sword is full of sharp Jianmang stabbed in the head of the Golden Retriever King, only punctured a layer of skin only, did not give the Golden Retriever king hit hard.Although the sword dust is used to attack the sword of God, the attack power is increased several times or even more than ten times, but the Golden Retriever King is a fifth-order Warcraft after all, but the sword dust is now only the strength of the middle-level saints. It is an incredible thing to wound it.“Hey!” The pain from his head made the Golden Retriever's king mad, and the Golden Retriever Wang's red eyes were sharply staring at the sword dust, then whispered, and the mouth was a force, directly to the head of Kendhal. Part of the body bite into two sections, the upper body was directly swallowed by it, suddenly, leaving only a headless body with only the lower part of the chest, the bright red blood spewing out, and soon brought together into one Beach blood water."Uncle Kendall!"Looking at the body of the head of Kade, who only had the lower half of his body, the crowds of the mercenary mercenary team screamed in pain and grief. Their eyes were full of grief."Oh!" The King of the Tigers roared and tried to practice, then he jumped and leapt to the sword dust at an extremely fast pace.Jianchen’s mysterious pace, his body is like a ghostly movement that spans a distance of twenty feet, avoiding the attack of the King Mao Hu, while at the same time, the light wind sword hovering in the sky is transformed into a silvery white light. A light shines from behind the King of the Golden Tigers towards its head.However, when the Breeze Sword was about to stab the body of the Golden Retriever King, the long tail behind the Golden Retriever King suddenly turned into a phantom and plucked heavily on the light wind sword."Oh!"The soft boneless tiger's tail contains powerful and unimaginable power. The breeze sword is swung by the tail of the golden tiger's king, and it is pumped to a distance of ten meters. The sword is powerful and sharp. The Jianmang also disappeared in an instant and restored its original appearance.The body of the sword suddenly shuddered, and his face instantly became pale, and the mouth of his mouth was rushing out of the blood. The breeze sword served as the real name of the sacred soldier whose life had been repaired, and it was under the control of “God”. Next, no matter how heavy the wind breeze sword has been, it will have a huge implicated relationship with the body of the dust and the god. Although the tiger's tail of the golden tiger tiger is not playing on the sword dust, it is clearly beyond the ability of the breeze sword. The scope of carrying the sword dust has also been not lightly traumatized.King Mao’s body became a remnant of the image. With the speed that the naked eye could not capture at all, it continued to move toward the sword dust. A pair of sharp claws was turned into the afterimage of Jian Chen’s chest.Dust escaping between escaping, but because this time the speed of the Golden Tiger King is much faster than before, and his body was also not lightly traumatized, so simply can not completely escape the King Mao Tiger attack.The pair of sharp claws of the golden tiger tiger swept the sword dust on their chests with their swift winds. Suddenly, the chest of the sword dust became bleary and the deep white sternum had been exposed.A squeaky groan sounded from the mouth of Jian Chen. The intense pain made Jian Chen’s face pale like a piece of paper. In front of the Golden Retriever King, who had the fifth-order strength, Jian Chen had almost no resistance. He cited The pride of God's method of imperial swords only left a deep wound on the head of the Golden Tiger Tiger."Dust, you fled, I stopped him." Suddenly, the knife yelled, and took his short knife to the side of the King of the Golden Retriever, lifting his knife and slashing against the King of the Golden Retriever. .