Chapter 127 No mercyJian Chen eyes sharply staring at a group of people across the body, exudes a strong murderous, stepping toward them with the sword step by step, cold tone: "hands on it, if you can escape from my hands today, naturally let you off. ”The faces of the five middle-aged men were slightly changed. The middle-aged man who had previously expressed his fortitude was also gloomy and said: "This friend, you are too unaware of it, if it is not for us. The purpose of this trip is to escort the young master to experience life in the mountains of Warcraft, and the owner still has to explain that he cannot be born on the road. Otherwise, you really think that you killed one of our companions. Can things be solved so easily? Although the family is not a famous family on Tianyuan, it is not so bullying.”The words of the middle-aged man reminded the young people of the strong power of their own family. They couldn't help but feel strong. They said, “That's good. Our family is not so bullied, in WACKER. There is no one who is not afraid of my Tianxiong family. Boy, you have already killed one of my guards. If you are interested, immediately go back to me for punishment. Otherwise, you will leave your life here today."After listening to the young people's words, the middle-aged man can not help but frown and cry in his heart: "idiot." Although the strength of the Tianxiong family is not weak, it is only relative to the city of WACKER.And even in the city of WACKER, the position of the Tianxiong family is extremely dangerous. Although Wak City is only a three-tier city, there are also more than two dozen families with a large and small addition, although it seems that The family of the male family is the only one in the city of WACKER. It can be said that it is covered in the city of WACKER. However, in the hearts of middle-aged men, it is very clear that although the Tianxiong family looks superb on the surface, it has become a thorn in many families in WACKER. After all, In the city of WACKER, in the city of WACKER, there are many forces that are not weaker than the Tianxiong family. They are all staring at the Tianxiong family. Once the time has come, they will not hesitate to strike against the Tianxiong family. The land held by the male family. Because the Tianxiong family, which had covered the city for more than ten years in WACKER, had already controlled a third of the business in the entire city, it was such a big fat that the surrounding forces had long been blind.Moreover, due to the geographical environment of WACKER near the mountains of Warcraft, the population flow in the city is very large. Of these, 99% of them are mercenaries from all over the place. There are many foreign forces, large and small, and the entire tile. Kecheng can be described as a mixed bag, although the Tianxiong family seems to have extremely large power and connections in WACKER, and they also maintain cooperative relations with several medium-sized mercenary groups stationed in Wak City. There are also many powerful forces and some of the strong players who are scattered. The Tianxiong family can not afford to offend. Otherwise, I fear that the Tianxiong family will only end in extinction.The middle-aged man saw Jian Dust so easily possessed the power to kill the senior saints at such an age. In particular, the lightning-like sword made middle-aged men feel astonished. The speed of the sword is so fast that I am afraid. Even if he had to do his best to escape it, with the knowledge of middle-aged men, from these two points can be roughly inferred that there is certainly a weak background behind the sword dust, or behind him there is a very strong and strong Master, otherwise, how could such a young age have such a strong strength, so the middle-aged man has the meaning of resolving this grudge and does not want to provoke trouble for the Tianxiong family.However, when the sword dust heard those words spoken by the young master of the Tianxiong family, the coldness in his eyes flashed and he said nothing at all. His body swayed slightly and rushed toward the young man at a very fast pace. The sword turned into a silvery white light, piercing with lightning, and the goal was relieved by the young man's throat.Although the young man in the Tianxiong family knew what the youth was, he had never feared any power since his debut.See Jian Chen actually so decisive hands, the middle-aged man face slightly changed, the eyes appeared a touch of twilight, a two-handed giant sword appeared in the hands, the middle-aged man tightly hold the hilt with both hands, suddenly hit the ball, with The Long Sword took the sound of bursts of air and straight toward the young man's breeze sword.Although the middle-aged man guessed that there is a great background behind the sword dust, he is not a fearful person.The sword's trajectory suddenly changed from the sword's spurt, and the sword was lifted. It took the initiative to welcome the giant sword of the middle-aged man.    "Ding!"With the sound of steel-like collisions, the sword of Jianwu’s light wind sword collided with the middle-aged man’s two-handed giant sword in mid-air. The two just touched each other, and a powerful force took hands from the middle-aged man’s hands. The Great Sword is passed directly to the sword of Jianwu.Jian Chen’s face became serious. The right arm flexibly controlled the light wind sword and unloaded the powerful force transmitted from the Great Sword. At the same time, his feet quickly stepped out and he immediately walked behind the middle-aged man and put himself behind him. The superiority of the Quick Sword played with the best of its ability and launched a blizzard-like intensive attack on middle-aged men.The strength of Jian Chen is growing almost every day. At this time, he and the middle-aged man who has the strength of the senior sage can hardly get into trouble. Of course, the most important thing is that the middle-aged man is not Force-type warriors are simply pure powers that are stronger than the sword dust.With the hands of the two men, the other four guards also quickly protected the young masters of the Tianxiong family from retreating.In the short-breathing room, middle-aged men and sword dust have already played against more than a dozen rounds. Middle-aged men are more frightened because the sword of Jian Chen is too fast. The speed of each sword is not only surprisingly fast. Incomparable and fatal, and the seemingly messy swordsmanship seems to contain something mysterious that he does not understand. The cooperation and connection between moves and moves are almost seamless, and no flaws can be found. The strength of the senior saint, but it can only be maintained in a balanced stage with the sword dust, and the longer the time is dragged, the more unfavorable to him, because sword dust fast sword, so that middle-aged men are very difficult to avoid them Although there will not be any problems for the time being, it will be sooner or later, as time goes by, that he will be defeated. Because he is facing the sword-dust like a lightning-like swordsmanship, the only one that has gradually fallen out of his way is to resist, even to fight back. The opportunities are pitifully low."Haier, Fascist, both of you came to help me, and Tian Hao and you two of you immediately protected the young master from leaving." After supporting for a moment, the middle-aged man had to call reinforcements to face the extremely fast sword of sword dust. In recent years, men have almost been able to escape.After listening to the middle-aged man, the guards protecting the youth are all changed. They look at each other and their faces become dignified. They are very clear about the strength of the middle-aged man who fought with Jian Chen. I didn't expect that with the strength of his senior sage, he actually had to call for help. It surprised them, but he did not expect that the age of sword dust, which was only about twenty years old, actually had such strength.