Looking at the scene before him, a look of surprise flashed in the eyes of the sword dust, a look of demure, muttered to himself: “Strange, where is this? The King of the Golden Tiger? Did I be rescued?”The sword dust was so lying on the ground, only slightly turning his head to look around, the heart soon calmed down, but in his head, but thought of a group of flame mercenary troops to cover their escape, to their own lives The price drags on the scene of the King Mao Tiger.Thought of this, the heart of the sword dust is a burst of grief, although he and members of the mercenary mercenary team only got along less than a month's time, but in this period the members of the sword dust and flame mercenary group get along with the happy, in mind has been established A friendship, though not profound, was made at the last moment when the members of the mercenary mercenary group actually gave up their lives and dragged on the King of the Golden Retriever, creating time for fleeing for themselves, although there was a big reason for this. Because the hearts of all the mercenary mercenary groups are clear, in the face of a fifth-order World of Warcraft they simply can not escape, but this still gives the sword dust's heart has brought a very big impact."Uncle Kendall, Deere, Chang Ningfeng, Amber, Zhou Dakai, Zhou Xiaokai, Knife, Yu Xuan, don't worry. Later, when I have enough strength, I will definitely take revenge for you. I will personally hand over Jin Maohu. Wang Shuo killed.” Lying on the ground, Jian Chen said in a horrible voice, his tone was full of a strong intention to kill.After a moment, the sword dust took a deep breath, slowly calmed himself down and looked around again. As for how he escaped from the mouth of the King Mao Hu, Jian Chen also felt very puzzled, and the environment here was also unconscious with him. There is a big difference before."This is what place, in the end who is to save me." A little look of ambiguity around the sword full of doubts."Forget it, now is not the time to think about it. It is imperative that you treat your own injuries." With this idea in mind, Jian Chen put aside the distractions in his mind and began to heal himself with the power of controlling the light and power of heaven and earth. .The strange energy between heaven and earth quickly gathered toward the sword dust, and when brought together to a certain degree, gradually showing a milky light, the sword dust covered the whole person.With the constant integration of the bright Holy Power into the body of sword dust, the injuries in the dust of the sword dust are also recovering at a speed that is visible to the naked eye.After two hours, the god of sword dust consumed too much and had to stop. After the treatment of these two hours, although the injury in the dust of the sword dust did not heal, it did not affect the most basic action.Slowly disperse the bright sacred force, sword dust slowly climbed from the ground, took off the body's broken clothes, and then took a new one from the space belt, and at this time, sword dust Only then suddenly found a thick layer of plant powder on the ground.Slowly bent down, Jian Chen gently grabbed a powder on the ground, start cold, and there is a bit moist, but there is a special smell only belonging to plants from the nose.The right hand gently kneaded the dust in his hands. The dust in the sword dust gradually revealed a hint of surprise. He whispered in exasperation: “This is actually a plant powder.” When the voice falls, the sword dust suddenly rises and looks around. When we saw the ground within a hundred meters of a radius, a thick layer of plant powder was accumulated. Outside the one-hundred meters range, it was a thick forest of trees and weeds everywhere.Seeing this scene, Jian Chen was a slight trembling moment, and an idea that he could not believe suddenly appeared in his mind."Isn't all the plants within a hundred meters of this area turned into dust?"Thought of this, Jian Chen's look could not help but reveal a trace of consternation, although he did not know what happened before his coma, but his heart is very clear, in the case of no harm to the road and the surrounding environment, want to put a radius How difficult it is for all the plants in a hundred meters to be completely powdered, and it is not an easy task to control this absolutely powerful force."What's going on here." Jian Chen is full of doubts, but also feel very curious. Afterwards, Jian Chen did not stay here. Instead, he took the sun on the sky as a compass, and after thinking about the direction, he thought about walking outside. As for the strange zone and what happened to his unconsciousness last night, Jian Chen also Do not want to think about brain injury, in short, as long as you can survive is fortunate.Since the injuries in the dust of the sword dust have not healed, they are cautious along the way. They do not want to cause some Warcraft to add unnecessary trouble. Therefore, the speed of progress is not very fast.The sword dust rushed for two days, finally out of the Warcraft Mountains, came to the periphery of a forest, and the injury of Jian Chen was also cured in these two days.The sword dust drifted carelessly into the dense forests. The heart was heavy. When they came, they had a full capacity of ten people. When they returned, only one of them was left. Outside of him, everyone is forever in the mountains of Warcraft, bones do not exist.At this moment, a team of mercenary-dressed people approached the sword dust and watched the direction of the advancement, and it was only when they entered the Mountain of Warcraft. There were a total of seven people in the team, except for the one with a proud face in the middle. At about the age of twenty, the other six are all middle-aged men aged 40 and up. The whole team can see at a glance that the youth is being protected by six middle-aged men. .The seven dressmen of the mercenaries obviously noticed the sword dust, but they did not care for it.When the seven mercenaries were about to pass the Jian Chen, suddenly a arrogant voice sounded: "Kid, you stop for me." The person who spoke was exactly how old it looked. Youth.The dust in the sword dust did not hear the voice behind him. It was still bowing down and walking with its heavy heart.See Jian Chen actually ignored himself, the young man could not help but slightly changed his face, eyes a bit chilly staring at the back of the sword dust, then shouted again: "in front of the boy wearing a linen clothes, your ears are not blind, Didn’t you hear the words of this young man?” The young people's tone was very arrogant, and his face was full of arrogance.Jian Chen's body slightly beat up, looked up at the young man, said plainly: "You are calling my mother?""Nonsense, this young man is not calling you or who he is called. Are there other people besides you?" The young people's arrogant rivers did not find their own words. They and their six middle-aged people Man, isn't it human?After listening to these words of the young people, the muscles on the faces of the six middle-aged men around the youth all twitched slightly, but they did not dare to laugh.The sword dust frowned and said in a low tone: "What is there to say?" Having just experienced the tragic accident of the Flame Corps Corps, the mood of the sword dust is also very bad, and even the tone of speech has changed. less.The young people's faces flashed with a hint of anger. Jianqi so impolitely talked to him and made him feel very angry."Boy, this young master asks you whether you came out of the Mountain of Warcraft." The voice of young people has increased a bit, and the look to Jian Chen has become extremely unfriendly.Wen Yan, Jian Han eyes flashed in the eyes of Hanmang, low: "How is it?"There was a smirk on the young man's face and said: "That happens to be right. The young master is also going to experience life in the Mountain of Warcraft. You give the young master a way to lead it. If you are satisfied with this young master, you will ultimately benefit from it."