Chapter 135 Escape from Waak CityAlthough WACKER CITY is a small three-tier city, and there are not many resident Pingming people, due to its close proximity to the Mountain of Warcraft, it occupies a geographical advantage, so in this small city, it is also very prosperous. There are many migrants entering and leaving the country.On the streets of Wacker City, there are many small business hawkers on both sides of the street with stalls, and some small shops selling various kinds of goods. Of course, among these shops, the restaurant accommodation industry has an absolute advantage. In the middle of the street, there are endlessly dressed mercenaries and merchants who cling to carts and carts. The voices from the people passing through here have made the whole street a mess, making the city even more prosperous.At this moment, the crowd in front of the street suddenly burst into a commotion. Immediately afterwards, I saw a young man whose clothes had already been stained with red blood. The young man ran from there very quickly. The appearance of the young man suddenly caught the attention of the surrounding pedestrians, and he focused his attention on the young man's fingers and whispered."Who stopped the person who fled in front of us, our family of Tianxiong had many rewards."At the same time, a loud, high-pitched voice came from behind, and when the voice just fell, I saw a few middle-aged men with slightly messy clothes rushing over from behind, not much slower than the young people who had escaped in front of him. The speed of chasing up."Tianxiong family, they are actually Tianxiong people...."“Tianxiong family is the biggest family in Waukesha City. I dare to provoke people who dare to offend the Tianxiong family in WACKER.”After listening to the words of middle-aged men, many mercenaries whispered in silence, but none of them went up to block the young man who fled.This young man was relieved to kill the young master of the Tianxiong family and numerous guards and tried to escape from this place.The sword dust quickly thought of the direction of the city gate, encountered obstacles along the way, and immediately flew through the wall and quickly passed. The speed was very fast. Nevertheless, the chasing masters behind him were still Followed closely behind him, but due to the mysterious appearance of sword dust, it occupies an advantage in speed, so even if the strength of the middle-aged man is stronger than the sword dust, but still can not catch up with the full escape. The sword dust, unless one of them has the power of the Holy Spirit or the master of the strength of the Holy One, otherwise, their speed can only be kept in a relatively balanced phase with the sword dust, and, once in front of Obstacles, they are unable to do the understatement of the action like sword dust.Although WACKER CITY is a small-scale, three-tier city, the entire city covers an area that is not small. Even if the sword dust rushes toward the nearest city gate, it will at least cost a scent of incense. time.The sword dust breathing in full force has gradually become heavy. The fierce fighting he experienced earlier consumed a lot of his Holy Power, and now he is a wounded body, and he runs to the present with full strength. The state's burden on him is also very large, and the body's strenuous exercise involves the body's wounds. The waves of concentrated pain that come from him are also a severe test for the nerves of the sword dust.In front of that, the towering walls of the city were looming. The gorgeous and beautiful, he could even vaguely see the soldiers standing on the walls. Now he exemplifies the walls of the city of Waak, which is less than five kilometers away. Behind him, a few Masters of the Tianxiong family, who are still in hot pursuit, have been pulled by the sword dust to 50 meters.Looking at the more and more clear walls in front of him, the dust of the sword couldn't help being a little easier, but the speed was not reduced. In his heart, he also knows that the Tianxiong family in WACKER has a huge power. With their current strength, they are not enough to confront the whole Tianxiong family on the front. Now the only thing he has to do is flee from the city of Wak. In order to minimize the danger.    "Roar!"At this moment, a long, long-running World of Warcraft roar came from far behind, and the sound just fell, and it was hard to hide the fury of the fierce anger."Give me a stop to those who fled before. I have great rewards."Hearing the rumbling sound from the back, Jian Chen’s face changed slightly. According to his experience, the strength of a person’s strength was judged from this sound, and he was definitely not able to resist it."Heavenly Heroes, presumably people of the Tianxiong family." Jian Chen secretly thought, and the speed of running, actually once again on the fast one point.Some mercenaries and businessmen walking in the street heard this angry voice of the sky and they all looked at it.“Isn't the heavens strong, not the contemporary owner of the Tianxiong family, the largest family in Waukesha?”“Dare to offend the family of Tianxiong in Wak City, and let the person who Tianxiong Lich hunts for himself be surely not a weak person. Forget it, now I’ve just reached the strength of the Holy One, or don’t mix it in. ."“The Tianxiong family is the first force in the city of WACKER. If I can put a stop to the escaped man, surely the sky-shattering rewards will not be less. Maybe because of the He Tianxiong family at this time, For me, it's a big blessing."Some of the mercenaries who were more familiar with the power of the WACKER city immediately revealed their strong identities. The next one whispered in silence. Among them, many people who are not weak in self-confidence are starting to get up in their hearts. With the benefits of it.Tian Xionglie obviously had a low prestige and influence in WACKER. When he spoke, he immediately moved the hearts of many mercenaries and looked at the sword dust that was quickly running from a distance. The soldiers took out their own sacred soldiers and placed themselves across the road to stop the progress of sword dust.As soon as someone took the lead, many mercenaries later resorted to their sacred soldiers and joined the ranks of the blocker. These people obviously couldn't resist the temptation of Tian Xiong-re-reward. After all, the Tianxiong family was the real family of Wacker Castle.Seeing someone in front of him standing in front of him, Jian Chen’s face suddenly became dignified, but his speed was also extremely fast. He only had two breathing time and he was close to those people.As soon as the sword dust was approaching, several people immediately took the sacred soldiers and rushed toward the sword dust.Jian Chen did not entanglement with them. His feet slammed on the ground. The whole body leapt to avoid the few people who rushed, and the tip of the toes flew over buildings on both sides of the street and flew overhead."Where to escape!"Immediately some of the fast-acting people leaped up high. The sacred soldiers with their weak Holy Powers cut mercilessly toward Jian Chen.The severe murderous machine flickered away from the eyes of the sword and suddenly turned around. The silvery breeze swiftly appeared in the right hand, and then it turned into a sword shadow, and lightning flashed out."Oh!"In the air, a few clashes of weaponry were heard. Immediately afterwards, a piece of blood spilled from the air, and those who leaped up to block the sword-dust were like a broken kite, unable to move from the air. It fell down, fell to the ground and struggled a little. With no movement, there was an extremely small wound in the throat and heart of the chest. The red blood was just like a fountain from the wound. Parts flowed out.