Chapter 133 The Death of the Young Master of Tianxiong Family“The young man is careful!” When the middle-aged men standing beside the young master of Tianxiong’s family noticed this piercing silvery light, one by one, the two colors suddenly changed, but the speed of this silver-white light was indeed Too fast, and less than three feet from the throat of the Tianxiong family's master. In such a close range, they had no time to rescue."Oh!"In the face of this flash of silver-white light at a speed like lightning, only the master of the Tianxiong family, the power of the saint, simply had no time to react and was deeply penetrated into the throat by a breeze sword.The young man of Tianxiong family had his eyes widened and stared at the light wind sword that had pierced his throat. His eyes were unbelievable and very unwilling to look. He could not think of it anyway. He went to experience the Warcraft Mountains. On the way, casually provoking a seemingly desolate little mercenary would actually ruin his own life. If he knew that there would be such a result, he would not dare to provoke Jian Chen. Unfortunately, there is no regret medicine in the world to eat. Now that his fate is destined, he will not be able to change the mountains.Looking at the breeze sword that had pierced the throat of the Tianxiong family, the middle-aged men standing beside him suddenly changed their faces and suddenly became pale, and they knew that this second-generation ancestor was the day before. The only son of the contemporary family of the male family was highly favored in the family and was the future successor of the Tianxiong family. At the moment, the young master of the Tianxiong family was killed in front of his own eyes. They could not imagine the same day. After the family's family members learned of the news, how crazy they would become, and how many punishments they would receive.When one thinks of the harshness of the Tianxiong family's family, several middle-aged men are just chilling and trembling. Then one by one, they look into Jian Chen’s eyes and are filled with anger. Today, if they can’t bring sword dust back, then They really cannot explain it to them."Boy, you killed the young master, you are ready to die."Several middle-aged men did not hesitate, immediately took out the sacred soldiers and attacked the sword dust at the same time. At the same time, one more person shouted loudly: “The Tianxiong family belongs and immediately surrounds him and must not let him run.”Several middle-aged men were not low in Tianxiong's family. After listening to their words, the rest of the Tianxiong family did not hesitate for a moment. They immediately dispersed around and surrounded the entire battlefield with a circle around it. Some people have driven far too many people who are watching lively. ,And in the collapsed restaurant ruins, there is a constant humanoid crawling out of the inside, and immediately joined the team surrounding the venue.The people around the crowd also witnessed the killing of the young master of the Tianxiong family. The hearts of all people are aware of the seriousness of this incident. In order to avoid igniting the upper body, they are also very interested in backing away some distance. In this sensitive time, no one wants to conflict with the Tianxiong family. Otherwise, I am afraid that the death of the young master of the Tianxiong family will involve some relations with them.After a sword killed the young master of the Tianxiong family, the sword dust immediately fought with the middle-aged men. These middle-aged men all had the strength of the sages, and among them, three of them had reached the senior sages. In the stage, faced with several masters of the Order of the Holy Master, the pressure of Jian Chen suddenly increased, forcing him to go all out.After several rounds of the sword dust and several middle-aged men played lightning like lightning, his endless turbulent attacks finally forced an opponent to scramble and took advantage of this opportunity. Sting out, directly hit the other's heart, sharp sharp tip, directly to the middle-aged man's heart piercing.Just when the Jianfeng breeze sword had just pierced the heart of a middle-aged man, a machete was also choked on his left shoulder, leaving a deeply visible bone wound. The red blood quickly put his shoulders on The clothes are dyed red.The huge pain from the shoulders sent the sword dust slightly white, and immediately pulled out the light wind sword and stabbed the middle-aged man with a machete.Seeing it as a silver-white light, the middle-aged man with a machete has become extremely dignified and immediately puts the machete in front of his body, blocking the place where the breeze spurs come. At the same time stature retreat.    "Ding!"The sharp blade of the breeze sword was stabbed on the middle-aged man's machete, which contained sharp sword air at the tip of the sword, leaving a clearly visible light mark on the chopper's glossy mirror surface.The sound of sharp blows came suddenly and I saw that five weapons were cut in different directions at the same time towards the vitality of the sword dust, blocking all escape routes of the sword dust, and the powerful weapons brought on. The power of the Holy Spirit actually caused the surrounding air to fluctuate slightly.In the eyes of the sword dust, Li Mang flashed. The surface of the sword on the surface of the breeze sword looked a little more intense. Then it turned into a fuzzy sword shadow, and instantly pierced five swords, with five. The sound of "Why!", the breeze sword has collided with the five sacred warriors.Although the Breeze Sword stopped the five sacred warriors, the face of the sword dust became pale, and the right hand of the sword was also trembling slightly. This attack was a five-man effort. The first strike was not so well received. The strength of the powerful Holy Power contained in the five sacred soldiers not only caused the tingling of the right arm of the shaking sword dust, but even the internal organs of his body were all slightly affected. Shock."Hah!"The anger came again and several middle-aged men with the strength of the sages did not give the sword dust a chance to breathe. They attacked the sword dust again, and the moves between the few people were very clever, even if they exposed the flaws. It is also difficult for Jian Chen to kill any of them without being injured.In the eyes of the sword dust, there was a trace of twilight. This time, facing five sacred soldiers, he did not shy away. In his hand, the light wind sword suddenly turned into a silvery white lightning and pierced at a very fast pace toward the nearest one. ."Oh!"The Breeze Sword did not encounter any slight hindrance and penetrated deeply into the man's throat. At the same time, the five sacred soldiers were about to be cut into the sword dust. The strength of the mighty Holy Spirit contained in the sacred soldier pressed against it. The sword dust clothes are tightly attached to the body.Between the electro-optic flints, the body of Jian Chen slightly twisted, and the danger avoided the three sacred soldiers. However, the other two sacred soldiers actually hit the back and waist of the sword dust.As soon as the sword dust drowsed, his white face became paler. He immediately pulled out the breeze sword that pierced into the throat of the other party, and quickly glanced at the masters of the several Holy Masters around him. No longer fought and shot quickly toward the outside, intending to flee this place first.The Tianxiong family has a strong presence in the city of WACKER. It is also clear in the heart of the sword dust that the longer he stays here, the worse the situation is. With his current strength, he can only work with the Master of the Holy Master. Fighting, once the Tianxiong family has a great teacher, he is in trouble.With his current strength, it is not enough to confront the Great Teacher.After discovering the intention of the sword dust escaping, the few remaining sages immediately shouted: "Stop him, but don't let him run."