Chapter 137 The Great TeacherSeeing that the sword dust did not escape, he spontaneously thought about rushing in. His face could not help but notice a slight smile. He shouted: "I'm going to have a good time. I want to cut you to pieces, don't you? Death is too cheap for you, and I must make you worse off.” To sum up, a large giant axe suddenly appeared in Tian Xionglie's hands. This giant axe was very large, more powerful than the burly body. It is also twice as big, the color of the entire axe is yellowish, and the sharp blade of the axe is swiftly pressing Hanmang.The light breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust crossed the air, with a slight sound of the slightest sound of the sky toward the sky.“Drink!” Tianxiong Lie snapped, and the giant axe in his hands suddenly flashed a ochre light, and then slammed into the sword with a screaming sound."It is actually the power of Holy Land!"Looking at the earth-yellow light on the giant axe, the dreadful face of sword dust could not help but aggravate the three points. Then the light breeze sword that was stabbed slammed back and escaped the powerful attack. On his side, the light wind sword in his hand pierces his waist.Tianxiong Limian sneered, then suddenly release one of the hands holding a large axe, palm quickly covered with a layer of khaki light, just so grabbing the sword to the wind breeze.The breeze sword was tightly grasped by the heavenly right hand. The sharp blade could not hurt him.There was a hint of consternation in the eyes of the sword dust, although he had long heard that people who had the power of divine power had a very strong defense, but he did not expect it to be strong enough.Immediately, the fierce light flashed away from the eyes of the sword and dust, and the next moment, the breeze sword held tight by Tian Xionglie’s right hand suddenly burst into a strong sword, under a strong sword attack. The yellowish light on the right hand of Tian Xiong Lie quickly became thin and faded. There were signs of dissipating.Heavenly and strong quickly released the right palm holding the light wind sword, and just as soon as he left the light wind sword, the yellowish light on the palm of his hand disappeared and he saw his hands in heaven. On the palm, there was a cross-wounded wound that covered the whole palm of the hand, and the blood that was flowing quickly turned red.The eyes stared blankly at his own hand, and heaven and earth chilled with a savage look. It looked like a fierce wolf, fierce eyes staring at the sword dust, and said in a low tone: “Say, why kill me Kanger? Who told you to do it."Jian Chen retreats from his sword and stands opposite Tian Xionglie’s distance of ten feet. He sneers: “No one has directed me to do this. Your son has taken the initiative to provoke me. To blame, only blame yourself and teach An ignorant disciple who knows how to provoke him everywhere."Tianyan Lie’s fierce eyes stared at the sword dust and looked at the meeting again. He asked again, “Isn’t anyone really directed you to do this? At this time, you no longer need to cry for others. If you are honest, Tell me, I may make you happier.""The words I have already said, believe it or not," said the sword dust.Seeing that Jian Chen did not seem to be lying, Tian Xiong's heart could not help but believe in a few minutes. He took a long sigh and said: "It seems that everything is my fault. I am too indulgent in Kang Er. Kang Er is me. Killed.” Tian Xiongrui's tone is full of regrets and deep grief.At this time, far away, there are more than a dozen people running towards here. After seeing the dozens of people behind Tianxionglie, Jian Chen’s face changed slightly. A strong man is not what he can deal with. If more than a dozen Sage-class masters are added, I’m afraid he’s really true today. It's less fierce.The right side of the sword dust squatted on the ground, suddenly, a large area of ​​mud fluttered upwards, sword dust recovered the breeze sword, the power of the Holy Spirit in the body gathered in the palms, and then forward shot, suddenly, in front of the large piece The soil instantly turned into a powder and turned toward heaven. In an instant, it drowned the heavens.Take this opportunity, sword dust did not hesitate for a moment, immediately began to stature to continue running towards the mountains of Warcraft.Loosened by the loess, Tianxiong’s sight was greatly affected, and the surrounding scenery could not be clearly seen. In order to prevent the sudden development of sword dust from the front, Tian Xiong’s physique immediately repulsed, and one fledgling quitted. The area covered by loess, but when he saw the sword dust that was fleeing in the distance, he suddenly burst into fury and angered, "You can't escape." When the voice did not fall, Tian Xionglie chased after the sword dust. . However, on such an error, the distance between Jian Chen and Tian Xionglie has been pulled a few hundred meters away.At this time, the sword dust has been reluctant to heal with the bright Holy Power, he must now be faster than the fastest speed to the Warcraft Mountains, and then through the complex terrain of the Warcraft Mountains to escape the heroic pursuit.The city of WACKER is a distance of 20 kilometers from the Mountain of Warcraft, and in the almost dusty way of sword dust, it quickly ran for 20 kilometers and came to a forest outside the mountains of Warcraft. In the front, the lush greenery is clearly visible.Tian Xionglie in the rear chasing seemed to have guessed the plan of Jian Chen. He slightly hesitated the meeting and immediately revealed a hint of twilight in his eyes. The large axe appeared again in his hands, and the rich khaki ray shook the axe instantly. Tian Xionglie lifted the axe and slammed it in an effort to force him to hurry down...An energy of two meters wide, completely formed by the Holy Spirit's power, turns into a crescent moon and strikes the sword dust at an extremely fast speed.In front of it, Jian Chen noticed the intense energy fluctuations coming from behind. It was too late to observe it. The running figure changed immediately and shifted to the side.The crescent-shaped energy was almost wiped off by the body of sword dust. This time, the sword dust avoided the danger."Boom!"When the crescent-shaped energy bombarded a boulder in front of it, a sudden burst of loud noise broke out. With the strong energy of the aftermath, there were two people who were tall, three meters wide and one meter thick. The gravel shot around. The sword dust has just been affected.Dozens of swords and dodgers dodged with flying stones, but they were still hit by flying debris all over the body. There were even some sharp stones that had been shot into his flesh.After this change, the speed of advancement of sword dust has been somewhat hindered."Boy, let's die!" At this moment, a sound of sudden explosion came. I saw that Tian Xionglie had come behind the sword dust. The broad axe was carrying the strength of the khaki-colored Holy Spirit.