Chapter 138 Jungle KillerThe Breeze Sword instantly appeared in the hands of the sword dust. The next moment, a strong and sharp Jianmang suddenly emerged from the light wind sword. Then, the light wind sword in the hands of the sword dust was automatically separated from the palm and turned into a The devastating silver-white rays greeted the giant axe that appeared at an incredibly fast pace.    "Ding!"The breeze sword collided violently with the cut axe on the top of the sword dust, and made a crisp sound. After a blow, either the strong sword sent from the breeze sword or the earth wrapped in a great axe. The yellow rays were all gloomy. The two weapons collided with each other. The strong energy aftermath caused a wave of sand to go around, and the dust in the sword dust was constantly being retreated.The Breeze Sword was hit by a strong anti-seismic force and drifted away. However, when the breeze sword had just flew less than ten meters away, suddenly, the whole blade suddenly stunned and suddenly paused in the air. Immediately after that, Jian Qi, which was intense and full of sharpness, emerged again."Oh!"At this moment, the breeze sword seems to be transformed into a fairy sword with spirituality, with the slightest sound of broken wires, and in the absence of control, he actually spontaneously shot himself again towards Tian Xionglie.Seeing that the light wind sword will pierce the throat of heaven and earth, between the electro-optics and the flint, the heavens are twisted by the fierce neck, actually avoiding the past with a difference of a thousand millimeters. This is how Rao is. Jianmang still left a shallow mark on the side of his neck.The dust in the heart of the sword drew out a pity. It was such a good opportunity that he was evaded from the past by heaven. However, in his heart he was not half-hearted. He continued to use God's control of the Breeze Sword to attack Heaven.Looking at the breeze sword, which was automatically flying in midair, a look of wonder and disbelief appeared in Tianxiong's eyes.“What happened to this? How could the sacred soldier fly alone in the air in an uncontrolled situation? And it was incredibly fast.” Tian Xionglie secretly exclaimed in his heart. What happened to him in front of him? If you can't think of it, this is beyond his reach.At this time, the breeze sword under the control of sword dust, once again turned into a silvery lightning shot toward Tianxiong.Tian Xionglie shouted, the dense earth-yellow rays emerged in their bodies, and the power of the earth’s property sacred instantly condenses into a layer of vague armor on the surface of his body. Then Tianxiong Lie lifted the axe and directed him with a strong Holy Power. The breeze sword shot was cut.The sword dust thoughts and moves, the light wind sword that flies in midair avoids Heavenly strong attack, circumvents from the side. The strength of the sword dust today is so different from the sky that it is too big. Even if the sword was used to magnify his attack many times, he still couldn't touch the sky.Tian Xiong Lie, which contains an axe of powerful Holy Power, slammed on the ground."Boom!" With a loud roar, the soft soil on the ground was directly hit by a one-meter deep hole.The light wind sword turned a circle in midair, and after adjusting its direction, it actually shot again toward Tian Xiong Lie. Eventually when Tian Xiong Lie had to turn around, the sharp sword tip of the breeze sword directly pierced the sky. On the burly body of the burly man, when the intense, sharp, sharp sturdy air on the surface of the celestial body stagnated, the armor that was completely condensed by the Holy Spirit's power finally fell into disarray. Responsibility, was a hole by the breeze sword, and the tip of the sword, successfully penetrated the Tianxiong strong body.When the Breeze Sword had just pierced into the majestic body, it was stopped by the power of the Holy Spirit in Tianxiong Lie. Then, slowly, it was gradually belonged to Tian Xuong Lie and belonged to the Great Teacher. The sacred force of the earthen property gave it force.Jian Chen brow slightly wrinkled, Tian Xionglie even more difficult than he imagined, did not think such a good opportunity, can not be Tian Xionglie to kill, it seems that with their own strength today even with the help of God The supernatural power of the sword can only temporarily drag on the heavens, and he is lucky. He can't pay attention if he can pay a certain amount of damage. However, if you want to kill Tian Xiong, it is difficult to ascend to heaven. Moreover, the use of the method of using the sword of God is also very expensive for his god. He can't hold on for too long.The mind immediately thought about the meeting. The sword dust immediately made a decision. Then between the thoughts, the breeze sword turned into a silvery light and returned to his hands and disappeared. The sword dust did not hesitate for a moment. World of Warcraft Pulse goes.It is imperative to flee the safe haven and make plans. As for Tian Xiong Lie, it is difficult for the sword dust to protect itself in his hands, let alone kill it. Only when the strength is sufficient afterwards, come back to this hatred.Tianxiong looked at the gloomy sword dust that had run away, and then the power of the Holy Spirit that covered his entire body slowly grew into his income. On his back, he had already had a few small wounds, and he was shed from the wounds. The blood stained the clothes red."Landlord!""Landlord!"At this time, the rear of the dozen Tianxiong family also rushed up and stood behind Tianxiongliefu, eyes full of surprise and could not believe that looked at Tian Xionglie back of that small wound."The chase must not allow him to escape!" Tianxiong Lie said with a deep voice, then led more than a dozen Sage Masters to pursue.The sword dust has entered the woods outside the Warcraft Mountains and is rushing wildly in the jungle. However, his current speed is a bit slower than before, and even the breathing has become heavy and hastily. It was already pale, and several wounds on his body were dripping with blood, and the gravel that had been thrown into his flesh was constantly rubbing against the meat with the vigorous movement of the sword dust. Shares of heart and soul pain into the heart, all the time afflicting the nerves of the sword dust, and now he simply has no time to deal with the body's injuries, he fled to the full, can not even be distracted to control the light of the Holy power for healing.Jian Chen ran to a big tree and paused to breathe a few breaths. After looking back at the eye, the Tianxiong Lie, who was in hot pursuit, immediately resolved the direction, and ran toward the Mountain of Warcraft again.On the way, the sword dust constantly transforms its position by means of the cover of trees and weeds. It brings great trouble to the chased Tian Xionglie. The pursuit of a person in the forest is not as easy as it is outside. In this weedy, wooded forest, people will lose their attention when they are not paying attention.Unconsciously, this chase continued for a long time. At this time it was already at noon. The thick clouds of the sky were so low that it completely blocked the sky in the sky. It was a dark world.Tian Xiongrui and his entourage followed the trail left by the sword dust and tracked the outer area of ​​the Mountain of Warcraft. They finally lost track of sword dust.The fierce eyes of heaven and earth glanced at the lush weeds around the eyes. His face was gloomy and terrible. Immediately he took out a warrant and said; "Knife, you immediately took me back to the order, and organized men to come and search the man in the Mountains of Warcraft. ”“Yes, the owner!” Immediately a middle-aged man took over the warrant in Tian Xionglie’s hands and quickly disappeared into the jungle.