Chapter 136 Outbreak (2)The violent killings fled in the eyes of the sword dust. Immediately afterwards, people from the Tianxiong family took the initiative to rush forward. The sword dust lifted the sword and took the initiative to welcome them. With the intensive sword shadow flickering, the breeze sword was already fast. The unrecognizable speed of the naked eye pierced more than ten swords around.Facing the sword-dust like a lightning-like sword, this group of people who are obviously too weak has no resistance at all. When the sword fell, the few people who rushed in the front fell down immediately. In the throat and heart, there has been a more subtle wound, and the red blood is constantly flowing from the wound.The Tianxiong family has come here with nearly a hundred people. The deaths of these people did not cause any fear in the back of the people. The people behind them are still rushing toward the sword dust, which is dense and heavy. The sound of footsteps, stepping on the floor of the restaurant, which was completely flat on the board, gave off a heavy "Oh! Oh!" sound.Looking at the back of a group of people still unaware of life and death, Jian Chen eyes in the Hanmang flash, snort, the hands of the breeze sword stabbed out faster, the direction of each sword stabbed is not the target of the throat, It is the heart, which can be said to be fatal. There is no meaning to leave it as a result.Although the sword dust now knows that the Tianxiong family is a big family in the city of WACKER, he is not afraid of these things at all. Moreover, he is now single, and he is not half worried. There is nothing to worry about.The sword dust that appears to be somewhat thin and flexible in the crowd constantly shuttles, the bluish sword stabbed by the continuous flashes of silver-white light, almost every flash, one will fall, and because of their fierce In the battle, the entire restaurant has become a messy place. The neat desks, chairs and tables that were originally placed have also been shattered. Pieces of dishes and dishes are scattered all over the place.With the uncatchable shape of the sword dust as ghostly and unceasingly flashing in the crowd, the people of the Tianxiong family fell one by one and spent a few short breaths. There are more than ten people here. Lying on the ground, never climb again. And behind the sword dust, the Buddha was put on a pair of eyes and could observe the situation in all directions. The weapons that were cut to him around him could often be evaded by the sword dust in dangerous times. Although Jian Chen is a one-man force and opponents dozens of people, but after this period of fighting, he did not receive a little injury, and even the sacred soldiers who cut to Jian Chen, even his clothes are not touched.Seeing that one of his family members fell down, and Jian Chen was unscathed, the young master of the Tianxiong family who stood not far from watching the situation could not help but frowned. His dissatisfaction between his looks was rather unpleasant. "A group of wastes and wastes are all rice bins. I did not expect that I actually raised such a group of waste. Even a few dozen people couldn't hold it." Then, the young master of Tianxiong turned his head slightly and looked at the station. The middle-aged men around him said in the tone of the command: "What do you guys still do here? You don't get up to grab the kid and grab it. After I grab it back, I must let him go. Try the master's powerful, hey, who offend me, has never had a good end, even you are no exception." Tianxiong family master eyes flashed a cold look.The middle-aged men who were drunk by the young master of the Tianxiong family are the most powerful of the group. In their capacity, even in the Tianxiong family, they will be respected. Tianxiong The young master of the family did not cry for his face, and the brows of these middle-aged men were all wrinkled. Their eyes showed an unpleasant look.Several middle-aged men stared at each other, and one of them said: “This man’s age seems to be small, but his strength is very strong, and his avatar and speed are extremely fast. Sword, I am afraid that even if we match it up, it will be a bit of a hot hand, and his sword is not only incredibly fast but also fatal. Those who die in his hands are not punctured by the throat or are Throughout his chest and piercing heart, it can be seen that this man is not that simple. Now we are directly facing him. It is a very unwise choice, and maybe it will be hurt because of this. So, I think Ask some people to consume the power of his Holy Spirit. When the power of Holy Spirit in his body is consumed too much, we are in the hands of nature."Yes, I agree with this proposal."The words of the middle-aged man quickly gained the approval of several other people. Although this would increase the casualties of the Tianxiong family, these responsibilities could all be attributed to the young master of the Tianxiong family, and they had nothing to do with their guards. A second world leader who has never kept their eyes on them, they are not willing to sell their lives, as long as they can save themselves, even if these people brought today are dead.Next, a group of people entered the restaurant and killed the sword dust. This time, the strength of these people reached the stage of the great saints, compared with the previous group of people who had only the power of the saint, naturally. Must be stronger.The sword dust quickly battled with this group of people who had the power of the Holy One. Facing the siege of a group of great saints from all directions, the pressure of Jian Chen suddenly increased a lot, and it was not as calm as before.With the increasingly fierce fighting of the people, the entire restaurant has become completely different. On the surrounding walls, one hole has been shot and the whole restaurant is teetering.Outside the restaurant, there was a large crowd of people watching lively. There was a lot of discussion about the fighting inside the restaurant.Inside the restaurant.The light wind sword turned into a white awn, pierced into the chest of a saintly man at an extremely fast speed, pierced the heart, and then kicked the sword dust directly on the chest of the pilgrim. He kicked him out directly and threw out a big hole in the wall of the restaurant, which had become dilapidated, and flew out.The whole restaurant also followed with a fierce shake. The momentum of the swing was growing fiercer. In the end, it shook slightly and gave a slight "bang" sound.The Dust-swift body shook slightly, evaded the three sacred soldiers that had been cut, looked quickly at the swaying restaurant, and then he did not hesitate. He immediately jumped out of a hole that the man had just knocked out. Came to the street."Catch, don't let him run."At first sight, Jian Chen left the restaurant, and the young Master Tianxiong who stood in the distance immediately shouted.When the Tianxiong family's young voices just fell, the faces of several middle-aged men standing beside him changed slightly at the same time. Immediately one of them said, “Oh, the restaurant is going, and the escort is leaving!”Immediately afterwards, a middle-aged man reached out and grabbed the shoulder of the young master of the Tianxiong family and quickly shot outside the restaurant, while others did not move slowly.And just when several of them had just left the restaurant, they saw that the whole restaurant suddenly collapsed. Immediately afterwards, some people of the Tianxiong family who had not yet escaped were buried in it immediately.However, at this time, I saw a silvery light flashing away, and I was spurring at the speed of the young master of the Tianxiong family.