Chapter 231 Outbreak (1)After listening to the arrogant words of Jian Chen, the young master of the Tianxiong family could not help but laugh and watched with idiot-like eyes staring at the sword dust, disdainfully sneered: "It depends on you? Hey, that's good. I'm going to look at how you got out of the encirclement of so many people today and see if you have the ability to let these men and horses of the Tianxiong family hurt.” Among the 100 people brought by the younger generation of Tianxiong family, the light It was the Holy One who took up half of them, and the strong Master of the Sacred Teacher was more than a dozen people. He did not believe that one person alone could escape from the encirclement of so many of them.After the words were spoken, the family of Tianxiong did not want to continue to talk nonsense with Jian Chen. With a wave of his hand, he said, "Only let me grab him. This young master must educate and educate the arrogant boy."Several middle-aged men who stood beside the young master of the Tianxiong family looked at each other and then one of them sneered: “A boy in the district, why don't we have hands-on.” After that, I went back and pointed to the family of Tianxiong. On one side of the horse, with the tone of the command: "You several, go and grab the boy who is opposite to me."    "Yes!"The man named by the middle-aged man did not hesitate. He immediately walked out of the crowd and stopped at a distance of ten meters away from Jian Chen. The first person stared coldly at the sword dust and said coldly: "Boy, it's still awkward. Let's just go and squat, and we will try to save the family from suffering. Otherwise, I can guarantee you will be very painful."The sword dust stood high and stood upright. At this time, he looked like a sharp sharp sword, and the silver-white slender wind sword gradually appeared in the right hand and held the sword. The momentum of the whole person in the sword dust has also turned upside down.Seeing this action by Jian Chen, the people of the Tianxiong family have already understood his plans."Hands-on!"The person who spoke previously had a cold cry, and with his voice, several people who came to arrest the sword dust also took out their respective sacred soldiers and rushed toward the sword dust.Jian Chen's eyes revealed a slight disdain for the look, and the strength of several of them is still only in the holy state, this strength, even in the eyes of swordsman who can be killed by the Holy Master, is simply not enough to see.Just when those few people were close to the sword dust, the breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust suddenly turned into a vague illusion, and immediately sprang several swords at an extremely fast speed.At the same time, the people rushing to the sword dust stopped short and a faint trace of blood began to emerge in front of their throats. Finally, the red blood spewed from the throat like a fountain. In a flash, the clothes on the chest were dyed red. Finally, several people fell down at the same time.The middle-aged men who stood beside the young master of the Tianxiong family changed their faces at the same time. Several people saw each other's eyes and saw a dignified weight from the other person's eyes. However, they were sent out to investigate the details of the sword. It was completely the role of cannon fodder. There was nothing to be regretted when it was dead.However, when they saw the methods used by the few people in the sword dust to kill, they were all sinking in their hearts. Even at that moment, they could only capture a vague shadow, sword dust. Sword is fast, Rao is their eyesight, can only barely see clearly.The lightning-like shots of Jian Chen killed several people in the Tianxiong family. They immediately quelled people in the venue. Although the entire restaurant was already crowded with people of the Tianxiong family, it was quietly dropping a needle at the moment. On the ground, I'm afraid I can clearly hear the sound. A group of people in the Tianxiong family stared at Jian Chen with their eyes fixed. They did not even think that the sword dust was so old. In the face of so many people in the Tianxiong family, they not only seemed calm but also dared to be Tianxiong. The fact that so many people of the family have shot and killed them has indeed surprised many people and was surprised.In the ten years that Tianxiong family dominated the city of WACKER, although it had also collided with many foreign mercenary forces, it was like a sword dust and it was so pro-dangerous that they dared to fight with the Tianxiong family. Conflict, this is the first time in WACKER.Slightly hesitantly, the middle-aged man wearing a white robe that stood beside the young master of the Tianxiong family finally replied: “Lord, I don’t know where I’m from, and who the teacher is. Why do we have to fight against our Tianxiong family?”The sword dust has such a high strength at such a young age that many of the masters of the Tianxiong family have guessed that the back of the sword dust has gone. They are all worried that there is something powerful behind the sword dust that cannot be provoked. Otherwise, once the sword dust has been moved here today, it will bring great difficulties to the Tianxiong family. Perhaps the Tianxiong family, who had dominated for more than ten years in WACKER CITY, will be destroyed because of this. Not what they want to see.Although many of them are guards hired by the Tianxiong family at a high price, they are not people of the Tianxiong family, but the Tianxiong family does not treat them thinly, and they are in love for a long time. They stay in the Tianxiong family for a long time. There is a certain amount of emotion, so they do not want to bring Tianxiong family into a place of nowhere for a little bit of something.Jian Chen sneered, and he had past life memories of his experience is not worse than some of the old rivers and lakes, from the middle-aged men in this sentence, he has guessed what the Tianxiong family of people are jealous of what."I'm alone, wherever I come from, I don't need you to control it. As for who the teacher is, I'm sorry. I haven't appraised the teacher until now. Finally, it seems that your family will take the initiative to provoke me, and when. I became against you and the Tianxiong family." Jian Chen sneered.After listening to the words of Jian Chen, the middle-aged men suddenly breathed a sigh of relief. Then the person who spoke previously continued: "You are still talking with us back to the Tianxiong family, otherwise, once you are ready to move, We will not be able to keep our hands in the slightest. If there is a lack of arms and legs, then it is not good."After seeing the sword dust so effortlessly killing several people, the middle-aged men do not really want to follow the sword dust. Although they have the confidence to take down the sword dust, but the sword dust that lightning fast one The sword has made them quite jealous in their hearts. If they are injured in this way, they will lose out. Therefore, if they can take the sword dust back without effort, they are also very happy."Dream!" The sword dust sneered and his right arm was shaken. The breeze sword danced with a sword in front of him at an extremely fast speed. The sword tipped up to a group of people opposite him. The fierce Jianqi was fluctuating at the tip of the sword and cried: "Fewer nonsense, we must do it quickly."This challenge of sword dust made many people of the Tianxiong family face angry. The young master of the Tianxiong family had already waited impatiently and immediately waved and shouted: “What are you doing here? Don’t hurry to put him Give me a hold."Among the group of people, although the middle-aged men who stood beside the young master of the Tianxiong family had an unbeatable position, the backbone of this group of people was obviously the young master of the Tianxiong family, just after his voice fell and behind him. A group of people immediately rushed past.