Chapter 136 Hunting of the Tianxiong FamilyIn the midst of the air, the Jian Chen body smashed several mercenaries who were not weak by a lightning-fast approach. As a result, the scene suddenly stopped many people in the vicinity, and some mercenaries who had originally planned to stop the sword dust. After seeing that the sword dust still has such a powerful strength in the case of injury, they have given up their intentions.Although Tian Xiong’s family’s contemporary master’s sacred rewards make many people excited about it, but that reward must also be ordered to enjoy. If even the life is lost, even if there are heavy rewards, there is no Blessing enjoyment.After solving several mercenaries who stopped himself, Jian Chen did not pause for a moment, leaped in midair, and used his toes on the buildings on both sides of the street to constantly use his strength to quickly think of the nearer and farther wall in front of him. .After experiencing the previous scene, no mercenary dared to block the sword dust. Therefore, in the next short distance, Jian Chen could have been very smooth."If you can't escape, even if you fled to the ends of the earth, I will swear by you that I will also smash me."Roaring sounds came from behind again. Today's family leader of the Tianxiong family is riding on Warcraft, and is quickly rushing towards the sword dust. It is not difficult to hear from his slightly squeaky tone, Tian Xiongrui wants to kill. The determination of sword dust is how strong it is.The sword dust killed Tian Xiongkang. It was tantamount to putting Tianxionghee behind him. After all, Tian Xiongkang was his only son. Once he lost this son, he could no longer have the ability to bear fertility because of the state of the sky.For Tian Xionglie's full of savage roar, Jian Chen turned a deaf ear to him. He just rushed to the tall city wall of WACKER City. The clearer and clearer footsteps came from behind, let the sword dust understand and ride. With World of Warcraft, it is faster and faster than itself.Five kilometers, four kilometers, three kilometers...The sword dust is getting closer and closer to the city wall. At this moment, he is less than two kilometers away from the city wall of Wagram City. He has even seen the wide open city gate of WACKER. And behind him, riding Tian Xionglie of Warcraft, it is only one kilometer away from him, and is still rapidly close."Hador commanded, please close the gate and help me to stop the escape. I will be grateful for it."Tian Xionlie's grand voice, which seemed to shake the sky, came again from behind, and as soon as his voice had just begun to fall, the hugely open city gate of WACKER actually closed quickly.Seeing the gate of the city closed, the face of Jian Chen suddenly fell. His eyes quickly glanced over the wall that was 30 to 40 meters high in front of his eyes. Then he took a deep breath and the Holy Spirit in his body ran with full strength. Speed ​​did not help once again quickly on the three points, at this moment, sword dust has been learned in past life to play the limit to the limit, although his feet are doing a running action, but the entire tip of the Buddha is floating on the ground, every taxiing More than ten meters or even more than twenty meters away, his tiptoe will tap on the ground.Soon, the sword dust had already arrived in front of the city wall. Due to the fact that the city gate had been closed, a large group of people was quickly gathered in front of the city gate. Many of the rude mercenaries were cursing.There was no sign of stopping at the slightest stop in the forward strike of the sword dust. Immediately, he saw his feet slamming on the ground. The whole body flew over to the wall that was thirty or forty meters high, and finally passed forward. Power, feet on the wall continue to tap, and quickly climbed.This action by Jian Chen caused the attention of many people in front of the city gates. The current discussions are endless.With just two breathing times, Jian Chen climbed the forty-meter-high wall of the city very smoothly. His feet once again used a wall on a wall to cross over the wall of a soldier’s head. Shooting directly outside the city, he eventually jumped off from the 34-meter-high wall.Everything was very smooth. The sword dust did not suffer any obstacles while it was crossing the city wall. Even the soldiers who were guarding the city wall watched him fly from the wall and did not stop it.Just after the sword dust had just crossed the city wall, Tian Xionglie, who was still in hot pursuit behind the city, felt that he had jumped directly from the back of Warcraft on the back of his armpit. He also learned the rapid climbing of the sword dust. On the wall, continue to chase after the sword dust. After that, Warcraft may be because the body is too heavy and it is not good at jumping. In the sky, it is strange and it stays in place. It does not follow.Afterwards, more than a dozen middle-aged men rushed from behind and looked at the closed city gates. They immediately followed the city walls and chased after them in the direction of the sword dust. More than a dozen of them were The people of the Tianxiong family all have the strength of the sages."Open the gate!"Just a few people had just left the city and a strong voice was uploaded from the city wall. Immediately afterwards, the tightly shut gate opened slowly with a humming sound.On the wall, two middle-aged men stood, one of them wearing a white robe and the other wearing a black armor. At the moment, the middle-aged men both watched the pedestrians who were rapidly leaving the city.When the sword and dust disappeared into the line of sight, the middle-aged man dressed in armor watched the person wearing a white robe around and said, "Hatuo command, why not stop the man. ”The middle-aged man wearing a white robe smiled and said, "He killed Tian Xiongkang, the only son of Tian Xionglie. I am grateful that he still hasn't arrived yet. Why should we stop it?"Hearing that, the middle-aged man wearing a armor glimpsed a little, then seemed to think of something, his face could not help but reveal a trace of gloating smile.Outside the city, Jian Chen, who was running back, looked back and followed him. His face immediately became dignified. Although he did not play against Tian Xiong, he could feel himself. Absolutely not an opponent.Looking around in the open land, the galloping sword dust pondered the meeting. After a bite of teeth, the direction of advance suddenly changed, and he rushed to the mountains of Warcraft.In his mind, he also understood that in this open field, he could not shake off the Tianxiong Li after the chase. The only way now is to once again enter the Warcraft Mountains, with the help of the complex terrain of the Warcraft Mountains to shake off the sky. Hunting.Looking at the sword dust that is getting closer and closer to himself, Tianxiong Lie’s eyes suddenly became red, and the strong killings did not spread out in disguise. They exclaimed, “You cannot escape!”Jian Chen looked back and looked away from Tian Xionglie, who was only less than 500 meters away. According to this situation, I am afraid that when he is not yet in the Mountains of Warcraft, he will be overtaken by Tian Xionglie.The sword dust slightly hesitated, then fiercely bite his teeth, breeze sword suddenly emerged from the right hand, the next moment, the shape of the sword dust rushed suddenly stopped, and then actively rushed toward Tianxionglie."The Great Teacher, I would like to see how powerful it is."