Chapter 130 Trapped restaurantsLooking at this group of people under the restaurant, the face of Jian Chen suddenly became dignified. Since he saw the young master of the Tianxiong family standing in the crowd, he had already guessed in his mind. This group of people gathered early this morning. I am afraid it is because of myself.After all, they not only offended the young master of the Tianxiong family yesterday, but also killed three of their family's strong guards. In general, they had already formed an enmity with the Tianxiong family, after all, like WACKER CITY. In such a remote place, the senior sages are considered to be good players. Whether in the family of WACKER, the status of the senior sages is not too low.If a family loses a senior sages and two strong masters of the junior sages for no reason, if it does not find face, then the deterrence of the family in the market in the future will undoubtedly be reduced a lot. This is the future of the family. Development is crucial.Now the entire restaurant has been surrounded by the Tianxiong family. If you don’t know what you’re going to do, you’ll never know how to get away from here. It’s just as difficult to get up to the sky. In desperation, the sword dust has to leave the room and walk towards the gate under the restaurant. Even though the disaster has come, and the other party has more than a hundred people, some of whom are no exceptions. But from the face of Jian Chen’s face, they do not see the slightest panic and worried look. The demeanor on his face is still as usual. General calm.When Jian Chen walked down the stairs and came to the bottom of the restaurant, many people gathered here. At this time, it was during the peak hours of the morning meal. The table in the lobby of the restaurant was almost full of tableware and chopsticks. And a delicious dish of meat, but at those tables, no one sat there to enjoy the rich breakfast. Everyone stood up from his chair, slowly plunging toward the restaurant. At the entrance to the gate, his face was full of resentment.“This day the family is really fucking arrogant. I’ve eaten well here, but suddenly all of us are gone. You deal with your affairs and we do it. We eat our meal without hindering the you guys.""That is, this family of the day really thought that they were the first family in the city of WACKER. They could not be lawless here. It was only a small family in WACKER. They met the famous strongmen on the Tianyuan mainland. I'm afraid that gently extending a finger can destroy them."The vast majority of meals in the restaurant were mercenaries. Some grumpy and merciful mercenaries complained, but the voice was very small. The Buddha was whispering but none of them dared. Speaking out loud, despite this, the mercenaries themselves have a certain amount of strength and it is still clear to those who murmured.And those businessmen in the restaurant, a large number of people did not dare to reveal a half dissatisfied look, and slyly left the seat and rushed to the restaurant, leaving only a trace of those who have a certain strength to show a trace of the face The careless look, but they are almost all foreigners. Although many of them are not afraid of the Tianxiong family, but the strong dragons do not suppress the ground snakes. For this trivial thing, they obviously will not be for no reason to open the Tianxiong. The family provoked some unnecessary trouble for themselves, so they also got up and left the restaurant.At the entrance of the restaurant, four middle-aged men dressed in white robes guarded. Four middle-aged men looked like electricity. Their fierce eyes glanced at those who came out of the restaurant, although they were similar. I heard some mercenaries' dissatisfaction with the Tianxiong family and the curse of the Tianxiong family, but they did not dare to say a word, as if they hadn’t heard at all. The mercenaries in the restaurant were all foreigners. Many people are backed by more or less certain forces, or members of certain mercenary groups. Although the Tianxiong family dominates in WACKER, they do not want to offend too much of the outside forces, because some powerful forces are strong. Even the Tianxiong family is invulnerable.Soon after, the guests in the restaurant had already finished their walk. A huge restaurant had left only a few shops and stood on the side of it. It was overwhelmed, and the treasurer of the restaurant also stood sullenly and looked at the blink of an eye. Between the empty restaurant, there was an unspeakable heartache between the looks. This was a big income.At this moment, besides the treasurer and store Xiao Er in the entire restaurant, only the sword dust stays inside. Even the guests who are resting in the upstairs room are under the oppression of the Tianxiong family and allow the store to treat them. All went out.Jian Chen looked leisurely on a stool and stared at the Tianxiong family who were still waiting outside. The look between them was relaxed. Although the sword dust on the surface seemed to be a careless attitude, The entire person was already vigilant. After all, this time it was bad, and he clearly noticed that among these people coming here, there were a lot of powerful masters.At this time, the young master of the Tianxiong family that the sword dust met in the forest outside of the Warcraft Mountains yesterday was like a star, holding a moon, and striding out of the restaurant under the support of a large group of people. He just entered the restaurant. The sight of the young master of the Tianxiong family fell on a sword dust that was sitting on a stool with a faint smile on his face. In his eyes, a gloomy eye flashed."Boy, I didn't think about it. You also have today. Yesterday, you let enough of your scenery. Today, let me take it back with you." The young master of the Tianxiong family smirked at the sword dust. If you are afraid of it, you will regret it."With the young people, the fierce look of the Tianxiong family standing behind him has also been thrown at Jian Chen.The disdain of the sword dust whispered, and his eyes slowly swept past the people who stood behind the young master of the Tianxiong family. “Do you think that these few people can scare me and you are too confident? Let me know."The young master of Tianxiong sneered: "You are even more arrogant than I thought, but I have to admire you when you talk about the big things. At this moment, you don't actually excuse yourself or kneel down to ask for mercy. Do you think that in front of so many masters of our Tianxiong family, are you still able to escape today? Moreover, I can bring a full 100 people this time.” The young master of the Tianxiong family is extremely confident. In his opinion, today seems to have eaten like a sword.Hearing these words, Jian Chen’s face could not help but smile a little. Now he suddenly realized that talking with this unfamiliar deaf child is also a very interesting thing."Then you believe it or not, today I can not only leave, but also allow you to damage the soldiers." Jian Chen's tone gradually lowered.