Chapter Thirteen New Students Competition ()Wen Yan, Jian Chen slightly moved, and asked: "Brother, third-order magic nucleus is very precious?" Although the sword dust knows the magic nucleus, but for the price of the magic nucleus is very confused."Of course, the third-order magic nucleus is the price for selling a hundred amethyst coins. I haven't used a third-order magic nucleus since I came to the college for four years. I have only used second-order magic nucleus. The magic nucleus, but also took me fifty amethyst coins to buy." As soon as this, Changyang tiger's face reveals a trace of heartache look.Jian Chen in the mind slightly calculated, and soon decided to tomorrow's new contest, must try to get that third-order magic nuclei, although Jian Chen has not used the third-order magic nuclei, but he also knows that can pass Absorbing the energy inside the magic nucleus and practicing it is faster than absorbing the vitality of the world. It is not known how many times. Once this third-order magic nucleus is found, he believes that he will soon reach the tenth layer of the Holy Power.After the darkening of the day's color, Jian Chen, after Changyang Tiger's lead to the school cafeteria after dinner, separated the two talents and each walked toward his dormitory.When he returned to his dorm room, Jian Chen shut the door and sat down on the bed and was about to begin practicing. Suddenly a knock knocked through the door. Hearing a knock at the door, the sword looked puzzled at the direction of the door, and then he got out of bed and walked to the door to open the door.Outside the door is a woman about 30 years old, dressed in a long green dress. Although she is not considered as a country of great national glory, she is also quite beautiful, with a dark green hair draped over her shoulders. Gives a feeling of floating."Is there something?" The woman looked puzzled and asked through the sword dust."You are the only freshman to enter the College of Calgas. Tomorrow the college will host a new contest. All new students must attend. Remember not to miss." The woman looked indifferently at Jian Chen and said coldly."Well, I know. Anything else?" The sword dust said."No more!" To leave the sentence, the woman turned and left and walked toward the next room. It seemed that she wanted to inform other students one by one.After closing the door, Jian Chen sat down on the bed again and quickly entered the state of cultivation.The next morning, Jian Chen ended his night's cultivation and left the room alone. He came to the cafeteria according to yesterday's memory. He took breakfast and found an empty table to eat. Now that the time is too early, there are not many people in the canteen and there are empty places everywhere.After breakfast, Jian Chen walked directly toward the playground in the middle of the school. It was held there today.Along the way, Jian Chen discovered that many students all walked toward the playground in the center of the school like himself. Since the old students are all dressed in school unified uniforms, the sword dust can recognize that most of them are freshmen. There are not many old students, and perhaps some old students are not interested in the new contest.When the sword dust approached the playground, it was far from seeing that five contestable platforms with a diameter of 30 meters were built on the playground. Many people gathered around Berutai.Jian Chen came in front of a big tree 100 meters away from the martial arts field. When there was a distance of five meters from the big tree, he suddenly swept forward, and then he took advantage of the strength of the tree trunk with his feet. On a tree trunk that leaps up to five meters high, and leisurely sitting on the trunk and cooling off, it is still too early, and there is still no time for the contest. Therefore, the sword dust is not in such a hurry that it ran so early. The condensate is in the sun.Time passed in a hurry, and soon the time for the contest to arrive was reached. At this time, there were about a thousand students gathered around the martial arts field. Apart from only a small number of old students wearing school uniforms, the rest were all. All new students.However, from the clothes worn by the group of newborns, Jian Chen can see that among them, there are more than nine layers of civilians born. They wear rough clothes made from simple fabrics, and some people even have clothes on them. There are several patches, not only because the base of the number of civilians in the kingdom of Gerson is greater than the number of nobles, but more importantly, most of the children living in poor places can endure hardships and patience, and the power to sanctify the Holy Spirit is greater than that of some large families. The disciples in the middle school have to work hard, so most of the students who can enter the College of Kargas are civilians.In addition to these, Jian Chen discovered that among the new students, the youngest people were almost all in the age of sixteen or seventeen, and even ten-year-olds. After all, like the sword dust, the age of fifteen reached eight powers. People are rare, so among the new students enrolled this year, I am afraid that only the age of sword dust is the smallest. Despite this, the physical development of Jian Chen is far beyond ordinary people. Although it is only 15 years old, it looks more like a 16-year-old boy.Jian Chen jumped down from the five-meter-high tree trunk and fell lightly on the ground. He walked toward the direction of Bebitai. When he came to the periphery of the crowd, Jian Chen did not continue to squeeze it inside. Standing outside quietly, for a contest held by a group of children, the sword dust cannot be of interest. It does not matter if you do not look at it. The reason why he participated in the freshman contest was nothing more than the magic of the third-order nuclear weapon. ."We're quiet!"Suddenly, an unusually loud sound came suddenly and the sound was very loud. It spread across the entire playground and heard the sound. The surrounding students suddenly fell silent one by one. In a flash, the entire playground became silent. Up.Then, I saw a middle-aged man in a white-fits-all outfit stepping onto a martial arts court in the middle of the center. The middle-aged man was ordinary and inconspicuous, but his eyes were devastated, as if it were a The magic weapon is like a weapon, but people do not dare to look directly at it.The middle-aged man looked around for a week and smiled with a gentle smile on his face. He said in a warm and happy tone: “Dear students, I’m Bai Yun, vice president of Cargas College. Today’s freshman contest is hosted by me personally. As for the contest. The rules are presumably to be seen on the bulletin board in front of the school. I will not say much more. The prizes for this new student contest are the same as usual. The first newcomer is still a third-order magic nucleus. Rewards, second place is a second-order magic nucleus as a reward, and third place is a third-order magic nucleus reward. In addition to these, any student who can enter the top fifty can get an amethyst coin. Rewards."When the last reward was heard, all the newcomers wearing civilian clothes cheered loudly. The daily expenses of civilian families such as theirs were not great, and they ate thick and light meals. A gold coin was almost enough for them. The family of three maintains a month’s living expenses, and an amethyst coin is equivalent to one hundred gold coins, which is almost enough for their family of three living expenses for nearly ten years. Although the magic nucleus is more precious, they simply do not dare to expect it. After all, there are only three places in the magic nucleus, but there are fifty places in the amethyst currency.At this moment, almost all the students with relatively poor family conditions couldn't help but feel the enthusiasm boiled up, and they all secretly vowed that in order for this piece of amethyst coins, we must work hard to enter the top 50.Looking at the expressions on the faces of these civilian students, some aristocratic disciples have a disdainful look in their eyes. Although the number of amethyst coins is not small in the eyes of some civilians, among these children living in aristocratic families, it is fundamental. It's nothing, and the sword dust carries almost fifty amethyst coins.The freshman contest began soon, and the students selected lots by lot. The sign was packed in a big tube and was covered by a piece of paper. The number inside was not visible at all.There are two large jars, one of which is selected by the students who reach the 8th floor by Holy Power, and the other is selected by the students who reach the 9th floor by Holy Power. Some students who had met with the power of the Holy Spirit who had met with the sacred power of the Holy Spirit were prevented. If this is true, then there is almost no doubt about the outcome.Although the minimum standard of admission for the College of Kargas is the strength of the Holy Spirit on the eighth floor, among the new students enrolled in the school each year, there is no shortage of freshmen with some talents in cultivation, or some aristocratic families are cultivated with some heavenly treasures. People, so almost every year will have the power to reach the ninth floor of freshmen.The lottery ceremony proceeded quickly. It quickly arrived at the sword dust and looked at the few signs in the big jar. The sword dust randomly selected one and then took it in the distance to open the seal above. I only read the words "No.64, Taiwan, No.64".Looking at this number, Ling Tian has already made it clear that his opponent will be someone who has the No. 136 sign of No. 3 ring because the opponent of this match is the sum of the two numbers above. Two hundred figures are counted.After the signing, all the mathematicians quietly walked in front of their upcoming competition, and the sword dust also arrived not far from the fall of the third.The schedule was very fast. The first round of the game took only half a day to complete. Since the opponent is only a child who will not have any martial arts skills, the sword dust has entered the second round very easily.After lunch, the freshman contest continued, but this time the participants were altogether less than half. There were about 500 people in total.The second round is still exactly the same as the first round. It was decided by drawing lots. Because the number of participants is less than half, the second round only took four hours to finish, and when the second round ended, the second round took place. There are only 256 left in the population. According to this figure, the following draw can be carried out smoothly and there will not be more than one incident.Immediately afterwards, the third round of drawing ceremony was held. After the draw was completed, the contest was immediately conducted and finally it was finished in the evening. At the same time, 128 people were successfully promoted, including the sword dust.After leaving the martial arts field, the sky had darkened. Jian Chen touched the stomach that had been protesting. He shook his head helplessly. In his previous life, he wouldn’t feel hungry even if he had not eaten for days and nights. Now If three meals a day do not eat, they will feel hungry, which makes the sword dust feel quite helpless.Soon the sword dust came to the cafeteria of the college. After he had picked up his own things, he found himself sitting in an empty place in the lobby and began to savor. Although the food was simple, he could not have thought of Changyang. Still eaten with relish.Now that the new-generation contest has just ended, the number of people in the canteen is not much less than usual at this moment, and it is still very much. Not long after sitting in the sword dust, the seats in the canteen have been completely occupied, and there are still many people. Can not find an empty location, although the sword dust sitting alone on a table, but no one dared to sit with the sword dust, because all of them are some of the civilians' children, where the courage and sword dust name Wearing luxurious costumes, one can see that the noble children of the birth are sitting together.