Chapter 143 Tian Xiong LieFound that Jian Chen wanted to run away, the remaining members of the Holy Master immediately shouted: "Stop him. Please don't let him run."The guards of the Tianxiong family who waited in the immediate surroundings swarmed and swarmed forward. One by one, who was not afraid of death, stopped in front of the sword. The sacred soldiers rushed out and rushed toward the sword dust, even though they knew the strength of the sword dust. Very powerful, but these guards are still fearless.In the eyes of the sword dust, Li Mang flashed, and his footsteps changed slightly. The body of the forward punch suddenly shifted to the side a little distance away from the front and saw several sacred soldiers. Then the right arm was shaken, and he shot with all his strength. The wind sword was swept around by him as he danced into a shadow, and suddenly the guards standing in front of him fell to the ground one by one. This group of escorts, whose strength is universally in the stage of the Holy and the Holy One, can stop the step of sword dust. Although the sword dust has been injured and the combat effectiveness has dropped a lot, if he is fully committed, the guards are still vulnerable.After lightningly killing dozens of guards blocking himself in front of him, Jian Chen did not hesitate to exercise his aggression. His body flew like a ghostly man and quickly fled toward the outside.While the lively mercenaries outside the crowd saw Jian Chen rush out from the inside, one by one, very knowledgeable and hurriedly set aside the road, put the Buddha in fear of blocking the road to sword dust, and he would also face the Tianxiong family. The group of escorts's quasi-surrounded place is for a person who is strong and strong enough to kill the other two senior sages under the siege of several sages, and is not afraid of the family of Tianxiong, who is just right to kill the young master of the Tianxiong family. This group of mercenaries could not arbitrarily invite. Even in the hearts of many crowds of people, Jian Chen has been regarded as a strong man with the strength of the Great Teacher. Such figures can only be found in large-scale mercenary groups with a certain size.The speed of the sword dust was very fast. At a blink of an eye, it crossed the distance of more than 30 meters and came to the periphery of the crowded mercenaries. At this time, because of the time being too short, the crowds of people were too late to leave. Enough access to the outside.As soon as the sword dust was close to the crowd of people watching him, all of a sudden, with his feet on the ground, the whole body flew in volley. His feet were running in the air, and he flew over a distance of more than ten meters. , And then the body was as light as a feather fell on the ground, and then the speed continued to rush forward."Chasing! Chasing! Fast chase! Must not let him run away.""Catch up quickly!""He wanted to escape the city and immediately sent someone to guard the city and close the gate."There came the rush of anger among the middle-aged men. Then, the subtle sound of broken voice came from behind. Several middle-aged men who had reached the strength of the sages were also followed by the crowd leaping out of the crowd, toward the sword dust. Chased up. Several people's speed is very fast and they disappear into the streets. Behind them, a group of Tianxiong family guards who have the power of the Holy One and the Holy One are quickly following the middle-aged men who have disappeared into the streets.    "Roar!"Just a few of them didn't go long, and when the roar of Warcraft suddenly came from behind, the sound just fell. The whole street began to tremble slightly, and a slight earthquake struck the Buddha.Those mercenaries who were watching the liveliness of the dispersal of the mercenary quickly opened up a road and saw only one body of Warcraft, which came from behind, running in. On the back of Warcraft, he was riding a burly middle-aged man. The man, a middle-aged man wearing a white gown embroidered with gold thread, looks from his appearance, his age is estimated to have approached fifty, and that look of seriousness adds a bit of dignity to him. , The pair of deep black eyes, sometimes cold and cold Hanmang, so that some of the lower-powered mercenaries, are afraid to look at them.In remote locations such as WACKER, people who have the ability to ride Warcraft are rare, but there is one thing that can be determined. Those who can ride a World of Warcraft are not good masters of their own strength. They are people who are born rich families. Because, in the Tianyuan mainland, almost only these two kinds of talent have the ability to be a horse.After the middle-aged man riding on Warcraft, still followed by a small team of about 50 people, standing neatly, everyone is a look of seriousness, but it looks like a well-trained The army.Since the appearance of this middle-aged man riding a Warcraft, everyone's eyes have suddenly focused on him. The entire site has been immersed in a silence, but immediately, the voice of “嗡嗡” comes from those onlookers’ mercenaries. Out of the mouth."Isn't Tianxiong, the contemporary owner of the Tianxiong family now? I didn't think he came so soon.""It is said that the Tianxiong family is not only the largest family in WACKER, but also the current owner and a powerful player with superb strength. The strength has reached the realm of the middle-level Master, and he also possesses the special attributes of defensive properties. In the entire city of WACKER, there are hardly any opponents of Tian Xionglie, the current head of the Tianxiong family."“The young master of the Tianxiong family, but Tianxionglie, after decades of hard work, it was extremely difficult for a son to be born. It was extremely difficult for him to be brought up in the palm of his hand. Knowing how fervent the day after the hero knew that his son had been killed, it was the only incense inherited by the Tianxiong family.....”The fierce eyes on the back of Warcraft were swept across the guards of the Tianxiong family lying on the ground. The eyes of the guardians of the Tianxiong family gradually emerged. However, his eyes fell on him. When he was lying on the ground and wearing a white robe, his face suddenly changed. Even his breath was stagnant, and his face was an incredible look."Kang Er!" Tian Xionglie whispered in a low voice and his voice trembled. Then he leapt from the back of Warcraft and fell steadily to the front of the youth. He stared at his eyes and stared at him. The pale, familiar face of the young man is not familiar, but in his eyes, there is an incredible look."Kang Er!" Tian Xionglie issued a cry of sadness. His trembling hands fell on the shoulders of the young people and felt the cold sensation from the body. At this moment, TianXiong's heart shattered. Experience Rich in him, he immediately judged that the person in front of him was already dead and dead."Kang children! Kang children!"Heavenly and screaming voices continued to grieve. The sound was choked. Immediately, two lines of tears cleared the eyes of the middle-aged man and slowly fell down his fortitude. Then he fell to the ground and fell. .Tian Xiongkang was the only son of Tianxiong Lie because his early body had dark wounds, causing him to lose almost completely in his function of bearing children. This son, he was looking forward and looking forward to it for decades. After hard work, it was only after birth that Tian Xiongkang was treated as a heartfelt baby by Tianxiong Lie. He was greatly favored from childhood to childhood, but at this moment, Tian Xionglie was born. A son, but also his only son, Tian Xiongkang, was actually killed by people. This psychological impact on Tianxiong is difficult to describe in words.Although Tian Xiongkang looks like he is only 40 or 50 years old, because of the long lifespan of Tianyuan people and the fact that he had been practicing the Holy Power since childhood, it seems that he is only 50 years old and he has actually reached the age of 70. Old age, with his current age, and with the early injuries left on the body, it is impossible to have the ability to have children."Who killed me Kangla in the end? Whoever he is, I will tear him down."