Chapter 139 KillingWhen the middle-aged man holding the token walked, Tian Xionglie waved his hand and said: "Give me a close look and observe the traces around you to find out where he is going."After the loss of the trail of sword dust, Tian Xionglie and his party began to search only according to the traces left by the sword dust. The difficulty level has increased a lot.In the dense jungle outside of the Mountain of Warcraft, the sword dust is pale and sits under a big tree. He carefully picks up the gravels that have been injected into his body with the tip of the light wind sword. Out of it, the bright red blood has completely finished the blood red on his clothes.When the light wind sword's sharp sword tip pierced into the flesh, the heart of a strand of stock that came in was painful like a wave. It constantly hit the nerves of the sword and dust again and again. The painful sword dust was full of foreheads. A fine layer of sweat.When the last gravel in the body was pulled out of the body, the sword dust finally made a slight buzz. The whole body was unable to lean on the stout trunk behind it, breathing heavily.After a short rest, Jian Chen listened attentively to the movements in the following four weeks. After confirming his safety, he sat cross-legged and knees and sat down. Then, a faint layer of white brilliance suddenly emerged, wrapping the true body of sword dust in it, and, The white brilliance became more and more intense. After a few breaths, a dazzling milky glow had formed. The whole body of the sword dust was submerged by this milky white light. From the outside, only a faint figure could be seen. .Milky light lasted for half an hour before it gradually dispersed. When the light dissipated, the figure of Jian Chen reappeared. However, at this moment, the paleness on his face disappeared and became normal again. The color of the skin, and the wounds on him, have completely disappeared. The original wounded area did not even have a scar.Jian Chen did not wake up and continued to sit cross-legged on the ground to restore the power of the Holy Spirit. The previous repeated battles and subsequent full-scale escapes have consumed his Holy Power. His Holy Spirit is now The force is almost exhausted. In this world of warcraft-infested World of Warcraft, there are still a few people who will find themselves at any time. He only has to maintain his full state, and he may face it at any time. Possible dangers.Time passed unknowingly and quickly, and it was already three hours before the sword dust sank on the ground and restored the power of the Holy Spirit. During this time, his body did not move and did not even lift his eyelids. In the old days, they have completely lost their perception of the outside world.At this moment, the big tree pair behind the sword dust, a body with a foot thickness of the python snake tongue letter to quietly approaching the sword dust close, that stout body winding on the trunk constantly sliding, soon to come In front of the sword dust, the small and delicate head slightly compared to the body and the body slowly thought of the sword dust and extended it.As soon as the snakehead was only less than a foot away from the sword dust, suddenly the sword dust sitting cross-legged on the ground suddenly opened his eyes. As a cold flash passed, the silver-white breeze sword instantly appeared in the right hand. In the midst of it, a fuzzy sword shadow suddenly punctured at lightning speed."Oh!"The breeze sword's sharp sharp point is exactly the seven inches of the locust's snake. The sharp sword air contained in the sword instantly twists the heart of the snake into smash.The sword dust did not look at the snake and took back the light wind sword. Then he sat cross-legged and sat down under the tree and closed his eyes and continued to recover. Although he looks as if he is a veteran, but the sword dust has always been vigilant about the surrounding environment, in the Warcraft Mountains where the Warcraft haunted at any time, the sword dust can not forget to invest in restoring the power of the Holy Spirit go with.The python, with a body length of four or five feet long, could no longer cling to the tree trunk. The whole body fell out of power and fell to the ground and made a loud noise. It struck a bit and it did not move. .So after two more hours, Jian Chen finally slowly opened his eyes, then stood up from the ground, took out a new set of clothes from the space belt, and then looked to see a dark, soon The sky was dark, and I thought about it. Then I left here.Jian Chen carefully wandered around and looked for the Tianxiong family. At this time, he had recovered seriously. He even recovered the power of the Holy Spirit in the body. With the complicated terrain of the Warcraft Mountains, sword dust has Self-confidence, even if you meet again and again, you can easily retreat, and you are no longer as embarrassed as before.At this moment, a few voices passed from the front, heard the sound, and the dust in the sword dust moved around and observed Fan. Then he jumped and jumped silently into a big tree, hiding there. The luxuriant branch looks like she is on a walk, but I don't take her task seriously.Just a few people had just reached the top of a big tree. Suddenly, the upper leaves swayed and a figure came out of it. They held a long, silver-white slender sword straight to one of them."Oh!"Just when a few people just lifted their heads, the sword pierced straight into the eyebrows of a person from above.“Everyone is careful, someone is attacking....” A quick-reacting person immediately shouted. However, as soon as his words were not finished, the silvery long sword would be transformed into a fuzzy sword shadow. The speed at his feet penetrated his throat.