Chapter 146 Advanced SagesThe sword dust counts down the magic nucleus found from the Panthers’ mercenary regiment. Among the hundreds of magic nucleus, most of them are third-order magic nucleus. The rest are all second-order magic nucleus, and light from the magic nucleus. In terms of quantity, it can be seen that these members of the Black Leopard’s mercenary team have not experienced a short period of time before they could easily collect it.Unfortunately, because of their greed, many people have died in the hands of swords and dusts, and they have experienced how many times they have collected the magic nucleus with World of Warcraft. They finally fell into the hands of sword dust. Previously, their hard work was almost entirely for others.The sword dust feels comfortable and brings all of the hundreds of magic nuclei into its own space belt. Although he himself has at least twenty or thirty pieces of magic nuclei hunted for one day, the hundreds of magic nuclei are still for him. A large sum of money, this can maintain his cultivation for several days.“I really hope that the mercenary can complete the task that I gave him. A reward of ten thousand purple coins is not a small number. There must be a lot of mercenaries for it.” said Jian Chen muttering to himself. Then, with a smile of expectation on his face, he said, "I hope that the magic nucleus in their bag will not be too small. This will be a big gain. It is a man-made financial death, and the bird is a food and death. Since you can't help it, The temptation to deal with me, then do not blame me jealous." Behind the scene, a dash of murderous death in the eyes of the sword dust fleeting."In the past two days, I must hurry up and improve my own strength. Otherwise, once I encounter a team that is too strong, I won't be captured by them. But to deal with it, it is also a very difficult task. We must guard against the masters of the Grand Master class, and with my current strength, it is no problem to deal with the Senior Master. But once I meet the master of the Great Master, it can be very hot and I can't manage to escape. ”“Although in the small three-tier cities like WACKER, the masters of the Great Divine class are very rare, but they are not absent. They are only rare and rare. No one can guarantee that there will be any masters of the Great Master class. Can not resist the temptation of a million amethyst coins to deal with their own, it seems that these days have to upgrade their strength to the Holy Master as soon as possible, so even if the encounter with the Master of the Master, but also have the power of one battle.”After thinking about his mind, he decided not to continue hunting World of Warcraft. Before coming to a nearby hill, he crossed a piece of thorns and came to a mountain wall. The wall was full of weeds. .Before the sword dust came to the wall, he gently pushed a deep weed, exposing a dark mountain pass that was inadvertently discovered two days before the sword dust.Jian Chen took out some of the raw materials from the space belt and made a simple torch that ignited the fire and walked toward the cave. The passage of the cave is very narrow and can only accommodate one person. The ground is uneven. It can be clearly seen from the various traces on the cave wall that the cave was created by artificial excavation.After about thirty meters of distance along the slightly crooked passage, Jian Chen finally reached the end of the cave. At the end of the cave is a huge space with a radius of ten meters and a height of three meters. The ground is very flat, on one side. There is also a stone table with a square meter and a stone bench.When the cave was found in the first two days, it was clear in the heart of the sword dust that someone had spent time in this cave and it looked like it was not a short time, but it was a thick layer of dust that had accumulated from the ground. Look, obviously it has been here for a long time.Jian Chen checked the cave and confirmed safety before inserting the torch on the wall. He sat cross-legged in the middle of the hole and started to cultivate several second-order magic nuclei. It is definitely safer than the outside to practice in this hidden cave, so that the sword dust can also be devoted to practicing cultivation.In the past few days, he still has a lot of inventory of the magical nucleus that World of Warcraft has hunted in Warcraft, plus hundreds of magic nuclei that have just been found in members of the Black Panzer Corps of Mercenaries. The magic core is enough to support him practicing for a month. Therefore, at present, Jian Chen is not worried about the shortage of magic nucleus.The energy in the magic nucleus is continuously absorbed into the body with a very terrible speed. The intense energy is collected around the body of the sword dust. Gradually, a group of extremely faint light has gradually formed. Because of the purple, green, and black photoelectricity, the dust absorbed by the sword dust has been hundreds of times the normal speed, but almost all of these energies have been plundered by the purple, green, and blue light spots in Dantian. Only a small part can be absorbed, but despite this, the cultivation speed of sword dust is also much faster than usual.In Dan Tianzhong of Jian Chen, the powerful Holy Power forms a fuzzy shape of a “sword” suspended there. This sword is somewhat similar to the light wind sword used in sword dust, but it is very vague and even the hilt can only be Faintly see a rough shape. As the energy in the magic nucleus is continuously absorbed by the sword dust, the “sword” formed by the sacred forces of his group Dan Tianzhong is also congealing at a very slow pace. The energy contained in it is also The speed that is visible to the naked eye grows rapidly."According to this speed, if you want to achieve the strength of the sages, it is estimated that it will take at least ten days and a half months. No, this is too slow." Jian Chen frowned slightly, and he was one of the purple and green ones in Dantian. The energy plundered by Daoguang spot is too much, making Jian Chen all feel a bit dissatisfied."Try can not snatch energy with it." Suddenly, the sword dust a heart, immediately immediately calmed down, and began to snatch the energy of the two points of purple and green light in Dantianzhong, but Dantianzhong one purple and one green two The weak light of the Tao absorbs energy very quickly. The sword dust is under full power and can only snatch a little energy.In spite of this, Jian Chen also feels contented, because this small amount of energy will enable him to increase his cultivation speed by one-tenth. If he continues to maintain this speed, then he will be promoted to the Holy Master. Not a few days.In the cave, sword dust sank into the cultivation state, but in the city of WACKER outside the Mountain of Warcraft, it became lively again because of one thing.A message came out of the mouth of a mercenary. Although this news did not know whether it was true or false, it allowed many mercenary groups and some forces that were not weak to self-defense.Those who were arrested by the Tianxiong family for rewarding 10,000 amethyst coins actually appeared in the Warcraft Mountains, and they were still alone. They were already seriously injured and their strength dropped.This news that the real situation can't be verified has caused many mercenary regiments to leave the World of Warcraft Mountain Range. They are holding their own beliefs and are not reliable. After all, ten thousand amethyst coins are not a small number. The goal is still a youth younger than 20 years old. In the eyes of many people, this is a very simple task. The only trouble is that people are very hard to find.Now that the target mission has emerged, few people can resist the temptation of tens of thousands of amethyst coins. Although many of them know that the target’s strength is not weak, the powerful Tianxiong family are A big loss was eaten, but they are still fearless.In just a few days, the sword dust in the mountains of Warcraft, and has been seriously injured in the matter has been passed around several cities in the city of WACKER, so there are many other mercenary groups and local forces in other regions In the city of Wak, more and more mercenaries have gathered in the city of Wak.Seeing that things have developed to such an extent, some lonesome people who are quite confident in their own strength, but also try their luck and lively attitude also followed the entry into the Warcraft Mountains, many of whom are holding the idea of ​​fish in troubled waters .Seven days passed in the blink of an eye, and in a cave in the mountains of Warcraft, the sword dust still sat cross-legged on the ground to absorb the energy of the magic nucleus. The torch that had been inserted on the wall had already gone out, and the whole cave was dark. Can't reach out.In the past few days, sword dust seems to have completely sank into the thrill of cultivation. With the constant strengthening of the Holy Power within the body, Jian Chen clearly feels that his strength is also growing rapidly. In the past few days, the sword Dust has been sitting on the ground and has not been moved before. It is just a matter of exchanging magic nucleus. When the magic nucleus is released, it enters the cultivation state again.For a few days, the sword dust did not eat, nor did he drink water. He fell into the cultivation state as if he could not feel hunger and feel thirst.In the past few days, the magic nucleus in the Dust Dust space belt has been used for one-third of the time. Around his body, the powder of the magic nucleus has formed a thin layer of dust, and even many of them have fallen on his knees. And sit on the legs.