Chapter 143 Tortoiseshell Beast"Oh!" Suddenly, the sword dust rinsing in the river water made a buzzing sound and stared at his own body. After the body's layer of dirt was completely cleaned up by the sweat, the dirt was cleared. I was also surprised to find that my entire body skin became dark red and completely different from the usual skin tone."What is going on here is how my body will become so red." In the dust of the sword, he suddenly frowned, but then seemed to think of something. His face looked a little loose and he could not help but reveal a hint of it. Smiling, muttering with a bit of excitement, "According to what is written on the book, it seems that the anti-viral agents of the gold thread snake have completely merged with the blood in their bodies. Well, I did not expect that this step actually took a month. Next, the blood that is a combination of the gold thread snake antiviral agent flows through the body, and it will continue to reshape its own body and make its own At the same time, they are all transformed into powerful anti-toxic ones. Only in this way can they be regarded as complete and non-invasive.""Once you have developed a complete body of poison and non-invasion, the regenerated blood in your own body will naturally bring with you a strong anti-toxicity factor. You will no longer have to worry about excessive loss of blood and loss of resistance to toxins. ”Jian Chen carefully felt his own body and found that his body's color except the surface of the skin became dark red, and did not feel the slightest difference, everything, with the past is generally the same.Jian Chen jumped up from the river, his feet fell firmly on the banks of the river, and he took up the simple clothes made of hides and put them on his body. Since it was decided to increase his strength in the Warcraft Mountains to the sages leaving, the sword dust could not abandon this shabby clothes. Last time, due to lack of time, he returned to WACKER and did not prepare many sets of new ones. Clothes, in this World of Warcraft, he would not be willing to consume the few clothes in his space belt, because in this complex jungle environment, there are thorns in the thorns, plus and Warcraft. Between the battles, if you accidentally you will be injured, so that the loss of clothes is very fast, even if he has more clothes, they can not afford such consumption.Next, the sword dust continued to penetrate the area of ​​Warcraft, came to the third-order World of Warcraft area, and then stay here, it is several days.In the past few days, JianDian, like its past, has been wandering around during the day to search for the trail of Warcraft, and to use the magic core harvested during the day to cultivate. However, due to the lack of protection against mosquitoes, almost every sword dust is caused. One night was tortured and harassed by countless poisonous mosquitoes. Almost every day during the day, as long as the body of the sword dust wasn't covered, it would be bitten by a poisonous mosquito. Now that there is an initial body of poison that does not invade, there is no need to worry about being poisoned by poisonous mosquito bites. In addition to the fact that he was able to control the brightness of the Holy Power, those who remain on the body, as long as they are treated by the Light Holy Power, immediately disappear invisible.After these days of cultivation, the strength of the sword dust has reached the stage of the senior pilgrim, plus he is fighting with the third-order World of Warcraft every day, so that he has already exquisite swordsmanship, actually once again get The refinement of swordsmanship is even more advanced, and with the increase in strength, the strength of Jianqi’s flesh is also slowly increasing. Although it is still far from the point where it is invulnerable, he is quick to show his sword. Undoubtedly, it provides a very good carrier. After all, if you want to be fast enough, your physical requirements will be very high. If the body is not strong enough, I am afraid it will only be a full blow and you will feel pain in the arm and blood. The feeling of poor flow, and if you keep punching fast, even a physically fit person will not support how long the arm will become sore. But the sword dust can maintain that lightning-fast sword speed for a long period of time. The greatest credit is the mysteriousness of his practice tactics, the Purple Youth Sword Code, especially the first layer of the Purple Youth Sword. "Sculption" does not allow the body of sword dust to start strengthening from every cell in the whole area, and it can also make your body more supple and have superior resilience.All of the above conditions will enable Jian Chen to use such a small and powerful strength, and he will be able to display even a sword that is stronger than his strength.After the power reaches the Holy One, the sword dust hunted the third-order World of Warcraft even more easily. The number of World of Warcraft that died in his hands almost every day reached thirty to forty.Somewhere in the Mountain of Warcraft, sword dust is fighting with a huge three-dimensional World of Warcraft. This is a large body of Warcraft, such as cattle, and the body is covered with a layer of fine scale defense.Dust and dust like a ghost-like body, with a fast speed around the head of World of Warcraft continued to deal with, silver white light wind sword into a white light, constantly facing the body covered with a layer of fine scales Warcraft attack. This layer of World of Warcraft body scales extremely powerful defensive force, Jian Chen's light wind sword in order to pierce the scales damage to its body is extremely difficult, and coupled with this head of Warcraft's body is too large, even if The light wind sword pierced into its body, as long as it did not hurt the vitals, it still could not recreate him.In a little moment of trembling with this World of Warcraft, the sword dust finally caught the opportunity. If the sword of lightning quickly pierced the defense of scales at the throat, the sharp sword tip fell into its throat.However, the next thing that surprised the sword dust was that he was pierced by his own sword and the creature did not die. After making a terrible roar, he rushed toward himself again and attacked more than before. More violent."Before this first tortoise beast strength is due to be in the third-order peak, is about to enter the ranks of the fourth-order World of Warcraft, no wonder vitality is so strong, it seems that in order to quickly resolve it, it must be from the body's internal hands-on, Otherwise, unless the entire head is smashed down, it is very difficult to kill it.” Jian Chen secretly thought in his heart, in front of this World of Warcraft, not only is very defensive, and vitality is also very strong, Jian Chen’s sword pierced its throat and could not even let it die immediately, and the situation seemed to provoke its anger.When the sword dust and this animal called the Tortoise beast were attacked by Warcraft, a group of mercenaries dressed up suddenly appeared on one side. There were about 20 or so people coming. Everyone was covered in dust, except for the rough ones. Seeing their age, they have lost sight of the detailed appearance. Half of them are wearing animal skins and bark. The clothes on the other half are dilapidated and their clothes are not covered. More than one or two people were wearing bandages. It was not difficult to see from the bandages that blood was wet with blood. These people were wounded.As soon as this group of people appeared, their eyes were on the sword dust that was not far from the battle with the tortoiseshell beast, and a loud, low-pitched exclamation suddenly rang in the crowd."He seems to be sword dust!"