The mercenary's words, so that the rest of the people were surprised, then the eyes have surrendered sword dust, surprised and can not believe the face.No one can think of them. When so many people entered the World of Warcraft Mountains and searched for sword dust for several days, they would be met by such a coincidence. Even more ridiculous for them was that they were actually under such circumstances. Find the sword dust.Several mercenaries slumped for a moment, then one of them smiled. "I said brother, you don't need to make fun of us, and this kind of joke can not be opened, if there is any idiot who believes you If you can't make it up, you will really be able to take it to the Tianxiong family to receive it."After listening to the mercenary, the remaining mercenaries suddenly realized that they all showed a wry smile on their face. Just now, they were really shocked by the words of the sword dust.“This friend, now the word “Dust” is very much insensible, and afterwards, you will be less likely to make such a joke. Otherwise, I’m afraid it will cause you a lot of trouble.” Another mercenary said. . All of them did not believe that the person wearing a skin in front of them was the sword dust they were looking for.There was a slight smile on the face of Jian Chen. "How do you believe that I am the sword dust?"“As far as I know, the sacred soldier armed with sword dust is an extremely small sword, and he is young, about 20 years old, and it is very fast, especially the speed of the sword. Even some of the sages are difficult to escape. It is said that there are many sages who died in his hands because they couldn't escape his fast sword,” said one mercenary.The silver-white breeze sword appeared in the hands of sword dust. The sword dust held a light breeze sword and said with a light smile: "Then you have a look. The sword used by sword dust is not this one."Hearing that, the mercenaries of several mercenaries looked at each other carefully and looked carefully at the breeze sword in the hands of sword dust."Oh! You see, this sword seems to be somewhat similar to the description.""Yeah, it's really similar. It's exactly the same."Immediately, there were two mercenaries who couldn't help but open their mouths. Listening to their words, the rest of the mercenaries gradually became more serious. Looking at Jian Chen’s eyes, a subtlety had already occurred. The change.“You really are swords and dust.” A mercenary stared at the dusty face of Jian Chen’s face and asked in a quiet voice. Nowadays, several mercenaries who have a little brain are already meaning. People, I am afraid that they are really looking for people.The sword dust giggled and said, "Yes, I'm the Jian Chen, the sword dust that was hunted down by the Tianxiong family. Now I'm here. We're not trying to capture me, and then we'll take it back to Tianxiong. Family awards."After listening to these words, the faces of several mercenaries who had originally laughed and joked became a little dignified and looked at each other. Immediately one of them suddenly shouted: "Brothers, surround him."As soon as the voice just fell, the person who spoke rushed toward Jian Chen. The remaining mercenaries rushed up after a slight hesitation. They formed an encirclement and surrounded the sword dust.Jian Chen retracted the light wind sword, his hands on his chest, and looked indifferently at the few mercenaries who were besieging him. Some dismissively said: “It seems that many people are actually being used for this kind of gold coins. The reward was dazzled. I didn't expect that some people with only the power of the Holy One want to catch me. Did you not hear that there are many teachers who died in my hands? You think you think you Is strength stronger than the sages?"After listening to Jian Chen’s words, the look of several mercenaries was hesitant, but then one of them suddenly shouted: “Dust, don’t be stubborn, and now you don’t know that you’ve been seriously injured. If you are in front of you, if you know what you think, then let's go with us. Otherwise, don't blame our brothers for being ungracious to you. By then, don’t say that our people bully you less.”Jian Chen reluctantly shook his head, whispered: "It seems that you really dazzled by the money, not even their own lives, and forget, too lazy to talk nonsense with you." Not talking nonsense with a few people. Suddenly, he swayed slightly. He immediately appeared in front of a mercenary, and his right hand was punched. No flamboyant lightning shot. He slammed on the nose of the mercenary.“Ah!” The mercenary immediately issued a scream of screaming, and his face was painfully holding his nose. The red blood flowed slowly along the gap between his fingers and quickly rendered his entire face. Blood red. This fist of sword dust has already broken his nose.In the boxing nose of that name, the sword dust did not hesitate to hesitate. It was immediately followed by a flash of lightning on his stomach, kicking his entire body to a distance of five meters.Afterwards, the Jian Dian body swayed slightly and once again came to another mercenary. The power of the mighty Holy Spirit gathered in the leg, so there was no fancy kick on the mercenary's chest."Touch!" With a muffled sound, when the mercenary had not yet responded, he was kicked by the sword dust. He was in the air, and a mouthful of blood spewed out of his mouth uncontrollably."Dust in the dust, you villain actually played a surprise attack. Everyone joined us and won him."It wasn’t until the Jian Chen wounded the two that the remaining mercenaries responded, and then they rushed up to the Jian Chen with high esteem.Dust and dust escaped the attack of a few people, and then they flew close to each other in a flash, and they slammed against the body of several mercenaries, constantly emitting a buzzing sound. .Now that the strength has been promoted to the Holy Master, even if the sword dust does not have a sword, it can easily deal with these few mercenaries who have strength only the Holy One.Each swordsman has an extremely important view of his own sword, saying that their second life is not exaggerated. Jianwu is no exception. However, the few mercenaries in front of them are not qualified to appear in the sword dust. In this case, if the strength person still wants to have a sword, then it is undoubtedly a chicken knife.Although the sword dust is now playing a fist, but these few mercenaries are still no resistance, just a few breath time, all through the sword dust to the ground, one by one is swollen.Jian Chen patted his palms, eyes lying on the faces of several mercenaries who were mourning on the ground. They smiled lightly and said, "Will you still want to get me to collect the bounty?""Dust dust heroes, you spared us, you spared us, we ... we are enthralled, was blinded by money to do such stupid things, you have a large number of adults, this time we spared us Once.” A mercenary immediately climbed up from the ground, kneeling on the ground, constantly clamoring with the sword dust, loudly asking for help.