Chapter 145 The Retreat of the Tianxiong FamilyAt this time, the rest of the people also reflected and immediately took out the sacred soldiers and cut them in the direction of the sudden attack.The person with the sword held up a dexterous turn in the air, escaped the assault of several people, and fell lightly on the ground. Then the sword was turned into a sky-shaking sword and the people of the Tianxiong family were all enveloped in it.When the Jianying dissipated, several members of the Tianxiong family fell to the ground. In their necks, they all had a faint trace of blood. The next moment, the red blood flowed like a raging fountain from the wound.Jian Chen retracted his sword, his eyes glazed and his eyes narrowed. Several members of the Tianxiong family who fell to the ground whispered, “You have provided me with a good news. There are more than 30 sages, more than two hundred. The name of the great saints, the strength of the Tianxiong family really is not weak, actually sent so many people to catch me in the mountains of Warcraft, is worthy of the first family of Wacker City."After a pause, Jian Chen slightly silenced the meeting. Then his face gradually appeared a sneer and whispered: "Since you have not let go of me, then I'll be guilty of being paralyzed and playing with you."In an instant, a few days have passed, and in the past few days, Jian Chen has been active in this area, specifically to deal with the people of the Tianxiong family. Although Jian Chen is not a must-have person, he is not That kind of fight did not fight back, but also did not return to the mouth, was bullied by Tianxiong family to this point, if the sword dust did not make some action, then he would not call the sword dust.The Tianxiong family died in the hands of Jian Chen in the past few days, reaching more than 200 people, including more than a dozen masters of the sages. The rest of the people also have the power of the Holy Ones. The loss, for the Tianxiong family, is also somewhat unbearable, and has almost hurt the fundamentals.All this, although Tian Xionlie knew very well, but did not take any remedial measures, but also continue to deploy manpower from the family into the Warcraft Mountains to find traces of sword dust, he seems to be desperate to be his son Revenge, no matter how much the price paid, it will not hesitate.These days, the whole city of WACKER was also heated by the Tianxiong family. The Tianxiong family had been the overlord for more than ten years in WACKER. The reputation was very loud. The mercenaries who were resident in WACKER City and Almost no one knows the name of the Tianxiong family.Tian Xiong's young master Tian Xiongkang was killed, and then Tian Xiong Lie with a group of master murderers rushing into the mountains of Warcraft to capture the murderer has sensation in the entire Wacker City, this matter has become almost all mercenaries and businessmen. After tea and rice, the topic of discussion was discussed. At the same time, in the end, whoever was so bold and dared to kill Tian Xiongkang, the young master of the Tianxiong family, was also a hot topic for discussion. However, besides this mysterious murderer, everyone knew that it was a very Outside the young youth, the rest knew nothing.Some of the family forces in WACKER are watching the Tianxiong family almost all the time. When they learned that the Tianxiong family had lost a lot of manpower in the Warcraft Mountains, one of them was also closely arranged in the dark. They are ready to take over the market controlled by the Tianxiong family.The management of the Tianxiong family in the city of WACKER is very big and has long frustrated many families. However, they are generally afraid of the strength of the Tianxiong family, so they have never dared to shake things. Today, the Xiong family has experienced some As a result, the strength is no longer as good as it used to be. Those families who have endured for a long time can miss such a good opportunity. Therefore, they have also reached out to the Tianxiong family.In the Mountains of Warcraft, a group of people are sitting together and frowning. There are a total of more than 20 people, and the middle-aged men are 40 years old."Homeowner, this situation is not optimistic. The kid is very treacherous, and obviously has a very rich experience in life in the jungle, far better than us. He has shaken us off several times by virtue of the terrain. And the kid’s strength is also very strong. The small team encounters almost no resistance. It is a complete destruction. Even if it is the master of strength, he can also deal with several at the same time. Now we enter the World of Warcraft. The people in the mountain range have lost most of their lives. In this way, I am afraid that those who can leave this place alive are all very few.” A middle-aged man said, wrinkling his brow, with a hint of anxiety in his voice."Yeah, homeowner, that kid is really embarrassed. When we get together, he takes the means of sneak attack. When he strikes back, he doesn't even touch us directly. When we are scattered, He killed each of us scattered one by one, and in the jungle he was just as flexible as a monkey. We simply couldn't catch him. What would it take us to do? Maybe we only have this group of people. The owner of the house threatened the boy one by one.” Another middle-aged man also said, his voice was full of helplessness."Homeowner, the current situation is very unfavorable to us. It would be better for us to withdraw temporarily, and then we should take a long-term view." It was a relatively lean person to speak."Homeowner, if we lose too many people in the Mountains of Warcraft, it would be very unfavorable for the development of our family in WACKER. We cannot go on like this."Heavenly and strong hold their fists tightly, his face is hesitant, and he is clearly struggling in his heart.After hesitated for a long time, Tian Xionglie finally gave a bite and ordered very unwillingly, "Order everyone, and withdraw all.""Yes, the owner!"Upon hearing the order of retreat, the faces of the 20-odd middle-aged men finally showed a happy smile. Everyone was relieved. These days, they fought against sword dust and several of them almost lost their lives. Fortunately, the last days of the heroes arrived in time to get them off, and among them, some people already have some fear of sword dust.Then one person took out a firecracker and lit the lead with a torch. Only a harsh wailing sound was heard. The firecrackers flew high into the air, and then they exploded with a loud thunder and exploded into a large red fire. Waves quickly spread around.Somewhere in the Mountain of Warcraft, several young people about 30 years old are sitting around a fire and grilling a large piece of meat that was torn from World of Warcraft."Oh, I don't know when the murderer's murderer can catch it. There are many of us who died in his hands these days. I heard that there are more than a dozen masters of the sages.""Even the samurad-level masters can easily kill, let alone us who only have the strength of the Holy One. I really don't know when we have become the target of that man.""I hope we will not meet him. Otherwise, I am afraid we will not be able to return."Several young people sat in front of each other and talked with each other. There was a lot of concern between them.At this moment, a loud noise came from the sky and heard the sound. Several people looked up at the same time. When they saw the big fireworks in full bloom in the cracks of the dense leaves, several people’s faces were A look of surprise."That was the signal of our family's retreat!" One immediately could not help but exclaimed."Finally I can leave here. The big guy is still carrying something and hurrying to walk. Don't you guys still want to stay here, and then you'll get the killer to kill you one by one.""That's right, hurry to go. I don't want to stay here again for a moment."Subsequently, several people refused to eat and immediately left here. Shortly after they left, a figure came out from the jungle not far away. The man was wearing a skin and his face was like a cat. He couldn't see it.The man stared at the disappearance of a few people. A sneer blew on his face and whispered, "Are you going to retreat? Yeah, this last time, I just want you to make a big splash of blood and offend my sword. People will never have a good end."