Chapter 14 Tower ()    "bump!"Just when the sword dust eaten relish, suddenly a heavy hand fell on the table of sword dust, so that the entire table is shaking.The sword dust frowned and slowly raised his head. The owner of the palm was a young man of about 20 years old. He was wearing uniforms in the school because he was an old school student and was behind the teenager. There are two men and women who seem to be about seventeen or eight years old, one man and one woman. Their faces are full of arrogance, and they are dressed in dazzling silk garments made of silk and satin. People can see that they were born in wealthy children.Looking plainly at the three people wearing aristocratic costumes across from him, his lips moved slightly and slowly spit out a few words: “Is there something wrong?” The tone is extremely flat.The aristocratic young man who seemed to be about twenty years old was exposed by his fierce eyes and looked fiercely at Jian Chen. The tone was extremely arrogant and shouted: "Hey, kid, now this table is ours, you go elsewhere. Eat it.” Although he can see from the costume worn by the sword dust he is not a civilian, but the other party still did not put his sword dust in his eyes.Hearing that, the sword dust disdainfully looked at the boy and his tone was light: “To eat and sit down and eat together, this table is owned by the school, and you haven’t written your name on it. When did you become yours? It's up."After listening to these words, the nobleman's face showed a glare and he had lost his patience and said loudly, "Will you let it still."Now, what happened at this table of sword dust has attracted the students who are dining around. They suddenly cast a lot of attention, but no one dared to stand up and speak.There was a slight chuckle on the face of Jian Chen. In such events, he had encountered many times in the past when he was walking in the rivers and lakes. However, every time he gave the other party a lesson for him."Let nature let it go. When I finish eating, let's say it." This time, Jian Chen didn't look at the other person's eyes and buried his head to eat food. Because the mouth was wrapped in food, the tone of the sword dust was A bit ambiguous.In spite of this, they were clearly heard by the other three."Brother, it seems that your deterrence in the college is not big enough, and even a table is not balanced. You can't let us both stand outside and eat." Standing behind the teenager The girl laughed softly.After listening to these words, the young man about twenty years old was suddenly embarrassed. However, with fury and furious staring at the sword dust, he murmured: “Boy, what is your name, which family? Yes, just kindly report it to me."Jian Chen brow slightly wrinkled, but did not wait for him to speak, a voice passed from not far away: "Kadi Yun, you are also a good old Kagasi College's old, actually bemoan bully here a bully this year Freshmen who entered school."Along with the voice, I saw a young boy wearing a school uniform, who was about the same age as the aristocrat called Cady Cloud.Seeing this teenager, the teenager, called Cady Cloud, changed his face a little and showed a look of jealousy in his eyes. He said coldly, "I will not be in control of you."At this time, Jian Chen also knew the name of the two of them. The previous person who called himself to be a performer was called Cadyyun, and the person who helped him later was called White Mir.The young boy known as Bai Moran chuckled and said: "Hey, Cady Yun, it's true that you won't be able to manage your affairs, but since I was a student, I had no choice but to learn about this younger brother. ”After listening to these words, Cady Yun and the two teenagers standing behind him were all slightly changed.At this time, the girl standing behind Cady’s cloud hesitated a moment, then pulled the Caddy's clothes and whispered: “Brother, there is already an empty space on the other side. Let’s go and sit there. ."Heard, Kadiyun's eyes looked subconsciously around the canteen, and she found out that there was a space that was not far from where I was. After a vicious look at the sword dust, Kadiyun coldly shouted: " Second brother, Sanmei, we used to eat it.” Then, Cady Yun headed to the empty table first. If he continued to entangle this way, he would not only not benefit from the slightest advantage, but he would be afraid The grey of the nose, because Moran is not only weaker in family matters than their Cady family, but their own strength is even stronger than him.Of course, these are not the most important ones. The most important thing is that Kadiyun, as the head of school, actually bullies a freshman. If this story is passed around in college, I'm afraid that Cady Cloud will be laughed at by many people. If he is introduced into the head of the principal, he will even be severely criticized.The reason why Cady Cloud did not make seats for the civilian students was because all the old students in the Cadaves College knew very clearly that the principals of the Kargas College, one of the six masters of the Kasense Kingdom, were very partial to these poor students. of.At this time, Kadiyun’s younger sister looked at Jian Chen’s eyes and suddenly seemed to think of something. He began to say, “Oh, I remember, you’re the one hundred twenty-eight who made the freshmen this year. The students inside, I just saw you in the ring." The voice just fell, the girl's eyes to Jian Chen suddenly a bit uncomfortable.After listening to this, the young boy who had not spoken since then was turned away from the woman and stared straight at the sword dust. She smiled happily: “I hope that tomorrow’s new contest will let me meet you. "Of course, this young boy followed Caddy's cloud and walked toward the empty table.For the boy's words, the sword dust simply dismissed it and it was not at all.At this time, White went silently to the front of Jian Chen, and reached out and patted the shoulder of Jian Chen. He smiled and said: "This younger brother is really brave, but he dares not to give Cadi Yunzi face. Later, Kadi If they bully you, they will come directly to me.”Wen Yan, Jian Chen stood up from the stool and smiled lightly. "In the next day, Xiangyang Xiangtian, I just thanked the school chief for mentioning my rescue. Otherwise, I'm afraid I will get into some trouble."White silently smiled and said: "The younger brother should not be so polite. Kadiyun this person is very arrogant in the college taking advantage of the power of the family. I have long been pessimistic about him. Unfortunately, I could not find any opportunity to teach him. Well, my name is Bai Moran, and you directly call me the White Master.“You must be careful if you are learning to compete for a new student tomorrow. One of the two people behind Cady Cloud is his sister Katie Qiuli. Another is his younger brother, Kadi Liang. They are said to be the Holy One of their two bodies. The power reached the ninth floor."Jian Chen faintly smiled and said: "But White learns to be a teacher. You can rest assured that once you meet them, I will be careful."White quietly nodded slightly and said: "It's not too early now. I'll also be in the dormitory. I'll learn how to look later."After the separation from the white, Jian Chen returned to his dormitory directly after eating out the rest of the food. Today, Jian Chen did not see his big brother Chang Yang Hu all day long, nor did he know where he was going to go.With so-so, the dust in the dormitory was trimmed. Jianwu sat on the bed with his knees and crosses and performed the necessary homework and practice every evening.The next few rounds of tests were completed soon. Since the number of participants was less than once, the top eight directly decided to come out the next day, and since the last top 50 was dropped, the college cancelled eight. The strength of the Holy Spirit must not be the same as that of the nine-storied Holy Spirit, so that the freshmen can fully exert their freedom. Therefore, the boy in the top eight with the exception of the sword dust and the other darker skin is the eighth layer of Holy Power. In addition, the strength of the Holy Spirit of the other six newborns has reached the ninth floor. No matter whether it is the sword dust or the dark-skinned boy who can advance to the top eight, they have already defeated several new students of the nine-story Holy Power.In addition to these, to the surprise of Jian Chen, the six freshmen of the Holy Spirit who reached the ninth floor also included two brothers and sisters, Kadi Qiuli and Kadi Liang, who had a clash with him in the canteen yesterday. Although they did not meet with their two brothers and sisters in the ring, Jian Chen more than once found that their two brothers and sisters were full of provocations in their eyes.For his two siblings' provocative gaze, Jian Chen simply dismisses it. In his head, he can't help but think of himself as the same player with the strength of only eight layers of Holy Power to advance to the top eight. The dark-skinned boy, the boy’s fighting method, also saw the dust clearly. He found that the boy seemed a little unusual, as if it were a natural power, surprisingly powerful, and able to make it to the top eight. His strength beyond his peers naturally contributed to the fact that almost a few of his freshmen who had played against him were thrown directly by him.The decisive battles of the last few games were arranged by the school to be held tomorrow. At the same time, the new king of the new contest will also emerge tomorrow.After leaving the playground, Jian Chen went straight to the cafeteria. After receiving his own meals, the corner of his eye discovered that he had entered the top eight at the New Life Games and the dark-skinned boy was sitting alone in a corner. He was eating rice, the boy was wearing a plain clother, and several patches had been sewn on the clothes. At a glance, he knew that he was a child born in a civilian family. Although the boy's age did not look like it was 16 or 17 years old, the sword Dust saw a look of resoluteness from his tender face, and his body was displeased with his age. His height had reached a height of one-meter eight, and his head was larger than the sword dust. Big brother Chang Yang Hu also has a big lap.The sword dust hesitated for a moment, then he took his food and went straight to the table where the boy was sitting down and put down the food. Jian Chen turned to look at the boy next to him and smiled and said: "I Chang Yang Xiang Tian didn't know what the classmate called."Hearing the words, the boy raised his head and looked at the sword dust. His eyes swept away slightly on the clothing of the sword dust. He said, "I call it the Eiffel Tower."The sword dust faintly smiled and said: “I just saw the iron tower students in the ring on the contest, the tower students with the power of eight can defeat the nine-story force of the new students, really ah.”After listening to the praise of the sword dust, the tower smiled embarrassedly and said, “I just did a little more than they did. They are also very powerful. I am very hurt to fight.”