Chapter 144 Black Panther Mercenary CorpsHearing that, a group of maids suddenly surprised, then one by one fiercely looked around the sword dust, carefully observed the sword dust."Middle-aged, looking like I was twenty years old, the sacred soldier is a thin, long silver-white sword. The speed of the sword is very fast. The movement is very agile. The head of the sacred soldier is this man and the Tianxiong family. The person wanted by the mercenary union was very similar. I think that he was the sword dust in all likelihood.” A mercenary who was wearing skins said to a middle-aged man whose clothes were still intact."Yeah, head, I think this person is definitely the sword dust. The Tianxiong family had a million amethyst coins to capture the sword dust. If we win him, then this amethyst dollar is not ours. "A relatively thin and thin mercenary said.When his voice just dropped, someone whispered immediately: "I don't think this guy called Dust is so good to deal with it. Didn't you see that he alone can fight with a third-order World of Warcraft?""Afraid of anything, he is only too powerful, but only one person. We are so many people, are they still afraid that he is not a person, if these words spread out, then we have what the face of the Black Panther mercenary group stay in WACKER city. Go on, "said a man who was wearing skins and a scar on his face."It's good to say that he'll be powerful again. Can't we have so many people from the Panthers Corps of Mercenaries still not deal with a young boy who is only twenty years old?"At this time, a middle-aged man with a calm face shouted low and said: "Well, everyone will not quarrel and listen to the opinions of the head of the team." When he spoke, the mercenaries who were in dispute did not speak one by one. The collection of brushes was at the front of the team, the middle-aged man who was still well-dressed.He is the head of the Black Panther mercenary regiment.The heads of the Panthers’ mercenary regiment were very tall. The burly figure was two-fifths in size, and the hair on the head was cut short, leaving only the length of the inch and a mass face open. Ordinary is hardly noticeable, and the black squat tightly wrapped around his body is tightly stretched, with many small cracks cut off by the thorns of the jungle.The leader of the Panthers’ mercenary regiment stared at the sword dust in the fight with the shell beast, and the light in his eyes flickered. After hesitated for a moment, his eyes were fine and he finally made up his mind and said: “He is How powerful but also more than 20 years old, can we still defeat us so many people do not, Moreover, there is now a third-order Warcraft tortoise beast to deal with him, and now let the turtle beast beast consumes his Holy Power, When they were defeated by both sides, we would join together and take the next sword and dust to the Tianxiong family to receive a reward of 10,000 amethyst coins.""Well, headmaster, if this is the case, then we can all be developed from then on, and ten thousand amethyst coins, even if it is divided, it will be enough for us to spend a lifetime." The tone of excitement said."After this matter was completed, I must go to Fengyue City to pack Yun Xiu's girl and let him serve me for a few days." A mercenary said with a sly smile.“Oh, Jerry, you’ve long been coveting the girl in the brothel of Fengyue City. Unfortunately, there is no money to enjoy. When this matter is completed, you will even pick up the girl named Yunxiu. Being a wife is not a problem," said a middle-aged man with a large beard on his chin.Wen Yan said that the mercenary's face showed a lustful smile, and then looked at Jian Chen's eyes, it seems to be completely looking at a gold mountain."Oh!"At this moment, a sound of screams came from a distance not far away. I saw the dust of the sword fighting with the beasts, and once again thrust the light wind sword into the throat of the beast beast, with a strong sword from the air. Breezy sword shot, along the tortoiseshell's throat into its body and exploded, instantly tortoises internal organs of the internal organs into a smash.The blood of the tortoiseshell beast continued to shed blood, and the unwieldy and bulky body suddenly stiffened, and then he paused suddenly, and he fell to the ground with a bang of dust."On!"As soon as the Tortoiseshell beast had just fallen, the Black Panthers’ mercenary regiment was led by the tall head and surrounded it with sword dust. The last group of people surrounded the sword dust.There was no change in the appearance of Jian Chen's face. Slowly pull out the light wind sword that pierced the throat of the tortoiseshell beast. If nothing came to the belly of the beast beast, then the light winded sword flashed with an imposing Jian Qi. Into the stomach of the tortoiseshell beast, he broke a one-foot long wound on his belly, picked a sharp tip, and a bloody hard object flew out of it, and he finally fell to the ground and rolled it a few times before stopping. Down.The sword dust squatted forward, smashing some of the soil with his hands, and cleaning up the remaining blood, exposing a table tennis-sized crystal, which is the magic nucleus of the turtle beast.See Jian Chen actually turned his group of people into an air and looked at it. Such a disdain made the members of the Black Leopard Corps members of the team face become a little gloomy.The head of the Panthers’ mercenary regiment stared at the sword dust, and Shen Sheng said: "Dust dust, you can't see that you are young, but it seems quite calm, and it's time for this time. It's still not a panic. Look like."The sword dust hurriedly took the tortoise beast's Warcraft income space belt until it was time to look up at the Black Panther mercenary regiment. The tone was plain: "Who are you, how did you know my name? ”Hearing, the head of the Black Panthers' mercenary regiment sneers a sneer and said: "We are people of the Black Panzer Corps. As for how to know your name, huh, huh, this is very simple. Now your name is in WACKER. In the city, nobody knows, nobody knows."Jian Chen slightly frowned and said: "Say your purpose.""Our purpose is very simple. Please ask us to take a trip with us."As soon as the sword dust voice fell, one of the mercenaries said."Yeah, we just want to ask you to take a trip with us. As long as you are obedient, people from the Black Panther Corps will not be embarrassed to you." A leaner mercenary laughed.There was a sneer on the face of Jian Chen. "I don't know where you want me to go with you.""Where to go, of course, is back to Wacker City," said a screaming man.Hearing here, the faintly guessing of the heart of the sword dust, this matter is mostly related to the Tianxiong family."If I don't go back with you." Jian Chen looked indifferently at the twenty or so mercenaries around him and said lightly, but from his face, he could not see the slightest fear.Heard that the members of the Black Panzer Corps’ mercenary team face were slightly changed, and that the head of the tall figure was directly offering his own sacred soldier. It was a long gun with a foot length."If we don't go back with us, then we only need to be strong, Jian Chen, surely you don't want to bear the pain of skin and skin," said Shen Ying, head of the Black Panther Corps of Mercenary Corps.With his words, the rest of the members of the Black Panther Corps of Mercenary Corps also made their own sacred soldiers. At the same time, a strong stock of forces spread out and rushed toward the sword dust.