Next, the Tianxiong family also gave up their search for sword dust and began to withdraw from the Mountain of Warcraft. Everyone rushed toward the place where the fireworks were in full bloom.However, Jian Chen did not let go of the Tianxiong family's plan. Although he couldn’t take any measures for the time being, he did not let go of those who had only the power of the saints and the sages. Although from time to time in the mountains of Warcraft will meet with some mercenaries, but the family of Tianxiong are all wearing white clothes, and there is a clear sign of the owner of the chest, so the sword dust is not worried about killing the wrong person.From time to time in the mountains of Warcraft came waves of fighting and screaming voices, those who are retreating from the mountains of Warcraft Tianxiong family, many have encountered the attack of Jian Chen, Jian Chen with their own in the Warcraft Mountains The rich experience accumulated during the months of survival in this complex terrain is almost ridiculous. His sneak attack made it impossible for the Tianxiong family to fight. Although there were several times the sword dust scene was experienced by some. People discovered that the sneak attack did not succeed, but in the end he was still killing one by one with his own superb fighting power.Even if Jian Chen is caught in the predicament surrounded by masters of the Tianxiong family, he can quickly escape with his own advantage, and then some flashes in the jungle disappear, leaving a group of people in the Tianxiong family extremely painful. There was no one who could catch up to him. Even the mighty heroes who had the strength of the mid-level Great Teacher were able to get sword dust in the jungle.After half a day, the family of Tianxiong finally gathered all together and looked at a team with less than a hundred people in total. Tian Xione’s face was gloomy and terrible. Before and after, he collected a total of nearly 500 people into the Mountain of Warcraft. I did not expect to lose more than 400 people in this short period of time. This is definitely a very heavy loss to the Tianxiong family.The stern murders flashed in the eyes of Tian Xione. At this moment, the desire to kill sword dust in his mind was unprecedented. Jian Chen not only killed his only son, but also brought him such a terrible loss for the Tianxiong family. He is now in heaven and earth and he can not wait to eat the meat of sword dust and drink the blood of sword dust.Looking at the gloomy sky, the members of the Tianxiong family who are standing around are tightening their necks one by one. They dare not to vocalize. For fear of saying one word at will, it will provoke untold displeasure. At this moment, no one dares to offend this spearhead.“Go!” Tian Xionlie waved his hand, gloomy face, took everyone out of here, and he knew in his mind that after experiencing this situation, the family of Tianxiong could no longer keep the first family in WACKER. The name of the.The remaining dozens of people in Tianxiong's family shuttled through the jungle. Some of the Warcraft players along the way couldn't easily commit crimes. However, in this group of people, everyone is not full of frustration. It looks very low morale.Behind them, a figure wearing a skin hides them tightly. This figure appears extremely flexible in the jungle. When the body moves fast, it does not bring about too much fluctuation of the weeds around. This figure is only a distance of less than 50 meters from the group of Tianxiong family. However, when a large group of Tianxiong family hurry in the jungle, the friction between the body and the surrounding weeds is very loud, and it is completely behind. Small voices cover up, so no one finds anyone behind them.The figure behind him was cautiously and cautiously behind it. It was covered by the weeds with a high number of people around it and quickly approached the group of people in the Tianxiong family and quickly went to the second place without notice. Within ten meters.At this moment, a cold and long sword suddenly appeared in the hands of the man. Then he did not conceal his whereabouts and his body turned into a residual image. He had already walked at the back of the family of Tianxiong at a very fast pace. Rushed past.A short span of 20 meters spans the moment and the Hanmang, with its long swords flashing, is accompanied by a slight sound of broken air. It is swiftly moving toward the last few people.With a few swords flickering, the sword has speared five swords at an incredible speed and pierced the throats of five people.However, the man did not stop him. This slender silver-white sword was completely contained in his hands as a ghosting image. He again pierced the front few people, and in a short time, he pierced his neck again. The throat of three people."Everyone is careful, that man is coming again!"Just after the man had killed eight people at lightning speed, he was finally noticed, and a loud shout came from the crowd.Wen Sheng, a group of people in the Tianxiong family were shocked and then they took out the sacred soldiers and watched them all around. When the man just shouted, the man behind him attacked the sword and retired. A few flashes disappeared into the dense weeds."Stop, don't want to escape!"Suddenly, a loud shout came. Then the giant axe passed through the air and chased after the man disappeared. Later, more than two dozen teachers also followed.Seeing that many people are chasing the past, the rest of the Tianxiong family suddenly breathed a sigh of relief. The strained look has relaxed a lot. These days, the people have been harassed by the people and they have died so much. The strength and their considerable brothers made them feel a little scared of the man, and he was afraid that the person lying on the ground would become himself.However, just as they relaxed their breath, the weeds next to them cracked again. A silvery long sword turned into a fuzzy shadow with a rapid lightning speed."Oh!" "Oh!"At the moment, two people who are close to each other are slammed into the throat by the sword.Sudden passing movements alerted many people. When they saw the situation in front of them, they all changed their faces and immediately shouted, "Be careful, he is here."As the voice of this man had just fallen, a person wearing skins pulled out of the dense weeds and quickly danced with his sword in the hand, forming a road after another to attack the people nearby.People in the Tianxiong family also raised their hands and attacked the sacred soldiers. They intended to drag on the advantage of the number of people and dragged on the attackers. At the same time, some people began to spread around and formed a circle enveloping future people who surrounded them. .The face of the skin-peened man trapped in the center did not show the slightest panicked look. A long sword in his hand had been waved into a vague afterimage, constantly resisting attacks in all directions. The quickness of the sword is astonishing. Only those who have the strength of the Holy One can evade his attacks.With a clanging sound of heavy weapons colliding, a person wearing a skin hide attacked with a long sword in his hand, and then the long sword in his hand turned into a silvery phantom, puncturing in a short time. Five swords, at the moment, five nearby people pierced the throat directly by the sword.After killing five people, those who wore skins did not love each other, and the encirclement of the crowd that rushed out into the weeds flickered and disappeared. The encirclement formed by the people of the Tianxiong family did not even exist. Block that person.As soon as the man had just gone, Tian Xionglie, who was wrapped in a layer of sacred power, suddenly rushed back from the other side. His eyes glanced around his eyes. He saw not only the bodies that fell on the ground, but also the body. Found sneak attackers.“Others!” Tian Xionglie tried to suppress the anger in his heart and his low voice.