Chapter 149 Another Case of the Zhou's Mercenary CorpsLooking at the mercenary who was kneeling on the ground, Jian Chen's brow was slightly crooked. For such a person, he looked down from his heart."Fei Lan, what are you doing? It's not fast enough for me to get up. You've thrown our faces all over. No big deal is to die. There's nothing to fear." Soldiers immediately opened a mercenary to martial arts."Fei Lan, you guy who is afraid of dying, I don't usually have a brother like you."The slamming action of the mercenary named Fei Lan made his other companions look at him with a change in his eyes, and his eyes were filled with disdain.Jian Chen looked slowly across the face of the remaining few mercenaries, showing a hint of appreciation of the meaning of the eyes, for those who are greedy for fear of death, Jian Chen is looking from the psychological side."What do you guys still say?" The Jian Chen did not look at the mercenary who was under the name of a gimmick and begged for mercy. He said to several other people.Hearing the words, a few people looked at each other. At this moment, there was a sense of sadness and regret in their eyes. Obviously, they also understood that it was very likely that they would continue to wait for others to stay here forever. Never see the sun tomorrow."If you want to kill the enemy, you will have no reason to say anything," said a merciful mercenary who hated it. Jian Chen defeated only a few of them in a short breath of time just by punching and punching. The powerful power demonstrated has caused these mercenaries to give up their plans to flee because everyone knows that they can escape from their lives. The odds of heaven are almost zero."Now I will give you a chance to survive, and take all the second or more magic nucleuses in you, and then you will go. Otherwise, there will be only a dead end. How to make choices, you can figure it out." The tone is very gentle.After listening to these words, several mercenaries did not hesitate and immediately nodded in response. Then one by one, they took out all the second or more magical nuggets in their space belts, and placed them on the ground one by one. Although they are very sad in their hearts, they are not stupid, knowing how to sacrifice this time.Jian Chen's eyes glance slightly at the second-order magic nucleus that only a few of the mercenaries face in front of them, and said, "Take the magic nucleus."Immediately afterwards, a mercenary immediately picked up the magic nucleus on the ground and delivered it to the hands of sword dust. Reaching for the magic nucleus handed by the mercenary, Jian Chen waved and said: "Let's go. Today, I feel good. I'll let you off for a while, and then there will be no such good talk next time. ”Several mercenaries did not dare to stop and immediately fled. Looking at the few mercenaries who disappeared into the jungle, Jian Ding’s several second-order magic cores in his hands were in the waistband of space, kneading their fists and whispering, “I don’t know how many years I haven’t used my fists. Extraordinary, although a bit rusty, but it feels good.""Second-order Warcraft is for those mercenaries, because it is very difficult to hunt, they not only gave me a lesson but also took away the only few second-order magic nucleus on them. It is estimated that soon, many people will know that my sword dust has appeared in this area. Oh, I just don’t know how many people are dazzled by this amethyst coin. I hope The strength of the people coming here should not be too weak. Otherwise, my small plan would soon be undone.""Thanks to this good opportunity, we must make a lot of achievements. Anyway, those people are all coming to arrest me. All of them are enemies. For the enemy, then I have nothing to keep in hand. Besides, this is a strong food. This is the law for the survival of this world."The face of Jian Chen’s face gradually revealed a look of expectation. Because the magic nuclei he spent on cultivation was dozens of times more than others, he had to find ways to get more magic nuclei, because of the violet The reason that one light spot and two light spots cause the sword dust to have to give up the method of cultivating heaven and earth spirits, only to use magic nucleus to enhance the strength.The mercenaries who had been put away by the sword dust did not take much time after they walked away. They immediately announced the location of the sword dust and spread it ten to ten hundred. The location of the sword dust quickly spread throughout the entire area. Pieces of Warcraft, suddenly, those who received the news, are still looking for mercenaries everywhere and all forces have rushed to where the sword dust appeared.At this moment, Jian Chen still remained in the original place and did not leave. He was hiding in a tree that was more than thirty meters high. The dense leaves had completely covered his trail, and through the foliage Gap, he can vaguely see the following situation.Not long after, a group of about 40 people slowly passed under the tree hidden by Jian Chen. The group of men wearing helmets and armor were all armed to the teeth. When the team walked, the formation did not have the slightest Scattered, it looks like a group of well-trained soldiers.When Jian Chen saw the group of mercenaries below through the cracks in the leaves, the name of a mercenary group quickly emerged in his brain. His face became a bit gloomy, and the strong murderousness flickered from his eyes."Daddy!" With the sound of a swiftness of the branches and leaves, sword dust has already leapt down from the big tree in hiding.    "who……""Be careful, someone on the tree..."Just as the sword dust just made a noise, among the group of mercenaries wearing armor, there were people immediately screaming out loud. Immediately afterwards, everyone had come up with their own sacred soldiers and stared cautiously at the top.The sword dust both took advantage of the trunk to make use of its strength. The body glided by a distance of nearly 20 meters. It finally fell to the ground just like a feather, just in front of this group of mercenaries.    "who are you!"The armored mercenary, walking in front, stared at the sword dust sharply and shouted.Jian Chen face some gloomy from across the face of a group of mercenaries swept one by one, but unfortunately did not find his familiar figure, and finally began to say: "You are Zhou's mercenary group." Jian Chen's tone is somewhat low."Yes, we are the Clan of Mercenaries of Zhou, and who are you? Why are you blocking the road?” said the mercenary, who was walking in front of him, arrogantly.The strength of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment is extremely strong. Even in WACKER, it is ranked in the top five, plus they belong to the Zhou family in Waukesha City. The above is enough to make the Zhou’s mercenary group. Members are proud.Determined the identity of the other party, a strong murderousness emerged from the body of sword dust, then, sword dust is no longer nonsense, silvery light breeze swiftly appeared in the hands, flashed to the Zhou mercenary group to kill people .The last time the sword dust and the fierce flame mercenary group met the fifth-order World of Warcraft pups in the Mountains of Warcraft. If it weren’t for Zhou’s Mercenary Corps, I’m afraid the mercenary mercenary team will not only lose their lives, but also A fifth-order cub was successfully obtained. Moreover, when the crowd was intercepted by the King of the Tigers, if the person of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps threw the cubs to the head of Kendall, then the King of the Golden Retriever wouldn’t spearhead the flames of the Mercenary Mercenary Corps. Therefore, the demise of the Burning Mercenary Corps and the death of the head of the Kandas can be said to have been solely caused by those of the Zhou Mercenary Corps.