Chapter 144 Reinventing the Tianxiong Family"He ran from there." Someone immediately pointed in the direction of the man's escape.Heard that heaven and earth looked cold in the direction, and at this moment, the weeds were still shaking slightly. It was apparent that they had just begun to walk, but they could not find any trace of the man.The heavens and heroes withdrew their gaze and slowly swept over several people who fell on the ground. Their faces were gloomy and dreadful. In just such a time, fifteen people actually died. If they continue to do so, they will probably wait for them. When a group of people left the World of Warcraft Mountains, the number was already less than fifty, and such a huge loss, the Tianxiong family could not afford it.The dozen or so sages who were chasing out with Tian Xionglie also returned. They stood behind one another without a word. When they saw the dozens of people who fell on the ground, their faces became Unprecedented heavy up.“Go on!” Silenced for a moment, Tian Xionglie once again ordered that the experience of the past few days had made him know that in the complex terrain of Warcraft, he simply could not kill his son Tian Xiongkang. Young people, if they continue to stay here, I am afraid they will end up in an all-out battle."Now that the formation has changed, people with the strength of the sages are grouped in groups of five and scattered around. The strength of the rest of the saints will all move closer to the center, maintain such a formation and move on." Said, being pushed by a young man who is not as good as his youth, is an absolute disgrace to him.Afterwards, the Tianxiong family changed their ranks according to the instructions of Heavenly Heroes and continued to move forward. However, after the previous sudden attack, all the people were very vigilant along the way, and their eyes were constantly on the way. Glance around to prevent being attacked by the man again.Tian Xionglie walked in the middle of the team, and the power of the Holy Spirit in his body was running at any time. As long as that person appeared again, he could arrive in the shortest time no matter where he was.Heavenly and fiery pairs of cold eyes glance around, even the ears are also slightly dithered, always watching the movement around."As long as you reappear, I will give you a big price, but also to kill you." Tianxiong Li heart thought hate.A group of people in the Tianxiong family slowly moved forward in the dense jungle. Because of the need to beware of secretly attacking people, the team did not advance at a rapid pace. For fear that the resulting movement would be too large, it would conceal some of the subtle movements around it. Now.As soon as a group of people in the Tianxiong family were about to cross this dense weedy area, suddenly a silhouette shot from the weeds next to it. With the flashing light of swords, it immediately pierced the throat and heart of several people."I don't want to run away again this time!"Just as the figure just pierced the throat of several people, a voice of anger shouted from the middle of the crowd, and then the mighty axe descended from heaven and earth, and the great axe took on the power of the Holy Spirit. Get to the shadow of the people.At the same time, some of the surrounding Sacred Masters also leaped from the air, one by one, and they took the sect to the man.The man did not come into contact with the crowd. He took back the long sword and immediately flew into the weeds around and disappeared."You all stay here. I'll go hunting." Tian Xionglie gave a command, and he fled into the weed, chasing him in the direction of the man's flight.This one-man footed weed is actively covered, and the person wearing animal hides is flexibly shuttled through the lush weeds. The speed is very fast, and the weeds are advancing in a lean direction. As far as possible to keep moving at high speeds, it can cause minimal movement. His body is as light as a feather, and he runs fast without any weight. His feet do not touch the ground. He just borrows from the roots of the weeds. force."If you can't escape this time, if you don't kill you today, it's hard to vent my hate." Tian Xionglie is chasing after him. He has used his speed to the fullest, and his feet are covered with a touch of faint lightness. The khaki ray of light wraps around and faintly connects with the earth. The speed is not much slower than the person who ran in front of him.The person who wears hides is constantly changing his direction in front of him, and the heroic person at the back is unable to see the figure of the person in front of him in the foot weeds with one person high, so every other day He will jump high into the air to check the position so as not to lose again.At this moment, a gust of wind blew over, and the weeds that weaved around us continued to shake and we heard the sound of “clicking on it”. Then, Tian Xione’s face, which was in hot pursuit in the rear, was slightly changed. Then she suddenly leaped from the ground. Leaping up, a high leap to the air, and a momentary pause in the air to observe around, this look, Tianxioni's face suddenly sank, because he actually lost the man's trail again."This damn gale does not come sooner or later. It is only at this time that he has let him escape!"Once again falling on the ground, Tian Xionglie was full of resentment and could not help but curse out loud. Afterwards, he once again jumped into the air to try to find the man's trail, but at this moment the wind was still there, and the entire area of ​​weeds weaving was constantly shaking, and it was impossible to find the man's trail."I will not let you off. If you are a man, you will leave your name." Heavenly and angry, he growls loudly and loudly, and the waves roll out and far away.Shortly afterwards, a loud hearty laughter came from afar."Ha ha ha, under the sword dust, Tianxiong family, will be in the future will be held at the door to visit, don't miss it today, but also hope that home owners do not miss.""Dust, good! Good! Well, I swear by all days, no matter if you fled to the ends of the earth, I will find you, you can not escape." Tianxiong Li gritted teeth.This time, it did not receive any response.Tian Xionglie had no choice but to return. Then a group of people with the Tianxiong family continued to walk out of the Mountain of Warcraft. They quickly walked out of this lush grass belt, perhaps because of the loss of the cover of the terrain. Next, The Tianxiong family never encountered a surprise attack.After returning to Wacker City, Tianxiong Li immediately issued a high reward reward task at the mercenary trade union, rewarding 10,000 amethyst coins and catching a man named Jian Chen. At the same time, he announced the characteristics of sword dust.This time, the whole WACKER city once again made a sensation. With 10,000 amethyst coins, it was the first time since such a high reward was built in the city of WACKER. Even such a high reward mission was even on Tianyuan. It is also very rare, and the mercenary union also directly raises the task level to a level. As a special task, it does not limit the mercenary level access task, and also publishes this task to include the wind blue. There are several kingdoms within the kingdom.At this moment, Jian Chen did not know that he was again rewarded by the mercenary union for an overnight reward. Now he is still washing his body in a river in the Mountain of Warcraft."Now my strength is due to the advancement of the senior saints. In these days, now that some of Warcraft has been slaughtered in the Mountains of Warcraft, I will first raise my strength to the stage of the sages, so that even if I meet again, I will not As he was beaten by him, there was no need to fight back.” Jian Chen whispered to his side and mumbled to himself, quickly making plans for the future.