Chapter 145 Another Harvest"Dust dust will finally give you a chance. Whether you are willing to follow us or if we want to be strong, once you move your hands, the hardships will be inevitable." The head of the Black Panther Corps of Mercenaries Sharp eyes stared at the sword dust coldly, Shen Sheng said.The sword dust whispered, a sneer of disdain on his face, and said: “It depends on the strength of your senior sages, and I’m not qualified to say this to me. Today, I’ll see if you’re holding me up, or I’m Killing you one by one.” To sum up, one layer of Jianmang emerged from the breeze sword, and the silver-white sword of the light wind sword was wrapped inside. Then, the sword dust body was slightly shaken. It appeared in front of some of the weakest members of the Black Leopard mercenary regiment. The light wind sword turned into a white illusion. The lightning bolt pierced several swords.    "you wanna die!""Boy you are so arrogant!"The moment the sword dust started, members of the Black Panther Corps of Mercenary Corps also rushed toward the sword dust.    "Puff puff….."When the footsteps of the Black Panthers’ mercenary regiment just moved, the Jianfeng breeze sword pierced the throat of the three people. Facing the sword dust, the speed of the sword was almost as fast as that of the sword dust. Difficulties, these mercenary soldiers with only the power of the primary sage were even too late to react, and were lightly wounded through the throat, killing them.The sword dust did not hesitate for a moment. He immediately pulled out a light wind sword and fought with the Black Panther mercenary group rushing around. Although the Panthers’ mercenary regiment occupies an absolute advantage in the number of people, only seven people can attack the Jian Chen at the same time. The rest of the people are on the perimeter to prevent the sword dust from fleeing. Another is convenient. Do not hesitate to go to support at any time.Among the members of the seven Black Panzer mercenaries who siege the Jian Chen, including the leader, there are a total of five sages and two senior saints. The people of the Black Panther Corps are not stupid. Clearly, since the people who dare to offend the Tianxiong family are certainly not weak, the five most powerful sages in the team are all shot at the same time.Jian Chen faced five sages and two high-level saints siege and still seemed to be able to do a good job. When he was still a mid-level saint, he dared to face many of the masters of the Tianxiong family, not to mention the current strength When you arrive at the Grand Highness, you are only one step away from the Holy Master.Although only a small stage was promoted, this small stage has actually increased the strength of Jian Chen. Now he is facing the siege of the five sages by the power of the senior saints and no longer looks like It was so difficult in the previous city of WACKER.Jian Jian’s sword speed is extremely fast, and the silver-white sword in his hands has been danced by him into a silver-white light curtain, constantly resisting the attacks from around, and the breeze sword collided with the sacred soldiers in the other’s hands. Together, they continuously issued a “drumbling” voice. As the sacred soldiers collided violently, the strength of the Holy Power, which was contained in the sacred soldiers, gradually spread, scraping the dust on the ground and making the entire battle circle. It is filled with smoke.The speed of Jian Jian’s sword is getting faster and faster. After blocking the five sacred soldiers of the sages, the light wind sword instantly turns into a silver-white light, piercing the two big ones at lightning speed. Among the holy man's throat."Kerle!""Injustice!"When the two men were seen dead, some of the Black Panthers’ mercenary regiments and those who had a good relationship with the two great initiates issued a cry of sorrow. Immediately afterwards, several people rushed toward the sword dust with their holy soldiers.Jian Chen flashed out the encirclement formed by the five sages and fought fierce battles with the mercenaries of the Black Leopard Mercenaries who were only the strength of the Holy One. With several flashes of swordsmanship, a few more people were cut through the throat with sword dust and smashed the heart and died."Dare to kill the Black Panther mercenary group, Jian Chen you die!" The head of the Panthers Corps mercenary team saw several people died in the blink of an eye, suddenly angered, the hands of the full length of Zhang Xuchang The pistol with a sound of broken space, with a rapid speed toward the back of the sword dust.Behind the sword dust seems to have a pair of eyes, suddenly turned back, the hands of the sword piercing.    "Ding!"With the buzzing sound of a steel collision, the silver-white breeze sword and the rifle collided in midair. The two weapons touched each other. However, the shape of the sword dust regressed, and the flicker of the sword dust recurred. Crossing the long distance to the front of the head of the Black Leopard Mercenary Corps, as the silver light flashes away, the light wind sword has penetrated the throat of the head of the Black Panther mercenary group. The sharp tip of the sword broke out from behind his neck with a little blood.The body of the head of the Black Leopard’s mercenary regiment suddenly stiffened, and a pair of eyes dared not to stare at the thin, long sword that pierced his throat, and then his eyes turned slightly, staring at the sword dust, and the tone was difficult. Say: "How... How is it possible .... I... How can I ... die in your hand.....""Head of delegation!""Head of delegation!""Head of Kargil!"Looking at the head of the Black Leopard Mercenary Corps, which was pierced by the sword, all the mercenaries were face-changed and after a moment of distraught they screamed."He killed Captain Kargil, brothers, and revenged the head of the dead...""Revenge for the leader of Kargil.....""Everyone went together and killed the sword dust..."Members of the Black Panther Corps of Mercenary Corps, one by one, were emotionally excited and shouted toward the sword dust.“I do not know whether to live or die!” The sword dust chilled, pulled out a breeze sword, a flash of swords and lights, will be rushed in the front of several people enveloped in it, and instantly penetrated through the throat of several people.Immediately afterwards, the sword dust fluttered in the crowd, and with the breeze sword continuing to prick it out, people constantly fell under his sword. Facing the sword dust, the speed was approaching the ultimate sword, those only The mercenary of the power of the Holy Spirit has almost no resistance. Even the people who have the strength of the sages do not support much time.In a short period of time, more than a dozen members of the Panthers Corps of Mercenaries died under the sword of Jian Chen. At the moment, there were only two sages and four great saints alive.The six people have lost the courage to fight. They have looked at each other. It is a dead end to continue to stay. The only way to live in front of them is to escape. At the thought of this, the six people did not hesitate. Scatter around to escape.The sword dust sneered and his eyes swept away. He fell on a mercenary who was only a saint, and his body swayed slightly. He had already chased it to the man at a very fast pace. For the other five people who escaped. , Jian Chen did not ignore it.How could this person with the power of the Holy One alone escape the pursuit of the sword dust and he was stopped by the sword dust in an instant."You, what do you want to do!" Looking at the sword dust that appeared suddenly in front of him, the mercenary face turned pale instantly and took out the sacred soldier with a timid psychology and said in a trembling tone.The Breeze Sword has disappeared in the hands of the sword dust. The sword dust both hands slowly reported to the chest. A pair of bright scorpions is very calmly staring at the mercenary who is even older than himself and said a lot: " You want to live.""Think!" The mercenary responded without thinking, but then seemed to understand something. With a look of hope on his face, he could not believe and asked, "Would you spare me?""It's not a big deal to let go of you. What's the point in killing you for me? As long as you cooperate with me and tell me that you want to know it is something, I will let you go." Jian Chen said.After listening to the words of Jian Chen, the mercenary's eyes revealed a hint of surprise. "Well, as long as you are willing to let me go, I must tell you everything I know. I dare not hide anything. ”Jian Chen nodded slightly and said, "I ask you, what the Tianxiong family used to deal with me on the outside, how did you recognize me?"After the sword dust fell, the mercenary did not hesitate. He immediately replied: “The Tianxiong family rewarded 10,000 amethyst coins in the mercenary trade union to catch you. At the same time, some of your characteristics were announced, so we As soon as you see you fighting the turtle beast, you immediately recognize that you are the one with a high reward for the Tianxiong family."Jian Chen slightly frowned, Tianxiong family in the mercenary union high reward to urge those mercenaries to come and arrest themselves, it is contrary to his expectations.Hesitantly, the sword dust suddenly opened his eyes, his face could not help but reveal a trace of cold smile, said: "I can let you go, but you have to do something for me.""What matter, as long as my book Kelin can do it, I will try my best to do it." Said the mercenary vowed that perhaps it was to allow the sword dust to believe himself more, this statement he said abnormally firm ."After you returned to WACKER, I will try my best to spread my message in the Mountains of Warcraft. I want everyone in WACKER to know that I am here. Do you understand?" Jian Chen looked at the servant. Soldiers."Understand, I understand." Although I do not know what to do in the end of the sword dust, but this mercenary is still immediately agreed to, and did not dare to open the question, for fear of causing the sword dust an unhappy, so that they lost their lives .The sword dust thought about the meeting. Then he continued to say, "And still, just say I've been seriously injured. Do you know?""Know, know, don't worry, I'll surely pass on what you mean." The mercenary quickly agreed.Jian Chen nodded with satisfaction and waved. "You go."If the mercenary had won a big battle, he did not stop at all. He immediately ran out to the outside at the fastest speed he could achieve. Seeing that way, as if fearing that the sword dust suddenly changed his mind, he would take his life.Before the dozens of corpses lying on the ground, the sword dust squatted down and stripped their space belts. Then they spotted the things in the space belts on the ground beside a slightly cleaner spot. This will bring out hundreds of magic nucleus, dozens of amethyst coins, more than 300 gold coins and some necessary things to survive in the wild in twenty space belts.