Chapter 147 Exposure IdentityAt this moment, a strong energy fluctuation emanated from the surroundings of Jian Chen’s body. At this moment, he absorbed the energy of the magic nucleus and actually increased the speed again. With the energies in the magic nucleus, the energy of the wild horse is like a dislocated wild horse. The passing of time, the rich energy gathered around the sword dust, has formed a white mist that is visible to the naked eye, and the white mist exudes a shimmering glare. It is so clear in this dark cave that it is like a lantern. In a similar way, the body of sword dust that is hidden in the darkness is illuminated.At the same time, all the pores in the whole body of Jian Chen’s body were suddenly suddenly open. At the moment, they suddenly became like a hungry child. They opened their big mouths and greedily greedily greedy. Absorb the dense energy around you that has formed a faint white fog.Body pores so crazy to absorb energy, to the body of the sword dust also brought some pain, it felt like there are numerous ants in the bite, the feeling of itching and itch it into the heart, the immediate heart of the people panic .Jian Chen sat peacefully on the ground, as if he were a settled old man, indifferent to the tingling sensation he felt from his body, as if he felt no pain from the body. In his body, in his body, the rich and pure energetic energy gathered as a strand of energy lingered toward his pubic region and was finally absorbed by the sacred soldier who was suspended in his pubic region.After absorbing the energy, the sacred soldier is not only slowly changing in color, but even the model of the sword is constantly becoming clear, and the energy contained therein is also stronger than before, and As the energy is constantly absorbed by the sect, the energy contained within the sacred soldier also grows without a moment.Now, the sword dust has reached the crucial moment of coming into the Holy Class.After such a scene has been maintained for two hours, the magical nuclear power in the hands of the sword dust once again consumes light, then the sword dust immediately from the space belt again took out a few third-order magic nuclei, held in their hands and began to practice again.Time passes silently and quietly, and soon, half a day has passed. In the dark caves, sword dust still maintains its original shape and is cultivated. Around his body, that layer is formed entirely of rich energy. The faint white mist has become thicker and brighter, and the faintly luxurious light that it emits also appears brighter.At this moment, an invisible momentum suddenly emanated from the dust of the sword dust, hushed the entire cave, the momentum continued to increase, and eventually it gradually evolved into a gale, the wind whistled between the narrow caves, will be on the ground Thick layers of dust are rolled up and scraped all around.A faint tumult of a faint white fog formed entirely of scorpion energy around the body of the sword dust immediately followed the inhalation of the sword whale by a long whale. In a blink of an eye, it was absorbed by the sword dust. At this moment, The speed at which the sword dust absorbs energy is actually several times faster than before, and his strength has also entered the status of the sages from the great sages at this moment.However, at the moment when Jian Chen was promoted, his purple and green spots in Dan Tianzhong did not continue to grab energy with Jian Chen.The sword dust sitting cross-legged on the ground finally opened its eyes slowly. Just in the moment when his eyes were open, a faint light from the eyes shot in his eyes and flashed away. Although the light of God was faint, it was dark. In the cave, it is so obvious.Feeling the powerful and powerful power of the body that is several times more powerful than the previous days, the face of sword dust finally reveals a smile of excitement, and then a silvery long sword suddenly appears in the hands of the entire sword. There was a faint silver-white swordman, which dispelled some of the darkness nearby.The fierce light flashed away from the eyes of the sword and dust. The next moment, the silvery white light on the sword was put on. A strong sword air radiated out. Then, the long sword of the sword dust suddenly punctured and saw a small one. The Jianqi escaped from the shackles of the sword and shot at a lightning speed toward the wall of the cave.In the dark caves, with a dazzling flash of silver-white light, the Jian Qi has already shot into the wall of the cave as fast as lightning, silently disappearing into it, disappearing, only in the The hard stone wall left a very small trace.Sword dust body slightly shook, has been like a ghostly approach to the wall before the light wind sword piercing against the wall piercing."Oh!"With a slight noise, the hard rock on the wall of the cave is like a tofu-like fragile face in front of the breeze sword. The breeze sword is full of four-foot long swords and is completely in the wall, leaving only The next hilt is outside.When the light wind sword pierced into the wall of the cave, sword dust did not feel the slightest resistance. This hard cave wall was more fragile than a piece of tofu in front of the light wind sword. Although sword dust can be used to insert a light wind sword into a hard rock wall, it is definitely not as easy as it is now.Gradually pull out the light wind sword, at this moment, the heart of the sword dust is full of self-confidence, even if he once again faced with heaven and earth, although not to win, but it is definitely a battle.After the prowess was promoted to the sages, the sword dust had no more concerns about the possibility of facing a group of mercenary besieging scenes. Even if there were big masters among them, he could retreat.Recovering the breeze sword, Jian Chen patted the accumulated dust on these days, and then lit the torch that hung on the wall, leaving no caves.When the sword dust came out of the cave again, time had passed five days. The sky was bright and the sun was shining bright. It was at noon.Dust eyes looked indifferently glanced around the eye, after finding a position, they left here."I hope that the mercenary of the Black Panzer mercenary regiment will not let me down." Walking in the forest all over the weeds, Jian Chen mumbled to himself, and now he has lifted his strength to the sages. The super fighting power, in this small Wake City, but few people can make him jealous.The sword dust leisure stroll in the Warcraft Mountains, this area is in the more peripheral areas of the Warcraft Mountains, haunted are some of the second and third-order World of Warcraft, change is done before, sword dust may have to be careful, but now, as long as it does not meet Gold and silver snakes such aliens, even if the third-order World of Warcraft, but also on the sword dust does not create the slightest threat.At this moment, Jian Jian’s ears moved slightly, and the pace of advance suddenly stopped. From the front, a vague voice came and heard the voice, and the talking person was approaching in his direction, but because of a dense plant Blocked in the front, resulting in blocked sight of the sword dust, so you can not see each other at all."Harry, we have all been searching here for a few days. We have met several heads of Warcraft. But we can't find a person who is similar to the sword dust. You said that the sword dust is still not here. It won't be long ago. The news escaped.""Fiji, you don't have to complain here. The Mountain of Warcraft is so big. And the terrain is so complicated. If you want to find out how difficult a person is, you must have a few bars in it, and it is said that the sword dust has been seriously injured. Even if you want to escape, you will not be able to escape any far. Maybe you are now hiding in some place to heal it.""Well, I believe that most of the dust in the sword dust now lies where he can heal and he does not dare to come out.""Isn't it? There are so many people who entered the Mountain of Warcraft this time. To say that Jian Chen is not hiding in a very secret place, I am afraid it has long been discovered, and it is considered that it has not been discovered and it has allowed World of Warcraft to eat for a long time. It's up.""It makes sense that we can still find it slowly. Even if we can't find people, we can also kill some World of Warcraft and take a few magic nuclei to practice."When they spoke, several people just plucked away the plants that were blocking the road ahead, and the sword dust standing in front of them appeared in their eyes.At this moment, the sword dust is still wearing a skin, with a little dirt on his face, blocking his face.After the discovery of sword dust, those mercenaries were slightly stunned. At this time, Jian Chen finally saw their faces. The other side had a total of 78 or more people. They were all about 30 years old. They were all gray and dirty. Their clothes were dilapidated and they apparently had to stay in the Mountains of Warcraft. It's been a few days.At this time, the famous person walking in front stepped forward and asked Zheng Jian: "This friend, look at you, must have spent a period of time in the Mountains of Warcraft."Jianchen's face showed a faint smile and slowly said: "Yes, I did stay in the mountains of Warcraft for some days.""Then I do not know this friend, do you know a few major events that happened in the city of WACKER recently." The mercenary looked at the sword dust tightly and asked again.Wen Yan, Jian Chen's face showing a trace of funny smile, said: "I wonder if your mouth is related to a matter called a sword dust.""Yes, it is this matter. It seems that this friend is also mostly because of this incident. If you enter the World of Warcraft Mountains, you must be a player. You must first enter the World of Warcraft Mountains than some of us. I just don't know that this friend can have some. News about Jian Chen.” The mercenary asked immediately.“What is the news of Jian Chen?” The smile on Jian Chen’s face was very strange. He nodded slightly and said, “You asked me if I asked the right person. Yes, I just knew where the sword dust was.”"What! You know the whereabouts of sword dust!"Hearing, a group of maids across the street suddenly surprised, but the mercenary who asked the question, his face was accompanied by an inexplicable surprise, this sentence he asked at random, he did not even think of the opposite This man wearing a fur skin can give him a satisfactory answer, but he did not expect that the facts often came out unexpectedly. What he casually asked was a sentence that actually allowed him to beat him."This friend, I don't know where the Jian Chen is now." Immediately a domestic mercenary could not wait to ask it. It seems that Jian Chen is a treasure trove of gold in their eyes. He did not consider whether he had this strength. Deal with.Jian Chen's face hung a faint smile, slowly said: "As far away as the horizon, in front of eyes!" Jian Chen looked to the eyes of several mercenaries, with a hint of playful look."Several great saints also came up with me. It seems that the high reward of the ten thousand amethyst coins of the Tianxiong family has dazzled many people's minds." Jian Chen thought in secret."As far as the sky is right, it is near." After listening to the words of Jian Chen, several mercenaries whispered to themselves and thought about the meaning of this sentence, but soon a person with a bright mind awakened, suddenly Raised his head, a pair of eyes could not believe staring at the sword dust from their distance of ten meters, exclaimed: "What, if you are sword dust.!"