The Breeze Sword appears to be a smart sword with a sense of intellect. After flying around the air, it flies back into the hands of the sword dust.The sword dust reached out and took over the light wind sword. At that moment, the silver sword on the breeze sword was covered with bright red blood. Nevertheless, it still couldn't conceal the edge belonging to it.When the light breeze sword just returned to the hands of sword dust, the blood on the sword body seemed to have been given a life-like rapid flow, and finally gathered at the tip of the sword to make it a little, one by one, a drop of dripping ground. In the soil, in the blink of an eye, the original breezy sword, which was originally stained with blood, regained its original brilliance. The bright, mirror-like, blade-shaped body was accompanied by a sword. The silver-and-white sword awns, making it in a green forest, exudes extraordinary eye-catching brilliance.The dusty eyes of the sword dust swept away the body, and then handed a light wind sword to the body of a Zhou mercenary regiment before the light wind sword tip to the waist belt in his waist is a pick, directly around the In the waistband of his waist, he picked up fat and fell in a place not far from the clean ground.Subsequently, Jian Chen used the sword to pick up the space belts of the members of the Zhou's Mercenary Corps one by one, and gathered in one place. Soon, he accumulated a small number of space belts.After collecting all the space belts on the members of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps, Jian Chen also took back the light wind sword and then came to the space belt and checked one by one to get the magic nucleus and coins inside. Take it out and put it one by one on the ground.In a little while, more than forty space belts were searched for dust by the sword dust. In front of him, a small pile of magic nuclei and coins were piled. There were more than 300 magic nuclei, almost all of them. There are less than one-tenth of the second-order and third-order. As for the fourth-order magic nucleus, there is none at all.Almost half of the other coins are copper coins and silver coins. There are only a few gold coins, about 500 or so. As for the Amethyst coins, there are less than 50 in total and the coins are added together. About seventy amethyst coins.The sword dust is not too few. All of the magic nucleus and all the coins were taken into their own space belt. Then they left here, leaving only a large pile of space belts and the bodies of the grounds here. All in the space belt. Valuable things have been taken out by the sword dust. Those left in it are all worthless, but they also need nothing.Jian Chen did not stay away from here, but continued to hide in a tree two kilometers away, waiting for those mercenaries who wanted to seize him. He already knew that there are many mercenaries in the Warcraft Mountains now. In search of him, he will be rewarded and rewarded by the Tianxiong family. However, because the Mountain of Warcraft is too big and the terrain inside is very complicated, even people who are separated by 100 meters are hard to find each other. For such a long time, the mercenaries that Jian Chen met were pitifully low.In the Mountain of Warcraft, the mercenaries scattered all around are gathering in this direction, and the mercenary group of Zhou’s mercenary only arrived one step ahead.In a little while, the sword dust dwelling on a big tree once again found a group of mercenaries passing under him. There were only a dozen or so people in this group. In terms of the number of people, and the Zhou’s mercenary group that was previously encountered was basically It can't be compared, but the sword dust can clearly feel that each of these dozen people has the strength of the sages, and the overall strength is not weaker than that of the Zhou’s mercenary group.When the team of mercenaries had just walked under the tree hidden by the sword dust, all of a sudden, the sword dust leapt down from the dense branches, his legs forced on the trunk, and the whole body suddenly accelerated to shoot at one of them. At the same time, a light wind sword appeared in the hand and exudes sharp sword air toward the man.The reaction of those dozens of people was also just that, when the sword dust just made a movement, they were aware of it, but the speed of the sword dust was very fast. When they turned, the sword dust was very close to them. And the light wind sword in his hand is transformed into a silvery white light that pierces the mercenary’s right shoulder when the other party has not yet responded.At the same time, the rest of the dozens of people have also resorted to the sacred soldiers. Several people have been yelling toward the sword dust, and several people have immediately rushed in to try to envelop the sword dust.Jian Chen pulled out the light wind sword that pierced the other person's right shoulder, and then Jianguang continued to blink, and instantly danced several swords. The sacred warriors who had cut them at the same time were blocked and then went back to silver. The wind sword resembles a viper and stabbed one person again.This man hurriedly took off the sacred soldier to resist, but the sword dust attacked very quickly, only to resist the two strokes were forced to be overwhelmed, and finally the right shoulder was pierced.    "you wanna die!"Seeing that another person was injured, the remaining several domestic commissioners suddenly burst into fury. The sacred soldier with a strong Holy Power, relentlessly and fully committed to the sword dust.The sword dust drifted back, and the body leaned back more than ten meters. As he retired, the attack on the other side fell to an end. In the end, several sacred soldiers slammed on the ground with a strong sacred force and pulled out a one-meter deep pit directly.Jian Chen held the sword in his right hand, pointed the sword tip to the ground, and stared calmly at the dozen mercenaries opposite."Dare to play sneak attacks with Laozi. Your hybrid is impatient."A burly man's cursed curse, and then lifted his two-handed giant sword in his hand toward the sword dust."Bantu!" Just a few steps from the big man, he was stopped by a middle-aged man with a fortitude.The big man turned his head and stared at him with an angry look at the middle-aged man who had stopped him. He shouted, "Mu Jian, don't stop me. Didn't you see Hadow and Holk getting hurt by this hybrid?"The middle-aged man who had become Mu Jian gently shook his head and immediately ignored the big man. He turned his eyes to Jian Chen and said, "This friend, I don't know why you suddenly attacked us.""You must come here to arrest a man named Jian Chen." Jianqi tone said lightly.Hearing that, the middle-aged man named Mu Jian's eyes suddenly fell on the breezy sword in the hands of sword dust. Then he seemed to be thinking of something. His face could not help but changed a bit, and Chen Sheng said: “Are you a sword dust? .""Yes, I am the sword dust!" Jian Chen smiled on his face, but this smile has a bit of evil.Wen Yan said that more than a dozen mercenaries looked at each other, and many people showed an excited look in their eyes. They did not expect that the dust they had been searching for might appear here. If they were captured at this time, then this Amethyst coins are not theirs. However, the middle-aged man named Mu Jian did not see the slightest happy face on his face, but he was a bit dignified."It turned out that you are sword dust. This is really too......."    "shut up!"Immediately there was a mercenary who could not help but laugh with excitement. However, if he hadn’t spoken yet, he was interrupted by Mu Jian. His eyes turned his head and looked at the mercenary, and then he gazed at him. Look to Jian Chen, slightly handed over, said: "I did not expect that you are the recent Weiming sword dust, in the next Mu Jian, today you can see the elegant style of the sword dust, is really lucky in the next three students."