Chapter 158 Three strokesSeeing that the dust and the head of the team are about to move forward, the dozen Han Chinese are also far behind, and a pair of eyes are not staring at the sword dust man.Knife man clutching his hands a giant sword, staring at the sword dust sharply, and his face is a dignified look, can not keep the magic nuclei in their hands, to see this war.Although it is almost impossible for a great sage to defeat a senior sage within five strokes, the sword stunned the man to see him in such a refreshing manner that he suddenly fell out of his mind, so although he only needs to The sword dust adheres to five strokes in his hands, but this is also a considerable pressure for middle-aged men.Moreover, his heart is still worried that the sword dust will be so readily agreed down, is not to take this opportunity to get rid of themselves, so as to reduce the strength of the B side. Although there is such an idea, but not dare to do anything, he will try it out. Of these, although there is an idea of ​​wanting to keep his magic nucleus, at the same time, he also wants to see the strength of Jian Chen and to see how young How powerful is the character in the end, is it really as rumors say so powerful, but the age of 20 can kill Master Master level.Looking at the dignified expression of Dao’s face, Jian Chen smiled slightly and reached out slightly. “Please!”Knife man is also not polite, the Great Sword burst into a strong sacred force, rushed toward the sword dust in the light of the pace.The body of sword dust transforms into a residual image, and greets the middle-aged man at a very fast pace. The light wind sword in his hand is vaporized into a silvery light with a sharp sword, and the lightning flashes out.Looking at sword dust as quickly as a lightning-like sword, the middle-aged man's eye pupil slightly shrank, and then the two-handed giant sword slammed down in his hands and slashed toward the breeze sword with sword dust.    "Ding!"With a clear sound of steel clamor, two weapons that were completely inconsistent in size collided violently in mid-air, and a strong aggression broke out, turning into a wave of wind wandering around.As soon as the two weapons collided together, the middle-aged man's face was slightly changed, and a trace of shock flashed in his eyes. From this tiny sword with only two fingers wide, suddenly came a complete incompatibility with its physical strength. Strong force, shocked his hands holding the Great Sword, are tingling."With a single-handed sword, it will be able to fight with me. It seems that the rumors are indeed true." Sword secretly frightened men.However, just in the mind of a knife man who just converted his stocks, the second sword of Jian Chen was stabbed again and the speed was even faster than before.Knife man's face is extremely dignified, sword sword is extremely fast, simply does not give him extra preparation time, then resist the feeling of a strand of tingling sent from his arm, strongly lifting the Great Sword Cross the front of yourself and resist the breeze sword from the sword prick.When the light wind sword was stabbed on the sword in front of him by a knife man, a force that was more terrible than before was transmitted, and the man's footsteps uncontrollably retreated and he took hold. The hands of the sword can't help but tremble twice."You have lost!"Just as the knife man had just stabilized his body, a faint voice came from the front. When the middle-aged man reacted, his face turned pale instantly and there was no trace of blood. On his forehead, he was even more dissatisfied. Fine sweat.I saw in front of him, a narrow and long sword that shone with Hanmang. I didn't know when it was already firmly in front of him, and the tip of the sword just arrived at his throat.Swordsman's face was sluggish, and he couldn't believe the long sword standing in front of his throat. For a moment, he couldn't speak.In this scene, dozens of big men who watched from behind the knives were unbelievable. Their eyes were sluggish, and they looked at it with a gentle touch. The man's throat sword, scared to speak."This is the third move. You lose!"Recovering the light breeze sword, the sword dust calmly looked at the knife in front of the man, the tone is very calm.Three strokes! Jian Chen used only three strokes to defeat a senior sages.The Skull Man quickly recovered and looked at the sword dust in horror. He took a deep breath and said in a trembling tone, "Well, a good sword."A faint smile appeared on the face of Jian Chen. "Now you should know how to do it."The knife man quickly calmed down and looked at the sword with a deep look. Although Jian Chen’s face was covered with dirt, he couldn’t see the appearance of sword dust, but in his eyes, Still can see the young face of sword dust.Knife man took back the giant sword with his hands and put his hand slightly in front of the sword dust, saying: “I would like to thank you for your mercy.” Then the knife man turned his head and looked at the dozen of Han behind him, secretly sighing, helpless: “everyone Take all the magic cores out of your body."Hearing that, the dozen Han hesitated slightly, then one by one with a hard face, very reluctantly took out the magic nucleus in the space belt and visited them one by one.After watching the sword dust and the sword knife men fighting, they also know in their minds that as long as their magic nuclei, they do not take their lives to be extraordinarily gracious to them, otherwise, according to the strength of the sword dust has just demonstrated, Even if they are all together, the final page will only be the end of the entire army. Because, as the strongest head of their team, they also took no more than five strokes in the hands of Jian Chen, let alone them.Knife man took out a pocket from his own space belt, first put his magic nuclei into his pockets, and then he took the initiative to go and put all the magic nuclei of the dozens of people into this pocket. In the end, only the pockets were handed to the front of the sword dust, the eyes looked a bit obsessed with the eyes full of magic nuclei pockets, whispered: "All the magic nuggets on our body, all here. ”This pocket magic nucleus, in total there are at least a hundred, of which half are third-order magic nucleus, the rest are almost second-order magic nucleus, only a small part of the first-order magic nucleus.The sword dust reached out to the pocket full of magic nuclei, thrown directly into the space belt, said: "My sword dust is also the one who keeps promises, you all go."Afterwards, the Sword Man did not say anything, and with more than a dozen people left this place in a depressed mood.Looking at the disappearance of a few people, the sword dust exhaled a long, languid body on some of the trees behind him and murmured: “The past few days are really tossing, but they’re tired. But the harvest is very rich. The magic kernels harvested these days are necessary for the cultivation of me for a long time. Well, I don’t know whether to thank the Tianxiong family or because of this he."After a little rest in the place, the sword dust will stand up again and whisper: "Now there are few people in the mountains of Warcraft. In such a vast area, I would not bother to go one by one to find one. Anyway, anyway. Now that the magic nucleus is good enough, let them go for a while. At the moment, you should improve your strength again. Otherwise, if you are at the same time confronting several senior sectarians, I am afraid it will not be your opponent."