Jian Chen chuckled and said: "Don't dare to do it. You are too eminent to you. You must have entered the World of Warcraft Mountains. You are also looking for a place to go.""Yes, we just came to catch you." The sword dust voice just fell, just the name of the Han stopped by Mu Jian loudly opened his mouth.The name of the big man made Mu Jian's face slightly change. He turned his head and gave a glimpse of the big man at a glance. The dubious name of the man's face was full of doubts. The second-placed monk was puzzled.Mu Jian arched his sword in front of sword dust, and he smiled and said: "You, Lord of the Dust, enter the World of Warcraft Mountains in the next few people, but in fact it is just a lively look. There is no apprehension of your thoughts. You must have misunderstood us. .""Misunderstanding!" said Jian Chenpi with a smile and said: "If I'm not mistaken, I just seem to hear the friend next to you saying that you are just trying to arrest me before entering this mountain of Warcraft. How could it be? Misunderstanding."Hearing that, Mu Jian's face showed a faint look. A few of them came to the Mountain of Warcraft, indeed to capture the sword dust, although they had heard about the strength of the sword dust and died in his hands. The number of Master's Masters was several, but after all it was rumored that many people remained skeptical about the situation in the rumors, and even Mu Jian and his party were no exceptions.However, after witnessing the strength of Jian Chen in person, Mu Jian immediately judged that he and others were not opponents of Jian Chen. Even if they occupied an advantage in numbers, they would not be able to capture the sword dust, and they could To withstand no small losses, and Mu Jian is also very clear in mind, if you just want to take the lives of the two swordsman, I am afraid that they have long been lying on the ground, so at this moment in the heart of Mu Jian has given up the sword dust The idea, at least, is that at this moment, it is still not possible to collide with the sword dust. Otherwise, it will only be his or her own team to suffer losses.Seeing that Mu Jian was silent, Jian Chen once again said, “I don’t want to kill innocent people. Bring out the magic nucleus in your space belt. As your life-saving money, if not, then don’t blame me. The heart is very hot." Behind the scene, a fierce killing machine flickered from the eyes of the sword dust.After listening to the words of Jian Chen, more than a dozen people across the face showed anger and a disdainful look. Not all of them had such bright eyes as Mu Jian."Dust dust, you only know how to play the sneak attack villain, what qualifications to say this, to eat your grandfather sword."The words of Jian Chen irritated many people, and suddenly another burly man rushed toward Jian Chen with a giant sword with both hands."And slow!" Mu Jian stopped the man in a flash and ignored the anger of the big man. He turned to look at Jian Chen. Chen Sheng said: "We have no intention of fighting against you. Do you really want to persecute? We can't be."There was a sneer on the face of the sword dust and said: "I still say that, leaving the magic nucleus, you can let go; otherwise, it is only my own hands." Then, the sword dust tone paused slightly. Then he continued: "However, if you really start your hand, there will be some deaths and injuries that you can't blame me."The sword dust had no room for discussion, and Mu Jian's face became a bit gloomy. Shen Sheng said: "As the saying goes, everything stays in the front line, and it will be a good idea to speak in the future. You are too exaggerated. "." Those magical nuclei in their own space belt are themselves and others risking their lives to kill World of Warcraft in the Warcraft Mountains, and then accumulate after a long time, even though Mu Jian knows himself and others once and sword dust Killing it will surely cause some damage, but it is impossible for them to hand over all the magic cores that have been accumulated for many days."Mu Jian, and what he did with so much nonsense, he would not be able to grab him directly, but he would also like us all to hand over all the magic nucleus in our pouch. This is simply a big joke." In the back of a middle-aged man with a blond hair, he said in a deep voice, his voice was disdainful.“Dust dust, although you hurt both of our brothers, but it was only because you attacked it. If we fight positively, we have more than a dozen people together. You are not necessarily our opponents. The end result is at best but it’s both. This will not be of any benefit to us, especially to you. Once you are seriously injured, I am afraid that you will be very unfavorable to you. After all, in this World of Warcraft, people who come to arrest you are almost everywhere. This is either It's just like that, either we'll just kill a fish and we'll die. In short, we want us to hand out the magic nucleus. This is absolutely impossible." He was talking about a tall person. Obviously, he also looked at the sword dust. The strength of sword dust is not weak.Jianshan eyes Hanmang flashes, slowly raised his hand, light wind sword, Shen Sheng said: "In that case, then it will fight it." Said to face a dozen people rushed past.Mu Jian is no longer nonsense, holding a long sword and dozens of people behind him rushed past, a dozen people immediately battle together.Each of these dozens of people has the strength of the sages. Before the sword dust was changed, it was still a bit difficult for him to resist the siege of more than a dozen sages. But now, the strength has reached the same level as the samurai class. The siege of the same class master has become more than adequate.Dust muffled himself with his uncanny pace, and the quick sword that was difficult for the Sage-class masters to resist, and even more than a dozen of the Sages were fighting in spite of the fact that the sword dust accounted for an absolute disadvantage in numbers. However, not long after the two sides took part in the fighting, the dozens of people were gradually forced into the wind by the sword dust. During this period, some people were nearly impaled by the sword dust sword several times, but at the crucial moment, they were surrounded by people. Saved, Rao was so, but many of those dozens of people were stabbed with sword dust.Swords and bodies are constantly passing through the crowd like ghosts, dodging the intensive attacks from all sides, and the breeze sword in his hands has quickly formed a vague shadow.When the light wind sword flies rapidly, the friction with the air continuously sends out a subtle burst of sound, and the dense sound seems to be in a straight line."Oh!"The sharp sword tip of the breeze sword was full of sharp sword air and pierced the joint of one person's right arm. At the same time, a sword air blew into his body along the light wind sword, destroying the function of his right arm.The man immediately issued a painful scream, and a large sword held in his hand disappeared. The joint on the right shoulder was pierced by a sword. He was unable to get his weapon and lost his fighting ability."Touch!" The sword dust dipped in his abdomen and kicked his entire body out. Then he swayed slightly to escape the attack from the surrounding area, while the light-winded sword flew toward another person with lightning. A few swords, forcing the other party in a hurry, immediately took advantage of the other party's resistance, and it was a sword piercing his right shoulder.