Chapter 153 Resurrection of the Great TeacherInjury to the right shoulder, which will directly affect the use of weapons and the exertion of strength, these people who were smashed through the right shoulder with the sword dust sword, the injury is even more serious than imagined, the breeze sword contains Sharp and full of anger, they have destroyed the function of their right shoulder and lost their fighting ability.Several injured people have only retired, and the battle between Jian Chen and the remaining dozens is still going on.The continuous collision of weapons in the battlefield continued, and the strong sacred force aftermath was centered on the crowd and raged in all directions. It pressed some weeds tightly to the ground. The dust in the air sank and the shadows of the belligerents were obscured. In it, it is unclear.    "what….."    "what……"From time to time several screams of painful screams were heard, and it was not that someone was kicked by a kick. It was a bloody exit circle. There were more than a dozen people on the court who were constantly injured. Not much time. The circle of more than a dozen people was reduced to only a few people.The intense movement made the image of sword dust look a bit embarrassing, but he was taken down and he did not receive the slightest harm. After the sword cut off a sacred soldier, the breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust once again turned into a silvery light, piercing the man's right shoulder when he had not yet responded."I don't want to indiscriminately kill you and give you your last chance. If you are still stubborn, then don't blame me for killing me." The Jian Chen action did not stop in the slightest, he shouted loudly, and his eyes flashed intently, apparently. Moved the killing machine. Before that, he had been merciless to these dozen or more people. If these people were still stubborn, he had to kill him.In Tianyuan, such things are common, so the Jian Chen does not feel that he has any fault. After all, the world is a world that respects strength. The strong can cover the sky and do whatever it wants, while the weak are Always have the right to speak every time.Nowadays, with so many mercenaries and all forces entering the Mountain of Warcraft, almost all have the purpose of holding the sword dust and then handing it over to the Tianxiong family. Even more than a dozen people across the country are no exception, if not the strength of the sword dust is stronger than They, I am afraid, is now completely another situation.After listening to these words, the middle-aged man named Mu Jian showed a struggling look on his face and he swept away at the few people who had been injured and lost their combat effectiveness. He finally gritted his teeth and shouted, "Stop!"Mu Jian apparently had a strong reputation in the hearts of these people. When he spoke, few people who were still fighting with Jian Chen immediately swiftly retreated. They all looked at Jian Chen in an overabundant position and looked more closely. In the hands of the sword dust, it was a sword with only two finger widths. For the breeze sword, if the speed of lightning is almost as fast as lightning, they feel it personally. One by one, they are all scared. They have just been able to engage in war. However, they have been wounded under the breeze sword several times. Fortunately, it is important. The moment was saved by others.Mu Jian's eyes looked a little complicated and looked at the sword dust. In the hands of the sword dust, the light wind sword contaminated with silky blood stopped on the meeting. His look was decadent and bleak and said: “We all put all the magic cores in our hands. Take it out. Your Excellency Jianzong is already merciless to us. Otherwise, it's not just that you are injured.This time, no one would ever be unconvinced. More than a dozen people were full of decadence. They silently took out all the magic nucleus in their space belts and then put them on the ground.After the match was over, all of them understood that even if a dozen or more of them were not the opponents of the young man in front of them, the speed of the long sword was so fast that even they resisted fully and only supported a few. The round was overwhelmed.Each of these dozen or so sages has a lot of magic nuclei. Although there are not many third-order stars, there are many first- and second-order ones."Dust dust, here is all the magic of our body, and now we can go." Mu Jian's face is not very good-looking, Shen Sheng said.Jian Chen eyes swept the small pile of magic nucleus on the ground, his face could not help showing a trace of a smile, said: "If you take it out earlier, then it is not a matter of nothing, OK, although I do not dare to call myself a gentleman , but I'm also a person who keeps his promise. You all go."Mu Jian and others looked at the small pile of magic nucleus on the ground. They showed a slight look of dismay in their eyes. They sighed helplessly and left here with a feeling of loss. Although not many of these magic nuclei, but that is their inventory for more than 10 years."Remember, I don't want to see you again to deal with me. Otherwise, I will never leave a half-hearted feeling. You better leave the World of Warcraft."Just a dozen people did not walk a few steps, and the flat voice of Jian Chen came from behind.After listening to these words, the figures of Mu Jian and others were all slight, but no one said anything and soon disappeared into the dense jungle.Jian Chen put away the breeze sword, slowly came forward to the pile of magic nucleus body, bending down these magic nuclei through the income space belt, this pile of magic nuclei is estimated that there are more than 200, most of which are The first and second, third-order magic nucleus is less than twenty.When these magic nuclei were all in the belt of income space, the sword dust did not hurry up and straightened up. A sneer smirked on his face and suddenly said: “Friend, it’s been so long. Seeing enough is enough, isn’t it? It should come out.""哈哈 哈哈 ......"As soon as the dust of the sword dust fell, a laughter sounded in the forest. Then, a gray shadow was seen shooting lightning, and eventually fell steadily on the ground twenty meters away from Jian Chen.The old man is an old man. It looks like she is 50 or 60 years old. The old man is flushed with red eyes. His bright eyes are full of gods. The back of his face is covered with a little silver-haired long hair scattered over his shoulders. Looks a bit lonely, the old man wearing a gray robe, taller than the sword dust even larger, although he was standing there so often, but the sword dust felt an invisible pressure will shroud his own.Faced with this old man, Jian Chen did not dare to take any lightly, his face became a little dignified, and his eyes fixed on the old man. Slowly, he said: "The Great Teacher!"The old man smiled: "Little Doll, I didn't think you could still see the old man's strength, yes, yes, really good, it seems that you do have a bit of strength, and you mustn't catch the old things. ”