The fifteenth chapter Kadi Qiuli ()After listening to this, Jian Chen's heart moved again and asked again: "The tower, now your strength is great, for example, you can lift multiple objects.""When I was at home, I would be able to lift four hundred kilos of big rocks." The tower said proudly. When he talked about this, his face was full of pride.Hearing this answer, Jian Chen's face could not help but stare, watching the tower's eyes filled with weird, four hundred pounds of stone even if an ordinary adult wants to lift it is an impossible thing, and the tower actually With this age, we can lift four hundred kilograms of boulder, which makes the sword dust unbelievable."The iron tower, then how old are you this year?" Now the sight of the sword dust looking to the tower has become different from before."Sixteen years old." The tower chewed the food in his mouth and said in a vague mood.The sight of the sword dust looking to the tower once again changed, and said: "Iron tower, your strength is so great since childhood?""Yeah, my strength is bigger than others when I was young, but I have to eat more food. I used to eat at home when I was at home, so I often went hunting alone in the mountains and baked myself." The tone of the tower Very flat.The sword dust took a deep breath, and now he has already affirmed that the tower is a natural god. Otherwise, it is absolutely impossible to lift the four hundred kilos of huge stone with such a young age, and even more surprised the sword dust. Yes, the tower has often been hunting alone before entering the mountains. A child just 16 years old can do this. This can not help but make the sword dust look a bit higher on the tower. After all, there are not only wild animals in the mountains, but occasionally one or two World of Warcraft will appear. The strength of Warcraft is not comparable to those of beasts.At this time, the tower touched his stomach with satisfaction, stood up from the stool, and laughed at the sword dust: “Changyang Xiangtian, I am full, I have to rest in the dormitory first, tomorrow there is a game. ."Jian Chen nodded with a smile and said: "I hope you can enter the top three in tomorrow's finals."The tower nodded and nodded in his eyes. His eyes were firm, and he said, “I will work hard to win the top three, a first-order magic nucleus, which can generally sell ten purple gold coins.”Not long after walking away from the tower, Jian Chen hurriedly ate dinner and returned to the dormitory. When he just closed the dormitory door, he suddenly heard a knock."Four younger brothers, you are not there." The voice of Changyang Tiger was slightly louder and louder outside the door.Wen Sheng, Jian Chen slightly surprised, did not expect to actually have a full two days no trace of the big brother. Then the sword dust immediately opened the door and called Changyang Tiger into the house."Four younger brothers, I do not know if you have successfully achieved the promotion in the new match contest." When he first entered the room, Changyang Hu gazed at the opening of the sword and said that he could not wait.Jian Chen nodded slightly and said: "I have successfully promoted to the last eight, and tomorrow is the final duel."After listening to these words, Chang Yang Hu's face suddenly showed a happy look, excited: "Four brothers, you really powerful ah, no wonder than the second sister and the third brother to come early to Carcass College." Said, Changyang tiger from the body Take out a thumb-sized crystal and stuff it directly into the hands of the sword dust. "The four younger brothers, this is a first-order magic nucleus. It was my two days and several friends who went to the forest behind the college to join forces to kill one head. The first-order World of Warcraft gets, big brother is specially prepared for you, you use it, well, the time is late, Big Brother does not bother you to rest, tomorrow will have to carry on the final match, four younger brothers you can certainly We must work hard and strive for the first place." Once the words were finished, Chang Yang Hu turned around and walked out of the room, gently closing the door.At the moment Changyang Tiger closed the door, Jian Chen's eyes inadvertently captured a full three-inch long wound on Changyang Tiger's right arm.Silently watching the first-order magic nucleus quietly lying in the palm of his hand, felt the above-mentioned temperature that had not yet completely receded. For a time, the heart of the sword dust was difficult to calm down.Although it is only a first-order magic nucleus, but from this magic nucleus, Jian Chen clearly feels that the big brother Chang Yanghu cares about himself. When he leaves his brother, Chang Yanghu, there is more wound on the arm than the mainland. The sword dust is not needed. I do not know that it must be the time to kill the World of Warcraft, thought of this, this can not help but let the hearts of the sword dust a warm, heart suddenly had more than a past life never appeared in the mood.After standing in the room for a moment, Jian Chen finally took a long breath and gradually calmed himself down. Then he sat down on the bed and sat down and continued to practice. As for the first-order magic nucleus, Jian Chen did not use it, but he was put into a space belt. For tomorrow's battle, Jian Chen has this strong confidence to get the first, after all, he was one in the previous life. The master who stood at the top of the peak, although he had lost a powerful repair after his reincarnation, all his swordsmanship and his accomplishments on the kendo had already deeply reflected his soul. If not lost, these will be the strong capital of Jian Chen in the future.The next morning, Jian Chen immediately went to the place where the contest took place after breakfast, perhaps because the winner will be separated today. Therefore, the people watching the crowd have to be more numerous and extra than the previous two days. Most of those people are old school students.The contest field on the playground was adjusted last night. It has been changed from the original five to four. Not only is the area bigger than before, but even the level of hardness is not comparable to that of yesterday’s contest. .At this moment, Jian Chen seemed to feel something. He looked back slightly and saw that his older brother, Chang Yang Hu, was struggling to open the crowd and walk in his own direction.Observing the eyes of Jian Chen, Changyang Hu grinned and quickly dismissed the person standing in front of him and came to Jian Chen. He reached out and patted the shoulder of Jian Chen, and smirked: “Four younger brothers, today you can We must work hard. Oh, Big Brother does not ask you to get the first place. As long as you can enter the top three on the line." For Changyang Tiger, the Magic Bonus of the game reward is only a small thing, the most important is a ranking, although a The level of magic nuclei is expensive, but it is still not seen by the young masters of Changyang.Jian Chen smiled and said: "Brother, you can rest assured that I will not let you down."Soon it was time for the game. This game was drawn from the semi-finals of the semi-finals. After the opponents were drawn by lottery, the sword dust immediately went to the ring, and soon after that, as opponents of the sword dust this game also slowed down. Slowly stepped up and down, but to surprise the sword dust, this opponent is actually a girl, precisely the girl who had previously had a conflict with him - Katie Qiuli.Katie Qiuli was dressed in a dark red outfit. Although she was only 16 or 17 years old, she was very good in her body development. The convex bulge, the skinny skinny, and her tight-fitting attire belonged to her. The woman's slender figure is perfectly sketched out, coupled with a natural beauty face and white tender skin, now she already has the capital for the normal man, and no doubt, Kadi Qiuli In the future, it will be a beautiful woman who is going to be a country, but he may be born in a big family. In the eyebrows of Kadi Qiuli, she always has the arrogance.The sword dust is standing on the ring with an empty hand. The reason why there is a freshman contest is because the College of Kargas wants to distinguish the potential of each new student through this form. Therefore, the contest is not allowed to use the blade at all, and Before the power of the saint is reached, it is impossible to condense sacred soldiers in the body. Therefore, all new students fight through the fists.Kadi Qiuli looked into Jian Chen's eyes with a hint of pride. "You did not disappoint us. You were not very arrogant in the cafeteria that day. Let me teach you a lesson today. "Kadi Qiuli's voice is very crisp and sweet.After listening to these words, there was a sneer of disdain on the face of the sword dust. There were always many people who were born in aristocratic families who did not know the height of the sky."Oh!"With a loud bell, it officially foreshadowed the beginning of the contest.With the establishment of four full-scale platforms, eight players played at the same time on the four platforms. With the bells, the four fighters who participated in the battle all moved at the same time.Kadi Qiuli broke her legs and quickly ran toward Jian Chen. However, when the dust was only three meters away from the sword dust, the whole person suddenly jumped up from the ground and kicked his way to the sword dust face, though Kadi Qiuli is only sixteen or seven years old, but her skill is not weak, and her Holy Power has reached the ninth floor.Jian Chen was standing still and motionless. His face was calm. As soon as Cady Qiuli's leg was close to his face, Jian Chen's neck was only slightly twisted. His head was on one side and he just escaped Cady. Qiuli kicked a leg.Kadi Qiuli was also very quick to reflect. She saw that she had not kicked the target in one leg and she was holding a fist. She immediately hit a fist with a sword dust nose. Because of the help of the body's nine layers of Holy Power, Kadi Qiu Li's fist is not only very fast, but the powerful force contained in the fist can even cause an injury to an ordinary adult. Regarding the sword dust, Kadi Qiuli did not keep the slightest hand, no matter whether it was to defeat the sword dust and could successfully advance to the top four, or because of the lesson of swordsmanship, it did not allow her to stay in the slightest.Jian Chen relaxed and comfortable to deal with the attack of Kadi Qiuli, although the strength of the Holy Spirit is lower than the other side, but the Jian Chen is not an ordinary child after all. He has rich experience in battles from past lives. He is willing to, even if he does not fight back, he can make Kadi Qiuli’s attack even with his own clothes and defeat him within five rounds.Kadi Qiuli had not touched the sword dust even after attacking for several dozen times. Not only did she feel greatly angry, she stopped the punching and continued to attack. After a few breaths, Katie Qiu Li hands on her hips, looked angrily staring at the sword dust, angered and said: "Hey, you can not fight in the end, do not hit, then give me to go under the ring, do not jump here and jump."Jian Chen looked at it with a funny face and greeted Kadi Qiuli. The tone said lightly: “The people on the platform are you, not me. You can't even touch me and you can't beat me.”"You ....." Cady Qiu Li's natural beauty face was flushed with gas, and she couldn't speak with her finger on the sword dust. However, she immediately turned her eyes and sneered, "If I can't touch you, You are not as afraid to face up with me, only to hide and hide there."Oh, is it?" Jian Chen's face hung a hint of inexplicable smile, and looked at Kadi Qiuli's eyes from being full of weird.Kadi Qiuli looked at Jian Chen with a sense of dignity and said: "Of course it is. Otherwise, you will fight with me."Jian Chen looked at the other three ring. After such a long time confrontation, the other three fans quickly won the match. Then they looked back at the plain and looked at Kadi Qiuli, laughing: “Since you If you want me to fight well with you, then well, I will do what you want."