Chapter 154 Killing the Great Teacher (1)The sword dust took a deep breath, although he had long speculated that there was a great chance this time that the Grand Master level master would not be able to resist the temptation of the 10,000 amethyst coins, but he did not think so. Soon I was met by myself. However, there is no fear in the heart of Jian Chen. Even though he can't say that he can beat the Master of the Great Master, he still has a little self-confidence in self-protection.At the same time, Jian Chen’s heart was secretly grateful. Fortunately, he had the foresight to upgrade his strength from the Holy One to the Prophet. Otherwise, according to his original strength, he faced the Master of the Grand Master class. There is only a choice to escape.In the face of a great sage, although Jian Chen felt a great deal of pressure, he quickly calmed down. A pair of plain eyes stared at the opposite old man quietly without any slight emotion fluctuations. : "Old gentleman, did you come to arrest me because of the temptation of this amethyst dollar?""The little doll knows it well. The old man doesn't tell you nonsense. You walk with me. You still want my old man to do it yourself. But you have to understand that the old man is not as good as the dozen teachers. "The old man looked at Jian Chen with ease, and he never put his sword dust in his eyes.The sword dust drew cold, then the light wind sword flashed silver light slowly emerged from the right hand, sword dust right hand holding the sword, tip tilted to the ground, proudly said: “The hand to go to bed is never my style of work, old "Mr. Let's take a look at your best trick." After the words are over, Jian Chen is transformed into a ghost, leaving behind a trail of ghosts, rushing toward the old man at a very fast pace, a distance of just 20 meters. Across the blink of an eye, the light breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust was wrapped in a layer of awkward sword mansions and turned into a silvery light piercing the old man's throat.The careless look between the old man's face vanished in an instant, became a little dignified, and the mighty power of the palm emerged, instantly forming a one-foot-long dagger, and the dagger shone with impatience. Hanmang greeted the light wind sword.The breeze sword and the dagger in the hands of the old man collided with each other in midair, and made a crisp sound. Then a strong sacred force aftermath focused on the two weapons, forming a circle of visible energy, spreading toward the surroundings. In the past, all the weeds that were surrounded by this energy ripple suddenly fractured. When the ripples formed by the power of the Holy Spirit reached the ground, the soft soil on the ground was pressed and sank. .A slight squeaky buzzing sound emanated from the throat of the sword dust, and then the sword dust shape could not be made to recede a few meters away. At each step, a deep footprint was stamped on the ground.“The strength of the Great Teacher was very strong. I did not expect that I was able to reach the stage of Master, and there was still such a big gap between him and the Great Teacher.” Jian Chen’s unconscious path, this time with the old man facing the neck, he obviously fell into the neck. Downwind. After all, this time it is to use the strength of the Holy Power to harden the neck. With sword dust as the strength of the Holy Master, how could it be the old man's opponent?However, there was a hint of jealousy in the hearts of the Jian Chen. From this frontal collision with the old man, he clearly realized that there was such a big gap between his current strength and the Great Teacher, which made him feel calm in his heart. A lot.On the other hand, the old man on the other side of his face looked more dignified and looked at the sword dust in a solemn manner. Shen Chen replied: “The little doll is not simple. It seems that in order to hold you, the old man has to pay a fee. It's all about energy."There was a sneer on the face of Jian Chen. "I am afraid that if you do your best, you will not be able to win me."The old man's eyes flashed in the coldness and he sneered: "The little doll can really speak big, and today the old man will meet you and see how much energy you have."After the words were finished, the dagger in the hands of the old man suddenly burst out with a strong Holy Power, drowning the entire capital, and then the old man's shadow flashed in front of Jian Chen in a very strange way. With a sacred power to cut the air, straight toward the heart of the sword dust stabbed.In the face of a great sage, the sword dust did not dare to take it lightly, and the power of the Holy Spirit in the body worked its best. All the winds were collected on the breeze sword. With the right arm swiping violently, the breeze sword remained a blur in the mid-air. Sword shadow, smashed with the old man pierced with a dagger.Suddenly, an even more powerful burst of energy from the past seems to be raging in all directions. The mud on the ground is flying and the smoke is in the sky. The strong sacred force of the aftermath has stranded some weeds around it into smashing. Plant powder is flying in mid-air.After the blow, the sword dust figure retreated a few steps out of control again, but that old man did not have anything, he chased after the sword dust, the body swayed slightly, and she fled at a very fast speed. Before Jian Jian, the dagger in his hand again stabbed toward the heart of Jian Chen.Dust body slightly twisted, the dagger was almost wiped his clothes stabbed in the past, then, light wind sword suddenly turned into a sword shadow will be enveloped in the old man in it, in a short moment, the sword dust will be extremely fast Speed ​​stabs more than ten swords, each sword, pointing to the vital part of the old man.The old man took back the dagger with lightning, and the long dagger was waved by him as a remnant of the sword."Hey..."With the sound of an intensive weapon collision, the dagger in the hands of the breeze sword and the old man had already collided more than ten times in a short period of time, and the dense noises seemed to connect into a single line.Later, the old man's stature retreated slightly. At the moment, the gray clothes worn on him were not as good as before. There were several cracks in the chest, but there was no blood flow, but in the old man's Behind him, there were a few strands of hair slowly falling on the ground. Look carefully, and the hair behind the old man's hair that was a bit messy was a little shorter than before.On the other hand, Jian Chen did not look much better than the old man. Although he was not hurt, his face was pale.Looking at the few cracks that appeared on his clothes, the old man's face became a bit gloomy and he replied: "I don't know how to lift, don't blame me for being too hot."The sword dust grinned. "There are many sages who died under my sword, but they never died under my breeze sword. Today, you will be the first one.""Hurricane!" The old man was furious and no longer nonsense. He washed and washed toward Jian Chen.