Chapter 150.A short distance of ten meters crossed the bridge and the sword dust darted to the front of a group of Zhou mercenary regiments. The light wind sword did not flutter toward the one who was walking in front of it. The tip of the sword is directed at the throat of the target, and if it is lightning fast, it will soon reach the throat of that name.Feel the speed of this sword is extremely fast, the leader's face suddenly changed dramatically, this time he had no time to resort to the sacred soldiers to resist, under a hurry, the entire upper body strongly reversed, dangerous and dangerous escape This deadly sword, and then he did not hesitate for a moment, his physique immediately flashed back and pulled away from the sword dust.After the strike failed, there was no fluctuation in the look of the sword dust. Then he took the light wind sword towards the rest of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment. With a vague shadow of swords and shadows, there were four strengths and only the Holy One. The mercenary was pierced through the throat, and the armor of the defensive force on them was just as tofu-like in front of the Jianfeng Sword.When it comes to a long story, the incident happened only for a moment. At this time, there were even many people in the Clan of Mercenaries of the Chou Corps who did not respond. Starting from swordsmanship and starting to kill the four mercenaries, the time spent was not even connected. Not a breath.“Stop!” At this time, the mercenary who had escaped from the Jian Chen sword shouted loudly. From the sword dust, if it was a lightning quick sword, he already saw that the strength of the sword dust was extremely strong and it was not easy to deal with. So this At that time, Rao was the strength of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment and did not want to be an enemy for no reason at all.For that person's cry, Jian Chen turned a deaf ear, the Zhou’s mercenary regiment had already made a killing order in his mind, and the light wind sword turned into a flash of destructive sword light, as if it represented the scythe of death, unforgiving. Harvested the lives of members of the Zhou Mercenary Corps.The great saints of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps were unobtrusive in the hands of the sword dust. Many of them did not catch even the sword shadows. They had already been pierced through the throat by a sword. Even the sages In the face of sword dust, the class's people can only resist a few strokes and be harvested by the light wind sword. The sword dust strength is promoted to the sages. For these masters of the samurai level, it has been easier than before. The masters of the samurai level can hardly hurt the sword dust, and even the coat of sword dust is hard to touch. To.The shape of the sword dust continued to flash in the crowd of Zhou’s mercenary regiment. His whole body was as if he had countless eyes. He was always watching the surroundings, and for those who attacked in all directions, he could not know what to expect. Dodging the past, so, despite the fact that the sword dust is enemies on all sides, people who can really hurt him are almost nothing.The attack of sword dust is extremely sharp, and the speed of killing is almost impossible to imagine. Under the situation facing more than 40 people under siege, Jian Chen smashed the twenty-seventh mercenary regiment in just a few short breaths. Several people, among them, also include several masters of the Holy Master.Looking at the sword dust, it took more than 20 people without effort. The leader of the mercenary only felt that his inner heart was cold, and the face hidden in the helmet became Some were pale, but at the same time, in his head, he was also very puzzled and puzzled. He did not know when he had offended the powerful man who was so powerful. People of the Corps are hands-on, and they are merciless.The leader's originally hot head calmed down instantly, and he immediately thought about Fan in his head, then hesitated for a moment, finally he made up his mind and turned to escape.In his heart, he also knows clearly that even if he stays there is no way to change the situation and the final result is only a dead end. With that, it is better to take advantage of this opportunity to escape.However, just as he had not ran out of 20 meters, a silhouette shot at a very fast rate from behind. The speed of arrival was very fast, and he caught up with him in a blink of an eye. The white sword left a subtle light in the air, straight toward the back of his neck.The leader of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment also possessed the strength of the senior sages. He noticed the swiftness and swiftness from the rear. He did not look at it. It was a lazy donkey that rolled away from the past, and then he braced his hands to the ground. The whole body jumped up, and a lance began to emerge from between his hands. The mighty Holy Power emerged from the rifle and immediately stabbed toward the sword dust.There was no pause in the sword dust movement. The body swayed slightly and evaded the long-spined sword. Once again, it came to the leader’s head and his arm trembled. The silver-white breeze sword turned into a shadowy sword and the servant The soldiers are enveloped in the inside and there are thousands of swords and shadows, and they overlap each other. It is confusing to see people. It is impossible to separate the authenticity from this one.Facing the sky's shadow, this leader who has the strength of the senior sages simply does not know how to resist. In that hesitation, a silvery sword tip stands out from the shadow of the sky and stabs. Into his throat.“Touch!” Jian Chen once again put forward on the leader's chest, kicked his entire person far to fly out, then held a blood-stained light wind sword, once again turned to the Zhou mercenary. The rest of the regiment was killed. For the Zhou Mercenary Corps, Jian Chen is one that will not be missed."Captain Cheng Yunlong is dead...""Captain Cheng Yunlong was killed...""Captain Cheng Yunlong is dead. Everyone flees...."The leader’s death suddenly caused panic among many members of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps. Afterwards, everyone lost their will to fight. In the face of the dust like death, the members of the Zhou’s Mercenary Corps lost battles one after another. Courage, one after another, lost his helmet and fled.After Jian Dian hunted several people, the remaining members of the dozen Zhou’s Mercenary Corps have taken advantage of their suckling power and fled in all directions. Although Jian Dian’s speed is not slow, he wants to All they left behind is also an extremely difficult thing to do.“Hey, Zhou Shi’s mercenary group, you can't escape.” In Jian Chen’s eyes, there is a fierce killing. In the next moment, a strong and sharp Jian Qi suddenly emerges on the light wind sword. The light breeze sword escaped from the palm of the sword dust. It actually flew out of the sword and turned into a silvery light. It had already been chased away by those mercenaries who were fleeing at an unparalleled speed.At this moment, the sword dust did not hesitate to use the supernatural powers such as Shen Yujian, and also wiped out the rest of the Zhou’s mercenary regiment.As the silver-white light of the breeze sword circulates at a lightning-fast pace, those members of the Zhou mercenary group that escaped were all spared and pierced through the throat. More than a dozen meters away from the meter fell to the ground almost at the same time.