Chapter 155 Killing the Great Teacher (2)The sword dust did not fear the same, and he took the breeze sword and rushed in the same way. The two men once again engaged in fierce fighting.This time, the sword dust fully exerted its own advantages, with his mysterious and unpredictable body and method, and the old man dealt with it, and the breeze sword was turned into a sword and shadow constantly stabbing the old man, but for the old man's attack, the sword dust was As far as possible to avoid, never clashed with the old man's sacred troops, and occasionally avoid it, only to use light wind sword to resist.The dagger in the hands of the old man flew up and down under his flexible control. For this dagger's use of the old man has reached the point where everything is in full swing, a dagger is used by him and he is always able to inadvertently sting out lightning strokes. All stab the heart of sword dust.The two's stature quickly shuttled across the court. The rapid movement of the stature drove the wind and gradually turned into a strong wind, scraping all the weeds that had fallen on the ground. And go.Although their stature are constantly staggered back and forth, under the deliberate control of the sword dust, the weapons in their hands are rarely collided with each other, and the old man is more frustrated and finally only feels full of belly. , their strength is clearly stronger than the other, but the other party because of the temporary advantage in speed, and the response is very fast, leading him to actually take the other side for a time without the slightest solution, but also several times, with their own Great Teacher's The strength has been forced by the fast horror sword to a rush, almost in danger of surviving the line.“Little Doll is a man who just likes the old man's painful battle. What does it mean to fight?” The old man finally couldn't stand it and yelled.Hearing a trace of ridicule on the face of Jian Chen, he said: “It is not wise to choose your own short and long skills. Do you think I would be so stupid?”The old man suddenly stopped speaking, and he no longer talked. His eyes were violently murdered. The movements on his hands were quicker, and all the recruits and tactics were heading toward the key of the sword dust. They apparently decided to die.I noticed that the old man did not have the slightest feeling of mercy, the eyes of the sword dust is also a flash of cold flash, the speed of the sword suddenly increased sharply, twice as fast as before, the overwhelming sword shadow overlap, it seems, the whole The film space is full of countless swords and shadows, and it is impossible to distinguish the reality from it.With the dust of the sword dust, the pressure on the old man suddenly increased. Even though he had the strength of the Great Teacher and his speed was not slow, he was still unable to compare with the sword dust. He was soon forced by the sword dust. Fantastic up."Oh!"At this moment, a sword full of sharp swords and whistles suddenly appeared in the sky's sword shadow. When the old man had not responded, the sharp blade cut the wrist of the old man's right hand.The giant pain from the wrist made the old man slightly surprised, but the next moment, the breeze sword once again turned into a sky-shaking sword shadow to the old man with a very fast speed.The dagger in the hands of the old man swiftly waved in front of his body and quickly drew a layer of airless defense nets.However, just as he had just retreated, the stature of the old man was no longer there. At the same time, a long sword with a little blood was cut through the throat of the old man and broke out from under his chin.I saw the sword dust do not know when I have stood behind the old man, light wind sword has pierced from the old man's back neck, the other side of the sword from his throat to break out.The old man's eyes were sluggish and they had pierced the long sword that only saw the throat. The eyes could not believe the look. At the same time, the brain was also very puzzled. I didn't know when the sword dust went behind him and even went. He did not notice.However, these old doubters in the brain apparently had no chance to ask them. After he had maintained his original posture and stagnated the meeting, he finally fell down slowly, his eyes widening and his eyes were not noticed.Slowly drawn out of the sword, sword dust drew a long breath, and the battle of the Great Master made him spend a lot of effort, at the moment the battle is over, he can not help but feel some asthma.Jian Chen recovered the light wind sword and looked at the old man who was lying on the ground. He sighed helplessly and murmured: “The practice of decades has been destroyed. Why, why, if you are not greedy by your heart? If you take up the whole thing and deal with me, how could you end up in such a way?” After secretly sighing, Fan Jian solved the space belt of the old man with his hands, and after some churning, all the items in the inside were taken out.The magic nucleus in the old man's space belt is not as much as the imagination of sword dust. There are only about fifty in total, but the lowest is the second-order magic nucleus, and the first-order magic nucleus is not a single one. The second-order magic nucleus occupies more than half of them, and the third-order magic nucleus has 20 appearances. There is also a fourth-order magic nucleus. In addition to the magic nucleus, Jian Chen also revealed the sum of about seventy-three amethyst coins from the old man's space belt.After bringing the magic nucleus and the amethyst coins into their own space belts, Jian Chen once again flipped the old man's space belt. Suddenly, his face moved and he pulled out a white fur out of the space belt.This white fur is probably about the size of a palm. The whole piece of fur is covered with soft white hair. It's very comfortable to hold it in your hand, and there is a warm feeling that it conveys."This fur..." The sword dust looked surprised and looked at the white fur underneath. Immediately he threw away the old man's space belt and drew an exquisite space ring from his belt around his space. Take out a red kit.This red kit is a reminder of the Bijia family treasure that his mother Pik Wantian had given him when the sword dust left.The sword dust was untied and unbuttoned. He took out a piece of fur, which was also white, and flicked. The fur that had been folded up was unfolded. He saw the fur that was contained in the kit. It was actually only There is a palm size.The sword dust, with one fur in one hand, contrasted with each other. The surprised look in the eyes became more and more concentrated because he discovered that the two furs were not only the same in size, but also the material was exactly the same. It looked as if this Both fur pieces are cut in half from the same piece."This ... ..." Jian Chen eyes once again stayed in the old man will be more and more concentrated in the hearts of surprise. The fur that he took out of his kit was the treasure of the Bi family and has been circulating for hundreds of years. Although he does not know what role this fur has in the end, its preciousness is self-evident. It was not difficult to see how great the value of this fur was in the past when the powerful Bi family passed down the door for hundreds of years. At the moment, he even found an identical fur from an old man who had only a great power. This couldn't help but remind the old man of his identity.