"How could such a fur be found on this old man? It would be difficult for him to have any background behind him." Jian Chen held a fur in one hand and thought in his heart."Perhaps this fur was obtained by coincidence. However, what kind of secret is hidden in this fur?” Jian Chen lowered his head and inadvertently found the fur from the old man. , once again seduce the curiosity of the sword dust."Will it be a treasure map? Or it says that it is extremely powerful martial arts." Jian Chen secretly pondered, based on his past experience, quickly speculated several possibilities, but this fur There is no such thing as a white-faced impurity. There is no route at all. It does not seem to involve much relationship with the treasure map and the martial arts.Once upon a time, Jian Chen had several times to come up with this fur to study. In his opinion, this fur is very flexible and flexible even if he uses all methods and cannot pull a hair from it. The other is no different from the ordinary fur. As for what kind of secret hidden in it, sword dust is completely unknown."Well, first of all, I will find the secret of this fur sooner or later after I think about it." With this idea, Jian Chen relocated his own fur to his red kit, and then together with the old man Out of the purchase of the skin together into a space ring, readily throw the space ring into the space belt. Since we can't think of the hidden secret of this fur, the sword dust is not willing to waste brains to get nowhere here.Afterwards, Jian Chen regained the space belt of the old man and once again hesitated in the inside. After confirming that there was no valuable treasure that was missed, he flung the space belt and then patted his hand and left.In the next few days, the sword dust in the Warcraft Mountains constantly looking for those who try to arrest their own hands, so that they may have a large number of magic nuclei, of these people, some of the sword dust look pleasing to the eye, are Those who are slightly merciless and unsightly are all without exception. Over the past few days, there are countless mercenaries who died in the hands of the sword and dust. The body of the Montreal can be seen almost everywhere in the Mountain of Warcraft. The breath of the killings wafts through the entire World of Warcraft Mountains. The bright red blood seems to give this piece of green sea to the Contaminated with red.It has to be said that the ten thousand amethyst coins expelled by the Tianxiong family did make a lot of people excited about it. The people who came to the mountains of Warcraft in addition to some of the sages-class masters, even the strong ones of the Grand Master class also have a few. In the name, aside from the old man who had used a dagger before him, Jian Chen met with four strong Grand Masters before and after these days. Two of them even belonged to the same force. With a total of more than thirty saints and sages-level masters and sword dust met.The battle was very fierce. In the end, the sword dust cost two heroes to kill the two Grand Masters. As for the rest of the saints and the sages, many of them died in the hands of sword dust. Jian Chen also paid for the cost of being covered with injuries. At the end of the small group of people who escaped, sword dust was also unable to hunt down.However, the sword dust can control the sacred power like a bright sage. The most fearless is the injury. Therefore, his covered scars are completely restored in less than one hour.Although the battle is fierce, the gains achieved by Jian Chen are also very rich. From the two masters of the Great Master, they have harvested more than 100 magic nuclei. Except for a few second-order, most of them are Third-order, there are two fourth-order magic nucleus.Although there were a lot of gains in the two great teachers, but in the great saints and the sages who came with the two great sage teachers, the sword dust only revealed the magic nuclei of less than thirty. They want to come because they belong to a mercenary group. The vast majority of the magic nucleus is collected in the two Great Masters.Although there are no fourth-order magic nucleus in the other two Grand Masters, but there are still some third-order magic nucleus, but the number is not large, one of them has more than two dozen third-order magic nucleus, second-order magic nucleus also has nearly three Ten. The other Great Teacher was very shabby, and the sword dust only from his lies could have captured five third-order magic nucleus and a second-order magic nucleus as a great sage master. His family is not even as rich as a sages.Now that the sword dust strength is promoted to the sages, the fighting power is greatly increased. In the face of the master of the Great Master, he already has sufficient qualifications to kill the other side, as long as he does not meet the great sage peaks and the sacred nature. The powerful sage strongman, that sword dust is nothing to be taboo, these several great sage divisions that he killed in the past few days, in addition to that at the same time dealt with two people to make him seriously injured, the other few times he It is to kill each other at the lowest price.With the constant killing, the fierce name of Jian Chen gradually passed away, and the killing that he created under the Mountain of Warcraft was spread out rapidly under the broadcast of countless mercenaries, not just the entire WACKER CITY. Everyone knows that even some of the surrounding cities know the name of sword dust.After listening to these rumored rumors, some are still coming from a distance and the mercenaries who are planning to participate in the operation of capturing dust and dust have also given up their intentions. In the Mountain of Warcraft, almost every day these days, there are some mercenaries have the courage to retreat from the mountains of Warcraft, do not participate in this incident.Although many people withdrew from the Mountain of Warcraft, there are still a lot of people who are not weak and the mercenary group is still in the mountains of Warcraft. After this elimination, people who are still in the mountains of Warcraft are still in the mountains of Warcraft. There is no more, but each of these people has at least the strength of the sages.With a large number of people withdrawing from the Mountain of Warcraft, a large number of Warcraft Mountains have become a lot quieter. At present, people who stay in the Mountains of Warcraft are holding their swords to get ideas. As for the mercenaries who originally hunted for Warcraft in the Warcraft Mountains, the chaos in the Mountains of Warcraft was forced to retreat in advance.As the number of people in the Mountains of Warcraft is greatly reduced, the sword dust has to change from passive to active and actively look for those who still stay in the mountains of Warcraft. For these people, the sword dust is still taking the old way, can be actively delivered People who have come out of the magic nucleus will be allowed to let go without harming them and they will not harm them. For those who are still stubborn and unwilling to seize themselves, the sword dust will directly take iron wrists and kill all innocent people.In a cloudless clear sky, a hot red sun is hanging high in the sky, emitting dazzling light to bake the earth, as if to lay a golden carpet on the ground, in this hot summer public, The sky in the sky is so hot almost every day.And in the lush, weedy grasslands of Warcraft, as if it were another space completely isolated from the outside world, surrounded by tall trees, the lush foliage spread out the strong sunshine outside, the woods From time to time, the breeze blew it gently, bringing up some weeds and the lush branches slowly swinging.It is hot outside, but in the Mountains of Warcraft, it is a cool one.In somewhere in the mountains of Warcraft, more than a dozen middle-aged men sat together, and in their center, a fire ignited slowly, grilling a few pieces of Warcraft meat on top, a drop of fat from the meat It was squeezed out and dripped continuously in the fire below.Even if these dozen middle-aged men just sat there, they couldn't hide their burly figure. A dozen of them all wore a thin layer of leather. Guanghua's leather had a lot of bushes. Out of green stripes."Head of the regiment, the people of Warcraft now have a lot to withdraw from, and there is not much left, and the strength of sword dust seems to be even stronger than we thought. A few days ago I heard that several of the great sage divisions were dead. In the hands of sword dust, you see whether we should give up this task.” One voice said some dignified.