Chapter 159 Strength ImprovementSubsequently, Jian Chen found a river according to the memory in his brain, cleaned the dirt and then put a new set of clothes out of the space belt.After wearing a simple coat made of animal hides for a long time, a soft cloth is now worn, and a feeling of comfort is spread throughout the sword. The sword dust was somewhat intoxicated and stretched out. He felt the feeling of warmth in the commoner clothed on his body. At this moment, his nerves that had been tense for a few days finally relaxed.Afterwards, Jian Chen slaughtered a World of Warcraft in the forest, tore off a large, fat hind leg, and found a dry terrain that gave birth to a pile of fire and began slowly grilling.After solving the hungry stomach, Jian Chen also began to count the gains of the past few days. When the magic core in the space belt was all taken out by the sword dust, it had already piled on the ground a foot more than a meter high. On the hill, so many magic nuclei are brought together. The energy of the eaves hidden in it seems to have generated a trace of resonance, and a little breath of light has spread out, which has made the sword dust feel a burst of apprehension.Roughly speaking, this pile of magic nucleus, a total of not less than two thousand, as to what the specific value is, if you do not carefully detailed, I am afraid I really can not guess an accurate figure, after all, magic nuclear Physical strength varies.Looking at so many magic nuclei, the face of sword dust could not help but excitement smile, the richness of these days is simply unimaginable, so many magic nuclei, is enough for him for a long time of practice in the future .With excitement and excitement, Jian Chen took out three space belts and randomly thrown them aside. These space belts were all made by the sword dust from those mercenaries to prepare for the unexpected. Subsequently, the sword dust began to sort the magic core one by one.After Momo had passed two hours, Jian Chen finally classified a large number of miscellaneous magic cores. At the moment, he saw three piles of magic nucleus piled up in front of him. All piles were all first-order. Second-order, and the last one is all third-order."There are more than 700 first-order magic nuclei, more than 900 second-order magic nuclei, and more than 600 third-order magic nuclei. I did not expect that 2300 magic nuclei will be harvested in the past few days. Oh, it's really surprising that the Tianxiong family, it seems that I have to thank you well for thanking you, thanks to the fact that you have created such a good opportunity for me.” Looking at so many magic nucleus, sword dust is amused. Road.Later, Jian Chen installed these magic nuclei in three space belts, and then returned to the cave where he spent a few days, concealed the hole, and began to continue practicing.In the cave where the darkness is not visible, the sword dust is like a stone-like sculpture sitting cross-legged on the ground. If he does not have a slight breath, I am afraid that some people will really use it as a living stone sculpture.As the energy in the magic nucleus is constantly being absorbed by the sword dust, the Holy Power in his body is constantly growing stronger at all times.After being promoted to the Holy Master, the sword dust not only has a greater need for energy in cultivation, but also absorbs energy faster than before. When his strength is still in the stage of the Holy One, he needs to consume three third-order magic nucleus for one night's cultivation. Continuously practicing all day is the need to consume about ten third-order magic nucleus. Now, with the acceleration of the energy to absorb the magic nucleus, the magic nucleus required for the night of sword dust cultivation has been expanded to the number of six or seven, so to calculate that almost a day to consume twenty third-order magic nuclear.Although the number of consumed third-order magic nucleus is still very scary, but the sword dust is now not because the magic nucleus is not enough and have the slightest worry, because of his space belt not only has hundreds of third-order magic nucleus, but also in Warcraft Mountain range, he can now enter the deeper to kill fourth-order World of Warcraft at any time, and the power contained in the fourth-order magic nucleus is far less than that of the third-order magic nucleus.In the outside world, the name of the sword dust and everything he has done in the Mountains of Warcraft has been rummaged, and in the Mountain of Warcraft, sword dust is working hard to enhance his strength by sitting cross-legged in the dark cave.Time hastily passed. In an instant, the time of one year has already passed. In this year's time, the storm caused by the dust from the sword dust has gradually subsided in the outside world. The city of WACKER has long since restored its former appearance. Compared to a year ago, there was not much change. The only difference was that the Tianxiong family, which originally claimed Wak City, had completely declined.In the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft, where smoke has been rare, the fourth-order World of Warcraft area, is not just anyone who can come here, in this area, even if there is no shadow in ten days and a half, it is also It is a very normal thing, and at the moment, there is a green smoke that has risen from the forest not far away. Then the smell of a barbecue slowly drifts toward the surroundings under the breeze.I saw a young man wearing a commoner sitting cross-legged on the ground, and in front of him, a pile of fire burning in the raging, grilling a block of Warcraft meat on top.This young man may not seem to be in his early twenties. His long hair is bound by a straw rope into a blindfold. He is left behind, his youth is very handsome and his perfect facial features are perfect. A white and tender as if smeared rouge face, coupled with that pair of flat, but it seems full of strange charm eyes, is simply the killer of all girls in the world.This young man is the sword dust.In this year's time, the sword dust has stayed in the mountains of Warcraft, never went out, and the magic nucleus that was harvested from those mercenaries a year ago, in which the third-order magic nucleus has long been used by the sword dust, only The remaining first- and second-order magic nuclear sword dust is not a move. In this year's time, since the third-order magic core has consumed light, the sword dust has begun to use the fourth-order magic core to practice. After the fourth-order magic nucleus is consumed, he goes to the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft to kill the fourth-order magic nucleus. Once he gains something, he will return to the cave to continue his cultivation.So repeatedly, after this year's cultivation, the strength of the sword dust has been raised from the level of the Holy Master to the level of the Senior Master. Now, hunting the fourth-order World of Warcraft is no longer difficult for the sword dust. .“It’s been a year, it’s time is really fast. It seems that now I should go out and move around. By the way, I can stabilize my current strength. Hey, use the magic core to practice. Although the violent factors inside are removed, in the end it’s still Some complications.” Sitting in front of the fire, Jian Chen murmured.After filling his stomach, the sword dust extinguished and continued to move toward the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft. Since he intends to leave here, the sword dust is much more prepared for some fourth-order magic nuclei to prepare for future cultivation.The fourth-order World of Warcraft area is close to the center of Warcraft Mountain Range, here and the outside have to be much more clean, because the fourth-order World of Warcraft is not as common as one or two magic nuclear, here, in order to meet a fourth-order World of Warcraft However, very difficult things, but third-order World of Warcraft is still relatively common.    "Roar!"While the sword dust was walking carefully in the woods, suddenly a loud beast sound came from the front, and then a deafening roar rang and followed, and the sword dust standing on the ground was clear. Feel the entire ground trembling violently a few times.