When the voice of this man just fell, some people said, "Yeah, the head of the team. Although we didn't meet with sword dust, we found at least hundreds of dead bodies on this road. Many of them were even The same place died, and from the face of it, many of them are acquaintances in WACKER City. Almost all have the strength of the sages, and sword dust can kill the ranks of the masters of the sages. Well, his strength may at least have reached the Great Teacher. Even if we face him, we will not necessarily win him. We will lose some of it. If the situation is serious, even if the entire army is destroyed, it is not There is no such possibility."After listening to these words, the heavy face of a dozen middle-aged men could not help but be strong again. These thoughts, all of them had circled in their minds, originally thought that they had at least dozens of middle-level sages. The team wants to capture the sword dust alive, it is a matter that effortlessly, after all, even if facing the Great Teacher, this lineup also has a fight, and the message given by the Tianxiong family has a clear description of the sword. Dust is only the strength of the Holy One, but at most it is only the Holy Master. So when they came, they did not put their sword dust in their eyes.However, as the world of warcraft stays in the sky every day, the rumors about the sword dust are getting more and more powerful. Especially recently, it is rumored that there are already several big sage-class strongmen who died in the hands of the sword dust. . Although more than a dozen of them did not believe in such alarming news, then as they continued to move around in the Mountains of Warcraft, the body of the place they had met finally allowed their self-confidence to be shaken.Now, more than a dozen of them have also fallen into a situation where they can’t continue to get their hands dirty. They want to continue to capture the sword dust, but they also worry that they are not opponents of Jian Chen’s and want to quit World of Warcraft. However, they are disheartened. After all, this Amethyst coins reward is too much to their hearts."Head of the team, we still abandon this task. We have come along this way these days. Isn't the visible corpse enough to prove a fact? If we really encounter sword dust, even if we all together At the same time, it is absolutely impossible for him to be an opponent, and it is impossible for all of us to die here.” A middle-aged man with a dark face on his face said in a deep voice. In his eyes, he revealed a hint of timidity."I support the proposal of Yunzhiping. Head of the regiment, this amethyst is certainly not a small number, but we must also be famous to spend our lives if we throw our lives here, even if there are More money, it also enjoys Wu Fu.” What speaks is a dark-skinned Han.After listening to these people's words, a middle-aged man with a knife-faced and stubborn face nodded slightly and said, "Okay, now I'm going to announce that everyone will immediately exit the Mountain of Warcraft."After listening to these words, more than a dozen people immediately breathed a sigh of relief, and then the tension in his face could not help but relax."It's too late to go now!"However, long before everyone was happy, a crisp voice never came.The sudden sound of a dozen middle-aged men's faces has changed.“Who is there, give it to me.” The middle-aged man with a knife on his face stood up from the ground and shouted. At the same time, more than a dozen middle-aged Hans have also stood up from the ground, one by one, staring at the sound of the sound of the direction.Immediately, I saw a person wearing animal skin slowly came out from behind a big tree, this person has a long black hair, tied by a straw rope behind his face stained with dirt, like Like a cat, it's completely unclear.More than a dozen strong male eyes gathered in this man wearing a skin, the middle-aged man with a knife on his face shouted: "Who are you!"Hearing a smile on the face of the person wearing a skin, the smile was a bit gloomy under the cover of a dark face. "I am the one you are looking for."After listening to these words, a dozen of Dahan’s eyes showed a hint of confusion, but as they reacted, their faces were changing."You .... You .... Do you mean the sword dust." A big man yelled, looking a little panic and incredible look.The man in the opposite, wearing a skin, nodded slowly and said with a smile; "Yes, I am the sword dust."More than a dozen Dahan faces suddenly became wonderful. Everyone took a look at me. I looked at you. No one thought that before they had been looking for a few days of sword dust, they would actually be out of Warcraft. Actively appeared in front of them in the mountains.If this kind of scene happened a few days ago, more than a dozen of them would certainly be surrounded by sword dust with great excitement, without the slightest hesitation, but this moment .....For a time, more than a dozen people felt a bitter experience in their hearts."If you hand over all the magic nucleus in your hands, I can let you leave. If not, then there is only one way to go and give you a time to think about tea." Without waiting for more than a dozen people to speak, the sword dust began to say. Although his tone was dull, listening to the ears of the dozen people, one by one, his heart became heavy.More than a dozen people stared at each other, and then the man slammed the knife and said, "You, Lord of the Dust, will you have all the magic nucleus in our mouth. You're too much. After all, these magic nucleus we have come It is also extremely difficult, almost every one of us is risking our lives and the killing of World of Warcraft.” Swordsman's tone is extremely unwilling. Now that he heard rumors that Jian Chen had killed several great Masters, the Swordsman men in his heart gave up the idea of ​​fighting the sword dust.The sword dust grinned and said, "I can't control them. The time for a tea break is fast. If you don't want to hand out the magic nucleus, then don't blame me."After listening to these words, more than a dozen Han’s faces became ugly. The knife-smashed man slightly hesitated and immediately stepped forward, saying: “You Lord of the Dust, if you can defeat me within five strokes, We will give up the magic nucleus. Otherwise, we would rather burn all the jade and never compromise."In the dusty eyes of Jian Jian, a gentle eye flashed over him. He carefully looked at the man under the knife and said, "Well, I'll defeat you within five strokes." As a result, the strong Saint's power in the right hand emerged. Rapidly condensed into a four-foot long sword with two fingers wide."You back!" The middle-aged man waved his hand and immediately offered his own sacred soldier. It was a two-handed giant sword.