Chapter 162 Smooth KillingSee that he has finally killed this fifth-order World of Warcraft to kill, the sword dust suddenly relieved, fifth-order Warcraft's strength really is very powerful, even the fourth-order peak of Warcraft in their eyes may also be like an ant-like small bar. It was only against the fifth-order World of Warcraft that he was severely wounded and did not even stand up. The sword dust was under the full force and suffered such a huge wound.When the sword dust just gave a breath, suddenly, a strong wave of energy came from the front. Jian Chen’s face changed slightly. When he suddenly lifted his head, he saw a crescent-shaped wind blade with a length of about one meter long from the other side of the back of the Warcraft wing. It ran toward the wing with a very fast speed. On the fly, the crescent-shaped wind blade contains a wave of energy that is strong enough to allow the sword dust to change color.Jian Chen suddenly changed his face, then there is no hesitation, immediately a lazy donkey roll, dangerous insurance to escape the past. The crescent-shaped energy wind blade almost flies across the scalp of the sword dust, with a chance of black hair fluttering in the air.Afterwards, the crescent-shaped energy wind blade kept on flying all the way to the far distance at a very fast speed. All the obstacles along the way were ruthlessly destroyed and finally bombarded on the ground at a distance of several hundred meters. At that time, the strong energy that was contained in it broke out and it directly filled the ground with soot and dust.Strenuous exercise of the body involves the wound of the left shoulder, especially when the wound of the left shoulder is in close contact with the ground, and the pain that comes straight to the heart is transmitted in a wave that is constantly tormenting the brain of sword dust. nerve. The muscles on the face of Jian Chen kept twitching. He clenched his teeth and resisted the severe pain from his left shoulder. He immediately stood up from the ground. There is still a fifth-order Warcraft who is stunned by the side of Warcraft. Dust has time to deal with injuries.At this time, the figure was like a cow, and Warcraft with black hair began to gather energy again. I saw a black light shining through the wings behind him. The stock's energy fluctuates rapidly from weak to strong, but when it carries a strong score on the pair of wings of energy, that divine light in the eyes of the Warcraft will become even more dim one point, until finally, it seems to maintain even Opening your eyes is a very difficult thing.Looking at the short wings on this fifth-order Warcraft wing, he glanced slightly, felt the strong energy fluctuations contained in it, and the dust of the sword looked a little dignified, and even the whole body was ready. The action to avoid at any time.“Oh!” The Warcraft slammed into the dust in the sword dust, seems to warn the sword dust not to step forward, from its eyes can clearly see its weakness at that time, it gathered on the back of a pair of wings This energy is also a means of terminating the fire. This is the last resort to save lives. Accumulating this energy has exhausted all the energy in the body. Once the strike is hit, it will become a complete change in a short period of time. Only lambs to be slaughtered.Jian Chen slowly stepped back, and eyes are sharply staring at the World of Warcraft, a look of vigilance. At this moment, Jian Chen suddenly put his light wind sword in his hand towards the opposite World of Warcraft far thrown in the past, the breeze sword was thrown by him very high, in mid-air playing a turn at the normal speed towards it Only the rear of Warcraft flew.However, just after the sword dust had an action, the wing behind the tight-thrilled World of Warcraft was also flicked, and then saw a crescent-shaped energy shot at a very rapid rate toward the sword dust.Jian Chen seems to have long expected it will have this blow, just in the power of the moon-shaped monster just launched, the sword dust once again rolling a lazy donkey, with his left shoulder as far as possible without contact with the ground pose quickly traversed A few meters away, he escaped the past.After this strike, the World of Warcraft seems to have suddenly lost all its strength, the original fierce eyes, but also become a bit sluggish, and the eyes are exhausted.At this moment, it was still an unbelievable fierce tremble in the midst of a free-falling light wind sword, and a sharper Jian Qi suddenly appeared, turning into a bright silvery light. Put the light wind sword in it.Bathed in the silver-white Jianmang, the narrow blade of the light wind sword is looming. It looks like it adds a sense of mystery. Then, the light wind sword is turned into a silvery white light. The punctured sound of a broken voice accompanies it, and at a speed as fast as lightning, it is lying on the ground with no power."Oh!"With the sound of a crash from a hard object, the sharp blade of the breeze sword has broken through the skull of this head of Warcraft and penetrated its head deeply from above."吼~~~"The World of Warcraft made a terrible scream, and the sound was very loud. It was so loud that the ears of Jian Chen were blind.The deafening screams quickly weakened. When it completely dissipated, I saw that the look of this Warcraft eye was quickly dissipating, and it soon became a complete void, and that eye finally passed through its life. Closed when it's done.The sword dust slowly climbed up from the ground with some difficulty. His body was slightly shaken. His face was pale and stared at the Warcraft that had been pierced through his head by a light wind sword. His face could not help showing a smile of victory. joy."Finally dead, the strength of the fifth-order Warcraft really is very powerful, but it is not only to deal with two seriously injured fifth-order World of Warcraft is so strenuous, it seems that the last time I met the king of the Golden Retriever, has not shown All the strength is.” Jianqi’s tone murmured with some weakness.Afterwards, Jian Chen came to the front of the body of Warcraft, which was a body of a bovine type. He pulled out a light wind sword into the body and immediately sat down with his knees. Immediately afterwards, the dense milky white light gathered from heaven and earth quickly. The sword dust was wrapped inside.He did not hurry to deal with the bodies of these two World of Warcraft, because in his current state, there is simply no way to do this, and, here, he must also guard against the rest of the World of Warcraft that may be haunted at any time, so it is imperative that Treat your own injuries first.Since the breakthrough of strength to the senior sages, the god of sword dust has also grown. At the moment, the sacred power he controls is not only much richer than before, but also the duration of his stay has increased.This time, because the left shoulder of the sword dust was too severe, even the strong energy of the flesh had blown off a bit, so even if the light Shengli was treated, it would take some time.After about two more hours, the milky brilliance of the dust-wracked body of the Jian Chen finally slowly dissipated, revealing the shape of the sword dust. At the moment, Jian Chen’s look was a bit embarrassing, even though his god was better than before. It has grown a bit, but it still feels a little tired after maintaining the bright ambitions of more than two hours, at least not immediately becoming a drowsy state.Through these two and more hours of treatment, the miraculous effects of Sanming's healing on the wounds have completely restored the wounds on the sword dust. Even the loss of some meat on the right shoulder has grown again. .