Chapter 163 Out of the Mountain of WarcraftThe sword dust sitting cross-legged on the ground slowly opened his eyes and turned to look at his right shoulder has completely restored the original injury, then extended his right hand slowly stroking the re-growth of new meat, feel the palm of your hand Touching the skin, the strange feeling that came from the body, the sword dust in the heart had to once again sigh the magic of the bright Holy Power.The sword dust ripped off the body's already broken clothes, revealing the body still stained with a little blood, and then wiped the remaining blood on the body with a torn shirt.Slowly stand up from the ground, sword dust eyes glanced on the body of two fifth-order Warcraft, slightly sinking the meeting, said: "From the Mo Yang point of view, this whole body of white-witted Warcraft because it is called speed cloud beast Let’s say in the book, the Suyun animal is petite and agile. Its white hair resembles the clouds in the sky, while the other side of the wings of Warcraft, because it is Tianyi Demon, and the pair behind the wings, can only The role of the attack does not make it fly." Soon, Jian Chen found out about the two Warcrafts in front of those books that were once read at the Kargath Academy."The magic wing of the Tianyi Magic Cow hides under the wings of the back, and the magic nuclei of the Suyun Beast is in the brain." The breeze sword reappears in the hands of the sword dust, and the sword dust reaches the whole body in snow with a light wind sword. The Suyun animal is in front of him, and then he thinks of its head.After taking some effort to take out the magic nucleus in Sawyer's head, the head of the swiftlet-sized dog has completely changed its appearance, and it looks like an extraordinary horror.Although the speed cloud beast is fifth-order Warcraft, but due to species and congenital limitations, their body is not more than two meters maximum, unless it is to reach the strength of the sixth order. Because of the limitations of the body, even the magic nucleus in their bodies is relatively small, only the size of a walnut.After removing the Sunderhound's magic nuclei, the sword dust once again came to the Tianyi Demon Cattle. The light wind sword pierced between the two-fingered wings on its back with a sharp sword, and then after some hard work, it finally The magic nucleus hidden under the wings was taken out. The horn of the Tianyi demon cow had the size of an adult's fist.The sword dust wipes the blood stains stained on the two magic nuclei with the rags of the clothes, exposing two crystal clear crystals of energy.Feeling the ripples and pure energy fluctuations hidden in the crystal, sword dust is a secret shock, no wonder the gap between the fifth-order World of Warcraft and the fourth-order World of Warcraft is so large, at this moment just the energy from the magic core can be It is evident that the energy contained in the fifth-order magic nucleus is a qualitative leap compared to the fourth-order magic nucleus. There is no way to compare the two.Moreover, although the volume of the two fifth-order magic nucleus is different, the energy contained in it is almost the same."Only these five fifth-order magic nucleus, it is estimated that it will be able to maintain my cultivation for a long period of time." The hands tightly hold the fifth-order magic nucleus which is still somewhat warm, and the sword dust is somewhat excited and murmured. Road, and in the heart, was also overwhelmed with extreme intense joy.After a long period of excitement, the sword dust quickly calmed down. Then he took out an extra space belt and loaded the bodies of the two fifth-order World of Warcraft.Fifth-order World of Warcraft's corpse value is not cheap, but the dust can not be abandoned like the third-order and fourth-order Warcraft corpse. Just two corpses can sell a lot of money, and the corpse of Warcraft is usually fifth-order. Above, there is almost always the existence of a price-free city, because eating high-order World of Warcraft meat and blood, have a huge benefit to the human body, and even a small increase in personal strength and strengthen the body.The size of the body of the two fifth-order World of Warcraft's largest Tianyi demon but also only four meters of body, the smallest speed of the beast, the length of the body is less than one meter, so the sword dust took out a space belt, just two World of Warcraft is loaded into it.After cleaning up the bodies of the two World of Warcraft, the sword dust again took a new set of clothes from the space belt and put it on himself. Although he hadn't been out for a long time, the clothes that had been collected from the mercenaries before were still there. There are quite a few.Jian Chen did not stay here for more, and immediately left the place after the things were handled. Even though the battles between the two five-order World of Warcraft were frightened, some of the fourth-order World of Warcraft were scared away and fled. But who? Also said that there is no other fifth-order World of Warcraft will run in the vicinity.If you come to a good fifth-order World of Warcraft, then the sword dust is not an opponent. With the strength of his current senior sages, he is not absolutely sure he can escape in the fifth-order World of Warcraft, unless it is to meet those who are particularly slow He only hopes to escape.In an instant, another half-month passed.Somewhere in the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft, Jian Chen slowly pulled out a light-blue sword that pierced a 7-inch blue dragon and removed the magic core from his body. Then he grabbed a piece of grass and wiped it on the ground. The blood on the magic core."This two-month time also gained dozens of stars for the fourth-order magic nucleus. After a long-term use of magic nuclear cultivation, it will eventually leave some hidden dangers. At this time, it is still better not to increase its strength and focus on the body's. The hidden danger is cleared. Otherwise, I am afraid that it will have a greater impact on the future. If this is the case, then I should also leave here and go outside to watch the current situation." Jian Chen wiped the fist-sized fourth order in his hands. Magic nuclear, muttering to one side."And, I also carry the uncle of Kant's last wish. I also want to find the family of uncle Kant as soon as possible."Jian Chen left the World of Warcraft Mountains. After a two-day trek, he traversed through a dense jungle. He smashed countless World of Warcraft and wild beasts harassed along the way and finally came to a prairie.Jian Chen did not return to Waukeshi. Tian Xionglie of the Tianxiong family was an intermediate sage who had the power of the Holy Spirit. He took advantage of his innate defensive strength and he specifically resisted the sword attacked by the sword. Dust, and its strength is probably much stronger than that of the general High Priest. Therefore, before you can confidently kill him, Jian Chen will not easily go back.Moreover, as the largest family that dominated in WACKER for more than ten years, although it lost a lot of manpower in the Mountain of Warcraft, but Jian Chen could not believe that the Tianxiong family would not have a connection, and now if he returns to tile Krishna, perhaps dealing with is not just a great sage, but several sacred teachers and dozens of sages.Before his own strength was not promoted to the Great Master, the sword dust did not seem to entrap himself in the siege of a group of great sages, and Kendall’s family’s sword dust was still not clueless, even if he wanted to find him from WACKER. Since the beginning of the city, before the complete elimination of the Tianxiong family, Jianchen will not release any information about Uncle Kant’s family because he does not want to see the Tianxiong family threaten themselves with the family of Uncle Kander.The sword dust walked blindly along a straight line in this vast steppe, which was half a meter deep. Although he had seen the map of the thousands of miles in the city of WACKER, he was now in a position far more than a thousand miles away. Scope, so now where he is in the end, the sword dust is completely ignorant. The only thing he can do is to follow the direction of the heavenly sun and walk steadily in one direction.At this moment, the eyes of the sword dust flashed, the pace of progress suddenly stopped, and in front of a small and dense movement into the ears of sword dust.