Chapter 164 Prairie WolvesAt this moment, the eyes of the sword dust flashed, the pace of progress suddenly stopped, and in front of a small and dense movement into the ears of sword dust.The swordsmane looked at the prairie in front of it, and the ears twitched slightly to capture more clearly the subtle but dense movements coming from the front.Immediately, there was a slight sneer on the face of Jian Chen's face, and he continued to walk forward if he had nothing to do.After a few breaths, a burst of intensive movements passed into the ears of Jian Chen more clearly. Now that the sound of the movements is loud, there is no need to deliberately hear what can be clearly heard, and the front half of the person The high weeds are also shaking like a breeze. With the weeds fluctuating, a blue-colored sound is flashing between weeds at an extremely fast rate, and the majority are numerous.The sword dust was calm and unrestrained, still moving forward in a hurry, and in his right hand, the powerful Holy Power flocked out and quickly gathered into a silver-white sword."Oh!"At this moment, a low wolf squeak suddenly came, and then saw a blue figure jumped out of the weeds, quickly rushed toward the sword dust.The sword dust did not look squinted. As the blue-colored figure was close to his body, with the slight trembling of his right arm, the breeze sword he held in his right hand also turned into a flash of silvery light. At the same time, he also made a big step under his feet, just escaped the blue figure that pounced on him.The blue figure that pounced on him was unable to fall to the ground. It was only after seeing that it was a blue wolf, and at the neck of the blue wolf, there was a very small blood hole.When the blue wolf was lying on the ground, suddenly, it was a figure in blue that leapt from the weeds. At the same time, it rushed toward the sword dust, and the giant squid mouth opened with a strong smell. The smelly odor, the stimulating nose can hardly breathe.The dust in the sword dust is self-possessed. His face does not change in the slightest. The right arm has been transformed into a phantom. The breeze sword spurs several swords at lightning speed, and each sword hits a blue one. Wolf's throat.Most of these blue wolves are first and second-order strengths, and they are absolutely not threatening to sword dust.In the dense weeds, the blue figures constantly jumped up and rushed toward the sword dust, but the pace of advancement of sword dust did not stop there. Even the speed of progress did not slow down. In front of him, the quick-wielding breeze sword has been turned into an intensive sword net. It flashes in his whole body. Every time he flickers, he takes away the life of a blue wolf.The conservative estimate of the blue wolf hidden in the grasslands is also over a thousand. It has formed an encirclement of several hundred meters in radius and surrounds the sword dust tightly. Within this range of several hundred meters, The green wolf that is completely hidden in the weeds has been filled up. However, nevertheless, it is absolutely impossible to attack the green wolf that attacks the sword dust at the same time.Although he was aware of the horrors surrounding the number of green wolves, Jian Chen did not put his heart on it. To combat these strengths, only one or two orders of World of Warcraft, the sword dust is almost a blow to kill, but also very easy, and he caused The consumption is minimal.If the rest of the mercenaries meet so many green wolfs, I am afraid that even those who have the power of the Great Teacher will feel extremely painful. Although one or two levels of Warcraft can hardly hurt the Grand Masters, the number of Thousands of people, even if they don't pay to just stand there and kill you, will make your hand soft.It is a common thing to encounter wolves in the prairie grasslands. The sword dust is marching against countless blue wolves. The breeze sword in his hands seems to represent the scythe of death and is mercilessly harvested. The life of a blue wolf, the blue wolf that rushed toward him, was no exception to being worn by a sword. Even if the body moved at high speed in midair, it could not escape the quick sword that resembled the death of a sickle.Behind the sword dust, the red blood has formed a straight line. The splashed blood has already dyed the surrounding green grass. The body of the blue wolf has neatly paved a line of hundreds of meters. .In the ruthless massacre of sword dust, a blue wolf leaped from the grasslands without fear of death, and rushed toward the sword dust. They seemed to have no fear and fear. They were in their hands. In the eyes, it seems that there is a lot of hatred and hatred, ready to die....The blood continues to splatter in mid-air, and the silver-white Jianguang seems to be the only one between heaven and earth. Among the blue oceans that are mixed with blood and red, the most splendid glory is blooming.Jian Chen's body did not make much movement. From beginning to end, he kept going at normal speed all the way. Although there were countless blue wolves coming forward, they couldn't stop the sword dust.Under such a rapid massacre, there were hundreds of blue wolfs who died in the hands of swords and dust in less than half an hour. In Jian Chen’s body, even a little blood was not contaminated."嗷嗷~~~"At this moment, a long wolf squeaked in the wolves. The wolverine seemed to be an order. Immediately afterwards, those blue wolf besieging the sword dust retreated with lightning, leaving hundreds of companions behind. After the body, no retreat away.The wolves came quickly and the pace of retreat was not slow. In a flash, some of the remaining blue wolf fled through the cover of the prairie. Only the bodies of hundreds of blue wolves and the ones were completely delineated by blood. A long straight line still remains.Looking at the blue wolf that had fled without a trace, Jian Chen regained the breeze sword. After experiencing the previous smashing, he turned out to be not red and breathless."It is rumored that the wild wolf in the grasslands is the most ferocious. It seems that this sentence is really good. One by one is forgotten to death, there is no fear of death." Jian Chen looked indifferently sighed.Next, the direction of the sword dust remained unchanged, and it continued to follow a straight line, and for the bodies of hundreds of blue wolves, he did not pay attention to it. Although there were many first- and second-order magic nuclei, The current strength and worth of sword dust, has not put the first and second order magic core in the eyes, and so many bodies, it also takes time to deal with them, bent on thinking only the way to the sword dust is too lazy to waste This time.The area of ​​this grassland is very large. After two consecutive days of trekking, sword dust finally emerged from the grasslands and came to a desolate, sparsely populated area. Then it took two more hours to walk and finally embarked on a track with countless carriages. Official way.In front of the official road, there is a team of horses rushing towards the direction of the sword dust with several carriages.