Chapter 16 Advanced Two Strongmen ()Upon hearing the words of Jian Chen, Cady Qiuli opened her eyes and said, "This is what you said. You must never run away." Cady Qiuli obviously did not want to prepare time for the sword dust, When the words were not finished, her people quickly rushed toward the sword dust. When they were near the sword dust, just as they did just now, they also leaped up and kicked volleyed to the face of sword dust, but this time The speed at which this kick is kicked out is a lot faster than just now.A dusty smile appeared on the face of Jian Chen. In the face of Kadi Qiuli, Jian Chen really did not hide. When the legs of Kadi Qiuli were about to kick his face, the hands of Jian Chen quickly explored. Out, firmly grasped Caddy Qiuli's calf, then both hands force, waist twisted, foot pace changes, quickly stepped out of a circle, this series of action sword dust completely one after another, then saw the sword dust Actually, he grabbed a leg of Kadi Qiuli, and in Kadi Qiuli's panic-sounding exclamation, she flicked her body and spun up in midair.This action of the Jian Chen stunned many students under the ring. It was not only because the sword dust didn’t have the slightest pity for Xiang Xiyu, but she actually left a long, so cute girl without any image in the air. Most of them were amazed at the ease with which they could defeat the opponents of the Holy Spirit to reach the sixth floor.Under the ring, he watched his sister actually abused by the sword dust. Kadiyun's forehead was already raging and his face became gloomy. He looked into Jian Chen’s eyes and was full of murderous mobs. Dean Bai En played the game on the side, I am afraid that he has rushed to the ring to teach the sword dust lesson.The sword dust hands like a powerful forceps, tried to hold Kadi Qiuli leg in the air after two turns and then released his hands, suddenly, I saw Katie Qiu Li's petite body in The air traversed a perfect trajectory, flew straight down to the ring, and finally broke into a crowd.This move, sword dust is learned from the tower, he watched the tower several times and found that almost half of the opponents of the tower were directly used by the tower with the method he had just used, but still, Jian Chen had to say, this is indeed a good way to win easily, especially at certain times for some people.A little bit disdainful watching the audience under the help of the crowd has been back to stand up again, Kadi Qiuli, sword dust sneer, soon after the referee announced victory, did not hurry to step down the ring.Looked blankly at the sword dust that had left the ring, Kadi Qiuli's eyes were a bit sluggish. From childhood to childhood, she grew up in the 10,000 people’s favorite pets. She was so insulted that she was actually caught. After a few feet in the air, a foot was still ruined. Although the body was not greatly injured, the lost face made her feel very grieved. She thought that she wanted to live. Katie Qiuli's eyes gradually There was a hint of mist, and the last two lines of clear tears burst into tears and cried out silently.As soon as the sword dust just left the ring, Kadi Qiuli’s brother Cadiyun was in front of the sword dust, staring at the sword dust with fierce eyes and screaming: “Boy, you are so fucking Kind, dare to treat my sister like this."Jiandi’s eyes looked plain and irritated, and he sneered and said nothing. He left, and in Jian Chen’s opinion, talking to him was just a waste of tongue because he couldn’t be used to it. Di Yun so arrogant of family forces bully people's deaf children.Looking at the back of the sword dust that gradually disappeared, Kadiyun’s face became more and more gloomy.Not long after the game of sword dust ended, the list of the top four players soon came out, namely Changyang Xiangtian, Tower, Kadi Liang, and Tianqi Bear.For the tower can enter the top ten sword dust does not feel the slightest accident, but for Kadi Liang can also be successfully advanced to the semi-finals, it touches the sword dust feel a slight accident.In the fourth place, he succeeded in qualifying for the top four Tianqin Xiong. He is a boy of about the same age as Cadi Qiuli. He is of medium build and his face is white. Although he is only 6 or 7 years old this year, he is not able to demonstrate his handsome looks. And that standard features.Sitting on the rostrum, Bai En's deputy dean of Kajas College swept slowly from the four members of the Jian Chen. He smiled and nodded. He murmured: “It seems that new students entering the school this year are better than the previous years. I have to be strong, and I really hope that I will be able to come out with a strong person in the Carcass College.”After the first four strong points were scored, the rest time was about one hour. The next game continued. However, it is very clever that this time the opponent who drew the sword dust actually was Kadi Liang, and the opponent of the tower was the sky bear. .Under the ring, Kadiyun's three brothers and sisters gathered together. Now Kadi Qiuli's eyes are slightly red and swollen."Brother, you must teach him well." Caddy Qiuli's eyes were full of anger, and he said to Kardi.Looking at the red and swollen eyes of Cadi Qiuli, and the two tears that had dried up on her face, Cady couldn't help but have a trace of extreme anger. The tone was firm: "Qiu Li sister, you Rest assured, even if you are punished by the college, your elder brother will surely help you learn his lesson.""Oh, this crazy boy actually dares to treat my sister like this. I really don't want to live. Sister, don't worry, I assure you that the kid will be very painful in college later, even though the principal is very partial to civilians. Student, but that kid is not a civilian. Even if I call him a disabled president, he will not say anything. At most, he criticizes us.” There was a glimpse of a vicious look in Cady’s eyes. For this younger sister, Kadiyun and Kadi Liang are very concerned about the sword dust so bully their sister, has let them both hate the sword dust.Soon, Jian Chen and Kadi Liang both appeared on the ring. It was at the time that Zhong Shenggang, who signaled the start of the game, remembered that Kadi Liang's body shape suddenly rushed forward, rapidly toward the sword dust. Rush, hit the sword dust directly.The sword dust body dexterously escaped Katie's attack, and he appeared in the back of Kadiliang's eyes in the blink of an eye. He also hit a punch in the direction of Kadi, and the speed was very fast.    "bump!"When Kadi Liang had not responded, Jian Chen’s fists had already been slammed on Cadillac's back, and the powerful impact from the fists caused Caddy to step forward and beat him forward. For a few steps, he almost stood unsteadily and threw himself to the ground.A boxing out, sword dust movement did not stay in the slightest, feet repeatedly, quickly came to Kadiliang in front of him, when he still had time to stand up, it is a kick in his ass directly. Suddenly, Kadi Liang could not control her body once again, and she was able to leap forward for nearly two meters. However, when he stopped, Kadi Liang had already come to the ring. The edge of the side, and the small half of the body has already been outside the ring.After seeing this scene, students who were concerned about the downfall of the sword dust all made a few surprises. None of them thought that the match was only about one round and it was about to win the match. It also made many students feel incredible. Yes, Kadi Liang, who possesses nine layers of Holy Power, will be so easily defeated by a sword dust with only eight layers of Holy Power.Looking at Kadi Liang who had already fallen out of the ring, the hearts of Kadi Qiuli and Kadiyun under the ring both mentioned the dice."Oh, why is my brother so careless? This, it's true, he never loses to the kid's hand." Katie Qiuli grunted with angrily, frowning anxiously Words, looking at Kadi's eyes filled with worries.Kadiyun sighed with a bit of annoyance and said: "What the younger brother is doing, actually being so careless, was made like this by a person with only eight layers of Holy Power."On the rostrum, Bai En, the vice-chancellor who sat on it, gradually showed a happy smile on his face. He murmured, “This time, the freshman was really lucky, one is natural and the other is for me. Although the attack is simple, it contains implicit ideas and can always make the most accurate reflection at the most critical moment. If the two of them are good-nurtured, they believe that in the near future, they will become famous experts on the Yuanda Road. This matter, it seems that we have had a good discussion with the dean."On the stage, Kadi Liang climbed up from the ring. Now his forehead is covered in cold sweat. If his body just slides a bit further in front of him, he certainly cannot control his balance and lose his balance. Fall directly on. If he is really defeated by an opponent with only eight layers of Holy Power and he is defeated so ugly, then this is definitely a great shame for him.Just as Kadi Liang got up from the ground and just turned away, he suddenly realized that he was in front of a flower and hadn't understood what was going on. Then he felt a pain in his chest. Then he felt his body fluttering. , and the ring in his eyes continue to become smaller, and finally hit a slamming fall to the ground, and in his white clothes, the chest has relievedly added a footprint.A bit of sadness stood up from the ground, Cady Leung looked around the eyes, then reflected, immediately filled with angry eyes in the eyes, watching the eyes of Jian Chen filled with a look of spite. The person who thought of him as a nine-story sage would actually be defeated by an opponent with only eight layers of Holy Power, and he was also defeated so wastefully. When he thought of this, Kadi Liang’s heart was full of endlessness. The anger, for him, is definitely a great shame.Kadiyun came to the front of Kadi, the atmosphere said: "But I'm so disappointed with you, you really lose face for our Cady family." To leave these words, Kadiyun does not look at the card. Like Di Liang, he left straight away.After listening to Cady's words, Kadi's face became ugly for a time."Brother, you're so impressed. You said that you'll teach me about him. As a result, you've learned a lesson from him." Caddy Qiuli said when he saw Caddy's body in front of her, she said a bit of iron. Very angry.After listening to this, Cady Yun’s face changed again and she replied, “This is only his good luck, and he won me with the advantage of the ring. If he changes a place, he must not be my opponent. Sister, you can rest assured that I will definitely teach him a lesson.”Heard that Cadi Qiuli looked down and thought that Cadi's words were very reasonable. He even nodded slightly and said, "My elder brother, next time you can definitely kick me and teach him. ”Katie patted his chest and vowed once and for all: "You don't worry about Sanmei. This matter is wrapped around me."Just after the end of the game of sword dust, the tower and the canopy bear also won the match. Although the tower is weaker than the canopy bear in the power of the Holy Spirit, his natural god power has already made up for this. The flaws, finally with the perverse force and the experience of fighting with wild beasts, finally defeated the Tianchangxiong and became the winner of this game. Like the Jian Chen, they successfully advanced to the top two and the last new king, It will be produced between them.