Chapter 168 JulianLooking at the shocked expression on the face of the old man, Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "Mr. Huang Lao really good vision."Although the body of the fifth-order Warcraft brought great shocks to the heart of the old man, he still quickly controlled his emotions, took a deep breath, and slowly calmed himself down. At this moment, he looked to the eyes of Jian Chen. It has completely changed."This gentleman, I would like to ask you to really auction the bodies of these two fifth-order World of Warcraft." The old man's old eyes are full of hope and look at Jian Chen. The body of the fifth-order Warcraft is not only very valuable, but also very difficult to find, in the second-tier cities such as Fengyang City, only two or three times the fifth-order World of Warcraft corpses in only a few decades, but each appearance is in the vicinity Several of the city’s cities have caused a lot of shocks, and many powerful and powerful family members have been involved in the competition.If these two fifth-order World of Warcrafts get their Tianfeng Auction House auction, then it is not only a kind of honor for their auction houses, but it will also make them more famous, even if it becomes this piece. The first auction house in the area is not impossible.Looked at the old man with a bit of nervous look, sword dust face could not help but smile, said: "Yes, these two fifth-order World of Warcraft's body, I really get your bank to auction, I do not know what to have Is it a problem?"Hearing, the old man overjoyed and quickly waved: "No, no, you can put these two fifth-order World of Warcraft bodies on our Tianfeng auction house. This is the honor of our Tianfeng auction house, but this gentleman The bodies of these two fifth-order World of Warcraft were too big to go beyond what I could handle. Please wait for a moment. I'll go and ask the director of our Tianfeng auction house to come and talk with you about further matters."Afterwards, Mr. Huang Lao and Jian Chen were very polite. They just left here. In the quiet confinement room, there was only sword dust left alone.Jian Chen is sitting in a chair very casually, with his head down and his face brooding. He is now thinking in his mind about how the next move and possible problems will be dealt with.Fifth-order Warcraft's corpse is very valuable, in Fengyang City, such a second-tier city, it can be said is very rare, the sword dust also understands that the two fifth-order Warcraft of their own auction, perhaps not only in this area caused A shock is so simple, but he is also very likely to meet some trouble."Oh!"With a loud noise, the door of the secret room was opened. When the sword dust looked up, I saw a woman in a blue-coloured dress stepping in slowly from the outside with her small steps. Upon entering, a very good smell swiftly charged in the sealed chamber.The tall figure of the woman looks, from her appearance, about thirty years old, and spreads a unique temperament that this mature woman possesses. Although a natural beauty face can not talk about stunning and tilting The kind of country allure, but for some ordinary men, there is still an irresistible attraction. Behind her, a long, dark-green hair was not bound by any shackles. She was arbitrarily dressed behind her back. Her bright black eyes shone with shrewd light, as if she could see through the heart.Behind this woman, Mr. Huang Lao, who had previously left, followed closely into the secret chamber, and then closed the door with his backhand.When the woman looked at the sword and dust, the woman was also looking at the sword dust. Then she sat on a sofa opposite the sword dust elegantly. A pair of dark eyes shone with the light of Zhi Rui staring at the sword dust. Smiled slightly, softly said: "In the next Urian, now as the director of Tianfeng auction line, I do not know what the gentleman should call."Jian Chen slightly handed over and said: "Without clouds, Miss Julian is reasonable."Julian nodded slightly and turned to look at Huang Lao, who was sitting next to him. He smiled and said, "Originally Mr. Wu Yun, just listening to Mr. Huang Lao said that Mr. Wu Yun seems to be auctioning two fives at this auction house. Order of Warcraft's body, I do not know can have this matter." When speaking, Ulysses a pair of beautiful eyes do not hesitate to stare at the sword dust through the face of disobedience."Yes, there is indeed something!" Jian Chen puts a space belt with two fifth-order Warcraft corpses on the table in front of him. The tone is calm and calm: "Miss Julien, there is something in here, please also Check it out.""Yeah!" Julian started picking up the space belt and began to detect it, but when she saw the body of Warcraft inside, there was still a hint of surprise on her face."Yes, it is indeed a fifth-order Warcraft. If I'm not mistaken, they must be Tianyi Shenniu and Suyun Beast." Julian whispered.Jian Chen slightly nodded: "Miss Julian, these two fifth-order Warcraft I intend to stay in your auction auction, I wonder if there is any problem?"Hearing, Julian smiled lightly, elegantly moving the space belt gently on the table in front of him, a pair of black and bright eyes with a breathtaking attraction, seemingly full of complaints. The irresistible feminine color stares at Jian Gu’s unshakable face and said: “Of course there is no problem. Considering that Mr. Auction’s Warcraft is too rare for us, it can also be auctioned for us. Bring more influence, so I can give the gentlemen an exemption from all fees on behalf of the auction house. Once these two gold medals are successfully auctioned out, Mr. Wong will receive a 100% auction fee and our auction house will never collect any fees from it. Any fees."For the fee charged by the auction house, Jian Chen did not care, but he still gave thanks."Of course, if the gentleman can bring both of the five-dimensional World of Warcraft magic nuclei into the auction at the same time, and then join us in the big promotion of the Tianfeng auction house, I must be able to sell a very good price, I wonder if the gentleman think about it. "Urian continued.There was a slight smile on the face of the sword dust, and said: "Miss Julianne, very sorry. The two fifth-order Warcraft are the bodies I picked up in the Mountains of Warcraft. When I discovered their dead bodies, their magic core was already Was taken away, so I don't have a fifth-order Warcraft magic nucleus at all.""Oh! Is it really like this?" Julian said with a look of disbelief, and smiled.After listening to these words, Jian Chen's face sank slightly, whining, and some dissatisfied words: "Miss Julien, I have already said, believe it or not."Looking at the dusty face of Jian Chen, Juliane apologized for a smile and said softly: “Mr. Wu Yun, don’t be mad at yourself. The little woman just casually asks. There is no other meaning. Please also don't misunderstand."Saying, Julian quickly took out a piece of paper and said: "Mr. Cloudless, please sign a letter on it. At the same time, the two fifth-order World of Warcraft will also be handed over to our Tianfeng Auction House for custody. I do not know that Mr. No comments.""The rules of the auction house I still know, OK, these two five-order Warcraft will be left to you for the time being, but if there is any problem with the goods during this period, your auction house will be responsible.""Mr. Wuyun can rest assured that our Tianfeng Auction House has a certain reputation in the vicinity. Once the goods have lost, our Tianfeng Auction House will bear full responsibility."