Chapter 166 Fengyang CityThe mystery man in the wagon where he met on the way brought a lot of doubts to Jian Chen. From the name of the blue head of the man and the sound of the man, it was not hard to hear that people sitting in the carriage should It is an older old man. Its strength seems to be unfathomable in Jian Chen. At least it is definitely not a Great Teacher. Because for the strong Master of the Grand Master class, the sword dust can sense the out of the car. The mysterious old man, Jian Chen was not even able to sense a little strength."It seems that he has at least the strength of the Holy Master of the earth, but why did he give me this token?" Watching this piece of expensive purple gold token, Jian Chen whispered in a low voice. There is no sign on this token, but it is full of weird lines."Forget it, don't think about it, or get on the road. As for the city of God in the holy empire, I will naturally go afterwards if I have enough strength." The sword dust quickly calmed down and put the purple gold token into space. In the ring, then continue on your way.The official road was very quiet, and sometimes it was impossible to see a figure for a long time. However, during the day, there were still a lot of horses and various mercenary mercenaries and caravans passing by.Because of having a map, Jian Chen did not worry that he would lose his way. Then, according to the map, Jian Chen walked along the official road for three days and finally came to a place called “Fengyang City”. city ​​of.Fengyang City is a secondary city. The entire city covers an area of ​​several hundred kilometers. Here, there are more people on the official road. The wide road is almost full of people. The team is naked. Or the mercenary who wears a helmet and a helmet, riding a tall horse and some of Warcraft, escorting a carriage full of goods to walk slowly on the official road, and all sorts of arguments are voicing around.Jian Chen on the official road with the flow of people to a few hundred meters away Fengyang City, the tall walls slowly walk, walking on the official road among these mercenaries, there are many and the same as the sword dust is a hurry alone Therefore, the sword dust did not attract people's attention.In the city gate of Fengyang City, there are many soldiers wearing armor waiting, one by one standing upright, fierce eyes constantly sweeping across the city of Fengyang."Standing, doing what!" At this time, a loud cry came from the side and saw that a large group of caravans was stopped by a soldier who was defending the city.At this time, a short-sleeved, middle-aged man wearing a gown and a fat figure immediately walked up and made a friendly pull up the soldier's hand. Then a few golden coins were quietly stuffed into the hands of the soldier. , cheeky and smiling.The soldier took hold of the few gold coins stuffed into his hands by a chunky middle-aged man, and the serious expression on his face suddenly disappeared. He showed a satisfied look and waved, "Go in!"Those caravans entering the city will almost always be stopped by these soldiers to collect some small fees. This is a very common thing on Tianyuan. Of course, there are also some caravans that are not willing to pay any fees, but these caravans Without exception, these soldiers will be used to prevent dangerous goods from entering the city or use other kinds of arguments as an excuse to forcibly search for goods on board.For their disrespect, although it made everyone dissatisfied, but the backstage behind these defending soldiers is the garrison power of the entire city. What the non-general people can provoke, before them, even some grumpy mercenaries. Only to swallow it.Jian Chen has entered Fengyang City unimpededly. Those soldiers who are defending the city are also aware of their goals. Feeling like a sword dust and a mercenary group with no escort, they will not bother to care. Only those caravans will be stopped by them.As a second-tier city, Fengyang City is very large. Compared with WACKER City, it will undoubtedly be bustling. After entering the city, the sword dust went through some inquiries and went to a place selling horses and spent a few golden coins to buy it. A good horse then rode to the horse and ran towards the city.Fengyang city is very large, if there is no ride, then I am afraid that just go from the East Gate of Fengyang City Xichengmen, will spend half a day.The sword dust galloped all the way across the wide road on horses, and finally came to a money house. When the horses were bound outside, they walked straight into the money house.In the money house, the sword dust exchanged copper coins, silver coins and gold coins from his body into amethyst coins, leaving only a small part of it to be used as piecemeal. Almost all of these money were sword dust in the Warcraft Mountains and were taken from the mercenaries. So far, they have almost filled up a space belt.When he converted almost all the coins he wanted to bring to the entire space to become Amethyst Coins, he actually exchanged more than 30,000 coins, plus some of his original amethyst coins, adding up. It has reached 40,000 figures.When the sword dust came out of the money house, he already had a purple and gold card in his hands. This card was called the Purple Gold Card on Tianyuan.Zijin card is universal in Tianyuan continent, and its function is to save a large number of amethyst coins that cannot be carried. Of course, Zijin card does not have an independent space like a space belt. His role is to calculate purple gold coins. The number, with this card, you can access money anywhere on the Tianyuan Continent anytime, anywhere, and in some high-level trading venues, you can also use Zijin card spending and payment, than you directly carry a large number of purple Crystal coins are no doubt much easier.Purple Gold Card is only half the size of a slap. It is made of a little purple gold and some special materials. It is made of secret methods. So it looks weak, but it is very hard. Even people who are as strong as the Holy Master are strong. Can't damage it.Although the conditions for obtaining the Zijin Card are not difficult, it is not something that ordinary people can have, because only a person with 10,000 amethyst coins is eligible to receive a Zijin Card.With Zijin cards, it is not only a symbol of status but also a symbol of wealth on Tianyuan.The number of amethyst coins saved in the Zijin Card is only measured by special instruments. It is impossible for ordinary people to do even if they want to do fake. However, for Zijin Card, the bank has always been unaware of money. As long as you hold this card, whether you are the owner of this card or not, you can access money on any one of the banks in Tianyuan.Out of the gate of the bank, Jian Chen got the purple gold card in his hands. Now this card has saved nearly 40,000 amethyst coins. He saved almost all of his money in it, leaving only a small amount of money. Partially needed for peacetime.When those who pass by the bank saw the purple gold card in the hands of the sword dust, the look of envy and jealousy was revealed in one eye, and many people looked at the sword dust more than the other.Jian Chen glanced around his eyes and looked at the expressions of those people's faces one by one in the eye. Then he chuckled and quickly placed the purple gold card into the space belt and then drove away to get away.