Chapter 165 Mystery PeopleThe sword dust looked at the pair of horses. Although they were separated by a distance of more than a kilometer, they still looked at each other clearly in his extraordinary eyes.Because it was a small caravan, the total number of carriages was less than 10, and the number of escorts was only about 40. All of them were riding strong, high-profile Malaysians, and in the middle of the team, There is a slightly more luxurious carriage decorated.Jian Chen walked on the official road at ordinary speed and soon met with the small caravans. The dozens of burly big men escorting the caravans were all glanced back and forth on the Jian Chen. There are only a few people with a careless look in the sword dust a random, and then visually in front of ignore the sword dust.Just as the sword dust was less than five meters away from the caravan, the two stopped at the same time because the direction in which the sword dust was moving at the moment was precisely in front of the caravan team.At this time, the dozens of Dahan who escorted the caravan team had become very unfriendly to see Jian Chen's eyes, and some people were eye-catching and fierce in their eyes."Who come, why stop the road!" A Dahan shouted at Jian Chen.Jian Chen did not care much about their attitude. He slightly surrendered his hand and said, "Several people have lost their way through this time. I wonder if I can ask you about it."After listening to these words, many people frowned, because the mercenaries who walked on the mainland for many years were not very familiar with the surrounding terrain, they would carry a map with them, and they would almost never encounter sword dust. As the saying goes, the words of Jian Chen, these guards will naturally not easily win the trust."Less fucking nonsense, hurry off, or don't blame him for being gracious to you." The savage tempered Han could not help but sneaked up, this big man was naked and his muscles were exposed. In the sun, it gives a strong visual impact while the lower body wears only a pair of shorts.Hearing, Jian Chen’s face sank, his eyes staring fiercely at the famous Han, and sternly whispered: “You should give me a clean spot in your mouth. Don’t lose your life because of one sentence. The words of this famous man obviously angered the sword dust.The words of Jian Chen’s words made the face of a group of mercenaries opposite to one another sink, and the name of the Han who was watched by the sharp dust of the sword and dust could not help the trembling of the bottom of the heart. A coldness did not come from here, rising from the bottom of the heart. Its, but also flashed a glimmer of eye color. However, when he discovered that he had been exposed to twilight under the gaze of a young man under twenty years of age, he was sullenly angry. However, without waiting for him to speak, a voice that was a little simple and honest was passed from behind. come."This friend, you just said too much about this sentence." With the voice, I saw a middle-aged man riding slowly on a black horse from behind, middle-aged man slightly Looks a bit gloomy, eyes chilling surging, condescending watching the sword dust."Blue leader!""Blue leader!"The middle-aged man riding a black horse just appeared and the mercenaries around him began to cry.The sword dust looked directly at the middle-aged man and said: "Before you say this, you must first discipline and discipline your subordinates."The naked, upper-bodied Han slammed and stared at the sword dust with his fierce eyes and shouted: "Hurricane, a good boy with his mother's son, and she dares not to respect our head, let me take it with me. Your mother came to teach you good teaching.” Then, the brave man jumped up from the back of his horse and lifted his hand and rolled toward the face of sword dust.When he heard the sentence, there was a sudden change in the face of Jiannian. The strong and stern murderousness flickered in the eyes, immediately lifted his left hand, and steadily borrowed the palm of the fan. At the same time, the right hand became a fist and crashed toward the big man's chest."Oh!"With the sound of a broken bone, Jian Chen’s fists with a strong Holy Power have already hit the brave man's chest suddenly, and suddenly the whole body of Dahan’s chest has caved in.    "what!"A scream was heard from the big Hankou. The fierce look on his face suddenly disappeared. A darkened face had turned pale.Immediately, I saw a blur of flashes of light flashing through. The dust of Jian Chen’s leg was already kicking on the chest of Han’s chest with the swift wind of the dragonfly, and the body of the Dahan Han’s body was flying high and high. Then, eventually, he flew more than ten meters before he fell to the ground and splashed with dust and smoke. Then a bright red blood spewed from Da Hankou, and his face became pale and his expression shrank.Looking at the Han who could not climb up on the ground for half a day, the rest of the mercenaries looked incomprehensibly in their eyes. They took a long while to react, and then they shouted loudly and called out the sacred soldiers. Killed with sword dust."Stop!" The middle-aged man, who was riding a black horse and became the head of blue, immediately booed and stopped the mercenaries who were angry at the sword and dust.The blue leader Tuoma slowly came forward, his face staring at Jian Chen with a dignified face and sang: "You, you really just want to ask for a clear road. There is no other meaning.""Yes!" Jian Chen nodded slightly and said."Head of Blue, give this little brother a map."As soon as the Jian Chen voice fell, a slightly old voice appeared from behind. Although the voice was old, it was full of energy.Hearing this voice, Jian Chen looked back, and the sound came from the decorated slightly more luxurious carriage that was sandwiched by the team.A glimpse of respect was revealed in the eyes of the Blue Commander, and with the direction of the car, he slightly shook his hand: "Yes, old gentleman!"Seeing such a look of the head of the blue, Jian Guang’s eyes flashed in his eyes, and his eyes couldn’t help but look at the direction of the carriage. Although he could feel someone inside, he felt not so far away from him. Out of the horse's strength.Immediately afterwards, the head of the blue took out a roll from the space belt and threw a sword dust. "This is a map of the Wind Blue Empire. Take it."The sword dust reached out and took a sweeping look. Then he rolled up the scroll and arched his hand slightly. He left without saying anything.Eyes looked deep into the back of the sword dust, the blue head took a deep breath and waved his hand: “go!”Afterwards, the wounded Han was simply dealt with the injuries of the two, and he was accompanied by a horse. The entire caravan continued to move in the original direction.Dust-bulb eyes have been staring at the wagon, and they are perceiving the situation inside the wagon with their own perceptive effort when they are not far from the carriage. The blue leader had the power of the senior sages. Even the senior sages had to show their respectful look. Such people had already caused the curiosity of the sword dust.However, he felt nothing but a person sitting in the carriage and breathing altogether."Oh, young man, having such strength at such an age is not easy. Let's try hard. I believe that in the near future, you will be famous for the mainland."As soon as the sword dust passed the carriage, a slightly old voice suddenly rang in the ear, as if someone had spoken softly in his ear.Jian Chen's face slightly changed, and the body suddenly froze down, then suddenly turned around and looked at, but did not find a figure around, then, Jimo eyes incredible staring at the carriage passing by, this road The old voice, which he had just heard, came from the man in the carriage.What's more, what makes Jian Chen incredible is that the mercenaries that were protected around the wagons did not seem to have heard the words just at all; their faces did not change in the slightest, and they still looked like they had done before."Young man, if you come to the city of God in the holy empire later, you can find me with this token."At this moment, the voice of getting old sounded again, but this time the sound was not as mysterious as it once was, but it was heard from inside the carriage. Immediately afterwards, I saw a flashing purple token flying from the window of the car. Out, steady fall in the hands of the sword dust.This time, several of the mercenaries guarding the wagons around looked at Jian Chen. Their eyes were full of envy and extreme color. They were still somewhat confused.Looking at the purple glittering token that fell in the hands of the sawing, the dust in the dust of the sword rolled up the sky and waves. At this moment, he finally realized that the mysterious figure sitting inside the carriage was actually a strength. Unfathomable master. Because for this token, he did not reach out and pick it up. Even so, he was firmly in his own hands. With this hand alone, it was by no means an ordinary person.But at the same time the heart of the sword is also very strange, since the horse has such a strong strength, why do we have to bring some of the strongest strength to achieve the ranks of the senior sages, and this team is among the general strength Still in the stage of the Great Sages, this is clearly unjustified.Moreover, if he escorted so many cargoes along the way, he would not have space rings and space belts."Keke...."The carriage was gone and an apparently suppressed cough came from inside the car. Jian Chen stood in the spot and looked away from the carriage. His heart could not be calm for a long time."Call ... ..." sword dust long out of breath, looked under the hands of this shining purple shiny token, this token about the size of the palm, was "arrow" type Mo Yang, a thick finger, take Heavy in the hands, the whole token is made of Zijin, and this Zijin is still specially refined. Its value is much higher than that of the Amethyst, and it is just this token. It's worth a lot of money."The City of the Holy Spirit, God, is not one of the other super major cities of the Tianyuan mainland, but it is also the king of the Holy Empire. What is the identity of the mysterious figure?" The sword dust whispered.