Chapter 169 Clearing Hidden TroubleNext, Jian Chen and Yu Li'an, the director of Tianfeng auction house, discussed some related matters. Finally, Jian Chen left two fifth-order Warcraft corpses in the auction house, and left himself here.When the sword dust left, in the quiet chamber, only the appraisers Huang Lao and Julian were left inside.Mr. Huang Lao closed the door of the secret chamber, and then he continued to return to the position where he had just sat and sat down again. He gazed at the space belt that Julian took in his hand, paused, and finally looked at Julian. Said: "Xiao An, the magic nucleus of the two-fifth-order World of Warcraft, you see if there may be no cloud body."Yu Li’an, like a suet-like jadeite, touched gently on the space belt with two fifth-order World of Warcraft. Although there was bloody inside, she did not reveal the slightest thing as a daughter. Discomfort and disgust look."It's very possible. From the wounds of these two World of Warcraft players, they should be fratricide. The last two defeats were knocked out. From the point of taking out the magic core, this person's strength should be It is not strong, at least compared with the fifth-order World of Warcraft is far better than, otherwise, he wants to remove the magic core of the two fifth-order Warcraft body is very easy, simply can not make the wound so messy." Julian said indulging."However, it does not rule out that these five fifth-order magic nucleuses are really taken away. The person who claims to be cloudless is just picking up the bodies of two fifth-order World of Warcraft. It's just that. It is very small. Unless it is those who have achieved the power of the Holy Land or even the Sky Master class, they may not care about the bodies of the fifth-order World of Warcraft, but the magic cores of these two fifth-order World of Warcraft bodies are obviously not used by such strong players. Take away."After listening to this, Mr. Huang Lao nodded slightly and said: "So it seems that the two fifth-order World of Warcraft are likely to be in a cloudless body.""Well, there is a great possibility." Juliane also nodded with great approval. Then he sighed, and said: "Forget it, the fifth-order magic nucleus is not irrelevant to us without a cloudless body. We only need to do an auction well. The work can be done. Although the value of the fifth-order magic nucleus is expensive, it is insignificant compared with the reputation of our Tianfeng auction house.""Okay, Huang Lao, we don't think about the fifth-order magic nucleus. We can do our job with peace of mind. This time we can accidentally discover two five-order magic nucleus. This will come to our Tianfeng auction house. It is a very rare opportunity in itself. We must make good use of this hard-won opportunity and make our Tianfeng Auction Company's reputation even greater.""Well, I understand." Mr. Huang Lao nodded.“Also, with respect to cloudless things, we still have to keep secret, and we must absolutely not be able to vent the slightest news to the owners of the fifth-order World of Warcraft. Otherwise, our Tianfeng Auction House would not only not obtain any benefit from it, but also It will have a huge impact on our reputation and how important our reputation will be to the auction house. Huang Lai must have made it clear in your heart.” Although Julian’s words were light, they filled with unspoken tone. It is as if a superior is commanding the commander."Ah, old and clear." Huang Lao quickly responded.After leaving the Tianfeng Auction House, Jiandeng took a walk on crowded streets and walked a few blocks along the way. After determining that there was no tracking, he slowly came to an unpopulated remote alleyway. Looking at the uninhabited small stone houses on both sides of the small alley where the doors were locked, the sword dust slightly hesitated, and then offered a light breeze sword to open the chain of the door, and fled into the hut.The hut is very dark and its visibility is very low. Some furniture is simply placed inside. From the thick dust that has accumulated on the table, it can be clearly seen that this hut has not been inhabited for a long time.The sword dust randomly looked around for the next four weeks. Immediately he took out some items from the space belt and began to cleanse his face. Then even the clothes he was wearing were changed again, and he changed his hairstyle. Only to leave the chalet, then walk out from the other side of the small alley.When the sword dust reappears in people’s sights, his appearance has been restored to its original appearance, and even the whole person’s impetus has undergone subtle changes. At this moment, even if it is yellow with close contact with the sword dust Both the old gentleman and Julian, even if they stand in front of the sword dust, I am afraid that can not connect the current sword dust and the previous cloudless, because the difference between the two is really too big.Jian Chen first went to negotiate and bought a map detailing Fengyang City, and then walked to the Tianfeng Auction House to familiarize himself with the surrounding environment of Tianfeng Auctions, and then wandered around.Although the body of the fifth-order Warcraft is common in the big cities where the strong are gathered, it is very precious in this area of ​​Fengyang City. The mind of the sword dust also guessed that the fifth-order Warcraft might not be auctioned. It will be so calm, so now he must familiarize himself with the surrounding environment. In the event of an unexpected incident, there is also a route that escapes smoothly and will not be forced into confusion.A whole afternoon, the sword dust will go over a nearby area, no streets have been let go, until the night comes, sword dust back to the previously prepared in the inn.After simply eating dinner, Jian Chen shut himself in the room and closed his eyes slightly on the cross-knee bed.However, sword dust did not cultivate at this time. Perhaps it was because of the reason that his strength increased too quickly during this time, or because he had been using the energy in the magic nucleus to cultivate himself, causing some conditions in his body. Since his strength reached the senior sage division, Jian Chen gradually discovered his own sacred power to the body. It was not as easy to control as it used to be. It can no longer be commanded as if it was the arm, although the problem is not so great at present. Seriously, he could hardly create much influence on his combat effectiveness. However, in the heart of the sword, he is very clear. If this situation is not resolved, it will certainly have a very big impact on him in the future.Therefore, during this period of time, there is no cultivation of sword dust. For fear that the growth of one's own strength will be too rapid, it will lead to even more serious defects. Even if he can not even control the situation, the trouble will be greater.So, right now, he must destroy it completely in the cradle before such malpractices really grow up.