Chapter 161Seeing that the sword dust is constantly approaching, the two flamboyant looks in the fifth-order Warcraft eyes lying on the ground are even more pronounced. If they were in their heyday, they would naturally not put the sword dust, the only person with the strength of the senior sages. In the eyes, the situation was different at the moment. In the previous fierce battles, they not only failed to make both sides lose. They could not even stand up to the action, and the energy in their bodies was almost exhausted, in their present state. Not to mention the sages, I am afraid that even the Holy Ones can kill them if they start with the wounds on them.The two World of Warcraft's body struggled a few times and seemed to want to stand up. However, after some hard work, it was still impossible to do this action that was simple for them.Seeing this scene, Jian Chen's heart on the curtain suddenly dropped slightly, but he still maintained a high degree of vigilance, and will not have the slightest effect.As the sword dust face vigilant walking toward the two Warcraft step by step, and soon, he came to a distance of only two 30 meters away from World of Warcraft, the face of two seriously injured five-order World of Warcraft, sword Dust is still on the verge of caution."Hey!" At this moment, the whole body is white and petite like a puppies. The World of Warcraft makes a deep growl. The powerful energy quickly gathers in the mouth and forms a mass of energy. The energy light group is contained in the mouth, and a pair of small eyes stares at sword dust with the warning sign.The other body looks like a monster of Warcraft, a pair of eyes staring at the sword dust, and the pair of short wings that grow on his back also blew out intense energy fluctuations.The progress of the sword dust suddenly stopped, standing in the spot some dignified staring at two seriously injured fifth-order Warcraft. Jian Chen is not close, and the energy of the two fifth-order World of Warcraft has gathered and is still not issued.The sword dust slightly hesitated for a moment, although the two fifth-order Warcrafts in front were seriously injured, they brought a very strong pressure to the sword dust, faint, from these two serious wounded fifth-order Warcraft body, sword dust A breath of extreme danger was felt.When one person and two beasts were in a tense confrontation, suddenly, the body of the sword dust swayed slightly, and after leaving a ghost image in place, it was already at a very fast pace towards the whole body, and the petite Warcraft was rushed past. At this moment, the sword dust has already burst out of its own full strength and will speed up to the limit he can currently reach.The short distance of 30 meters in the sword dust did not seem to exist at all. Between the blink of an eye it crossed. When the sword dust approached the petite body of Warcraft, the action did not stop at the slightest, with the right The arm suddenly emerged, and the silver-white breeze sword had been turned into a flash of lightning, and with a fierce sword and swiftness it thrust toward its neck at an extremely fast speed."Oh!" That petite fifth-order Warcraft reaction is not much slower than the sword dust. Almost immediately after the sword dust arrived at it, the group of light contained in the mouth of it was completely absorbed by the light. Out, shot at the speed of the sword dust quickly.At this time, Jian Bing's breeze sword suddenly retracted, then stature retreat, while efforts to twist toward the side, trying to escape the oncoming energy light regiment.Unfortunately, the speed of the energy light group is very fast. Although the sword dust has been completely avoided, it is still not completely evasive. The energy light group that originally hits his chest is due to a slight deviation of his body. The skeleton's bombardment was on the left shoulder of the sword dust."Boom!"Although this energy light group is only the size of a child's fist, the energy contained in it is powerful and terrifying. When the energy light group bombards the left shoulder of Jian Chen, the entire body of Jian Chen was hit and flew.The sword dust flew more than a dozen meters before he fell to the ground. He stopped for several meters along the way and stopped. At the moment, his face has turned pale and the pain from his left shoulder has been sore. His handsome face has been completely distorted, and the muscles on his face are constantly twitching.The entire upper garment of the sword dust was smashed by the intense energy of Persia at the first moment. At the moment, his upper body was almost naked. On the shoulder position, it had become a bloody, dark bone. Out of the red blood is constantly flowing out from the wound.Jian Chen resisted the pain from the left shoulder, endured the waves of nerve pains and sentiments, forcibly stood up from the ground, a pair of eyes full of pungent color staring at the front of the body-sized petite Warcraft.And after the petite World War II sent out this blow, his expression became withered. Even the eyes of God were dimmed. It seems that the previous blow has exhausted all of it. Energy, its current state, is more debilitated than before.Although the left shoulder was greatly traumatized, but the action of the sword dust can not make much impact, then the body slightly shaking the sword dust, quickly came to the petite body behind the body of Warcraft, the hands of the breeze sword with strong The sturdiness of the sword."Oh!"When the Breeze Sword just pierced, a white afterglow quickly flashed, swiftly tapping on the light wind sword, suddenly slapping the light breeze towards the side, and the sword also stabbed a Empty, then, Jian Chen saw the white phantom in front of the fleeting fleeting, not waiting for him to see what is in the end, his chest was once again hit hard."蹬蹬蹬...."The strong impact caused the sword dust to step backward a few steps, feeling a burning hot pain in his chest. The sword dust looked down and saw his chest had become a red, faint. There is blood emerging from the pores.Forcibly swallowing his blood in his throat, his eyes staring at the fifth-order World of Warcraft that lay on the ground, and he saw the long tail behind this World of Warcraft swinging powerlessly, just now. The dust was attacked by the tail of this petite monster."Oh, I didn't believe I couldn't deal with a fifth-order Warcraft that was badly wounded. Today, I'm going to take away your magic nucleus." The sword dust and silver teeth bite, and then the sharp sword air on the light wind sword rises. Long sword waving, a few fierce Jianqi out of the shackles of the sword, toward the fifth-order Warcraft shot.In the face of Jian Qi from the blast, this petite fifth-order World of Warcraft is no longer able to escape, only to survive.Counting the savage wounds that Sword had accurately shot on him, it shook his entire body violently. The sword dust movement did not hesitate at all, and his physique flicked again before coming to it. The light wind sword stalked it with its fierce sword."Oh!"This time, this petite monster seems to have completely exhausted, exhausted even the tail can not be waved again.The Breeze Sword pierced its throat and penetrated deep into its throat. The sword pierced through its non-sturdy neck and nailed it to the ground.