Chapter 167 Auction HouseNext, the sword dust all the way to inquire, came to a shop that sells the magic nuclei exclusively, the shop that sells the magic nuclei is not small, it is a three-story building that is made up entirely of blue stone, one piece writes "The evil spirits of the sky" The plaque of the nuclear monopoly bank was hung high above the gate.Although there are many mercenaries selling stalls on the Tianyuan mainland, they are almost all low-end magic nucleuses, but the high-end magic nucleus is almost rare in the street, if you want to buy high If you want to use a magic core, you must go to some stores. The bigger the store, the higher the level of magic genius you sell.Moreover, the number of magic nucleuses that regular shops can supply is also very large. Unlike some mercenaries who take three or five first- and second-order magic nucleus to sell, some powerful families want to buy a large number of magic nucleus. Magic nuclear store direct bulk purchase.A shop entering the magic nuclear store, sword dust found a huge shop, surprisingly not many people, and there is no magic nucleus out, only a dozen young female waitresses in the counter inside Work, it does not seem like a place to sell magic nuclei.With a few doubts, Jian Chen came to a counter and asked, "Is this where the magic nucleus is sold?"After listening to this statement, the female waitress sitting at the counter looked glumly, but when she saw the handsome, white-faced face of Jian Chen, she could not help but feel a strange glow in her eyes. The handsome and handsome face of Jian Chen stayed on for a while. Then he said, “You didn’t see the signboard on the door. We don’t know where the nuclear power is.” What will be the place."The sword dust grinned and his eyes swept away in the empty lobby. "Why, why don't you even have a magic nucleus put out here?"Perhaps because the appearance of sword dust has an irresistible attraction for most young girls, the female waitress smiles, stares at the sword dust with his eyes, and patience explains: “Our days Only some high-level magic cores will be displayed in the Magic Core stores, while the high-end magic cores are on the second and third floors. As for the first layer, only the first-order magic nuclei are sold, and the first-order magic nuclei are It's very common, so you don't need to show it at all."Hearing it, Jian Chen suddenly realized that this was the first time he had entered a shop selling magic nuclei. He did not know about this knowledge before.This is, the female waitress continued to ask: "Is this you want to buy a magic nucleus? If you want to buy a first-order magic nucleus, just tell me the quantity. If you want to buy a second-order magic nucleus, you have to go. On the second floor."After listening to this, the sword dust slightly hesitated, then immediately asked: "I don't buy magic nucleus, may I ask you to buy magic nucleus here?"The female waitress stared at the sword dust in a weird way and asked with surprise: "What? You came to sell magic nuclei?""Good!" Jian Chen nodded slightly.The female waitress looked a little weird and looked at the sword dust. It seemed that one could not think of such a handsome young man who did not come to buy the magic nucleus but to sell the magic nucleus. This year she worked here, this is the first time I met, because the people who come here to sell the magic nuclei, almost all of them grow up five big, three, rough, burly man.However, the female waitress did not have the slightest look down on the look of sword dust, still a sweet smile: "We are also here to buy magic nucleus, please give me the magic nucleus you want to sell it!"Immediately afterwards, Jian Chen handed the two space belts to the female waiter. The two space belts contained first- and second-order magic nucleus.The female waitress began to look up after taking up the space belt, but when she found out the number of magic nuclei in the space belt, her face could not help showing a shocking look, because one or two of the two space belts. The total number of magic cores added up to a total of nearly two thousand, so many magic nuclei, she was the first time to see.Taking a deep breath, the female waitress looked at the handsome face of Jian Chen with some complex eyes and said, "Please wait a while. I must come to our treasurer."Subsequently, the female waitress re-submitted the space belt to Jian Chen, then turned to the second floor, and soon after, saw a middle-aged man wearing a blue gown and followed the female waiter from the second floor. Walked down.“The white dispensers are for this gentleman to sell the magic nuggets.” Before coming to Jian Chen, the female waiter opened his mouth to the middle-aged man in Jin Pao.The middle-aged man, who was turned into a white dispenser, nodded slightly and gazed at the sword dust softly. He smiled and said: "Little brother, can you show me the magic nucleus you want to sell?"Jian Chen did not hesitate to hand the two space belts in his hands to the white treasurer wearing a white robe. The white dispensers reached out and took two space belts and began to look up, but when he found two space belts in the devil When the number of nuclear, the eyes could not help but exposed a hint of surprise.“One-off sale of so many magic nuclei is rare in this city of Fengyang.” The middle-aged man sighed in a low voice and immediately looked at the sword dust with a deep look. He smiled and said: “Little brother, I In this way, you will not mind."Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "Treasurer, you still talk about how much money these magic nuclei can sell.""Well, please allow me to count it." The middle-aged man smiled, and immediately no longer nonsense, after the sword dust invited to a special room for reception of guests, they began to count the magic core.When the number of magic nuclei was counted, middle-aged men paid a total of more than 5,000 pieces of amethyst coins. Jian Chen took more than 5,000 amethyst coins out of the Skywalker nuclear store.The sword dust riding horses came to the crowd gathered in the market to buy a lot, to some of the wild must survive supplies and clothing, etc. added a little more for future needs.At this time, among the noisy crowd, several comments raised the attention of Jian Chen."It is said that the annual auction will be held in ten days. This time, there are many cherished items auctioned...""Well, this auction can be sure to go. Maybe you can find any treasures..."“Fengyang City's Tianfeng Auction House is very famous in the nearby generations. Every time there is an annual auction, there will be many people who have come from other cities to participate. It is very lively.....”    …….."Auction House!" Listening to the voices of several people, Jian Chen looked a little, and he suddenly had an idea. Immediately afterwards, the sword dust did not mind to continue to stroll here, riding all the way into the horse to find out, and soon came to the city center of Fengyang City, and finally listened to a huge two-story building.The building in front of us is very large. Although it has only two floors, its height has already reached more than ten meters, and it is even higher than some four-storey restaurants, and its floor space is very large. Compared with the mercenary trade unions, there was not much to give up. Above the gates of the two-storey building, there was a three-meter-high blue stone slab hanging high above it. "Five words.At the side entrance next to the auction house, there are many people who come in and out from there. The sword dust slightly hesitated, and then he rode away and then came to a room in a restaurant not far from the Tianfeng auction house. After binding the horse, he left.Jian Chen circling around for a few laps, eventually found a remote place, and immediately took out some related materials to start dissolving.Moh’s about a tea time, when the sword dust once again stood up, his Mo Yang has completely changed. At the moment, he looks like a middle-aged man with a darker skin. He looks very ordinary and belongs to There is a large number of types in the crowd, the only one that is unique is that there is a scar on his left face.After disguising himself, Jian Chen changed a set of clothes and walked to the Tianfeng Auction House. He walked in from the side entrance, and there was a lot of people coming in and out of this side door, one after another. Now it is once a year. The auction will start soon, and many people will begin to take some of the more valuable and diluted items in their hands to register for the auction."Sir, what items do you need to register?"Just before coming to the counter where the auction items were registered, a woman asked sweetly."Can you call your manager here? I have something to discuss with him." A strong voice from the mouth of Jian Chen spit out, this sound after his deliberate change."Okay, please wait!" The woman looked at the sword dust, hesitated, and then left his post and disappeared into the door behind him.Soon, an old man in a luxurious robe with his long hair and white hair followed the woman and walked out. The woman reverently led the old man to the sword dust and said, “Mr. Huang Lao, this is this person. "The gentleman is looking for you!" Then he introduced the sword dust: "Sir, this is our senior appraisalist at Tianfeng Auction House, Mr. Huang Lao."Jian Chen slightly arched his hand against the old man and was called a greeting.However, his action was directly ignored by the old man. The old man looked at the sword dust and immediately asked, "This one, I do not know what you have."Jian Chen's eyes glance at the people who are registering auctions of objects around him: "Mr. Huang Lao, I have a valuable item that needs to be auctioned by you. I wonder if the old gentleman can take a step to talk."After listening to the words of Jian Chen, the old man's eyes flashed, and then he did not hesitate to send the sword dust to a quiet little room.In a quiet little room, sword dust sits opposite the old man. This room is not large, but the soundproofing facilities are not good, and they are completely sealed. There is no need to worry about anyone looking at the scene from outside."This gentleman, because you should get out of the things you want to auction out to the old ruthless." The two just sat down, the old man could not help but said."Oh, Mr. Huang Lao, I want to auction the items in there, but I also ask you to keep it confidential." Jian Chen chuckled, throwing a space belt and throwing it on the table in front of him.“You can rest assured that our Tianfeng Auction House is still a little famed in the surrounding cities. It will never leak the slightest message from the employer.” The old man smiled lightly, and then he picked up the sword dust on the table space. The waistband began to look up.However, when the old man saw the contents of the space belt, his face suddenly solidified, shocked his face and could not believe the look, hiss trembling and said: "This .... This .... It turned out to be fifth-order Warcraft Body."