Chapter One hundred and sixtyThe sudden sound of the beastly beast suddenly made the dust of the sword dust look serious. It stared at the front and stared in front of him, and said: “The sound of a crowing is so powerful. It is at least a fourth-order peak. World of Warcraft.” Just when this idea was just turned in the head of the sword, suddenly, a powerful and terrible energy wave came from a few miles away. The energy of the ripples oscillated into a visible world. The distant place spread rapidly, and along the way, there was a raging storm. A towering old tree was pulled up and flew up into the sky by the ripples of energy.Standing a few kilometers away, Jian Chen's face became extremely serious, and he looked at some horror as he watched the swift energy coming from the front. After a short pause, he couldn't help but exclaimed: " Looking at the power situation, it is estimated that it is at least a fifth-order World of Warcraft."The spread of energy helium is very fast. When it is very open, it spreads in front of the sword dust several miles away. At this time, that powerful energy has weakened a lot, and it finally turns into a gust of wind whistling across the sword dust. The clothes that drew the sword dust rushed quickly, and the black long hair that was tied by a straw rope as a whip was also blown away.In front of the roar of World of Warcraft sounds continue to come, accompanied by a roaring roar, strong energy fluctuations continue to raging from the front, the whole mountain forests are a piece of earth moving.Jian Chen’s face was staring in front of him. When he heard two completely different World of Warcraft roars, he couldn’t help but see a trace of surprise. He whispered, “Looks like there are two 5th-order devils. The nucleus is fighting.” The sword dust hesitated for a moment, immediately began to aspire and rushed toward the front.Jian Chen all the way up against the turbulent wind that was completely degraded by energy, and soon crossed a distance of several miles, and then far away hiding the scene in front of the viewer.I saw only about five hundred meters away, the two heads are completely unequal in size in the fierce battle of Warcraft, with their repeated collisions, a burst of strong energy waves erupted in all directions to spread away, and in the At the place where they fought, the ground had become pitted, pits several meters deep appeared around, and the lush green trees were also uprooted by the strong energy that they had generated after the battle. Flying out, some of the more fragile weeds were crushed to powder the first time, and the entire venue was in turmoil.Jian Chen carefully hides in the five hundred meters, in order to avoid the front of the two World of Warcraft to find the intense fight, his whole body tightly stuck on the ground, and a pair of eyes staring in front of the two magic nuclei in the fight.Although the two heads of Warcraft's body are moving fast, but with the dust of the dust of the eyes still look at their Mo Yang kind of clear, two warring World of Warcraft, including one covered in dark, body size, such as cattle, the first two feet, but Behind it, there are a pair of short black wings.And the other is a whole body covered in snow, petite size like a yellow dog-like World of Warcraft, although the two World of Warcraft in the difference in body size is large, but the bucket is quite equal.    "Roar!"    "Roar!"The screams of anger continued to come from two of Warcraft's mouths, and as a channel of energy voicing light energy vomited from their mouths and then collided in mid-air, a loud deafening roar erupted. The aftermath of the energy raged in heaven and earth and left the heavens and the earth eclipsed for a while."This is the real strength of the fifth-order Warcraft!" Jian dust eyes staring at some of the front of the two World of Warcraft, his entire body tightly crouched on the ground, even moving are afraid to move about, for fear that cause The attention of the two World of Warcraft, and thus into trouble.Although the current strength of sword dust has reached the senior sages, and even the fourth-order peak of Warcraft is not afraid, but at the moment to see the two-fifth-order World of Warcraft show a strong power, he did not have much confidence from the fifth-order Warcraft Fled in the hunt.Although there is only a first-order difference between the fifth and fourth orders, the gap between them is a heaven and an underground, and the two cannot be compared at all.Two full-sized WOWs were not fighting for half a day. The fierce fighting sounds gradually stopped. At the moment, I saw two Warcraft monsters are bruised and lying on the ground, the belly was fierce. The ups and downs, the rush of breathing in the mouth.In front of the scene is a panoramic view of the sword dust, watching two World of Warcraft's miserable, Jian Chen heart of a move: "Look at this Mo Yang, that two World of Warcraft seems to have beaten both losses, and even stand up to the strength are gone Because it is very weak." Jian Chen suddenly gave birth to a bold idea, and just when the idea emerged from the heart, the blood of the sword dust as if all boiled at this moment, even the heart Uncontrolled vigorous beats.Jian Chen quietly squat in the spot, his eyes flashing, his hesitation between his looks. After he had hesitated for a meeting, he finally made up his mind and made a silver-toothed bite. Instead of disguising himself, he stood up directly from the ground, and he displayed aggression quickly rushed toward the two World of Warcraft.    "Roar!"Two World of Warcraft also found the sword dust that was rapidly rushing, and could not help but utter a deep growl in the mouth. The two eyes blinked fiercely and stared at the sword dust, but they did not take any action.Jian Chen suddenly rushed to the distance from the two World of Warcraft only when the distance of 100 meters suddenly stopped, at this moment his face has become extremely dignified, despite the face of two seriously injured five-order World of Warcraft, but the sword is still not afraid of dust There is the slightest relaxation.The sword dust slowly slows down, stepping alertly towards the two World of Warcrafts, step by step, and the silvery breeze sword is quietly appearing in the right hand, which is only the narrow and narrow sword with two fingers wide. The Jianman is in full swing.    "Roar!"The fifth-order Warcraft has initially possessed a certain amount of intelligence. The two World of Warcraft seem to know the intention of Jian Chen. At the same time, they even screamed a threatening and threatening growl at the same time. Do not get close to dust.However, the Jian Chen turned a deaf ear to their growl, and they were still cautiously approaching the two World of Warcraft step by step. At this moment, sword dust is very much want to immediately rush forward to the two fifth-order World of Warcraft in the sword, but for their own sake, the sword dust had to be so cautious, after all, this time but the fifth-order World of Warcraft Instead of fourth-order Warcraft.