Chapter 171 Fifth-order Warcraft brings a stir (2)Although there is only a first-order difference between the fourth-order and fifth-order, the gap between them is a qualitative change. The fourth-order Warcraft is not what Tianyuan Continent is, but the fifth-order Warcraft is very precious in Tianyuan. This is not only because the strength of the fifth-order World of Warcraft is much stronger than that of the fourth-order Warcraft. More factors are because the fifth-order Warcraft is very difficult to kill or capture.The fifth-order Warcraft has already possessed a certain amount of wisdom, and due to its superiority in heaven, the power of the fifth-order Warcraft is generally stronger than that of its strongest man. Therefore, in the one-on-one case, it is very difficult for the strong man. Fifth-order Warcraft killing, and in the fifth-order World of Warcraft's circle, has established a hidden rule, if they are the same type of disability, the rest of the fifth-order World of Warcraft will not go to intervene, but once met with human invaders, Then they will respond to each other, and at the same time join hands to fight against the human strong, thus creating the fifth-order Warcraft rare.Listening to the drumming sound on the street outside, Jian Chen also feels very surprised. Although he clearly knows that Tianfeng's auction house will certainly boast about the news of the fifth-order World of Warcraft, he never expected to adopt such a method.The buzzing of gongs and drums on the outside streets and the buzz of crackling firecrackers continued, and Tianfeng’s auction house will hold public auctions at a large-scale auction which will be held several days later, and it will also fly at Fengyang City. The dissemination, less than half a day, almost the entire Fengyang City knows that the Tianfeng auction house is about to auction the fifth-order Warcraft news.The fifth-order Warcraft appeared in a second-tier city like Fengyang City, but it was an extremely amazing and rare thing. Tianfeng Auctions acted as an unprecedented grand event for this auction, and it couldn't be spared in propaganda. Not only does the entire Fengyang City know the news of the fifth-order Warcraft, but also several cities around Fengyang City are known to everyone.For a time, the Fengyang City Tianfeng auction house will hold a fifth-order World of Warcraft auction a few days later, which has spread thousands of miles away. Soon afterwards, the major forces and people interested in the fifth-order Warcraft also set off from various places and rushed to Fengyang City.In the center of the city of Fengyang City, a huge mansion stands quietly. At the gate of the mansion, ten soldiers wearing helmets and helmets stand erect outside the closed gates. A stone-like place, and above the gate, a tall card with a dragon flamboyant is written with the words “city house”. The words are vigorous and powerful. Just these three words give people an intimidating force. feel.This mansion is the city lord of Fengyang City.At the moment, in an elegant garden in the Imperial Palace, a middle-aged man wearing a white robe practiced martial arts in the garden with a large knife. His amazonism was extremely fast and he quickly moved back and forth in the garden. The big knife, which has been waved by him as a piece of knife, is not able to capture the exact position of the knife. It is a powerful and vigorous Holy Power that will distort the space in front of him. .At this moment, an old gentleman who was a butler of his hands walked over from the outside and looked at the middle-aged man who was practicing martial arts in the garden. He said: “The City Lord adults have just got news that Tianfeng auction will be held once a year at this year’s festival. The big auction will auction two fifth-order World of Warcraft.""What! Fifth-order World of Warcraft!" Wen Sheng, the middle-aged man's movement in the garden suddenly stopped and turned his head to look at the old man dressed as a butler. "The steward, what did you just say."The housekeeper again repeated what had been said before. After listening to this, the middle-aged man's surprised look on his face was getting thicker and darker, with a somewhat unbelievable look, with a bit of a touch. The tone of unbelief said: "As a steward, Tianfeng Auction will auction two fifth-order World of Warcraft. Is this true?"“The Lord of the Landlords, the news came out from the Tianfeng auction house, and the old man also went to the Tianfeng auction house and confirmed it a lot. This is true,” said the butler."In the past few decades, the fifth-order Warcraft has only appeared two or three times in our Fengyang City. This time, we even used the fifth-order World of Warcraft to get an auction. It may be the first time in decades that we have met." The middle-aged man wrinkled. The brow slightly thought, and then continued to ask: "As a steward, you know the two fifth-order World of Warcraft in the hands of those who do, even such a valuable thing to get our Fengyang City to auction. This thing, but a bit strange what.""I don't know how old!"For the old man’s answer, the middle-aged man apparently expected that his face did not show any dissatisfaction, and after a slight indulging in the meeting, he began to say: “Become a steward, you go to the boss of Tianfeng Auction House A guest at home.""Yes. Lord of the City."    ……..In a house in Fengyang City, an old man sat in a study full of books and read the books in his hand. At that moment, a knock knock came in from the outside.The news, the old man's brow slightly wrinkled, dissatisfied said: "Who, did not say when I read a book do not disturb me?""Oh, it's a baby. There's one important thing for a baby to think about."    "come in!"When the door opened, I saw a middle-aged man wearing a black bolster coming in from the outside: “Hey, just got the news, Tianfeng auction house this auction, there will be two fifth-order Warcraft.”"What! Fifth-order World of Warcraft!" Heard the word, the old man was slightly surprised, immediately put down the books in his hands and turned to look at the middle-aged man standing in front of the desk, Shen Sheng said: "Sword, at the moment really!"“At this time, the baby had personally visited the Tianfeng auction house and it was very true.” The middle-aged man bowed his head slightly, and his tone was full of affirmation."The fifth-order World of Warcraft, which is very rare in the second-tier cities, ah, this day the wind from the auction house to get the fifth-order World of Warcraft it." The old man whispered to himself, suddenly eyes flash of light, eyes look to that The middle-aged man once again asked, "You Jian, you know that the Tianfeng Auction House auction is a fifth-order Warcraft magic nucleus, or a fifth-order Warcraft cub, or just a fifth-order Warcraft corpse. .""This baby does not know, Tianfeng auction house is very strict about this type of news, and only a few high-level executives know that the babe can't even hear from them.""Check it out immediately!" The old man ordered immediately.    "Yes!"The news of the fifth-order Warcraft not only attracted many people to observe this in Fengyang City, but also attracted the attention of major forces.In the next few days, people from all over the world rushed to Fengyang City and the number of stayers in Fengyang City rose rapidly. Soon, all the inn and restaurants in the city were fully occupied, and they stayed with them. The rapid increase in the number of people, so that the inn's housing prices are soaring, and soon rose to ten times the normal price. At the same time, the law and order in Fengyang City was very strict these days, and almost everywhere a team of soldiers wearing helmets and helmets patrolled the street.In the past few days, Jian Chen also occasionally went out and observed the situation outside. During the rest of the time, all of them hid in the room and practiced refining the Holy Power in the body. Even though the inn’s room is now It has been increased by a factor of ten, but the amount of money does not matter for sword dust.