Chapter 176 of the Grey Man"I am a hundred thousand amethyst coins."A deep voice suddenly came through the auction venue. Although the sound was not great, it was spread throughout the auction venue.Listening to the quotation of the 100,000 amethyst coins, people in the entire auction room suddenly froze, not only to them, but even the faces of several people in the suites of the Orchid family also showed a faint look.One hundred thousand amethyst coins...Although the fifth-order Warcraft is precious, but it is not priceless, 70,000 amethyst coins, it has been considered a very high price, a hundred thousand amethyst coins, which has far exceeded the value of the fifth-order Warcraft.The entire auction venue became silent with the sound of this 100,000 amethyst coin. Even if a needle fell silently on the ground, it could clearly hear the voice, and there were only ten thousand people's heavy breathing. .And the sword dust sitting in an unconstrained corner was also shocked by this voice, but then the heart was filled with excitement. As a seller, he certainly hoped that his own things would be sold higher. Well, but this time the price directly from the high price of 70,000 amethyst coins, a one-time increase of 100,000 amethyst coins, does indeed make the sword dust feel very surprised, but, the most let the sword dust is unexpected, this voice is not From the VIP box, but not far from the side of his body.Jian Chen slightly turned his head and looked at the direction from which the voice was sent out. Eventually, he landed on a person wearing a gray robe. The man was an old man. He looked as though he was already 50 or 60 years old. The long black hair was hovering over his head to form a flower bud, and there was a slight wrinkle on his old face.After a moment of silence, the entire auction venue broke out with loud noises. All the people couldn't help but look to the birthplace of the sound, but only a few people could catch the quote just by getting a voice. The location of the person.The host who stood on the stand was also shocked by the high price. After he had spent the meeting, he regained his glance. Then the excitement of his face shook with a trembling tone: “Every Thousand Amethyst Coin, 100,000 Amethyst Coin, some people bid 100,000 Amethyst, and there is no higher price...."In the suites of the Orchid family, the faces of several family members of the Orchid family have become very intense. However, none of them speaks because even they are surprised by the high price."The first time a hundred thousand amethyst coins, there is no higher price.....""The hundred thousand amethyst coins for the second time...""The hundred thousand amethyst coins for the third time, deal....."With the croupier's hand knocking down, the second fifth-order Warcraft Velocity beast was finally bought for the high price of 100,000 amethyst coins."Well, now this year's auction will officially end. Thank you for your participation. Next year we will continue to meet today. Now, please take a picture of the guests to the background of our auction to collect items." Host Ge Rong With a bright smile on his face, he had already hosted a few decades of auctions at Tianfeng Auction House. This year, he was the most solemn auction he held in the past few decades because there was a value. The 100,000 Amethyst coins were auctioned out through his hands. This is definitely a kind of honor for those of them who are auctioneers.At the end of the auction, those who took the items also left their seats and went to the backstage of the auction to pay the appropriate money in exchange for the items they took.The sword dust after a slight hesitation meeting, also stood up and walked back to the background of the auction, he auctioned two fifth-order World of Warcraft money, but also to the background of the auction to collect.When the sword dust came to the backstage of the auction, many people gathered here, and this place was where people paid for money to get their own photographs.Hundreds of people consciously patted the team here, holding a small sign specially issued by an auction and waiting quietly."Mr. Cloudless, our Julian executive is waiting for your arrival in the parlor. Please come with me."At this moment, a slightly old voice rang beside the sword dust. I saw Mr. Huang Lao, an appraiser of the Tianfeng Auction House, standing in the side of Jian Chen whispered.Because the appearance of sword dust is still the appearance of the middle-aged man, he was recognized by Huang Lao at first sight."Ah! That trouble Mr. Huang Lao led the way." Jian Chen smiled, politely said.Mr. Huang Lao was not talking nonsense. He turned and walked toward the inside, and Jian Chen also followed the back of the old gentleman and walked toward it.However, just after the sword dust did not take a few steps, the pace of progress suddenly stopped. Then he turned slightly and looked at the small door that he had just come in from the auction room.I saw two people wearing gray robes walking side by side and slowly walking out of the small gate. Among the two people, an old man and a middle-aged man, and the old man, was relieved to bid 100,000 yuan. Crystal coins at a high price to shoot the fifth-order speed of the body of the animal."Two distinguished guests, please come with me!" Just when the two first appeared, a waiter immediately welcomed them.“Before leads,” said the old man in a mild tone. Immediately afterwards, the waitress faced the staircase leading to the second floor.“Slowly!” At this moment, a loud sipping came suddenly and the voice fell down. I saw a few middle-aged men running swiftly from outside the small gate and trapping the two gray robes in the middle.This scene has attracted all those who handled the handover of the goods. All the people now turn their heads and stare at the scene that took place there with interest and looks like a good show.However, the waiter was not changed his face. This scene he saw was not once or twice. The persuasion was: “Several gentlemen, here is the Tianfeng auction house....”"Go away!"However, when the waitress had not finished speaking, he was slammed open by a man. The powerful force on his arm pushed the waiter’s body directly to a distance of more than ten meters. "Touch!" sounded slammingly on the strong, his head in close contact with the hard wall, directly to the waitress on the spot unconscious, and on the wall, leaving traces of blood.Seeing this scene, Jian Chen’s face changed slightly, and a fierce killing gas flashed away from his eyes. For those people who were unreasonably unreasonable, he obviously could not stand it anymore. However, he did not rush on the spot without losing his senses. Because he is equally clear in his mind, he is now not in a very optimistic situation. Presumably there must be many people are asking about the news of the fifth-order nuclear magic.Looking at the waiter's fate, the two gray gowns frowned slightly, but they did not wait for them to speak. The fierce eyes of the middle-aged man who had introduced the waiter took the old man's eyes and said, "The offer price is ten. It is not you who photographed the fifth-order Warcraft corpse.