Chapter 177 Earth MasterAfter listening to the middle-aged man, he was surprised by the hearts of everyone around him. Then he gazed at the old man in the gray robe with astonishment. He really did not expect that those who spent five hundred thousand amethyst coins to shoot the fifth-order World of Warcraft corpse at a high price were actually surprised. It will be this old-looking old man.There was a sneer on the old man's face and said: "Yes, that's what I photographed." The tone of the old man is very flat.Hearing the words, the middle-aged man in the middle of his eyes expressed a hint of happiness. Then he looked up and down the eyes and looked down at the old man dressed as an ordinary man. He sneered, "Well, dared to confront us with the Orchid family. The activity is impatient. If you know something, you should hand over the fifth-order World of Warcraft. If you don't, you will have a good time.""Originally the family of the Orchid family, this family of orchids is really arrogant, even dared to do such things in the auction house in front of so many people." Looked at several people in the Orchid family arrogant look, stand The sword brow in the distance is also slightly wrinkled.The old man in his gray robe and the middle-aged man walking beside him looked at each other, and a sneer gleam appeared on his face. Then, the old man's bland God gradually became fierce and looked up. The middle-aged man who spoke was sneering: "The orchid family counts something and rolls me away.""Look for death! It does not seem to give you a taste of something. You will not be obedient to old things."Several people in the Orchid family suddenly burst into fury. Immediately afterwards, the middle-aged man reached out with a flash of lightning and grabbed it at the old man's neck.However, just when the middle-aged man's hand was half-stretched, he suddenly felt a flower in his eyes, followed by a tight neck, and saw an old, slightly dry palm. I do not know when it was tightly squeezed. His neck, the suffocation from the throat, made it impossible for middle-aged men to breathe.The middle-aged man's eyes widened, and his face staring at the dry hands holding his neck in disbelief, his heart was full of horror, because he did not notice the old man's palm at all, and when he was close to himself.The old man grabbed the middle-aged man's neck with one hand and a faint smirk appeared on his face. He said without hesitation: "Young people, don't be too impulsive when doing things. If you lose your life, you can blame others."After the words came to an end, the old man waved his hand and saw the heavy body of a middle-aged man in the hands of the old man as if it were a chicken. He was thrown away by the old man and he finally went with the touch. The sound of a bang banged on a hard wall and the entire thick wall trembled violently.Suddenly, the rest of the families of the Orchid family also squatted and looked at middle-aged men lying on the ground who were difficult to get up. Several people were furious. They immediately took out their sacred troops. The fluctuating power of the Holy Power is cut off toward the old man."Hey, you can't help yourself!" The name of the middle-aged man in the grey-gown standing beside the old man flashed in the eyes of the Hanmang, and his palm suddenly radiated a fiery red glow. Just before this fiery red glow appeared, the surrounding air The temperature is also rising rapidly.The middle-aged man flexed his fingers and the red glow of his hands suddenly torn apart. Then, like a meteor, like a meteor, the star of the fire sparked like a meteor across the sky, shooting at a lightning speed toward the several sects he had cut."Hey..."When the point sparking stars collided with the sacred soldiers, they heard only a few crisp sounds. The sacred soldiers of the Orchid family who hacked to the old man actually fell into two parts.“Oh!” Several people spewed out blood at the same time. The whole person seemed to suffer a heavy blow, and his footsteps ran backwards. His face had become pale in the blink of an eye. There was no trace of blood, and a few more stood still. Suddenly he fell to the ground and could not climb again.Looking at the broken sacred soldiers of several people, there was a hint of gloating in the eyes of everyone watching the lively people. The hearts of all people in the field knew that several people of the Orchid family who had previously been arrogant and incomparable in the end of their lives were even They are lucky to not die, but also want to degenerate into a waste person living on the lowest level of the Tianyuan continent. However, more people are shocked by the strength demonstrated by middle-aged men in grey-gowns.Between the fingertips, the sacred soldiers in the hands of several people who are not weak are interrupted. The strength is so strong."Little Master, to deal with this kind of person, you can give it to the old one. You don't have to use your hands." The eyes flashed faintly at the end of a few people in the Orchid family, the old man in the grey-gown said to his middle-aged man. Some respectfully said.The middle-aged man waved his hand at random and took a step toward the waiter in his unconscious life. At the same time, he said indifferently: “I can’t quite understand these people. Just punish him for a little bit. When they survived, they looked at their good fortune. A small family of orchids even went so far as to be so rampant!” When speaking, the middle-aged man had come to the waiter’s body and looked down to see the next The waiter's injury."Fortunately, it was only a few skin injuries. The problem was not serious." After a brief exploration, the middle-aged man breathed a sigh of relief, and then stretched out his hand hidden in his sleeveless gown and saw only a green-green ring. Wear it on the middle-aged man's hand.The middle-aged man took out a pack of powder from the space ring and smeared it on the back of the waiter's head.Looking at the middle-aged man's actions, the grey-gown old man shook his head helplessly. His own little master treated the enemy in spite of his heart, but for some ordinary people he had a compassionate and kind heart. He did not know how many times he had seen it."The Orchid family will end up in such a fate. This is also the reason for it." Mr. Huang Lao, an appraiser behind the sword dust, made a sigh. Then he said to Jian Chen: "Mr. Wu Yun, please come with me."Jian Chen nodded slightly and looked deep into the eyes of the two men wearing gray robes and immediately left behind Mr. Huang Lao. In his heart, it is not so calm on the surface."I didn't expect these two people to be hidden experts, especially the middle-aged man. The strength is strong. If I'm right, that middle-aged man should at least be a Dadi. ."Jian Chen followed Mr. Huang Lao from the other channel to the second floor of the auction and was finally brought into an elegant living room by Mr. Huang Lao.Just entered the parlor, Jianqi immediately discovered the head of the Tianfeng auction house, Julianne. The text sat quietly on a sofa. It seems that he had been waiting here for a long time."Mr. Cloudless, disappeared for so long, you have finally appeared." Julian smiled a shallow smile on her face and said softly.Jian Chen smiled and did not speak. He went straight to the sofa opposite Julien. Mr. Huang Lao, who gave him a guide, did not follow. After the sword dust entered, he closed the door lightly.