Chapter 173 Fifth-Order World of Warcraft AuctionThis space is divided into two levels. The same full-filled seat on the top floor, the two-story seats add up to more than 10,000 yuan, and on the edge of the space, there are dozens of VIP rooms, outside the VIP rooms. It was isolated with a special kind of glass. From the inside, it was possible to clearly see the scene outside. From the outside, it was impossible to see the half-point inside the private room. .Right in front of it is a stand with a two-meter-high booth. The items on auction will also be displayed on the booth. However, at the moment, the booth is covered with a huge red cloth, and the inside situation cannot be seen at all.Jian Chen looked for an unremarkable remote location to sit down, and then quietly waited for the start of the auction, and around him, people constantly came to sit down.There was no more than an hour in the Moo’s auction room, and there had been no imaginings in the large auction room. In the last open space, there were still many people standing there crowded.When everyone was seated, in front of the unfolded position, two brightly lit fireworks were suddenly sprayed from the ground. Then, the huge red cloth covering the entire booth began to slowly rise. The red cloth rose, and the sights hidden behind it appeared little by little in the eyes of everyone.I saw an old man who was over sixty years old standing straight on the auction table. In front of him, there was a dark red wooden table.The old man looked around for a week, cleared his throat, and then raised his voice: “Via Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to participate in our annual auction event at Tianfeng Auction House. Older Ge Rong, this auction will be held in by the old man. I hope everyone. You can meet your favorite items at this auction event."The old man paused and then continued: “This year’s auction will be the strongest and most lively event since the establishment of our Tianfeng auction house, because this auction house will exhibit two pieces at this auction event. Very valuable things are publicly auctioned. As for what it is, many people who are sure to do it already have a lot of people to know. Older people will not be talking nonsense.""Well, now I declare that the auction will officially begin....."“I didn't expect the host of this auction to have the strength of the sages.” Looking at the old man on the stand, Jian Chen secretly underestimated the old man's words are completely shouted out by the Holy Power. , so in this vast space, almost everyone can hear.With the order of the old man, more than a dozen naked Hans emerged from the back of the booth, scattered around the booth, glanced sharply at the crowd below, apparently in order to guard against some of those who did not correct themselves.Immediately afterwards, a young and beautiful woman dressed slowly and slowly from the back of the booth. A tray covered by red cloth was raised high above her head, and she came to the host in spite of her sly pace. Then he squatted slightly, carefully placing the tray in his hand on the table in front of the host.“Delicate guests, the first auction item will now be held. What exactly is the thing hidden by the red cloth in front of you? Let me show it for everyone.” Then, the host opened the red cloth and exposed it. A half-sized jade bottle came out."The first auction item is a paraquat magic pill. It is not unfamiliar to all of you who are here at Baicao Shenneng Pill. In terms of healing, it's a rare medicine. With a hundred herbs, it's equal to life. A more layer of protection.""There are five Baicaoxian pills in this bottle. The reserve price is ten amethyst coins. Each price increase must be no less than one amethyst coin. Now the auction begins!""Eleven amethyst coins!""Twelve Amethyst Coins!""Thirteen Amethyst Dollars!""15 Amethyst coins!"The host's voice just dropped, and the following people began to fiercely fight for it. The Baicao Shenxiao pill has very good results in wound healing. Whether it is a trauma or internal injury, once you take the Baicao Shenxiao pill, the injury can be very quick. Stable, and quickly healed, although the effect is far less magical than the sacred power, but it is still welcomed by many people. Because the Bright Teacher is not only very scarce on the Tianyuan continent, but his status is also very lofty. Only some big and powerful families have the ability to hire bright wizards to serve them for a long time. This casts healing drugs on the Tianyuan continent. The very popular situation, the more advanced therapies, the price is also high.The sword dust sat quietly watching the people who were fighting for the Baicao effect pill and a faint smile appeared on his face. Although the Baicao Pill had a strong effect on healing, it was for him who could control the light of the Holy Spirit. It is totally useless.The Baicao Pills were finally bought by 28 people at the high price of amethyst coins.Next, one item was taken up for auction. There were some bizarre things and rare treasures. However, none of these items was interesting to the sword dust.Soon it was already noon. At this time, the attendant of the auction house also sent a lunch to everyone who took part in the auction, but the auction did not stop there, but continued to be held. .With the bizarre items and rare treasures being auctioned out one by one, this auction will soon be held until the last moment.“Via Ladies and Gentlemen, the next two auction items will be the last two items in our auction. It is also the most interesting thing for everyone.” The tone of the host's voice suddenly pauses and the eyes glance at the week. Found that all people have come to the spirit, one by one attentively gazed at the booth.The host smiled a little and said: "I want to come to this last few items, everyone's heart is also looking forward to it for a long time, since it is so old, it is no longer nonsense, come, lift things up."As the host's voice just dropped, I saw several burly guys carrying a stretcher from behind and out, and as they appeared, almost everyone on the field looked into the stretcher.The stretcher was covered with a large layer of black cloth, and it was impossible to see what it was inside. However, from that high and raised part, everyone in the field still guessed what was inside.The stretcher was slowly lifted by several Hans to the middle of the booth. After several Hans retired, the host slowly walked up to the stretcher and bent down to reach out and uncover the large black cloth.