The 170th Five-Order World of Warcraft caused a sensation (1)Throughout the night, Jian Chen sat cross-legged on the bed and kept refining the power of the Holy Spirit in his body to ensure that he could command as an arm.Before the hidden dangers in the body were not completely eliminated, the sword dust did not dare to continue practicing this time, for fear that such hidden dangers would continue to grow.The Holy Power in the body walks through the body's meridians under the control of sword dust. With the power of the Holy Spirit continuing to operate in the meridians on a fixed path, the sword dust can clearly feel that kind of self. The control of one's own strength is constantly increasing, and the degree of fit of the Holy Power and the body is slowly rising.At the same time, Jian Chen also found in his own body that with the continuous flow of blood in the body, some of the exotic factors contained in the blood also changed his body and the five internal organs at a very slow pace. Six miles.That is the antiviral factor that was absorbed from the blood of the Silver Wire Snake. Although the antiviral factor had merged with the blood of the sword dust one year ago, it was necessary to consider the anti-viral factors that were contained in the blood. Toxic factors change the body and the internal organs, which can take quite a long time and cannot be accomplished in the short term.Nowadays, there is only a small part of the body and the anti-virus factors contained in the internal organs of the sword dust. At present, his body of poisonous non-invasion is only at a small stage, when the blood and flesh of the whole body and all organs are When this antiviral factor is completely contained, the body of Ten Thousand Poison does not invade it.One night passed like this. The morning of the next morning, the rising sun rises. The strength of the Holy Spirit that has been running for a whole night in the dustpan slowly converges toward the place of Dantian and finally re-forms a sword. Although it is still somewhat vague, it is obviously clearer than when Jian Chen entered the sages.Leaving the room, sword dust arrived at the first floor of the inn and began to enjoy breakfast with some of Warcraft's flesh. Even with his current strength, he wouldn’t feel the slightest hunger even if he doesn’t eat for a day. However, three meals a day have gradually Become a sword dust habit, unless it is met with special things simply refused to eat, otherwise the sword dust will not miss any meal, tasting food, in fact, is also a pleasure.In the morning, due to the peak of the meal, the few tables in the restaurant were quickly filled, and a large number of mercenary-looking people sat in a row on a wooden table and discussed the recent occurrences loudly. Some of the things as well as some of their own stories have made the entire restaurant a mess.Jian Chen, sitting alone at a table, slowly enjoyed some of the dishes he ordered, enjoying the food while listening to the chatter of the mercenaries.“Hey, brothers, this morning, Tianfeng’s auction house came out with news. At a large-scale auction once a few days later, there will be a fifth-order Warcraft display for auction.” Talking is a man dressed in a blue robe. youth."What! Fifth-order World of Warcraft, hey, my God, it is not weaker than the earth's high-order World of Warcraft, ah, how can there be a fifth-order World of Warcraft auction Tianfeng it, man, you will not lie to me this "." The voice of the man had just fallen, and someone immediately said unbelievably.The young man in a cyan robe had a confident smile on his face and smiled and said: "If you are a few brothers, it's better for us to bet on it. If I say this thing is false, then I'll lose if I say This thing is true, that is, I win, how about.""Well, bets on the gambling, I do not believe that the fifth-order World of Warcraft will appear in the second-tier city of Fengyang City to auction." Immediately someone called the board.“I have lived for more than 30 years. Although I’ve heard a lot of news about the fifth-order Warcraft, I’ve never seen the fifth-order Warcraft look like it. Well, I’ll bet on it. I bet two. Gold coins, if this Tianfeng auction house really has a fifth-order World of Warcraft auction, then even if I lose the two gold coins is not awkward." At the same table, another one opened the road.The conversation of this table was not a small one. It quickly caught the attention of some of the people who were eating next to it. Immediately someone stood up and came to the table and bowed in front of them: “Several Xiongtai, you just said Tianfeng auction house will have a fifth-order World of Warcraft auction, this matter can be true."Hearing the words, the young people smiled and said, "If Xiongtai does not believe that this matter is true, then it is better than everyone to gamble. Isn't this more interesting?"The man slightly hesitated, finally nodded and said: "Well, I'll bet five gold coins. If this day wind auction house really has a fifth-order Warcraft auction, then even if these five gold coins lose to you, it's no big deal. of.""Well, Lao Tzu also came to gamble. I spent 20 years in Fengyang City. I never met the fifth-order World of Warcraft auction. Even the fifth-order World of Warcraft was a sly look. I had never seen it before. ”"The fifth-order Warcraft is generally found in the city of the king level, and even a city is rare, this fifth-order Warcraft will be auctioned in Fengyang City, this second-tier city, this news is mostly false, forget , to see that everyone is so Yaxing, I simply came to gamble, this news is definitely false."“I’ve also come to participate in one, to say that the fifth-order Warcraft has appeared in auctions in a number of first-tier cities. This matter is still somewhat credible, but it appears in secondary cities, which is obviously impossible.”The conversations of these tables soon attracted the people who were dining in the entire restaurant. When the next one was aroused great interest by the fifth-order World of Warcraft, they participated in the gambling.Watching the movements of these people in the restaurant, sitting on the side of the sword while slowly enjoying the food shrieked and shook his head, and now, his heart is a series of self-questioning, he will take two five-order Warcraft to Fengyang City, this second-tier city In the end, it is not a wise decision.However, the heart of the sword dust is more clear, if you take the fifth-order World of Warcraft to a first-class city or a king city to auction, you can sell a good price, but the pressure you face is probably even greater, because of those powerful players, Almost all gathered in the prosperous and fertile land, once someone finds trouble in that kind of place, he will be very difficult to deal with, and in this Fengyang city this second-class city is completely different, in such a place as Fengyang city The earth teacher is very rare. Even if there is a strong man of the Great Master class who finds him in trouble, he can cope with the past, and he will not be forced by the other person to fight without any resistance.It is because of this that the sword dust decided to take the fifth-order World of Warcraft to Fengyang City for auction.When the people in the restaurant heated up to discuss the news of the fifth-order World of Warcraft, there was a sudden burst of noise from the outside."Oh, oh! Great news, major news, Tianfeng auction house will exhibit two fifth-order World of Warcraft auctions at a large-scale auction once a year after the 9th..."This news not only made the people outside the street feel overwhelmed at once, but the original restaurant was so silent that all of them could not believe it.The fifth-order Warcraft actually has to be auctioned at Tianfeng auction house, and the number is actually more than one, but two.