Chapter 17 The New King ()After two hours of rest, the final finals finally began. The sword dust and the iron tower stepped on the platform at the same time. They stood there ten minutes quietly.In and around the ring, there were already more than a thousand students encircling the entire ring.The sword dust looked faintly at the pylons, and a smile appeared on his face, admiring: “Iron Tower, I did not expect you to be so powerful, actually entered the finals.”After listening to the words of sword dust and with praise, the tower face was slightly red, and even though he was showing a hint of embarrassed look, despite that, the excited look between his looks was clearly seen by the sword dust. With a sly smile, the tower shouted: "Changyang Xiangtian, you are very powerful."Jian Chen moved his hands and feet and smiled lightly. “The Iron Tower, this is the last fight. This time, the new King of the New Martial Arts Conference will be produced between us. This time, you will also use your full strength to defeat me. You are the new king, and the third-order magic nucleus you get at the time can be worth at least a few hundred purple gold coins, enough to cost your parents a lifetime.”After listening to these words, the towering look in the eyes of the Eiffel Tower nodded amiably: "Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​I will use all my strength. You must be careful."Jian Chen nodded slightly and smiled. "I can't beat it so easily.""Oh!"At this moment, the bell that signaled the start of the game suddenly sounded, and at the moment the bell rang, the tower took a step and quickly rushed toward the sword dust, but when it came to the front of the sword, the tower quickly stretched out. He took out his hands to explore the sword dust, intended to use his natural divine power to lift the body of sword dust, and then dropped the ring.Jian Chen smiled a little. He had long been familiar with this move of the tower. In the previous few matches, the tower had been used as a trick. Once he was caught by him, it would be difficult to break free.Jian Chen stepped back slightly, easily evading the hands of the tower, and then his right hand into a boxing, with a punch of 80 percent directly hit the chest of the tower.Jian Chen's punching speed is very fast, and the timing is very good, so that the tower is simply too late to dodge.    "bump!"With a drowsy sound, Jian Chen’s fists hit the chest of the tower firmly. But in the next moment, the dust of the sword’s face changed slightly, and he looked in the tower with a hint of surprise. He discovered that It seems that the fist of oneself is not on one person's body, but on a very hard wall. The body of the pagoda is very strong, and it is somewhat unreasonable to be strong.The powerful force on the fist of the sword dust caused the tower to retreat a few steps. However, it quickly stabilized. Then, with a roar, it rushed toward the sword dust and lifted his fist and hit it against the chest of the sword dust. Jianqi, which contained a punch to make 80% strength, actually did not bring him the slightest injury.Jian Chen’s face gradually reveals a look of excitement, watching the fists that the tower hits, he does not flinch, and punches him with ten layers of strength.The two punches slammed into each other in midair, and a drowsy sound erupted. Even the students under the ring heard clearly.When the fists of the two people touched each other, the pace of sword dust couldn't be made to retreat back quickly and it was only ten meters away before it stopped. At the moment, his right hand had shuddered a bit, obviously, with The tower hard hit hard, Jian Chen eat a big loss, even if his temper after the Holy Power, has far exceeded the body of his peers is also a bit too much.In contrast, the tower was only two steps back, and his face was as usual, but he did not seem to have suffered the slightest harm.The sword dust rubbed his already slightly swollen right hand. After these two encounters, he had understood that it was a very unwise choice to cling to the tower. The tower was not only extremely scary, but also the strength of the body was a bit weird. If it was hard, perhaps Even if the strength is stronger than the tower, it is not his opponent. The only one who can win is speed."The tower, your strength has exceeded my expectations, then I will have to fully shot." Jian Chen slowly stepped forward and said with a chuckle.The tower smiled and said: "Come on, Changyang Xiangtian, you are not hurting me." The tone of the tower is full of strong confidence.Jian Chen is not talking nonsense. When there is only a distance of five or six meters from the tower, his footsteps suddenly change. Feet move in mysterious ways on the ring, and the body swings at a fast speed. Akira suddenly sees it. Behind the tower, when the tower has not yet been reflected, double fists have been repeatedly hitting behind the tower."Hey!" "Hey!" "Hey!"....The dull noises are constantly being uploaded from the ring. The denseness is like a line. With strong impact, the body of the tower could not rush forward in a self-made way. Now the tower has no time to turn around."Drink!"The tower shouted with rants and tried to stabilize his body. Then he quickly turned and swung his fists to the sword dust behind him.Just when the fist of the tower was just hit, the body of Jian Chen gently jumped and jumped from a height of two meters to just escape the fist of the tower. Then, while standing in the air, the legs of the sword dust faced the tower in a ring. Every leg kicked off with a powerful force and strong impact."Oh!" "Oh!" "Oh!"Jian Chen once kicked out a dozen legs and fell to the ground. At this time, the face of the pagoda had been kicked by the sword dust and his purple face was full of Wu Qing.When it fell to the ground, the sword dust continued to move, and the body was spinning in place. At the same time, the legs were bent downwards. The right leg was attached to the ground and rotated 180 degrees to sweep the legs of the tower at a very fast speed. .    "bump!"The tower was placed directly on the platform, but it immediately climbed up and rushed toward the sword dust.The dust of the sword and the tower were once again fiercely fighting together. Because of the tower's innate divine power, and the strength of the body is also solid and intimidating. After two hard battles with the tower, the sword dust has already understood the fight with the tower. Hard to use measures, it is very unwise to have no condensate, so the next battle of sword dust is completely taking advantage of his agility and tower fight, although the tower's physical strength is very powerful, but many times the sword dust The attack was overlapped and struck in the same position on the body part of the tower. It also made the tower extremely uncomfortable and hurt his teeth.The next situation fell on one side, Jian Chen snuggled at his own pace and his previous experience of fighting. He escaping from the iron tower that had prevailed before and only fled with his head. Although the tower will take time to fight back, his attack will not be able to fight at all. To sword dust, even the dust of the sword dust can not touch.In such a scene, all the participants who watched the battle in the ring were astonished by surprise. Whether it was the form of sword dust or the speed at which he shot it, it was far beyond the average person. The thousands of students below saw relish. ,Eye-opener.On the rostrum, Bai En looked at Jian Chen with a look of admiration. He murmured, “This boy is not simple. The fighting experience is actually so rich and the speed is not slow. He seems to be called Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​from the name. From the above, he seems to be a member of Changyang House in Lorraine City. It seems that he will have to pay a courtesy note to the dean."The battle on the ring continued for a moment, and the tower could not stand it anymore. It opened loudly; "Stop, stop, don't fight, I won't fight, I'll give up!"Jian Chen stopped the pursuit of the iron tower and looked at the tower with a smile. "Why not play."The tower rubbed the red and swollen parts of the body that had been hit by the sword dust, looked at him with a pity, and said gloomily: “You’re moving too fast. I can’t see clearly. Without you, all of you are playing me."Jian Chen slightly smiled and said: "Don't you give up the first place?" Although the Jian Chen did not keep his hand on the tower, but the tower was thick and thick, the body is very strong, simply did not receive much damage.The tower nodded and said sternly, "I can't beat you. I don't want the first place. The second place is not bad. A second-order magic nucleus can also sell a lot of money."Afterwards, the two swords and dust fell under the ring. As for the third place, it was produced by the two players, Zhongdika Diliang and Tianqin Xiong. After the two of them went through a series of competitions, the last canopy bear won and won the third place. The number of places.After the top three places were announced, Jian Chen was called on the rostrum. Vice-President Bai En came to the front of the sword and saw his sword with praise. Then he looked away and looked at the rostrum. The more than 1,000 students under the program said: “My classmates, this year’s new contest has officially ended. Now I’m announcing that the new King of this year’s New Generation Competition will be the student of Changyang Xiangtian who has eight layers of Holy Power. obtain."Vice President Bai En's voice just fell and a loud applause came from beneath the ring. However, when he heard that the newcomer Wang was actually a force with only eight layers of Holy Power, many of them reached the level of the Holy Spirit. All feel a bit unconvinced, but it is only this, after all, the strength of the sword dust they have seen before, in that quickly let them all feel a dazzling speed in front of them, it is difficult to escape."This year's new students are so useless. Before so many people with nine layers of Holy Power, they were finally defeated by a young man with only eight layers of Holy Powers.""Yeah, those freshmen of today are really useless. Not only is the new king a person who is an eight-story sage, I heard that the dark-skinned kid who took second place is also an eight-story holy man. The people who have the power really do not know what the new students who reach the power of the nine layers are doing.”Two old students wearing uniforms in the college stood in the crowd talking about the tone of the enthusiasm for the new generation of power to reach the six-story scorn.After listening to both of them, an old man who stood not far from them said: "You can't say this. It's not the new weak people who reach the power of the nine layers, but the two only. The strength of the freshmen of the eight-story Holy Power is too strong. The name is second, the skin is dark and the kid is very scary. Do you not see that there are several new students who have nine layers of Holy Power? Is it still down to Taiwan? If it is us, I'm afraid we can't do this. As for the freshman who got the first place, his strength is even more terrible. Didn't you find him either dodging? Is the speed of the move very fast? I am afraid even if we go up, it will be difficult to dodge it."In addition to a few of them, there are still a lot of old students talking about each other. They have all been coming to the college for several years. They are very surprised at the outcome of this year’s new match contest. This time Among the newcomers, there are many people who reach the ninth floor with Holy Power. I did not expect that of the top three, actually there were only two new students who had only eight Holy Powers.Later, on the rostrum, Jian Chen also received a third-order magic nucleus reward. This third-order magic nucleus is dark red, which is larger than the first-order magic nucleus that his older brother Chang Yang Hu gave him. some.In his hand, the sword dust clearly feels that this magical nucleus hides this powerful energy. Although this powerful energy is insignificant compared with the infuriating life in his previous life, it is for today's sword dust. This energy is very large.In addition to this magic nucleus, the sword dust also received a medal. The medal was entirely cast from gold and features a strange pattern.There was no news of this medal in the rewards of the Jian Chen, so he did not know what the medal was for. But when he was puzzled, Bai En, who was standing next to him, explained to him: " This medal can only be obtained in the first place of each competition. As long as you hold this medal, you can receive a first-order magic nucleus in the college every month. In addition to these, you can freely enter the Academy. The first five floors of the library."