The 175th chapter"The five thousand amethyst coins, this family of orchids is worthy of the first family of Huoyun City, and the financial strength is really strong....""The Orchid family is really rich, and even if it is out of 50,000 amethyst coins to buy a fifth-order Warcraft body, it seems that it has exceeded the value of the fifth-order World of Warcraft."With the re-quotion of the Orchid family, the auction court suddenly sounded a buzzing controversy, while the sword dust sitting in it also showed a hint of unexpected look, although the fifth-order Warcraft is precious, but there is also a price ceiling The five thousand amethyst coins actually exceeded its price due to this value.In the balcony of Liuyun Jiange, several people in white robes sit in a dignified face. There are eight people in total, except for two handsome teenagers who look to be only in their twenties and have grown up. Like the jade girl, the remaining five are all middle-aged men.The young girl, who was about twenty years old and looked like a flower, said: “The brood of this fifth-order Warcraft family is really a must for the Orchid family. Now the price is getting higher and higher. Even if we have successfully auctioned this fifth-order World of Warcraft to Liuyun Jiangge, it will also have to pay a huge price for money." The voice of a girl is like a yellow-winged bird. It is very pleasant."It is said that the host of the old family of the Orchid family is preparing to strike the Tiankan of the Holy Master in the near future. Once the help of this fifth-order Warcraft corpse is achieved, although he can't make him 100% successful, the success rate has to be improved a lot. Fifth-order Warcraft is really important to them," said a middle-aged man.“Our master has spent more than ten years in the great sage Ao Feng. It is because I can't guarantee that I can successfully break through the earth. I just stayed in the original realm. If we take down this fifth-order World of Warcraft. Maybe my master can also make a smooth breakthrough to the land of the Holy Master. Once my master's successful breakthrough reaches the point of the earth teacher, then the strength of our cloud cloud jiange will be upgraded several grades.” When a young person of about twenty years old mentioned his master, the young man's face was a little proud.Because, his master is the owner of Liuyun Jiange.A middle-aged man in a white robe said: "It's a good thing. This fifth-order Warcraft corpse, we have to do our best to win it, although it is easier to find fifth-order Warcraft in some of the city's cities. The bodies of ours, but we are far away from any of the cities of this tier, and the roads are not so quiet. Even if we buy them, it is very difficult to transport them back from the cities of the royal class. Things can not be solved, and people will be taken away on the road. Therefore, only the fifth-order World of Warcraft is currently the most secure one.After that, the middle-aged man turned his eyes to a calm-looking man sitting beside him and said: "As a deputy governor, do you think we should not continue to increase the price."The calm-looking middle-aged man slightly hesitated, then slowly nodded and raised his voice: “I offer 55,000 amethyst coins from Liuyun.”As soon as the sound fell, the auction venue again heard a deep thunder.However, just as the screams did not last long, another roar of anger echoed from the opposite room."The Orchid Family offered 60,000 amethyst coins..."Listening to the sound of the sound of the Orchid family, in the box of Liuyun Jiange, several people's faces have once again become somewhat ugly.“Sixty-five thousand amethyst coins...” was silent for a moment, and the deputy governor of Liuyun Jiange once again quoted.Now, many big forces have already withdrawn from the battle for the fifth-order World of Warcraft, and it is only Liyun Jiange and the Orchid family that still refuses to give up.    "bump!"In the balcony of the Orchid family, suddenly heard a sound of broken chairs and tables, apparently, the Orchid Family was also forced out of the real fire.The entire auction venue, because of this sudden sound, suddenly became quiet, one by one raised his head and looked at the direction of the Orchid family box.“Liyun Yun Jiange, this fifth-order Warcraft is very important to our Orchid family. Can't we give it to our Orchid family? Afterwards, we have a strong thanks to the Orchid family.” An old voice from the Orchid family. It was revealed in the box that the anger contained in it could not be concealed.“Sorry, we also need the corpse of this fifth-order Warcraft. We will give up as long as you can pressure us on price.”The voice of the old voice had just fallen, and a voice full of gas was heard in the box of the cloud cloud jiange. From the sound, it was not hard to hear. The person who spoke was the deputy leader of the cloud cloud jiange.“Okay...flowing cloud jiange, we remember you all in the orchid family, seventy thousand amethyst coins.....” The Orchid family is almost a squeaky offer.This time, Liuyun Jiangge did not quote again. After waiting for a few breaths, the host on the stand finally spoke."The body of this fifth-order Warcraft Swift beast, the Orchid family offers 70,000 amethyst coins, there is no higher price ..."Although the entire auction venue has taken tens of thousands of people, it is already quiet at the moment. After waiting for a moment, the host saw no one quoting again. Here again he shouted: "The Orchid family of seventy thousand amethyst coins for the first time..."Flow cloud jiange private room.“The deputy cabinet owners, although the power of the Orchid Family in Huoyun City is strong, we are not as weak as Lieyun Jiange. Can we give up this fifth-order World of Warcraft? Fengyang City is a distance from us. There isn't a long way to go. It's also a lot safer to transport five-dimensional World of Warcraft back from here. This is a rare opportunity for us,” said a middle-aged man."Hey ...." Heard, the deputy head sighed and said; "We are not afraid of the Orchid family, but the value of the fifth-order World of Warcraft, has exceeded the bottom line we can bear, and we Liuyun Jiange There is no financial support from the Orchid family. With the current high prices, even if we successfully auction the fifth-order World of Warcraft to our hands, then the financial resources of Liyun Jiange will certainly fall into an empty space. This is very detrimental to us.""Is it so good to give up, how good a chance." A young man could not be reconciled."Now we have to give up, and even if we buy this fifth-order Warcraft corpse, can the lord use his successful breakthrough to the Holy Master is also very difficult to say, if the breakthrough fails, then for us to flow cloud jiange, But a huge loss ah, we can not afford this consequence." The deputy cabinet owner Shen Sheng said.Hearing the news, the others quietly nodded. It was difficult to break through from the Great Teacher to the Holy Master. Even if there is a fifth-order help from Warcraft, it cannot guarantee 100% success. Once it fails, it is not Falling into a waste person, it is the death of the fountain."The Orchid Family has 70,000 amethyst coins for the second time. There is no higher price.....""The Orchid Family Seventy Thousand Amethyst Coin....""And slow..."