Chapter 172 Auction beginsThe current city of Fengyang can be described as a mixture of dragons and fish, because the news of the fifth-order World of Warcraft has not only attracted the local forces of Fengyang City, even the foreign forces have come.At the same time, the vicinity of the Tianfeng Auction House also became awkward. Nearly every day, a variety of people dressed up stayed near the Tianfeng Auction House. A pair of eyes constantly kept in and out of the Tianfeng Auction House. The human body scans.Although Tianfeng's auction house was very conservative about the information of the fifth-order World of Warcraft, the paper could not hold fire after all. Under the almost pervasive investigation of major forces, it was finally on the day before the auction Huang was about to be held. Order more specific news of Warcraft and the arrival of these two fifth-order Warcraft to find out.Two of the fifth-order Warcraft corpses that lost the magic nucleus, a strength is unknown, the strength has definitely not reached the mystical alien characters of the earth sage class.This is what the major forces have found.Although the results were somewhat unsatisfactory, this did not diminish their interest in fifth-order Warcraft.In a restaurant in Fengyang City, several middle-aged men are gathering in a room that is not spacious."Check! Order everyone to give me check! Be sure to auction the two fifth-order World of Warcraft people to me to find out who is in the end, that two five-order magic core must be on him, and tomorrow's auction At the meeting, that person must have appeared, and he was closely watching anyone who entered or exited the auction house.” A middle-aged man wearing a white robe whispered.    .......In a luxurious manor house in Fengyang City, in the main hall of the conference, a middle-aged man with a dignified face sits in the first place. The condescending glance sweeps over the middle-aged men and several old men sitting down. Shen Sheng said: "The news of the fifth-order World of Warcraft has been clarified. Although it is just two bodies without magic nuclei, its value is still very large. It is said that eating the meat of the fifth-order World of Warcraft can not only greatly enhance physical fitness. A small increase in the power of the Holy Spirit, and the fifth-order World of Warcraft blood and organs in the body, can also help people have a greater chance of breaking through to the realm of the Holy Master. Therefore, tomorrow's auction, we must try our best to The body of the fifth-order World of Warcraft is photographed, and if it cannot be photographed, at least one of them must be robbed.""In addition, the magic nucleus of the two fifth-order World of Warcraft must be still on that person. The value of the fifth-order magic nucleus is even more valuable than the corpse of the fifth-order World of Warcraft. This is difficult in Fengyang for decades. Seen, so the two fifth-order magic nucleus, we Huangpu family must also be obtained tomorrow, you will be more probationary staff to arrange, we must find out who is the auction in the end of the fifth-order World of Warcraft.""Homeowner, although it is said from the news that the fifth-order World of Warcraft is not very strong, but he can get the body of two-and-a-half-order Warcraft, which in itself shows that he is not that simple, and I guess it will not be behind him. It will be strong and powerful strong support only." Sitting under the head of a gray-haired old man surmounted.“No!” The middle-aged man on the first place directly denied it. “The news we got was very clear. Both of these five-order World of Warcraft were dead on their own but they were finally smashed and they were taken out.” Looking at the wounds of the magic nuclei in their bodies, that person's strength is not strong, so everyone's fears are completely redundant."“The wise homeowner is an old man confused.” The old man arched his hand and sat down again."Well, now the time is tight. Next, we will discuss the layout of tomorrow."In the dark night, Fengyang City was very quiet. Only one team of patrolling soldiers kept on and off the streets. Now Fengyang City gathered different forces in various places to make the entire city a time. After becoming mixed, the persecutors of the Fengyang City had to send some soldiers to patrol all night to ensure the security of the entire city.In various places in Fengyang City, different levels of low-level discussions and orders were heard, but all of the voices were invariably related to the fifth-order World of Warcraft and the fifth-order World of Warcraft Warcraft mystery.The night passed quickly. When the dawn of the distant sky in the east, when the dawn of dawn had just risen, the Tianfeng auction house in the center of Fengyang City had opened its doors early and outside the gate. , It has already been lighted up. Many employees of the auction house are busy outside. And farther away, there are many people dressed in different clothes and stay there waiting for the opening of the auction.Today, it is the day of Tianfeng’s annual auction. At this time of the year, Tianfeng’s auction houses were the most lively days. Today’s feng zhou auction houses are even more difficult to see. World of Warcraft auction, so this year's auction will become more lively than before, making the day is not yet bright, many people are waiting outside the auction house.After the dawn, when the rising sun rises, the sun on the side of the sky emits a roaring light that rises slowly from the distant horizon. Outside the Fenghuang City Tianfeng auction house, more and more people have gathered. Blocked several streets nearby, making it difficult for some carriages or caravans to come and go.A large number of people waited here for about an hour. With a loud deafening sound of drums and a series of firecrackers, this year's large-scale auction finally began.However, at this auction, not everyone can participate in it. In the past, every auction was opened and no ticket was accepted. This year is no exception, but perhaps it is because of the reasons for the fifth-order World of Warcraft. This year's The fare is particularly expensive. The original five gold coins have risen to 50, which is a tenfold increase.Although many people in Tianfeng’s auction house were dissatisfied with this order, they were still unable to stand up to those people who were well-captured. Moreover, these actions were also able to eliminate some people who were merely looking for a show of fun and didn’t buy things. A sufficient number of positions have been given to those who have great interest in the fifth-order Warcraft.As the door to the inside of the auction house was officially opened, people who had waited long outside were holding their already bought tickets in succession.The sword dust also regained the touch of the middle-aged man who had entered the Tianfeng auction house last time, and disappeared into the crowd and slowly walked towards the auction house.Just entering the interior of the Tianfeng Auction House, the first thing that caught in the eye was a very spacious space. In this spacious space, neat rows of seats were occupied and the number of seats was thousands of. many.