Chapter 178 Trouble is comingLooking at the beautiful features of Julian that exudes mature charm, Jian Chen's heart is calm and water, light laughed: "Youlian Guan, fifth-order Warcraft has now been successfully auctioned out, may I ask if I can put money now? Give it to me."Julian smiled lightly and said: “Please wait for a while without cloud. Although the fifth-order World of Warcraft has been successfully auctioned off, it will take some time for the goods to be handed over.”Jian Chen nodded slightly and no longer continued to speak. He sat quietly waiting. His heart was clear. Now that this is just the end of the auction, those who took the item have not paid the money to collect the items they took. Only As soon as they take away the things, the auction will hand over the money to the seller.Looking at the sword dust that sat there completely as the air, Julian couldn't help but frown slightly. On the glamorous look that was full of mature charm, he finally showed a bit of dissatisfaction, slightly hesitated, softly: " Mr. Wu Yun, I do not know where you are from."Hearing the words, Jian Chen's heart moved and smiled and said: "We were born in a remote mountain village and we were silent. Even if we talk about it, the head of Julian didn't know it, so I didn't mention it."Afterwards, Julianne and Jian Chen chatted without a word in the quiet parlour, but almost every one of the words Yulian asked could not be separated from his identity.However, Jian Chen is not a fledgling kid. Even though Julian used her cleverness to inquire about the identity of the sword dust from various aspects, the effect she achieved ultimately made her very dissatisfied, because she only got out of the sword dust mouth. A lot of useless things, useful news, there is no one."It seems that this cloudlessness is not a simple figure. It is not easy to make some words out of his mouth." Julian had some headaches and fucked up his temples, his heart was secretly underestimated. With.Looking at the slightest irritability between Ulyan's looks, the heart of the sword dust sitting across from him was also a smirk."Yeah..." At this moment, a sudden knock on the door came.As the news came, Uriah sat upright and reached out and pressed a humble button on the sofa. Then, he saw the door of the conference room open silently. Outside, a waiter dressed in clothes. Young teenagers about twenty years old stand there."Yulian's supervisor, the yellow appraisers told me to give this space belt to you." The waiter stood outside the door, whispered to Ulinth."Take it."    "Yes!"Afterwards, the waiter entered the meeting room, handing over the space belt in his hands to Julian, and his eyes stayed on the face of Jian Chen's face and he retired.Julian looked at the objects in the space belt and immediately placed it on the table. He smiled and said: “Mr. Cloudless, all the 110,000 amethyst coins won by the auctioned fifth-order Warcraft are in there. You can see. Take a look."Wen Yan, Jian Chen took the space belt and looked at the items inside. He saw a neat stack of eleven piles of purple coins in the space belt. Each pile was just 10,000 pieces. Ten thousand amethyst coins, not much more.The money got, and the sword dust didn't mean to stay here anymore. He stood up from the sofa and arched his hand in front of Julian, saying, "If you have nothing else, then you will be there. Sayed first.” Then, Jian Chen walked toward the door."Mr. Cloudless, please wait a moment." Julian suddenly called out the sword dust.Jian Chen stopped and turned his head to stare at Julian. She asked indifferently, "Illian is in charge. Is there anything else?"Julian slightly hesitated and said: "No Mr. Wu, if you have a fifth-order magic nucleus, our Tianfeng auction house is willing to make a purchase at a price satisfactory to you, and you can also keep this secret for you. Think about it."Sword dust apologetic smile, said: "I'm really sorry, Yu Li'an in charge, I have no fifth-order magic nuclei." Then, Jian Chen, ranging from speaking to Uriah, opened the door and left.Looking at the sword dust that gradually disappeared into his eyes, Julian sighed with a slight sigh and said: "I'd like to remind you that since you've been so busy, I'm too lazy to tell you this time. It's not easy for those big forces. Can you survive this crisis safely? It depends on whether you have this strength or not."Walking out of the Tianfeng auction house, Jianchen stood outside the auction house's gate and observed the next four weeks. It was found that there were many suspicious people around the Tianfeng auction house.The sword dust did not stop and immediately walked toward the densely populated street at ordinary speed. However, just after the sword dust did not come out almost, his face was slightly changed. He felt a keen sense of the powerful god. Force and clearness felt that at least hundreds of eyes gathered around him.Jian Chen's heart sank slightly and he realized that it was not a good idea: "Did the forces have already found the bodies of the two fifth-order Warcrafts to be auctioned on their own? Or the Tianfeng Auction House had revealed its identity."Although he realized that the situation may be somewhat unpleasant, but Jian Chen did not show the slightest panicked look on his face, at ordinary speed, if nothing had happened to the crowded street.With the departure of Jian Chen, some people who were distributed around the auction also followed their original position and followed behind the sword dust.After observing the actions of the group of people behind him, there was a sneer of helplessness on the surface of the sword dust, and the long-lived blood in the body began to boil. Since the strength reached the senior sages, sword dust never confronted anyone. Now, he also wants to try his own strength to reach the senior sages, the great sages can go through a few strokes in their hands."Hello, please stay!"At this moment, several middle-aged men dressed in black suddenly grabbed the sword dust.The sword dust stopped and his eyes looked indifferently at the middle-aged man who blocked his way and said, "What's the matter with a few people?"A middle-aged man smiled and said, "We are the people of Fengming City's Hei Ming Family. Your Excellency, the Black Ming Family is not malicious to you. I just want to invite you to our Black Ming Family to be a guest.""Black Ming family!" Heard the words, Jian Chen's heart moved slightly, came to Fengyang City these days, he obviously heard about the black family, is the local forces of Fengyang City, the strength is not weak, but it is phoenix One of the three major families in Yangcheng."I would like to thank the Black Ming family for their invitation, but it is inconvenient to go and visit the guests." Jian Chen refuses to say.After listening to this, several people in the Black family did not change their faces. The person who spoke previously continued: “Mr. Wu Yun, now you know that you have a lot of power. You are in a very unoptimistic situation now. We have a black family. , is the only person who can save you, please think about it."