Chapter 179 SuspensionJian Chen faintly smiled, slightly handed down: "I would like to thank the Black Ming family for their good intentions. However, under the current circumstances, you will not be able to hold your heart. I will solve it myself.""Oh, no clouds, don't be stubborn. Now that Fengyang has gathered all kinds of power in your city, and your identity has no secret in their eyes. Now you can look at more than one person if you don't. If we cooperate, we will only suffer from you. If we can't make it up, we may even die of it.” The middle-aged man of the Black Ming family sneered.Jian Chen’s expression on his face did not change in the slightest, and her tone said lightly: “What do you want me to do with you?”After listening to these words, the middle-aged man in the middle of a black shirt saw a joy in his eyes. From this sentence, he had already thought that the sword dust was reassuring and he was willing to follow them back to the Black Ming family. Although he thought so in his heart, he was in black. The man's face remained unchanged, and Chen Sheng said: "Now immediately follow us to the Black Ming family, otherwise, one night, when their masters all come, even our black family can not save you. ”In the eyes of the sword dust, there was a trace of imperceptible banter. "Did I tell you back to the Black Ming family? Will you be able to save me with your Black Ming family? You just didn't talk about it. This time I focused on my forces." There are many ah, aren't you just black family, can you resist these powerful forces from all directions are power?"The middle-aged man smiled confidently and said, "Yes, I admit that each of those powers is very powerful. Even if it is compared with our family Black Ming, it is not much weaker. Some of them are even stronger than our Black Ming family, but you don't Forget it, we are Black Ming family, but Fengyang City's indigenous forces, and we have secretly joined forces with other forces in Fengyang City. As long as you are willing to follow us with the Black Ming Family, then it will be all right.""Oh, it turned out to be so." Jian Chen nodded slightly, a look of sudden realization."Come on with us. It's too late to be late. Our people can only block them for a while. Over time, when they rush over, the situation is terrible." The middle-aged man thought that Jian Chen had agreed to follow them. Back to the black Ming family, when the words are finished, we must walk toward the front.But just not taking a few steps, but suddenly stopped and looked back at the motionless sword dust standing there, the brow can not help but slightly wrinkled: "How do you still do not go."Puzzled face of doubt, said: "Where to go?"After listening to the words of Jian Chen, the hearts of the middle-aged man in the black clothes may not have been so smooth, but they still said: "Where else can we go, of course, is to go back to the Black Ming Family with us? Do you want to die? ”"However, I did not say I want to walk with you." Jian Chen's face was innocent.Hearing, the faces of several black Ming family members all changed, and the middle-aged man's face also suddenly became gloomy. Sharp eyes stared at Jian Chen in a chilly manner. : "No clouds, you are playing us."Jian Chen chuckled and said: "I didn't play you guys. Don't you hear me say you want to go with the black family?"The middle-aged man took a deep breath and then spit it out. His fierce eyes stared at the sword dust, and he sneered and sneered, "Okay, good, good, and no clouds. Since you don't eat toast, do you eat it? Don't blame us for being rude to you," said the middle-aged man, making a wink at the other black men. He shouted, "The time is tight, and all of them will be together and they will be taken back."The voice did not fall, and the middle-aged man rushed toward Jian Chen.In the eyes of Jian Chen, the Hanmang, which is pressing with brilliance, emerges from the right hand. The strong Holy Power quickly condenses into a silver-white long sword that is four feet long and two fingers wide. The strength of the several black men opposite the sword dust is already clear, except that the middle-aged man who speaks has the strength of the junior Grand Master, and the remaining few people have the strength of the senior sage. The lineup is not the most threatening to today's sword dust.Looking at the middle-aged man rushing to the front, the sword and dust in his hand suddenly exudes a layer of ripples on his breeze sword, but it is full of sharp qi, which is sharp and full of anger. However, the sword dust just wants a sword. When he was thrusting out, suddenly, a grand shock was heard from the back of the loudly trembling laughter on both sides of the street.“Oh, you guys in the Black Ming family can move really fast.” With the voice, a huge Jian Qi, completely formed of pure energy, rushed from behind and ran straight towards the middle age of the black clothes that rushed towards Jian Chen. People shot.Suddenly, the middle-aged man in that black suit suddenly became dignified and felt the strength of Jian Qi that he had shot at himself. He could not help but secretly sighed and knew that he wanted to return the sword dust. The opportunity has been lost. Immediately afterwards, the middle-aged man in the black shirt rushed to form a sudden stop, and the strong Holy Power emerged from his hands, forming a large sword with two hands, and with a sacred sacred force, he thought of getting in front of the swift shot. Swords go.As soon as Jian Chen saw it, his toes tapped on the ground, and his body quickly flew back a few meters far."Boom!"Just after the sword dust had receded, the loud noise of an energy collision rang from the street. The strong energy wave formed a fierce storm. It whistled in all directions and there were many shops along the street. It was affected and it became a mess.Pedestrians around the street are also carrying the Holy Power within the gas. Without hesitating, they immediately evacuated far away. On the Tianyuan continent, where fighting will take place at any time, people growing up here have long been accustomed to such a way of life. Therefore, from the faces of those pedestrians, there is no panic and fear.When the energy of the aftermath dissipated, the black middle-aged man in the black family still firmly stood on his feet, but his face had become dignified.At the same time, in the front and back of Jian Chen, there is also a large group of people who are stupid, and even on the buildings on both sides of the street, you can see the leap of buildings of many people pedaling towards the direction of sword dust. Catch it over.Within a few breaths of time, the entire street has been blocked by hundreds of people. Even the roofs of houses on both sides are full of people dressed and dressed up."Indifferent personnel left immediately."As this voice sounded, those who had been trapped in the inside did not dare to breathe, and quickly left the path along the way.Looking at the hundreds of people around the entire street, the look of Jian Chen’s face finally became a little dignified. From these people, he sensed a lot of people who were not weak, and these people , without exception, has the strength of the Great Teacher.