Chapter 174 Intense CompetitionAt this moment, the eyes of tens of thousands of people on the entire auction site were gathered together on the stretcher covered by black cloth. Fifth-order Warcraft, although only a body, but it still attracts so many people, many of them understand in their hearts, I am afraid that their own life, and only this time to see the fifth-order World of Warcraft.After all, the fifth-order World of Warcraft could not be seen in the prosperous cities of the Holy Land, even among some large factions and sects. The fifth-order World of Warcraft is different from human beings. They generally stay in their own fields and seldom go out. Even if they run out, I am afraid those who have seen it will also be difficult to survive. Therefore, this The fact that the fifth-order Warcraft is fundamentally not what the weak can see.When the host opened the black cloth covering the stretcher with one hand, what was hidden in the black cloth finally appeared in their eyes in the eyes of thousands of people who expected and urgently looked forward.I saw that it was a dark, massive body of Warcraft like a cow. Some people with extreme eyesight or being close enough could even see clearly on the back of that World of Warcraft, with a pair of short black wings.This World of Warcraft is so quietly lying still on the stretcher, its body is about four or five meters long and looks like a hill."Is this the fifth-order World of Warcraft?""The fifth-order Warcraft turned out to be like this, and it seems to be a little inferior to some first and second-order feelings....."“Five-order Warcraft is finally seen today. It’s a worthwhile trip. Ah, these fifty gold coins are not worth spending...”"Sure enough, it was the body of the fifth-order Warcraft. It looks like that because of the Tianyi Shenniu...."With the appearance of the fifth-order World of Warcraft, the original silent auction venue was instantly filled with a large "click" sound. All eyes were on the fifth-order body of Warcraft on the stand. The argument was loud and the sound of exclamation. Many people have lived for decades, but today it is the first time that they see the fifth-order World of Warcraft. Although it is just a body, it also makes them happy."Keke!"Suddenly, a coughing sound spread throughout the auction venue. With the coughing sound, the noisy auction venue gradually became quiet.Standing on the stand, the hostess smiled and watched the tens of thousands of people who had participated in the auction in front of him and said loudly, “Ladies and gentlemen, the body of this Warcraft, in front of me, is the fifth-order Warcraft Tianyi Shenniu. Losing the magic nucleus, but its value is still very valuable. It must be clear to everyone in the audience that if you eat the fifth-order World of Warcraft meat for a long time, you can not only strengthen your body, but even the power of the Holy Spirit in the body can be small. The magnitude of the increase, but also said to increase the chance of breaking from the Grand Master to the Holy Master."Hearing the last words of the host, the originally quiet auction venue was once again paralyzed. All the people stared at the fifth-order Warcraft corpse on the booth with eagerness and greed.On Tianyuan mainland, there are indeed rumors that if the long-term consumption of more than fifth-order World of Warcraft meat, can increase the probability of success for the Grand Master to break through to the Holy Master.The earth teacher, the simple word, but in the eyes of thousands of great teachers in the Tianyuan continent, it is so high.Although there is only one step away from the Holy Master and the Great Master, this step has blocked thousands of people. On Tianyuan mainland, I don’t know how many people died in order to break through to the Holy Master. .Because if you want to successfully break from the Great Teacher to the Holy Master, then only the sacred soldier from the broken body will become a powder, and then absorb a large amount of energy, and radically break up the cruell It is only through this step that it will be a successful breakthrough to the Holy Master.But the sacred soldier is the personal name of the sacred soldier. Once the sacred soldier is damaged, the owner will all be involved and cause an injury. Once the sacred soldier breaks, there are only two consequences for the sacred soldier. The light loses all the Holy Spirit. Force becomes a waste person who cannot practice martial arts. If he is severe, he will directly die.Therefore, on the Tianyuan continent, less than one percent of the people who can successfully break through to the Holy Master are defeated.This step has blocked thousands of great teachers. There are even many great teachers who are reluctant to take risks. They prefer to remain in their original state for life, until they are old.Therefore, the point where the meat of the fifth-order World of Warcraft was added exceeded the chance of the Holy Master, so that all the people present were smitten.At this time, the host's loud voice came again: "Now, it is the body of the fifth-order Warcraft Tianyi Shenniu. The reserve price is five thousand amethyst coins. Each price increase must be no less than one hundred amethyst coins.""I'm out of six thousand amethyst coins..."The host's voice was just down. From a VIP room next door, someone immediately quoted."6,500 amethyst coins..." Another voice came out of the VIP room."6,600 Amethyst Coins.....""6,700 amethyst coins.......""Seven thousand amethyst coins......."Throughout the auction venue, an astonishing amount of quoted voice came out of the VIP booths. At this time, no one in the auction room could plug in.To capture the fifth-order World of Warcraft, but not have money to do it, but also have some strength, otherwise, I am afraid that just out of the auction, fifth-order Warcraft was taken away.Therefore, the people who are fighting for the fifth-order World of Warcraft now have certain forces and do not worry that they will be snatched from their hands."The eight thousand amethyst coins..."The battle for fifth-order Warcraft was very fierce. In a short blink of time, the price soared to the high price of 8,000 amethyst coins, and the momentum of the rise was not at all to stop."8,500 amethyst coins, the body of this fifth-order Warcraft, we must set the Orchid family, who dared to fight again, is to rival our Orchid family." A strong voice from a private room The voice was full of arrogance. For the body of this fifth-order Warcraft, it was obviously holding the heart."Is the orchid family, is it the Fire Orchid family?""It turned out to be the Orchid family. The Orchid family is the first family in Huoyin City, and its strength is very strong. Even if it is the city's main government, it's very polite to treat the Orchid family. I didn't think they even came to participate. ."Listening to the words of the Orchid family, the auction site suddenly sounded a buzzing talk. Even though the Orchid family is not a local force in Fengyang City, its strength is strong and it still has a strong influence in the nearby area. force."Oh, people of the Orchid family can't say that. But here's the auction house. No matter what, it's all made by the highest bidder. Our Halidol family bids 10,000 amethyst coins. This is the body of the fifth-order Warcraft. We, the Harry family, must be set.” As soon as the voice of the man of the Orchid family had just fallen, a slightly old sound came from the opposite box."The Harry family, isn't that the power of the Loess City? The Loess City is a thousand miles away from Fengyang City. I didn't expect them to come."“The Harry family was very low-key. Although there was no company in the top ten loess cities, none of them dared to offend the Halidom family. Even the largest family in the Loess City did not dare to overlook the Halidom family.”"Yeah, I remember a few years ago, the first family of Huangtu City had a nephew who had offended the little princess of the Harry family and was beaten by the protective guards of the little princess of the Harry family. Not even one butt dares to put one."“It is said that the Harry Potter family is the most powerful family in the city of Loess, but they are very low-key, and they don’t show up on weekdays. There are even some people who do not know the name of the Harry Potter family....”The voice of the Harry Potter family fell. At the auction market, there were only a few people talking about the formation of a bark. Even for a long time, no one offered a quotation. Even the previous fifth-order Warcraft had a looming heart. The Lan family also suddenly became a dumb."Lotus City, the Harry's family!" In the heart of the sword dust, the family instantly wrote down the family. From this situation, he already saw that the Harry Potter family was not simple.After a moment of silence, there was finally a middle-aged man with a full-hearted voice transmitting from a box: "Oh, I didn't expect even the Harry family to have such an interest in this fifth-order World of Warcraft. That being the case, then we are the Mutian Family. Do not participate in this battle of Warcraft, hoping that the next five-order World of Warcraft, Harry family can give us.""Oh, of course, we have a family of Warcraft for the Harry Potters is enough, and the rest of us, we do not participate in the fight." The slightly older voice of the Harry family came out again with a faint smile. ."In that case, then we will also sell the face of the Harry Potter family and give up this fifth-order World of Warcraft.""This fifth-order Warcraft body, we Yangmeng also gave up....."With the attitude of the Harry Potter family, one strength is not weak forces have sold a face of the Harry family, to give up this fifth-order Warcraft battle."Oh, the old man on behalf of the Halido family thank you for the concessions." The voice of the old Harry family got a faint smile.Subsequently, the body of Tianyi Shenniu was photographed by the Harry Potter family at the price of 10,000 amethyst coins.“The body of the second fifth-order World of Warcraft is now being auctioned. Come on, come on!” With the host, another stretcher was lifted up. The stretcher was also covered by a large black cloth.This time, the old man who hosted the auction did not have too much nonsense. He immediately lifted the black cloth and said: "This is a Warcraft III animal, and it is also the last of the auction. With things, rules and the same as the last time, the reserve price of five thousand amethyst coins, each price increase shall not be less than one hundred amethyst coins."With the host's voice falling, a number of terrifying figures were reported from each box again. Perhaps this is the reason why there is a fifth-order World of Warcraft. This time, the battle is even more intense than before. Soon, the price rose from 5,000 Amethyst coins to 15,000."16 thousand amethyst coins.....""17,000 amethyst coins....""Two thousand amethyst coins..."With a short tea time, the price of the Suyun animal climbed to the terror level of 20,000 amethyst coins, and there are still many forces competing against each other.Listening to the ever-rising amethyst currency, sitting on the face of the sword dust below could not help but reveal a smile, although the first fifth-order Warcraft body sold only 10,000 amethyst coins, the price is somewhat low, However, the second World of Warcraft in front of us, see the intensity of competition at this time, it is estimated that it can completely make up for the first low-cost defects."My Mutian family bid for 22,000 amethyst coins...""My orchid family offered 23,000 amethyst coins...""My Galo family offered 23,000 amethyst coins...""Liquid cloud jiange bid 24,000.....""I have 25,000 out of Yangmen.......""I have 26,000 clouds in the dark clouds..."The sound of the quotes is endless. This last fifth-order Warcraft corpse has caused many forces to fight fiercely in the bloodshed. All of them increase their fares by 11,000.Soon, the body of this fifth-order Warcraft has risen to the high price of 40 thousand amethyst coins."The Orchid family has 45,000 amethyst coins."With the orchid families reporting a high price of 45,000 yuan, the entire auction site quieted down and could only hear the heavy breathing of countless people. Forty-five thousand amethyst coins have already exceeded some forces. The limit.Although the body of the fifth-order Warcraft is rare, it is not invisible in some big cities. This price has exceeded the value of the fifth-order World of Warcraft. After all, the Suyun Beast is just an ordinary fifth-order Warcraft, not the silver wire. Snakes like this.Once the lively auction site was quiet for a moment, it was finally broken again by a voice: "My Mutian family bid 46,000 amethyst coins."The Mutian family once again overcame the Orchid family on price."Touch!" Just as the voice of the Mutian family had just fallen, it was in the box of the Orchid family and suddenly there was a dull noise.There were a total of five middle-aged men and an old man sitting in the VIP boxes of the Orchid family. They saw a middle-aged man in a white robe punching heavily on the fragrant wood table in front of the table and savouring wooden tables. There is a hole.“The Mutian family would dare to make life difficult with my family. Well, I will regret it for you,” said the middle-aged man wearing a white robe, grimacing and gritted.And the rest of the people are not very good-looking."If this is the case, I'm afraid that the price of this fifth-order Warcraft will climb to a point where we can't even afford it." The old man said something gloomy."In addition to that, what else can we do? This fifth-order World of Warcraft has attracted many people. The forces that we can continue to fight are no weaker than our family." The middle-aged man in the white robe said something annoyed. ."Liuyun Jiange bid 47,000 amethyst coins....."At this moment, another sound of quotations came over, and as the price rose, the look of the faces of several people on the Orchid family became more and more difficult to read.In the eyes of middle-aged men flashed a sharp color, shouted: "Orlando family bid 50,000 amethyst coins."