Chapter 183 With an enemy threeThe rapid speed of the breeze sword made the silver sword dust have completely evolved into an extremely small silvery light. The speed is so fast that even the great masters of the Great Master must be careful to deal with it. For the spiritual class, such a speed is absolutely deadly.The Breeze Sword smashed through the throat of several Holy Masters in the family of the orchids without any slight hindrance, instantly cutting the aorta at the throat. The few sages could only find a silvery light flashing at lightning speed. When many of them had not yet responded, they felt a slight pain from the throat, and they followed. A strong sense of suffocation was transmitted and soon fell to the ground.Jian Chen continued to shuttle among the people of the Orchid family, and as the silver-white light wind sword continued to become a piece of vaguely shadowy sword, I saw a group of people in the Orchid family, and people were constantly showing pain. Holding the throat down on the floor, all the people in the place where the sword dust passes, the crowds are falling. Among these sages, those who can escape the sword and sword are few and far between.In just two short breaths, nearly 20 of the group of people in the Orchid family were cut by a sword.Because swordsmanship is very fast and accurate, the speed at which the sword dust kills people is very fast. For those who have the most strength and their own counterparts, they are almost a killer, and in a short time, the Orchid family Some of the great masters of the Great Teacher came back from here, but when they saw the time that the two short breaths didn’t come, they nearly instantly lost one of the almost 20 family members. These Sacred Masters, but the middle strength of their family, and this time they only brought the total number of people, but only 50, this short and two breathing time has long been half dead, which for them, It is definitely an unacceptable cruel thing.    "you wanna die!""No clouds, I don't want to leave this time."An old man and a middle-aged man on the roof rushed off the roof and rushed toward the sword dust. The sacred soldiers in their hands carried a banging energy and slammed into the air. Sky, cut to the sword dust.On the ground, the middle-aged man who once had a confrontation with sword dust was also red-eyed, holding his two-handed sword and yelling toward the sword dust.The “Three Great Masters!” felt the power of the three breaths and the turbulence of the strong Holy Power contained in the sacred soldier. A slight sneer on the face of the sword dust, if the sword dust was the strength of the junior sages, the three great saints. The division has been able to cause him a very huge pressure, but unfortunately now the strength of the sword dust has been promoted to high level, is also only a stone's throw away from the Great Master, strength compared with junior sages, a powerful number of grades, these three The Great Master is even at the same time, but as long as he does not meet the person with the power of sacred attributes and powerful combat skills, Jian Chen can easily handle it."Oh!"The light wind sword turned into a phantom sharply thrusting out, and the high speed oscillating instantly produced a pleasing sound of swords and cymbals at the tip of the sword. In a short time, the sword dust had already stabbed more than ten swords and hit the sword. The sacred soldiers collided in midair at the same time. The intensive snoring had already been practiced. One of the three sacred sacred soldiers was stabbed several times by a breeze sword in one instant.After more than a dozen swords, the pace of the three menacing sacred soldiers was immediately hindered. The seemingly powerful attack was thus relieved by the seemingly casual ten swords of sword dust, but the sacred soldier’s master did not As a result, the strength of the Holy Power that has emerged from the sacred soldiers has skyrocketed again. Then, with the sound of broken air, the sword dust is cut again.The sword dust attacked the three Great Masters with the help of the senior sages. He actually had no fear, but instead he fought in the high post and was in full swing. The light wind sword in his hands once again turned into a vague blur. The thorns, the three sacred soldiers battled hard together.Although Jian Chen can also hide behind, but at this moment, Jian Chen completely uses the top three masters of the great masters to verify his strength. After all, this time is the first time he has reached the senior sages and the great human race since this time. The masters of the division are at war. He also wants to use the few people in front of him to test his current limits.There are only two wide breeze swords and three sacred soldiers, disproportionately in size, are constantly engaged in fierce battles. As the weapons collide, the energy generated by them is also continuously spreading toward the surrounding areas. . The impact of this energy aftermath continued to impact, and on both sides of the street buildings, there were cracks in the spider webs on the hard rock walls, and they quickly spread farther away.In these buildings and shops, as soon as they opened, they were left empty, so they did not worry about innocent casualties. At the two ends of the street, there were hundreds of people who were all crowded back one by one, all of which had given back enough air to fight several of them.Observing that only the sword dust of the senior sages is obviously equal to the strength of the three great masters of the great division level who are equal to the strength of oneself. The rest of the great sages who watch the battle are more shocked. The more concentrated it is, the hard-to-believe that almost everyone is full of faces."This is no cloud, but it is not simple. Although only the senior sages have the strength, the fighting power that they have played will be so powerful that the speed of each sword is not only extremely fast but also very accurate. The time required, his sword has already been stabbed two or three times, and the action is running smoothly, without any slightest stagnation. The changes in swordsmanship and swordsmanship are almost seamless, and people simply cannot find the slightest flaw. This combat experience is much stronger than we are," said an old man standing on the roof with a sigh."It seems that this cloudless life-and-death battle has more to do with us. If we don't, we will never be able to hammer out such a clever combat experience. We must know that this battle experience can be taught not by teaching, only The true walking is on the edge of life and death, and it will gradually be realized through a thorough procession.” The deputy cabinet owner of Liuyun Jiangge is also a dignified face, sinking."The most important thing is whether or not he can shoot the sword too fast. This will be a special battle technique."As soon as we heard the word combat, many people in the field had bright eyes and fighting skills were not only extremely precious but also very scarce on the Tianyuan mainland. Even the presence of these forces led to many low-level battles. There are no skills, even if there are, but only the core of the family of several people in power or family leaders can only learn.As for combat skills, for them, the temptation is definitely greater than the fifth-order magic nucleus."This cloudless swordsmanship is definitely an extremely advanced combat technique. Otherwise, with the strength of a senior sages who he has set, he can display his speed so fast."Almost at the same time, everyone on the court agreed with this statement, because in front of this scene, in addition to the record, they could not find a better and more appropriate explanation.When one thinks that the sword dust is highly likely to still possess combat skills, many people on the spot have begun to radiate this radiant light. For the combat skills, there is no military force on the Tianyuan continent. As long as they are martial artists, almost no one can resist the temptation of fighting skills.