Chapter 182 No fearAs the silver-white Jianguang fleetingly flew, several people who later rushed to Jian Chen immediately had three people cut off their throats by the sharp sword tip of the light wind sword.At this time, the rest of the people close to the sword dust body waved the sacred soldiers in their hands, and at the same time with awe-inspiring power, they cut it toward the sword dust.For the number of sacred soldiers cut behind him, Jian Chen did not look at it. His back was like a pair of eyes. His body was only slightly tilted, and he was very clever enough to avoid the attacks of several weapons.    "Ding!"A few of the sacred soldiers not only did not hit the sword dust. Instead, because the targets of the attack were the same, several sacred soldiers even collided with each other in mid-air. With the crisp sound of a steel clapper, several sacred soldiers The energy contained on the collision collided together and suddenly formed a visible wave of energy, spreading toward the surrounding area.In the eyes of Jian Chen, the Hanmang flashed and caught the slightest stagnation caused by the collision of weapons of several people. The light breeze sword in his hand once again formed a vague shadow, which enveloped several people at the same time. It was sharp and full of sharp forces. The tip of the sword, as if it were a sickle of death, gently passed over the throat of several of them, with a faint red blood, relentlessly harvesting life.In just one short breath, there will be ten people who have the strength of the sages and die under the sword. In Jian Chen’s eyes, there was shrill and murderous murderousness. On the breeze sword, the layer of Jianmang on that layer also became a little more intense. When the Jian Chen wanted to continue to kill other people, suddenly A loud shout began."Stop!"Wen Sheng, some people still rushed to the sword dust, suddenly stopped. At this time, those who were cut off by the sword dust, the body fell almost at the same time."A good sword!""The speed of this sword is so fast."Among the crowd, many people with extraordinary eyes and eyes made sighs. Among them, many masters of the Great Master class could already see Jian Jian’s sword, but without exception, everyone was quickened by lightning. The general speed was shocked because they knew in their hearts that even if they were faced with a sword that was so fast, they should be careful to deal with it. Otherwise, if they did not pay much attention, they would lose their lives.At this moment, those masters of the Great Master who could not afford to ignore the sword dust at the moment, the eyes that looked at Jian Chen at the moment also completely changed. It was a face to face with opponents of the same level.Looking at the short blink of an eye, the few people who fell to the ground, and the rest of the people who had only the strength of the sages, both face and the face were greatly changed, and each one of them looked a little dignified, just that moment. They could only catch a few flashes of silvery light, and they did not see how many people were killed.Jian Chen stood in the middle of a few dead bodies with his sword in his right hand, and he was contaminated by the bloody tip of his sword and leaned on the ground. His eyes glanced around him, and said: "To snatch things from my hands is not an easy task. At least, I will also let you pay a very heavy price."The words of the sword dust, let a group of people face each other, a person with only the strength of the senior sages, surrounded by hundreds of people actually not only did not panic, but also uttered rumors to say this In particular, among these hundreds of people, there are still many masters of the Great Teacher's class. To speak out, I am afraid that no one will believe it.Although the words of Jian Chen’s words sounded arrogant, but surprisingly no one replied, even those who have the strength of the Great Teacher are no exception, and all of them are silent because the ground is lying down. The body of several of the sages is a good proof."Hey....."An old man standing on the roof patted his palm and said with a smile: "Mr. Cloudless is a good man, and it made all of us look away, admire and admire."The sword dust smiled indifferently, and did not answer the words of the old man. He said: "Ladies and gentlemen, do you want to grab something in my hands now?"As soon as the Jian Chen voice fell, a middle-aged man said with a gloomy face: "Oh, don't think that if you have a certain strength, you will not put the world in your eyes. Without clouds, you dare to kill my orchid family. If you don't give us an explanation of the Orchid family, you will not want to leave here."“Mr. Wu Yun, we also have several deaths in the hands of our Mutian family. They are all talented people in our family. They are highly valued by the family. If you don’t give us an explanation of this matter, then it’s very difficult for us. Ah, the anger of our family owners is not so good.” An old man in the Mutian family said with a grin.After listening to these two parties, the rest of the forces were all in a good-natured manner. None of them withdrew. Although the strength demonstrated by Jian Chen was a surprise to all of them, it was not enough for them to retreat. After all, the fifth-order magic verification is too tempting. The only trouble now is that there are too many forces on the scene. The two fifth-order magic nucleus is simply not well-distributed. As for the Jian Chen, although his strength has been taken seriously by the people, it is not enough to make them jealous.Jian Chen’s eyes gradually became fierce. He already understood that today’s World War I was inevitable and he sneered: “In that case, I will give you an account now.” The voice just fell, the light in the hands of the sword dust The Jianjian silver sword suddenly rose sharply, and the strong and full of Jianqi spread through the air, even if the people separated by a distance of more than 10 meters, they felt a faint pain on the skin, it seems that there are thousands of The sword arrived on his body like a place.The dust on the tip of the sword tipped gently to the ground, and the body was already flying like a ghostly light. The distance of just over ten meters did not seem to exist in front of him. It crossed over and came to the family of the Orchid family in a flash. In front of his body, while the light wind sword was driven by his arm, it turned into a shadowy sky and shook it toward a group of people in the Orchid family.For the people of the Orchid family, the sword dust could not be used to it, so the first one took a shot at the Orchid family.“Everyone was careful!” The leader of the Orchid family sang and heard, a big sword instantly appeared in the hands, and for the sky-shaking sword shadow like nothing, directly waving a big sword, cut it toward a place.    "Ding!"With the sound of a crisp crash, the large sword collided with a thin and narrow sword with only two fingers wide in the wrap of the sky. With a strong energy fluctuation, it collided with the two sacred soldiers. At the same time, a circle of visible energy was formed. It quickly spread to the surrounding area and eventually slammed on buildings on both sides of the street. Suddenly, the hard walls made of stones were directly shaken by this energy, and a tiny amount of dust splashed out from above.When the two sacred soldiers collided with each other, the sword dust immediately recovered the light wind sword, and the tip of the toes rapidly moved on the ground. Together with the twisting body, it turned into a ghost again, bypassing at a very fast speed. The man with the big sword shot behind him.However, the group of people in the Orchid family are now on alert and watch the fast rushing sword dust. The faces of the front-facing people suddenly become dignified, but their movements are not slow and powerful. The forces covered the sacred soldiers and waved the sacred soldiers to the sword dust.However, just as their sacred soldiers cut half the distance, a silver-white light blew them up so quickly that they all responded with a certain speed, and flashed across their throats.