"He wants to escape.......""Come on, don't let him escape...""Fighting skills are on him. He must not let him escape.....""Fast recovery....."As soon as the sword dust fled, a cry was heard immediately around the corner. Even an advanced combat technique and even the earth sages would feel coveted. Even many of the earth's sage divisions have not yet mastered a combat technique, let alone a large group. The sages."No cloud, stay!""Where to go!""Give your skills and you will not die!"Along with the fiery anger of the roads, the great sage who stood on the roof and on the ground attacked sword dust.If the sword dust has been fighting here, it may not cause them to attack at the same time, but his escape is not allowed in the field.In total, at least 30 of the sages had shot at Jian Chen. The sacred forces contained in the sacred soldiers slammed into this narrow space, and their power seemed to be incomparable.Above the head of sword dust, a giant axe, two giant swords, a machetes and a machetes were cut to the top of Mount Tai.Now that the sword dust is in the air, there is nowhere to use it. It is impossible to change the direction at all. In desperation, the breeze sword in his hand is turned into a phantom, and the lightning strikes out, and a dense sword is immediately placed in front of him. network."Hey....."With a series of dense weapons colliding, the breeze sword was in fierce battle with several sacred soldiers on the top of the head. Although it blocked the offensive of the other side, the powerful force uploaded by the other sacred soldier will still be the sword dust. The body hard pressed down and fell back to the ground.As soon as his feet touched the ground, Jian Chen did not hesitate for a moment. He gave a full glimpse of the ground. The whole person shot like a cannonball and quickly shot toward the front.In front of Jian Chen, two great sage holding the sacred soldier stepped out from the crowd and watched the sword dust rushing to face. The fierce light flashed away from the eyes, and then a powerful Holy Power from the sacred soldier. Gushing out, with a sound of broken space, cut toward sword dust.The temptation of combat skills for them is really too great, and the power displayed by the sword dust is beyond the expectation of everyone on the court. One or two of the Great Masters are right on him, and even the self-insurance cannot do it. Therefore, At this moment, the leaders of all the major forces seemed to have consonance. Although they did not make any exchanges, all of them were united to fight against Jian Chen.The sword dust body rushed forward with great speed. As soon as the two sacred arms were about to be seen on him, his footsteps changed, and the whole body moved to the side by two feet in an incredible moment. The distance just escaped the attack of two sacred soldiers."Oh!"The Breeze Sword quickly pierced, and the constantly oscillating tip of the sword cut through the air, sounding like a sword and breaking the air, and then as if with a thunderbolt and breaking through all obstacles, it instantly became one of the Great Masters. Throat."Oh!"Jian Chen’s twinkling eyes in the twinkling eyes of the sword’s eyes are full of sinister eyes. It seems that he can annihilate the opponent’s soul and let some weaker ones do not dare to face it. When the Breeze Sword just penetrated into the throat of the Great Master, he was immediately pulled out of the sword dust and immediately he was stabbed to the side of a great sage.Seeing a photo, his companion was killed by the other party. The rest of the Grand Master could not help but eclipsed him. Although he knew that the sword dust was strong, he did not think he was strong enough to achieve this level. Strength, just one photo, kills a strong Grand Master class.Seeing the hands of sword and dust in the hands of the sword, the silver-white long sword, which represents the death knives, has already stabbed himself. The great congregational teacher suddenly changed his face and made every effort to recover the weapons in his hand, and immediately strung up in front of his throat.    "Ding!"Although this great sage obstructed this sword that was enough to cause him to be immediately deadly, the powerful force from the light wind sword still made it impossible for him to make two steps.However, when he had not yet waited for a steady pace, the sound of sharp blows came again. He saw a silvery light flash and penetrated into his throat.When the light disappeared, it was discovered that it turned out to be a narrow sword. The silver sword had been contaminated with blood.The great sage who pierced the throat with a light wind sword widened his eyes. At the last moment of his life, there was only one thought in his mind circling: "Well, a good sword..."At this time, the remaining 30 ordained teachers also rushed from all directions toward the sword dust, quickly approaching the sword dust, and several people who had already approached the body of the sword dust, the sacred soldiers in their hands had cut to the sword dust. In the past.The sword dust quickly glanced around his eyes, quickly out of the sword to resist several sacred soldiers who had been unable to avoid, and then fled into a crowd composed of a large group of sages.Now we must rush out of the encirclement of more than 30 Grand Masters, only to make breakthroughs on the ground. Because on the ground, there are a total of hundreds of people as a cover, and they are left alone in the crowd. Those great sage teachers will certainly find it difficult to block themselves. Many, if they fled from the air, I am afraid that they have just rushed forward and will enroll dozens of sects of the Great Teacher.A flashing sword dust rushed into the crowd. The breeze sword turned into a path of Baiman flying around and constantly cut the enemy's throat. For these masters of the sages, sword dust was under full force, almost no one. Can escape from his sword.Jian Chen quickly rushed forward in the crowd, and wherever he went, people on both sides who belonged to various forces fell to the ground."Just escape....."A group of *** panic, like ants on a hot pot, fled."Asshole!""No clouds, I can't spare you!""I will break you to pieces!"Looking at those people who died under the sword and sword, some of the great teachers were stricken and swift, slamming and slamming, and then immediately rushed into the crowd and chased after the sword dust.However, many of these people belong to their power. In this densely populated area, several great sage teachers immediately feel that they are in a cluttered hand, and it is impossible for them to be able to kill themselves as sword dust."All scattered!"Immediately there was a shout, but his sentence was obviously superfluous. Just in the crowd where the sword dust had just rushed into a group of sages, those people began to escape everywhere, but hundreds of people crowded into the narrow streets. In order to completely escape for a short period of time, it is impossible to do it at all, and the sword of Jian Chen is extremely fast. Therefore, only those who are far away from the sword dust can escape the robbery. As for those who stand in front of him, People, without exception, are all killed by sword dust.Just a few breathing time, the sword dust took out a bloody road, rushed out of the encirclement of hundreds of people, and then did not stop at the slightest pace, immediately fled to the distance quickly.Behind them, the more than thirty great teachers also followed closely.