Chapter 185 EscapeThe sword of Jian Chen was faster and faster, and the two great teachers of the Orchid family suddenly felt a great deal of pressure. They never thought that their two great teachers would even be singled out by a senior teacher. People, to the point of being so stunned."Oh!"The silver-white light formed by the light breeze sword was close to the big sword it appeared, and then in the other's horrified eyes, it pierced into the throat of a middle-aged man and pierced it directly.Within a few short breaths, another great teacher died under the sword of sword dust.The last remaining old man was so shocked that the two of them were united and they were barely equal to the sword dust. They had already fallen into the air and now a fellow dies, but with the strength demonstrated by the sword dust, One person in his stomach is definitely not an opponent of Jian Chen. If he is really alone and confronted with sword dust, I am afraid that it will die faster.At this thought, the old man of the Youlan family, who had the strength of the Great Teacher, suddenly became extremely ugly. However, he was not stupid. He did not give the sword dust to attack him. He immediately shouted, "All of you, no clouds. There are not only the fifth-order magic nucleus, but also at least one advanced combat technique. No one of us alone can kill him. Instead, it will be counter-killed. In order to obtain combat skills and fifth-order magic nucleus, everyone It's not time to join hands and kick him together."Although the old family of the Orchid family was in self-help, it was not unreasonable to say what they said. After all, the sword dust battled each of the three Great Masters with its own strength. In the end, it killed the two in a very short time. The Grand Master, all the people present in this scene are witnessed."Usually, together, you must get skills.""The cloudless fighting power is too strong. The two or three great sage divisions did not have much chance of winning. He said, now that we have a lot of people, we must kill them first because there is no cloud to us. Stronger than a big family."The words of the old man of the orchid family soon gained the approval of many people present. Immediately afterwards, seven or eight people with the Great Teacher took out the sacred soldiers and hurried toward Jian Chen.Jian Chen’s face changed slightly. Although he did not feel any difficulty in facing the three Great Masters, there were two or more and more Grand Masters in almost every side of the dozen or more forces. If they are all united in crusade against themselves, then they can not stop people.Now, there is no time for the swordsman to think too much. At that time, the seven or eight great sage divisions have already approached the body of the sword dust. With a loud sip, the sacred soldier with strong Holy Power is also Cut to sword dust. Although these few people did not have years of cooperation, they obviously also have certain fighting experience. Several sacred soldiers have cut down the direction to fight all the space that Jian Chen can dodge.Jian Chen's face became a little dignified. At the same time, he also felt a tremendous pressure in the face of the eight Great Masters. With the rapid swing of his right arm, the Jianfeng’s sword shadow was instantly filled with the surrounding. a piece of space."Hey....."With a burst of dense weaponry, in that short moment, the breeze sword collided with several sacred soldiers more than a dozen times, and the several sacred soldiers that appeared to have been blocked by the breeze Jiange. , making the attack offset.The body of the sword dust swayed slightly and instantly came to a person. The light wind sword pierced and pointed directly at the throat of a middle-aged man.The middle-aged man had just cut out his sword and he had to recover the sacred soldiers in the future. Together with the old force in the body, Xin Li was able to make a living. Faced with this lightning-fast speed, middle-aged men had no time at all. Go to avoid it."Oh!"The light wind sword directly pierced the throat of a middle-aged man.Feeling the severe pain from his throat and feeling unable to breathe, the middle-aged man's heart is so incredible, and a strong sense of vertigo has spread throughout the head."Did it die? Is it dead? Isn't it so that my life is over? I would die in the hands of a sages...." At the last minute of this life, the middle-aged man still felt unbelievable, and he was a big man. The sages were killed by a sages.As the light wind sword was pulled out from the throat of a middle-aged man, the middle-aged man's body finally fell to the ground. When his life had passed, his eyes were still greatly opened and his eyes were not noticed."Lord!"A man standing on the roof, wearing a cyan robe, and a thin-skinned man staring at the middle-aged man who fell to the ground, his face suddenly changed. With a shriek, the whole man jumped from the roof. In the blink of an eye, he came to the middle-aged man."Lord, Lord....."The young man in the Qingpao squats next to the middle-aged man. The tone of the call is anxious. However, at this moment, the middle-aged man has been completely cut off. No matter how much he shouts, he can't get the slightest response.Not far away, at the moment, a middle-aged man and six elderly men in black robes stood high on a building and watched remotely.“The Lord of the City, don’t we need to stop it? After all, this Fengyang City is our site.” An old man said in a mild tone.Hearing that, a middle-aged man wearing a white flash shook his head gently, and there were some frustrations on his face: "I can't stop it. Although it is Fengyang City, it belongs to my site, but it is there. It is not only the top strength of several cities around, but even the three major families of Fengyang City are also involved. If we act rashly, I am afraid we will offend a lot of people."“But this is called a cloudless person, and his strength is also good. With the strength of the senior sages, he can actually kill the Grand Master. This is on the Tianyuan continent, but it is rare.” The middle-aged man standing beside the city owner The man said with a sigh.The head of the city nodded slightly and said: "Yes, this is no cloud and I don't know what it is. The strength is so powerful. Especially his sword. Even the Grand Master has to be careful about the embankment, but there are dozens of things. The great sage and hundreds of sages, although this cloudless fighting power is not weak, but today I am afraid it is difficult to escape.”"If he also has the strength of the Great Teacher, it is estimated that he can escape in the siege of so many people." It was an old man who spoke in a low tone.Not far away, two people dressed in gray robes stood straight on a rooftop staring at distant fights. The two were a middle-aged man and an old man, and the old man was exactly At the auction, the man who shot the body of the fifth-order Warcraft Speed ​​Cloud beast with a hundred thousand amethyst coins."Large master, you see if we want to help him, after all, Syun beast but he provided, it can be regarded as helping us." Gray gown old man looked at the distant fight, said softly.The middle-aged man standing next to him shook his head slightly and said: "I don't see it. It's cloudless. It's young, but it has the strength of a senior sage, and the fighting power is even stronger. Even the general sage None of its opponents, such potential, is also rare to see the entire Tianyuan continent.""Also, he is quite good. If he is bent on escaping, he will have some chances of success. And, for him, it can be said to be a test. After all, if he is just practicing speed, If we are fast, then the ultimate achievement will not be high. Only when we pass the test of blood and fire, can we call it a genius from the infinite number of people who have lived and died. Otherwise, it will only insult the genius. word."The old man nodded in agreement and said: "The lesser sunshine is worse than the old one."The middle-aged man's face shows a slight smile, saying, "The cloud is old. Let's go. Even if the body of the Suyun Beast has been found, our task can be considered complete, and we should go back."As soon as the voice fell, the two jumped off the roof and disappeared after several flashes.On the other side, Jian Chen has already fought again with several Great Masters. At the same time, facing the siege of the Seven or Eight Holy Masters, Jian Chen could no longer be as easy as fighting with the Three Great Masters. For a moment, the body added several wounds. And there were a few of the great sage divisions opposite, and there were a few people with a faint trace of blood in their throats. If they did not dodge in time at the crucial moment, and they were rescued by someone next to them, I am afraid that they would have become a lifeless corpse.The eyes of the sword dust flickered, and he quickly glanced around his eyes. He knew clearly that the swordsmanship he had displayed had been treated as an advanced combat technique by the other side. To combat the preciousness of the skills on the Tianyuan continent, they certainly would not easily let go of themselves. Although he killed several great teachers, there were more than a dozen stocks of non-weak forces present. Among them, there were dozens of great teachers. If they were united, they would use their present strength. It is absolutely impossible to cope with.Thought of this, Jian Chen did not hesitate. After the attacks from several people were blocked, his feet fell on the ground. The whole body immediately flew away and quickly fled to the distance.