Chapter 181 Taken to the publicWhen the situation develops to this point, it is also clear in the mind of the Jian Chen. Unless they are allowed to search themselves, otherwise they will never believe their one-sided words. It is absolutely impossible for them to search their own space belt. , not to mention that the two fifth-order magic nuclei now lie quietly inside, I am afraid that only those fourth-order magic nuclei in his space ring and a lot of amethyst coins, will make a lot of them life Out of heart.Now, Jian Chen has understood that it is no longer necessary to continue to hide. Even though the other person is in a crowd, he is not afraid of himself.After the sword dust swept around, the mighty God made it easy for him to capture dozens of strong breaths around him. Then he smiled indifferently and said, "Since everyone has already guessed, I don't need to hide anymore. The nuclear is indeed on me, but there are only two, I do not know how many of you so, in the end how to allocate the two fifth-order magic nucleus."The words of Jian Chen’s remarks suddenly became hesitant for hundreds of people in the field. The preciousness of the fifth-order Warcraft was absolutely on the fifth-order Warcraft corpse. For this fifth-order magic nucleus, everyone was present. Do not want to give up easily, but their hearts are also clear that there are only five five-dimensional magic nuclei, but there are more than a dozen forces in the field, each one is a reputation of a giant, even if the strength gap, nor It will be too big, but it will be a difficult problem if you want to allocate two fifth-order magic cores.For a time, the atmosphere of the entire street became somewhat strange because of the words of Jian Chen. Many people flashed a glimpse in their eyes, and people who had had a holiday were full of severe murder. .However, such an atmosphere did not last long and it was broken by an old voice. "Mr. Wu Yun, as for how to allocate the magic nucleus in the end, we will naturally discuss this issue afterwards, and we will not be able to defend you. Now, you will still take out the fifth-order magic nucleus."Looking at the sound of sword dust, I saw that the person who spoke was an old man wearing a white robe. The old man was relatively short and was only able to reach the chest of the sword dust. His countenance was very old and his face was covered with wrinkles. But it is the spirit that goes round, and there is a pair of old eyes and gods.Although the tone of the old man was flat, the meaning conveyed in the words gave the sword a very uncomfortable feeling. The sword dust sneered and greeted the old man's plain eyes, saying: “This old gentleman, sorry, these two five Order magic core, I want to keep it, do not sell!” The last two words, the sword dust bite is particularly heavy, that is to say the least, leaving no room to discuss the slightest.When the sword dust “does not sell”, when the two words are spoken, the faces of all the people in the field are slightly changed. The eyes that look at Jian Chen suddenly become a little cold, and many of them have not concealed themselves. The release of the venomous murderousness. If it is not for the fact that there are dozens of forces at the same time staring at the fifth-order magic nucleus at the same time, the situation has become a bit complicated, I am afraid that these people simply can not be so polite dialogue, have long been directly robbed, spend money to buy The fifth-order magic nucleus is simply not their original intention."Lord, without clouds, the two five-order magic nucleus on you will only cause trouble for you. If you do well, you will still have a fatal disaster. You have to choose carefully." What he said was a gentleman. Young people, who are about 30 years old, are wearing a blue robe embroidered with gold silk. They are people of the Mutian family."Yes, Mr. Wuyun, the fifth-order magic nucleus is not on you. You still sold it to us," said the Garro family.Afterwards, the rest of the forces began to let the sword dust sell the magic nuclei to them, but no one put forward a specific figure.For these five fifth-order magic nucleus, Jian Chen also knows that it is so valuable. Moreover, he now has more than 100,000 amethyst coins in his belt. There is no shortage of money at all. Therefore, he will not sell away.The sword dust apologetic arched, said: "All of you, sorry, I do not sell the fifth-order magic core, there are important things in the next, not to escort." After the words, Jian Chen straight ahead Go, seemingly casual, but the heart has long been alert and ready to shoot at any time."Hey, don't eat and eat fine wine."This action by the Jian Chen angered many people. Immediately there were several Hans with the strength of the sages under the sign of the eyes of the leader. At the same time, they rushed toward the sword dust and tried to capture the sword dust.The actions of these people seemed to be a fuse. Just as they had just moved, some of the remaining groups of forces immediately rushed out. Some of these people rushed toward sword dust and the other went. Block the rest who want to seize the sword dust.At this time, the heads of various forces were very clear in their minds that the most direct way to obtain the fifth-order magic nucleus was to directly capture the sword dust. For the strength of the sword dust, the masters of the Grand Master class had already seen It is clear that a senior sage is only a good hitter among these family powers, so it is not at all.Looking at the few people who rushed toward themselves, Jian Chen’s face showed a glimmer of sneer, and the devastating murderous machine flickered in his eyes. Although the power behind these people was not easily provoked, he was bullied and headed for it, if not Fight back, then he is not a sword dust, and sword dust is not afraid of people.The silver-white breeze swiftly appeared in the right hand of the sword dust. As the silver-white light flashed away, the breeze sword had already pierced at the lightning speed toward the first few people who rushed.The sword dust's speed is extremely fast, and those people who only have the strength of the sages do not expect the speed of the sword dust to be so fast, even they are somewhat difficult to capture, and finally they are When their nerves had just reacted, the breeze sword had mercilessly pierced their throats, and no one could escape from the past.After the strength has been upgraded to the senior sages, the quality of the sword dust, as well as the fighting power, has also risen sharply. Now that the power of the sages is strong, unless it is a person with the power of the Holy Spirit, there are very few people. Can escape from his quick sword.In the blink of an eye, several masters of the Sage class died under the sword of sword dust. The sudden display of fighting power by Jian Chen caused the *** who later rushed to capture the dust of the sword to panic, and then all of them were wary and one after another took care of their own sacred soldiers to guard against them. Nevertheless, the pace of progress was There is no sign of stagnation.After killing several people, the action of Jian Chen did not stop because of this, and the toes tapped on the ground, and the body had already disappeared like a ghost. When it appeared again, it was already three meters away, and it was actively moving towards the back. People who want to hold themselves are welcome.