Chapter 184 Battle Skills?At the moment, many of them are still watching the lively masters of the Great Master. The blood in the body begins to boil. Because of the temptation of combat skills, many of them are tempted to rush through the ball from the sword dust immediately. In your hands, you will snatch your coveted things.Although many people have such urgent thoughts in mind, none of them have shot them. Among them, no one is a fool, watching the sword dust and three masters of the Great Master level playing a fair game, the heart is clear sword dust Strength is not as simple as it seems. Nowadays, almost everybody is holding the idea of ​​letting the Santa Clauses of the Orchid family consume the power of the Holy Spirit.Because the power of the Holy Spirit is the source of the energy of the martial, once the Holy Power is consumed too much, it will directly affect the combat effectiveness. By then, it will be even easier for them to grab something from the sword dust.The sword dust and three masters of the Grand Master class fought in full time for a tea break. During this time, the sword dust completely fought against the three people in a hard and hard manner. For the three attacks, unless forced to do so, He did not dodge.The three great families of the Orchid family who fought with Jian Chen also became more and more frightened. Their hearts were already shocked and unbelievable. They had never met, and they had never heard of a senior sages. It was so long that he could fight with the three Great Masters for a long time and he did not change his face. Moreover, the most important thing was that the senior sages actually fought against the three Grand Masters in a completely rigid manner.After fighting for a tea break with the three Great Masters, Jian Chen’s own strength has also been more accurately verified, and he is no longer entangled with the three Great Masters. The body moves slightly to hide. The sacred soldiers attacked and the tip of the toes touched the ground quickly. The body quickly moved forward in a short time. Then the light wind sword turned into a silvery white light, which made the Buddha break through the space distance and quickly and incrediblely. Speed ​​stabbed at one of the great sage.The speed of the sword made the faces of the three great teachers suddenly change. In fighting with these three great teachers for so long, this sword was the fastest A sword, just an instant, the sharp sword tip of the breeze sword has already approached the target's throat.The old man who was attacked by the breeze sword changed his face. Under such a close distance, he was very unlikely to escape the sword.In this moment of life and death, the old man did not seem to be confused. With a sudden burst of drinking, the power of the majestic sanctuary emerged from the broken body, enveloping his entire person, and the power of the Holy Spirit formed a circle of energy and spread rapidly. Going out and trying to stop the swift wind sword, as long as he fights for even a short time, he will have the chance to escape this sword that seems to represent death. At the same time, the upper body of the old man did his best to the side.A great master of the Great Master broke out with all his strength. The strength of his play is not to be underestimated. When the energy is in contact with the light wind sword, the sharp sword tip of the breeze sword breaks past easily and continues toward it. The old man's throat punctured, but at this moment the speed of the breeze sword has become slower than before because of the resistance of energy.The Breeze Sword eventually wiped the old man's neck across the neck. Rao was so. The sharp Jian Qi contained in the sword also left a faint trace of blood in the old man's neck."Ling old, escape!"It was not until then that the voices of the two great sage divisions passed by. The two men then angered and shouted, waving the sacred soldiers and attacking Jian Chen with all their might to fight for the old man who had just escaped under the sword and sword. More time to slow down.After the sword dust chilled out, after verifying his own strength, he now has no time to continue playing with these few people. Since he has decided to make a quick decision, he will also go all out. As the body twists slightly, the sword dust escapes the two sacred soldiers with a difference of ten millimeters, and then the breeze sword slams out again. The speed of the sword is no less than the speed of the sword's stabbing. .And the old man of the Orchid family was extremely embarrassed to escape the sword dust just after that sword, has not stabilized its body, it is like a serpent like a breeze sword, it will stab again."Oh!"As the white light flashes, the breeze sword's sharp tip makes it easy to pierce the old man's throat, contaminated with the bloody tip of the sword, and breaks out from behind the old man's neck. The blood drops from the breeze sword to the silver-white sword.The second sword, the old man did not even respond, he was pierced into the throat by a sword, because both swords were too fast, and the pause time in the middle was very short, short to the old man after he escaped the first sword. The second sword has arrived at a lightning speed without fully stabilizing the body."Ling old!""Ling Bodong!"Looking at the old man who had been pierced by the sword, the other two great masters of the Orchid family screamed in disbelief, and their eyes looked incredible.None of them thought that only the swordsman of the senior sages could not only spare more than three great sages in the siege, but also killed one person on the spot."No clouds, I want to kill you!""No clouds, we don't want to leave here!"The two witnessed their desire to split their eyes, eyes full of hatred and anger and stared at the sword dust. It seemed that the bloody eyes were able to bleed. As if they could not wait for the sword dust, they immediately waved their sacred soldiers and roared toward the sword dust.A group of people around to watch the lively, one face also showed a shock and incredible look, sword dust with the strength of the senior sages one to three and three great masters of the master fight without falling into the wind, it is enough They were surprised and now they killed a great sage. This scene did not happen before their eyes. Even if he beat them, they would not believe it. Rao did. They felt as if they were Entering a fantastic scene is so unreal."Fighting skills, this is the effectiveness of combat skills!""This combat technique actually enabled a senior sages to kill a master of the Great Teacher!""This is definitely a powerful combat skill!""No matter how heavy the price is, you must also get this combat skill!"    ……..In the crowd, a whispered controversy was recalled. At this moment, all of them learned the merits of the sword dust killing the great Master, and they were summed up in combat skills. Immediately afterwards, many people’s eyes were filled with unsightly excitement. Some individual people even trembled slightly, as if the combat technique was their own, and their minds were also imagining. If they learned this combat skill, then what would be the strength."Oh!"With the sound of the sword slamming in the air, the light wind sword has turned into a sky-shaking sword shadow, enveloping the two remaining great teachers of the Orchid family."Oh...."A string of dense weapons collided and the breeze sword and two sacred soldiers collided at an extremely fast pace, but now the sword of Jian Chen is much quicker than before and they are full of strokes and strokes. In order to kill Italy, the two Great Masters were forced to panic after they resisted the Five Six and Six Swords.The speed of this sword is too fast, and the frequency of each sword's stabbing is incredibly fast. A sword is a sword, a sword is a sword, as if it is endless, and the match between each trick is Seamless, just like heaven.