Chapter 187 Wind Properties Grand MasterLooking at the sword dust that gradually disappeared into the eyes, the owner of Fengyang City, who was standing on the roof in a distant place, breathed a sigh of relief and said: “Send the tickets is a go. If they let them toss down again, I’m still living in Fengyang City. I really don't know what to do with them."The words of the landlord made a few nod of people behind him. Although Fengyang City was their site, as a secondary city, there were hundreds of thousands of troops that they could control, but the forces that they gathered were there. It is not just one family, but a dozen or so cities in nearby cities, together with Fengyang City’s hometown. Each of them is not so easy to mess with. If they are united, they can control hundreds of thousands of people. The city's Fengyang City Lord is also feeling a headache.“I didn't expect that this cloudless game would surprise me too much. On the Tianyuan continent, even some of the earth teachers did not master any combat skills.” An old man standing behind the city boss laments Said, his face full of envy."This cloudless luck is really good. Not only has I picked up two bodies of the fifth-order World of Warcraft, but I also have combat skills and I don't know where this combat technique was derived.""It's not cloudless. I hope there isn't much background behind him. Otherwise, those families who are chasing him will have to die."“Oh, the man is guilty and guilty.” The lord of Fengyang City sighed and immediately immediately ordered: “Notify the guards of the gate immediately, and let them go out of the city without any hindrance.”    "Yes!"Jian Chen quickly fled in the direction of the city gate on the street. Although Fengyang City is very large, there are many places that can be hidden. However, in the city of Fengyang, the eyes of those local forces are also numerous. Staying in Fengyang City is The most unwise choice is that the best way to go now is to leave Fengyang City. In the open field outside the city, it is obviously more important to escape from the city.Several wounds on the Jian Chen’s wounds continued to shed blood. They had completely dyed the clothes on him. Now, he has no time to deal with the wounds on his body. He flees here to make himself safe. This is his primary purpose.The sword dust sometimes swaggers on the street, sometimes playing eloquently, and the buildings on both sides of the street are constantly jumping. The speed is faster than the running speed of some low-level World of Warcraft. On the street, those who are carrying the owner are running away. Some of the horses or Warcraft, are constantly overtaken by sword dust.Although the speed of the sword dust is very fast, the speed of the group of great sages that follow it is not much slower than that of the sword dust. Although they do not have such a clever method of sword dust, they are definitely stronger than the sword dust. The force is enough to make up for this shortcoming."Without clouds, you can't escape and you don't want to die."In the group of great followers chasing after them, there are constantly screaming loudly, and the loudness of the volume is so loud that it spreads so far that even the pedestrians on several nearby streets can hear clearly.The 30 Great Masters chased the streets full of sword dust and swept through several streets. On this road, their great momentum naturally caused the curiosity of passers-by. They paused to stop and talked to each other.Among the 30 Great Masters who followed in the chase.A middle-aged man stared at the sword dust escaping in front of him and whispered, "This cloudless speed is really fast. According to the current situation, it is impossible for him to catch up with him in a short time. Then, the middle-aged man turned and looked at one of the people around him and said: "The youngest, among us, I am afraid that only you can catch up to nothing, and without clouds we must not allow him to escape. You go up and stop him."The third-year-old was wearing a red clothes and was of medium build. He was not fat or skinny. Although he was in middle age, he could still see from his appearance that when he was young, he was the third person to be sure. A handsome man.Hearing the words, the old and the younger ones are staring at the sword dust that has fled in front of them, and the scene where sword dust kills several great sages immediately appears in the brain, and a hint of hesitation appears in his eyes."The elder brother, although this is no cloud, although only the senior sages have the strength, but he possesses combat skills. Didn't you see that even a few great sages were killed just after they had face to face? I'm alone. I'm afraid it's not. His opponent." When I remembered the scene where the sword dust had just killed a great teacher, the heart of the youngest man felt uneasy."The youngest, although you only have the strength of the junior sage, but you should not forget that you are the power of the Holy Spirit, which occupies a great advantage in speed, and this cloudless snuggle is that the speed is too fast. We must all be careful when we are fast, and you just happen to be his heart," said the middle-aged man."Elder brother, although I am the power of the Holy Spirit, but the contractivity of the wind is very low. I saw the speed of the Jian Jian sword. It is definitely faster than me. I am not sure about him." Face embarrassment.The middle-aged man gave a sigh and the third child was so greedy that he was afraid of death. He also felt a little unhappy in his heart: "Did young man, don't you see that we have so many people chasing him? You just need to stop him for a short time. Once there is no cloud once again surrounded by us, then he will be very hard to escape. At that time, I will give you the first time to remove the cloudless space belt and you will immediately flee with your space belt at your speed. If there is an outbreak, there are few people here that can catch you."After listening to these words, the third child hesitated for a moment and finally agreed: "That line, my brother, I will stop this without clouds. You must catch up as soon as possible.""Reassured, my third child, can we grab the combat skills from the hands of so many people, but also rely on you." Middle-aged man patted the youngest of the shoulders, whispered in his ear, and in the tone, also With some excitement, according to his thoughts, if this plan is successful, combat skills and two fifth-order nuclear weapons will fall into their hands.Jian Chen had already ran wild on the street with a scent of incense. Under his full run, the speed was much faster than riding a horse. In a short time, he ran wildly for 40 kilometers. At this moment, he The city gate of Fengyang City is getting closer and closer.At this moment, among the 30 Great Masters who chased after him, a blue light suddenly shined out. I saw a figure in the light blue light of a parcel. The speed suddenly rose. In the blink of an eye, it surpassed the surrounding large groups of saints. The division rushed toward sword dust.The changes in the rear were noticed by the sword dust for the first time. When he looked back, his face suddenly changed: “Oops. There was even a person who had the power to sacred power among them. This was troublesome.”