Chapter 18 Speed ​​with Magic Core Practice ()“Can I get a first-order magic nucleus every month? Let's go freely into the first five levels of the library?” After listening to the vice president of Bai En, Jian Chen could not help but feel strange in his heart. Can students receive magical nuclei every month? And what restrictions does not come into the library of the college?After accepting the medal, Jian Chen had already planned to wait and then asked carefully about his brother Chang Yang Hu. Although he had come to the school for three or four days, he had three days in the contest and the first day. Only half the time, so not much is known about the situation in the college.After the fall of the sword dust, the tower and the canopy bear were also taken on the rostrum to accept the award. After the end of the battle, the more than 1,000 students gathered under the ring were gradually dispersed."Four younger brother, you are so terrible, you have actually won the first place in the freshmen's competition. If this matter is known to you, you will be very happy." Walking on the way back to the dormitory, Changyang Tiger looked excited. Speaking around Jian Chen, the tone was very exciting.After listening to these words, Jian Chen smiled a little, but the brain couldn't help but think of the mother Pik Wan Tian, ​​who had been very affectionate since childhood."If this matter is known to the mother, do not know what she would be pleased." Jian Chen secretly thought in his heart.Soon Changyang Tiger returned to the dormitory along with Jian Chen and just closed the dormitory door. Changyang Tiger could not wait to ask: "Four younger brothers, I'll take a look at the third-order magic nucleus."Looking at the face of the big brother Chang Yanghu, the excitement that still does not recede, the sword dust smiled a bit, and took out the third-order magic core that was placed in the space belt and handed it directly to the Changyang Tiger.Changyang Tiger reached out and borrowed this third-order magic nucleus and looked over and over in his hands. As if to see the idea of ​​a fresh baby, he praised: "Four younger brothers, ah, you are really powerful. The magic nucleus, I want to have a big brother for two years, I only used a second-order magic nucleus, but also to spend money to buy it."Hearing that, Jian Chen smiled and said: "Big Brother, I heard that your Holy Power is already at its peak, and you must break through to the Holy One. You can use this third-order magic core." This third-order magic nucleus, sword dust is not valued, although this third-order magic nucleus can increase their cultivation speed, but the sword dust self-confidence even if no magic nucleus, their own cultivation speed will not be slow.After listening to the words of Jian Chen, Changyang Tiger froze and immediately reflected it. He immediately stuffed this third-order magic nucleus into the hands of Jian Chen. He said, “This is not OK. This third-order magic nucleus is the fourth brother. It's hard to get what you got. Big Brother can do it."Looking back at the third-order magic nucleus in his hands, Jian Chen’s face reveals a faint smile. He also appreciates the behavior of his brother Chang Yang Hu. At least, he doesn’t have to worry about the big brother Chang Yang Hu will be like Third Brother Chang Yang. Grams made it difficult for themselves.Jian Chen once again stuffed the third-order magic nucleus into the hands of the Changyang Tiger. Road: “Brother, this third-order magic nucleus is still for you to use.” This time, Jian Chen really wanted to put this third-order magic nucleus Changyang tiger."No!" Chang Yang Hu refused to be very simple, not the slightest hesitation, forcibly hand in the third-order magic nuggets stuffed into the hands of sword dust, said: "Four brothers, this magic nucleus you keep using it, this is you get a new king The rewards are of extraordinary significance. Big Brother I absolutely cannot."See Big Brother Changyang Tiger repeatedly insisted that the sword dust helpless, only to recover the third-order magic nucleus.Afterwards, Jian Chen, like his brother Chang Yang Hu, inquired about some specific issues in the next college. It took three hours of time. Chang Yanghu gave him detailed explanations of the rules and places that the sword did not understand. In the following, sword dust was finally familiar with Karjas College.The first is the Dean of Kargas College. The dean is notorious for being a civilian student in the college. As long as the children born in the aristocratic families are bullied by civilian students, they absolutely cannot escape the punishment of the dean. In the struggle between the noble disciples, the dean is keeping one eye closed. As long as he does not make too many things, he is irrelevant.In Karjas College, as long as the power of the Holy One can be graduated, graduation can be continued in the College of Kargas, or it can be recommended by Kargath Academy to go to the Kingdom to join the loyalty kingdom, and for some Students with potential will be highly recommended by the college and will receive generous treatment in the kingdom.In the college, students below the Holy One receive a first-order magic nucleus every month for cultivation, and the sacred student who condenses the sacred soldier can receive a second-order magic nucleus every month. To practice, in addition to the regular release of magic nuclei every month, the students can also go to the woods twenty miles away from the University of Kargaz to slay the magic nucleus. Although the woods were small, they also accounted for dozens of kilometers of local circles. All the Warcrafts inside were released by Kargath Academy. They were all low-level Warcrafts, and the attack was also the lowest in all WoW, and it was not easy to be fatal.The purpose of the college's stocking of these low-level World of Warcraft is to train the actual combat ability and field survival ability of the trainees. Those who are the most powerful in World of Warcraft are only second-order only, and a large part of them are just beasts, even the first-order World of Warcraft. The strength has not been reached. However, if there is more than second-order or extremely powerful World of Warcraft, the college will send a master to kill it, so as not to bring harm to the students.The forest is divided into three areas. The first area is a beast whose first-order World of Warcraft has not yet reached its strength. The second area is the first-order World of Warcraft's place of survival, and the third area, in which All are second-order World of Warcraft. Each area was blocked by powerful enchantments arranged by past deceased chiefs, and there was no need to worry that the Warcraft inside would go outside.In the college, there is also a library. The library is divided into seven layers. There are a large number of books in the library. The contents are very rich. In addition to the introduction of the mainland, there are many cheats for cultivation. The powerful students can only enter the first two floors of the library. Once they have reached the power of the Holy One and have conquered the sectaries in their bodies, they are eligible to enter the third and fourth floors, four or more levels, and only the power reaches the Holy One. Or some teachers are eligible to enter.However, after the Changyang Tiger had finished arranging some things in the academy to Jian Chen, the time had come late. After that, Changyang Tiger hurriedly left the sword dust dormitory and ran toward his dormitory.At the same time, at the top of a high tower in the center of the Kargath Academy, the vice-chancellor Bai Enzhen stood in front of a desk with a respectful look, and across from him, it looked like he had seen it with swordsmanship. Dean of Kargas College.The Dean of Kargath College stretched out his hand to touch his usual beard and looked at Vice-President Bahn gracefully, opening his mouth and said: "Bai En, you said that this year's freshman contest has won the first place. Is the new king a boy named Changyang Xiangtian?” The dean’s tone was a hint of surprise.Bai En nodded and said, "Yes, Dean, Changyang Xiangtian I realized that he is not simple. With his eight-story Holy Power, he can easily defeat the rebirth of the nine-story Holy Power. His attack was also very fierce. The move was very fast. He seemed to have very rich experience in fighting. He was completely incompatible with what he was supposed to have. Even the iron tower with his natural power lost to his hands. The defeat was very desolate and there was almost no recourse.”Hearing, the president frowned and said: "Bai En, what you said is true. Changyang Xiangtian really has such a kid.""The dean, Bai En's words are true," said Bai En with a firm voice.The director slowly stood up from his chair and murmured, "It seems that this boy of Changyang Xiangtian is even more genius than what the old man said. Without using any of the heavenly treasures and magic nucleus, he can be in fifteen. The age of reaching the eighth floor of the Holy Power is just amazing enough, but now he has a lot of fighting experience. This can be a bit weird.” With a hint of surprise.After listening to the Dean’s muttering, Bai En’s face also showed a hint of surprise. He did not use any heavenly treasures and magic nuclei, and at the age of fifteen he could achieve the power of the Eight Holy Powers. Such a talent. Looking at the entire Gerson empire is also a genius."Dean, it seems that the future of Changyang Xiangtian is beyond limit." Bai En said with a sigh.The dean nodded and said: "If he can grow smoothly, with the talent he now shows, he will certainly become a strong player in the future. It seems that we can finally get out of a space station on Tianyuan. The strong ones, I hope he can grow up smoothly, do not die halfway.""If he really becomes a strong player on the Tianyuan mainland, then not to mention our college, even our Godson kingdom, the status on the Tianyuan mainland will be very good, and the surrounding countries are now more The more unstable it is, the worse we will be in the past few decades if we do not have some strong players in the kingdom of Gerson. I am afraid that these countries will be attacked sooner or later."After listening to this, Bai En’s face gradually became dignified. Although the kingdom of Gerson is only a small and moderate kingdom, it possesses a fertile land that envy neighboring countries, if not hindered by the kingdom. The six strong players, I am afraid that some of the surrounding countries have already violated.Bai En thought about the meeting and carefully asked: "Dean, then do we have to provide one or two magic nucleus free of charge to Chang Yang Xiangtian for cultivation, and now we have a good relationship with him."Hearing the words, the dean regarded the meeting with a slight smile and then shook his head and said: "This is not to be. Absorbing the energy in the magic nucleus can certainly increase one's strength quickly, but the disadvantages are not absent. Now Changyang Xiangtian is young. Now, he must not be obsessed with relying on the magic nucleus to cultivate. Otherwise, when he advances to the high stage in the future, he will surely hinder his ultimate achievement because of the unstable foundation. Now, with his age, he should be able to temper more. For the promotion of a higher level in the future and lay the foundation for adherence.""Yes, Dean, Bai En knows how to do it." For the Dean's words, Bai En did not dare to violate it in the slightest, and the Dean's words were also very reasonable."Dean, what are you going to do with that tower?" Baien then asked."You will bring the pagoda to me tomorrow morning. If he wants to, I will take him as an apprentice." The dean thought about the meeting and spoke."Yes, Dean!"After Chang Yang Hu left, Jian Chen sat down in bed and meditated. In order to digest some of the news he got, he sat cross-legged on the bed again, holding the third-order magic nucleus in his hand and began to try. Absorb the energy in the magic nucleus and practice it.The energy in the magic nucleus is the essence of each World of Warcraft, not only very pure, but also very powerful. When the sword dust began to absorb the energy in the magic nucleus according to the way Changyang Tiger said, it suddenly felt a very pure The powerful energy emanated from within the magic nucleus and slowly flowed into its own body along its own arms.Jian Chen controls the energy that comes out of the magic nucleus and continues to operate in the body for a week. It constantly refines it into its own energy. When the energy is completely converted into the sacred power it needs, In the end, it took control of this energy slowly to be in Tanjung.Using magic nucleus to practice, the speed is indeed several times that of normal practice. Because the practice of cultivation according to ordinary cultivation methods, the first step is to absorb the gas of the heavens and the earth, and then slowly refining, and eventually become their own energy, but This absorption of heaven and earth is certainly not as fast as absorbing the energy in the magic nucleus, but it is also far from the energy in the magic nucleus. After all, the energy inside the magic nucleus is the essence of a World of Warcraft. So directly absorb the energy within the magic nucleus to practice, the speed is several times or even more than ten times that of ordinary practice, so in the Tianyuan mainland, the magic nucleus is very precious, even if it is a first-order magic nucleus.The colorful glow slowly emerged from the line of heaven and earth, and the fiery sun finally struggling to climb up into the sky, radiating warm and soft sunshine. The golden sun was shining with light, and the light shined on the earth, as if it had been given to the entire ground. A layer of golden carpet.At the same time, the dust in the cross-legged sitting on the bed slowly opened his eyes, the eyes of the eyes of a lack of rejoicing, and the mouth also revealed a faint smile, after a night of practice yesterday, the harvest of sword dust It's huge, and it's more than a few days of cultivation time. Usually, by absorbing the energy in the magic nucleus, the cultivation speed of sword dust is actually ten times that of normal times. Now he has obviously felt that the Holy Spirit has already According to his estimation, many of the people who are growing are not far away from the strength of the ninth floor. According to this speed, at most one more week, they will be able to successfully reach the power of the Holy Spirit.Of course, this is just an estimate of the sword dust.If the sword dust absorbs the energy in the magic nucleus and is ten times that of ordinary cultivation, it is sure to be astonished. Although the magic nucleus can greatly increase the speed of cultivation, it is far from ten times as scary as this. Speed, under normal circumstances, most people use magic nucleus to practice, but it is only two or three times faster than usual. Even if the strength of some people, the speed of cultivation is only six or seven times, and the strength of the sword dust. They have not yet been reached. The speed of absorbing magical nuns is ten times that of terror. This is definitely a very scary speed.Looked at the magic nucleus in his own hands, although the color of the magic nucleus is not the slightest change, but the sword dust clearly feels that this magic nucleus that has been held by oneself in the hand is already a small circle.After leaving the dormitory, the sword dust went directly to the cafeteria. The breakfast in the canteen was richer than usual this morning. In addition to a cup of Warcraft milk, there were some World of Warcraft meat. The Warcraft Meatball Dust was eaten in the Changyang Mansion but it tasted very much. In the past life, sword dust could never have eaten such delicious meat.