At this time, an old man wearing a large red robe stepped out of the crowd and glanced at the hundreds of people who had already surrounded the entire street and had a smile on his face. He smiled and said: “This is really lively. Nearby all the head and shoulders within a thousand miles of strength even gathered here, rare, rare, really too rare, this scene, but the old man has not seen for many years.""Oh, iron the old things, you are not good to stay in your home, nothing went to Fengyang City to do anything." I saw an elderly man with crane hair standing high on the street atop the roof, rushing to the body The old man in Dahongpao drank.Hearing, the old man, who was called the old ghost, smiled coldly and looked at the old man standing on the roof and shouted at him. "Wong Yueshu, since you can all come to Fengyang City, can you not allow me to iron out? .""Oh, iron the old ghost. I didn't calculate it with you five years ago. Taking advantage of this opportunity, it's better to solve the problem thoroughly." Huang commentary looked a little chilly. Staring at the old ironic ghost, Shen Sheng said that the cold killing in the tone was undisguised, leaving many people clearly aware of it."Yes, the account that was written five years ago is indeed a matter of calculation." The man in the red robe sank a little and said, the strong Holy Power emerged from his palm, quickly condensing into two feet long. Machete.Seeing that the situation between the two people has become more and more serious, a middle-aged man standing beside the old man in Hongpao stepped forward and came to the old man in the red robe. “I’m not ironic to you. It’s not a solution to the enmity between you. The time is not as good as waiting for things to deal with, to solve your grudges."The old man in the red robe nodded slightly and said: "Oh, Huang Xieshu, this situation is not yet the time to resolve our grudges, so we will deal with things now and talk about our grievances."The old man of Hefa Tong Yan's eyes blinked slightly in the dust of the sword dust. He was also aware that this time was not the time to solve his personal grudges. Then he coldly said, “Then let it go first.”At this moment, dozens of shadowy buildings on both sides of the pedestrian street from afar are rapidly approaching here, and from the formation they can see, these people are not The same force.And as these people approached, those who stood on the houses on both sides of the street also had to make room for those people.As dozens of people fell on the roof of the house, their eyes were staring at the sword dust that was surrounded by the crowd. One of them said, "This is definitely a cloudless lord."Jian Chen turned to look and saw that the speaker was a middle-aged man wearing a white robe. The middle-aged man had only short hair in length, and the formidable face had a small scar.Jian Chen said: "Yes, I am cloudless, I do not know that you are so motivated to intercept me, in the end what is the matter.""Oh, no clouds, old lady, please tell us what the two fifth-order World of Warcraft corpses are at the auction. Are you taking the auction?” said the man in the red robe with a smile.Jian Chen could not help but smiled a bit, said: "I did not think I could even be an unnamed junior can cause so many forces of concern, actually these things are all clear investigation, yes, the two auction Fifth-order Warcraft is what I took for auction."Although faced with the powerful forces of all parties, but Jian Chen did not have the slightest timid look, fell into the encirclement of hundreds of people, he is still laughing, look calm and calm."Your cloudless, underneath is the deputy governor of Liuyun Jiangge - Zhou Tong, since you have the body of the fifth-order Warcraft, and the magic nucleus in those two bodies must have been on you, we will flow into the cloud Willing to produce a fifth-order magic nucleus at a price that makes you satisfied, I wonder if you can cut your love.”"Of course, if you don't have a cloud to sell us a fifth-order magic nucleus for us, then we will be your friend. If you have no clouds, you may find us in a cloud jiange for you. Solution, I do not know how to cloudless. "Zhou Tong stood on the roof, said with a smile.The tone of the week just fell. Not far away was a dark-skinned man with a tall figure and said, “You, cloudless, we are the people of Yangmen. I don’t like the mother-in-law or explain it directly to you. You have two fifth-order World of Warcraft in your hands, and we also want to buy one for Yangmen. The price will definitely satisfy you. I don't know if you are not willing to buy one for us."Seeing that there have already been two forces that want to have a fifth-order magic nucleus, the remaining forces are not far behind.“Mr. Wu Yun, we are the people of the Orchid family. Although we can not count any big family on the Tianyuan continent, in the city of Huoyun, no one dares to give us a little face of the Orchid family. Cloudless Your willingness to sell a fifth-order magic nucleus to our Orchid family, then our family of Orchids can guarantee the comfort of your cloudless lord in the city of Fire, and absolutely no one will dare to find you in trouble. "The orchid family is talking about a middle-aged man in a luxurious dress."Mr. Cloudless, we are people of the Mutian family...""Mr. Cloudless, we are people of the Cadel family...."Representatives of the many forces present at the scene began to want to buy a fifth-order magic nucleus from the sword dust.Looking at people with at least a dozen forces on the scene, Jian Chen is a face of smile, said: "I'm afraid to let you down, I do not have fifth-order magic nucleus, although the body of the two fifth-order Warcraft is me Taken out of the auction, but it was not what I killed but the two dead bodies found in the wild.”"Oh, no clouds will not have to be concealed, and how precious the corpses of the fifth-order World of Warcraft are, even if it is the strong man of the Sky Sages, it cannot be abandoned. Moreover, we have already observed from the body of the fifth-order Warcraft. Two fifth-order World of Warcraft are part of the cannibalism, and they are picked up by others after losing the two. They can clearly see from the wound that the cheaper person is not strong enough, otherwise, he takes out the magic nucleus. Without making the wound so big, this person must have no doubt that you have no clouds." An old man said with a smile, as if he was in a very friendly conversation with people."It's good to say, Mr. Wuyun, we just want to buy the fifth-order magic nucleus from your hand, and it's not grabbing. Even if you sell it to us, you won't suffer, and the fifth-order magic nucleus will be on you too. If you are insecure, you may even bring disaster to you. Once you sell to us, you can get a large sum of money. With this money, you will be able to buy food and food without worry, and you can buy a lot of money. The magic nuclei will enhance their own strength. In the future, they will be able to break through the Great Holy Master and become a Holy Master in the near future. Why wouldn't you enjoy it?” said Zhou Yunyu, the deputy governor of Liuyun Jiange.