Chapter 188 and the warThe person with the power of the Holy Spirit occupies an absolute superiority in speed. If a great sage has the power of sacred power, I am afraid that even the Holy Master can hardly surpass him in speed. Although Jian Ding's body and method are equally extraordinary, but with the strength of his current senior sages, the speed of most senior and high-level great sages is almost the same, if facing the Holy Master with the power of Holy Spirit, he will not have Any possibility of escape.The rear of the Great Teacher with the power of the Holy Spirit was very fast. Only a few breaths caught up with the sword dust, and a large sword with light blue light flashed as if surrounded by a breeze. A blue light was cut at a very rapid rate toward the back of sword dust.In Jian Chen’s eyes, he was flashing. Now he is about 500 meters away from the group of great followers he is chasing behind. Before the great Masters chase after him, he must resolve this name with the wind attribute. Those who are strong, if not, would once again be trapped in the encirclement of dozens of Grand Masters. It would not be so simple to escape.The silver-white breeze sword appeared in the hands of sword dust almost instantaneously, with a fiercely extreme Jian Qi, lightning stinging back.    "Ding!"The big sword and the breeze sword, wrapped in a light blue wind attribute of Holy Power, collided with each other. This time, the two men obviously shot all their strength. The strong Holy Powers contained in the Holy Soldiers collided with each other. For a circle of visible energy, it quickly spreads in all directions. The buildings that have been affected along the way have suffered various degrees of damage, and several are sitting on both sides of the street to sell low-grade magic nuclei. The bad luck mercenary was directly tumbling by this energy shock."Oh, here's someone fighting here...""Light blue light, it turned out to be the power of the Holy Spirit...""They are far away. Both of these men are masters. If anything is affected, it will be unlucky but we...""The City Guards is coming soon..."    ．．．．．．The fight between the two people caused the streets of the original quiet place to become snaking in an instant, and some weak pedestrians quickly moved away from them, lest they were affected.The light wind sword in the hands of the sword dust continues to pierce, and a sword is faster than a sword. It has already formed an intensive sword shadow in front of him. At this time, he must quickly bring this name to the power of the Holy Spirit. People kill.Unfortunately, a great sage with wind properties is not as good as an ordinary sage. Under the intensive assault of sword dust, this sage teacher with the wind attributed some difficulties, but at least Not being forced into a rush, although the sword of Jian Chen is absolutely faster than his dodge speed and speed, but the wind attribute of the Great Master is just holding the idea of ​​dragging the sword dust, in his blind defense. Under the circumstances, the sword dust is really difficult to kill in a short time.After this delay, the group of great followers have already caught up. Looking at the group of great sages who were rapidly approaching themselves, Jian Chen gritted their teeth and gave up their opponents. Their feet fell on the ground and they continued to flee toward the gates.The Jian Chen fled, and the name of the wind attributed to the Holy Power immediately chased him to entanglement with him, simply do not give the sword dust to escape the opportunity. Under such entanglement, the sword dust quickly fell into the encirclement of a group of great sages."No cloud, this time I see where you still fled!"Although a group of Grand Masters did not belong to the same force, all of them were united at the moment to jointly deal with Jian Chen. Not only people on the ground, but also many people stood on the surrounding buildings to prevent sword dust. Escape from the air.Looking at the group of great sages who once again surrounded themselves, Jian Chen’s face was very dignified. After resisting several people’s attacks, he leapt deeper into a restaurant next to the street."brush brush!"With the flickering of several figures, several great teachers immediately followed the body into the restaurant, and the rest of the people also surrounded the entire restaurant.In the restaurant, just after the several Great Masters entered the room, suddenly, I saw a flash of white light, a narrow long sword, which had been shot from the side at an extremely fast speed, and thrust lightning toward a person.    "Be careful!"Although the first time was noticed, but the speed of the sword is very fast, plus a few of them did not expect the sword dust surrounded by so many people not only did not desperately escape, but ambush here, so When they reacted, it was too late to escape."Oh!"The Breeze Sword pierced the throat of one person and was another Great Teacher. He was killed by sword dust. Then the sword dust immediately pulled out the light wind sword, and the rest of the few people fought together.    bump! bump! bump! . . . . . .Tables and chairs in the restaurant were damaged due to the fighting between the two parties, but fortunately this time is not the peak period of the meal, so the restaurant is empty, and in addition to a few shops, there are not many people dining. The only people who ate in the restaurant immediately stayed away after seeing a few fighters in Jian Chen.Jian Chen had a fierce battle with several great teachers at the gate of the restaurant. There was a small space here. He would not be able to meet the enemy like any outside. Therefore, fighting here will make the dust of the sword dust easier."Several uncles, I beg you to go outside to fight. The shop can't stand you tossing." The treasurer dressed in Chinese clothes grieved with a face, and said to a few people with a begging. And that few shop two, also ran to the feet early and squatted, dare not say a word."Boom!"At this time, two loud noises came and the whole wall of the restaurant suddenly collapsed. Then I saw several great sage teachers rushing in from the outside to kill the sword dust.Jian Chen’s face changed slightly. At the moment, there were already ten Grand Masters in the restaurant. At the same time, facing ten Grand Masters, he also felt very hard. Jian Chen did not fight, his feet fell on the ground, the whole body went up and directly hit the wooden floor of the restaurant's head through a big hole and went to the second floor of the restaurant."Chasing!"Ten of the Great Masters also knocked through the wooden floor above their heads, followed by the second floor.However, as soon as one of them had just reached the second floor and had not yet seen the surrounding scenery, a subtle burst of sound came from behind, and from the back of his back he pierced his neck.Immediately afterwards, the silvery sword light flickered again, again piercing the throat of one person not far away.In a short time, the sword dust killed the two people by lightning. At this time, the rest of the people also reflected that when they saw the two people's fate, everyone sweated coldly, but in the heart they felt secretly glad that fortunately, the target of the sword dust was not they, otherwise In this situation, they are not sure they can survive."Now the power of the Holy Spirit in the body is already only about half. If it is so full of effort, it will not last long. Now I must retain my strength to escape and I cannot continue to struggle with them. If I can escape, I will not be able to escape. It's exhausted, so I'm going to break it here today.” The plan was quickly made in the mind of the sword dust. Now that everyone is on the alert, he has lost a good opportunity to make it as easy as before. .Such an approach, if we continue to use it for the second time, does not work at all. If a person has suffered a loss, he may still suffer a second loss.Thought of this, the sword dust immediately broke through the window and entered the backyard of the restaurant from the window on the second floor of the restaurant, and immediately rushed toward a well in the corner of the backyard.