Chapter 189 Escape from DangerJust after the sword dust reached the wellhead, suddenly, a mass of white objects popped out of the window of the second floor of the restaurant and shot straight toward the sword dust.The sword dust stabbed on this white object with his backhanded sword. Suddenly, he saw a large mass of white powder exploding out of this group of white objects. The dust of the sword was quickly covered.However, Jian Chen did not have the slightest worry, let this group of white powder contaminated himself, he is a body with a lot of poison and no invasion, although it has not reached the perfect stage, but it can also be immune to most of the world's toxins.Jian Chen directly punched a stone slab covering the wellhead. With the bang of "Hang", the slate slab with a thick palm was directly torn apart by the sword dust, revealing the black wellhead inside and then the sword. Dust did not hesitate, jumped in immediately.In the backyard of the restaurant, people from all over the world leapt forward and eventually gathered at the wellhead. There were a total of 28 people.More than 30 of the great sages who circumnavigated the sword dust are currently only 28 of them."The good guy actually jumped into the well and now we should do it." Looking at the black hole at the wellhead, an old man in black robes said quietly, his face was extremely ugly.“These wells in Fengyang City are all connected. Thousands of wells in Fengyang City link up with a huge cistern in the bottom. He can escape from this well to anywhere in Fengyang City. "A naked, dark-skinned man relents. He belonged to the Black Ming family and belonged to the local forces of Fengyang City. Therefore, these conditions are much clearer than those of foreign forces."Then what we should do now, do not follow this well to chase it." An old man sinking this road, some undecided ideas.“I don’t look right. Although there is only the strength of the senior sages, his fighting power must have been seen with his own eyes. On the ground, even if two or three people join forces, they are not his opponents. If they enter the water, they will This will not only greatly hinder our actions, but will also have a very big impact on our sights. Once we follow this well, I am afraid that not only will we not be able to catch people, but we will also lose a lot of manpower. "The man he spoke was a middle-aged man dressed in a luxurious white robe and embroidered with gold silk. The whole person exudes a noble temperament.An old eagle sighed heavily, and some couldn't be reconciled: “I just let him run away. The combat skills on him are definitely a very advanced combat technique. The speed of the senior sages was so fast that we, many of us, could not catch him.""Yes, it's rare to meet a man of such a weak ability with a combat skill. This is a very narrow opportunity for us. We must not let it go so easily. After we get the combat skills, we will all be able to People will jointly realize the mysteries of this. This will benefit us all. Finally, the two five-order magic nucleus, although equally precious, will be far worse than the fighting skills. Those deep battles Skills can not only be bought with money," said a middle-aged man wearing a white robe and said that he was the Mutian family."Yeah, we can't easily give up this combat technique, but no cloud has jumped into the middle. Through this well, he can reach any place in Fengyang City. Fengyang City is so big. We want to be in the vast sea. It's not that simple to look for someone. I think we all can't just escape from him while we are watching."The situation under the well is unknown, and the light is dark. We can't say where the clouds are hiding in the ambush. We just wait for us to get hooked. This is really dangerous..."There was a lot of talk from a group of people. For this combat technique, everyone was jealous of their hearts and they were bound to get it. But everybody was greedy and afraid of death. They were all worried that they would have to suffer in the well. After all, all of them are not fools. They all know the truth. Although combat skills are precious, if even their lives are lost, they will be counted in advanced combat skills. They will not enjoy them.Looking at the voice of the crowd, a smile on the face of an old man wearing a linen cloth slowly raised his left hand and saw a small snake about one finger thick emerging from the large sleeveless gown. The old man stretched his hand and gently stroked the snake's head, slowly said: "You do not have to worry, no clouds can not escape." The tone is full of incredible confidence.The entire underground area of ​​Fengyang City is a natural water reservoir. It links all the wells in Fengyang City and supplies the entire city with water.At this moment, in the reservoir below the ground, a figure body is as flexible as a fish, and it is a sword dust that jumps from a well in the backyard of the restaurant.Because it is under the ground, so the surrounding space is a dark, coupled with the block of water on the line of sight, almost hands out of sight.According to the map in the brain, Jian Chen swam quickly and quickly in one direction. Although here the darkness did not reach out, the sword dust, with a powerful god, could already faintly detect the distance to a radius of ten feet.During these days in Fengyang City, Jian Chen has also changed the environment in Fengyang City. This way of escape is that the sword dust has been planned for a long time. Once he is caught in a desperate situation, he will be able to escape. The use of jump-jumping escapes through this well-connected underground reservoir that links all the wells in Fengyang City. He can arbitrarily reach any place in Fengyang City that has a well.However, with the strength of the senior sage division of Jian Chen, the long-time jealousy for him is simply as simple as eating. Even if he stays in the water for a few moments, he will not have any problems.The sword dust traveled three times in the underground reservoir. After more than 20 kilometers away from the previous site, it only swam upwards. After some searching, it finally passed a width of about two meters. The channel broke out of the water.The head just emerged from the water, and the sword dust breathed into the fresh air outside. After three hours of turbulence, the sword dust also felt some difficulty. After the air had come to an end, swords dust palms patted the water. The whole body rushed toward the wellhead like a shell.Volley turned upside down, and the sword dust settled on the side of the crystal. It was too late to wipe the constant drop of water in the hair and immediately looked around carefully.Here is a small courtyard, not far away still hanging a few pieces of washed dry quiet clothes, surrounded by empty, and there is no figure."Fortunately, nobody looks like it should be a small family's backyard." Jian Chen combed his wet hair and immediately removed all his hair with a light wind sword, leaving only the length of the inch."I don't know what happened outside. I'm afraid that the local forces have already sent a large number of people to look around for me. It's not far from the restaurant. I immediately left here." Jian Chen immediately started to dress up. When he got up, his previous appearances had been washed down by the well water in the underground reservoir, so at this moment, his face was restored to his original shape, and the wet and short hair was short and matched with his handsome face. It does not look like it has a unique charm.The sword dust didn't hesitate, the body's sacred power worked, evaporated the body's vapor, and immediately took out a set of clothes from the space belt, and on the wounds of the body, now he has no time to deal with, only with some The strips are wrapped. After all, this is the backyard of someone else’s home. Maybe the host’s time will come back. Once the owner discovers that there is a stranger in the backyard of his own home, it will surely cause some trouble.Therefore, it is not appropriate to stay here for a long time. The sooner you leave, the better.After everything was ready and it was confirmed that there was no omission, the sword dust left this courtyard, passed through several small alleys, finally reached a densely populated street, and resolved the geographical position, continuing to the direction of the gate. Do not hesitate to go.Now his appearance is no longer cloudless, so at this moment he is not afraid of being recognized by others.