Chapter 197 HillsTen days later, Jian Chen finally left his bed for more than half a month, standing barefoot on the ground. Jian Chen looked down at the large linen cloth on his eyes. This linen was apparently worn by Roscoco, and his clothes were very large on the sword dust.Jian Chen took out a set of clothes he had previously prepared from the space belt and then took off the Roscoco's clothes. However, when the sword dust had just taken off his clothes, his face suddenly froze, His eyes stared straight at his skin.I saw that the skin on him now is not as white and tender as usual. At the moment, the color of his entire body's skin surface appears dark red and looks very strange.Looking at the color of his own body, the sword dust stayed blank and a very strange look appeared in his eyes. He was also very puzzled by the situation on his body.A moment later, in the brain of Jian Chen’s brain, a sudden flash of light flashed through the memory and suddenly revealed information about the status quo."This is a phenomenon in which the anti-viral factors in the blood of the silver wire snake have completely merged with the flesh. Is it that in my ten days of time lying in bed, my poisonous body has not reached the point of invading? Perfect stage." Jian Chen exclaimed, his voice was filled with excitement and excitement.From the moment he absorbed the antiviral factors in the blood of Silver Wire Snake, it has been more than a year since then. His venomous inviolability has finally reached the perfect stage. Now, his body Can we call it a real million poison does not invade the body."With this venomous and non-aggressive body, I will not be afraid of poisoning as long as it is no more poisonous than the silver-silver thread snake." Jian Chen is very excited because he looks at the entire Tianyuan mainland. After the tens of thousands of highly toxic, the toxicity of the Silver Wire Snake can definitely be ranked in the top ten. Among the known virulent viruses in the world, there is absolutely no more than ten poisons that are more toxic than the Silver Wire Snake. Species, and these kinds of highly toxic, each is a very rare thing.“According to the book, when the poisonous body does not invade the body to reach the perfect stage, the whole body will become dark red and will last for a half month to a month. After that, the color will be Gradually disappearing and returning to a normal skin tone, it does not mean that my face is now completely turned into such a dark red color.” Jian Chen lowered his head and muttered to himself, but unfortunately he did not have a mirror now, otherwise, he also Really want to look in the mirror to see if his face is also a dark red.After replacing himself with the clothes he brought out of the space band, Jian Chen folded Rosco's linen over and placed it next to a clean cupboard and walked out.With a bang, Jian Chen pushed away the wooden door, which was a bit old. When the sun came in, this slightly dim cabin had some light.At this time, look at the direction of the sun in the sky, because it is time for noon. The outside of the hut was a small courtyard. The dry earth on the ground had already cracked the spider-like cracks. On the other side of the sword dust, there were several wooden cabins. And farther away, there is a large and small hut with a large number of huts scattered around it. The colors are somewhat old. Several young children are running happily in a wide place. Silver bell laughter.Jian Chen walked out of the cabin. This was the first time he had been here since he came here to see the environment. This is a small village with a very remote location. The number can tell that there are not many people living in this small mountain village."Rosco, the harvest is really good today. This was only one morning. We had two wild boars. It was enough for our whole village to eat for several days.""Yeah, it seems we don't have to go out hunting tomorrow, so we can comfortably stay at home for two days. It's easy and relaxed.""If there is such a good luck every day then it will be good, so that we will certainly have more comfortable life in the future."At this time, distant voices were voiced into the ears of sword dust. When the reputation of the sword dust went, they saw that Roscoe, who had saved himself, was walking from a distance with several similarly burly Hans. Two of them came from far away. On his shoulders, he was carrying a huge wild boar, and he looked at that head. At one end, he weighed at least 100 kilograms.At this time, Roscoe in the distance also discovered the sword dust standing in front of the door and said far enough to say, "Oh, boy, can you get out of bed after you have a good injury?"Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "I would like to thank the uncle for his concern. I have a good medicine for healing. After these ten days of nursing, my injury has completely recovered."Several middle-aged men standing next to Roscoe also found sword dust. Immediately, someone said with a smile: “Rosco, some time ago, I heard that you saved someone from the waterfront and it was saved by you. Is this little brother?"Roscot smiled and nodded. Soon, several people came to the side of Jian Chen. Roscoe stretched his fingers and pointed to Jian Chen. “The little brother’s name is Jian Chen. Although the younger brother is younger, You must not underestimate him. Oh, his life can be hardened. At first, he suffered such a heavy injury. I thought he could not live yet, but I didn't expect it. Only ten days later, I would have lived it again. Standing here, it's not just that we can match it.""Oh, right? It seems that the little brother of Jian Chen is also very powerful."After listening to these words, the rest of the middle-aged Hans began to laugh and all seemed very kind.Roscoe said to the sword dust again: "Little brother, let me introduce you. These are the men in this village. This is Fang Yungang. This is the process. The last one is Qiu Jiejie."Jian Chen smiled at the archers in front of several people and was also called hello."You're back, er, it seems that your harvest is quite good today. In the short period of time, two wild boars were hit." At this moment, the voice of a woman was not far away, only one person was seen. Wearing a commoner, a middle-aged woman with a very ordinary appearance walked out from a wooden hut not far away."My little brother, come, let me introduce you to this." Roscoe took one hand on Jian Chen's shoulder, and the other pointed to the middle-aged woman who was approaching and said, "This is my wife. The name is Fang Hui."“Hello, Daxie!” Jian Chen greeted Fang Hui’s friendly greeting. For this first member of Roscoe’s, Dust’s is the first time he saw it, but in the ten days, he’s not I heard the voice of Fang Hui.Fang Hui's eyes fell on Jian Chen’s face and smiled. “Good handsome boy, I knew that my family Roscoe had saved a man from Jiangzhong and it was the first time I saw you today. It was a long, handsome man, but how was your face so red?""Yeah, little brother, I have also discovered that your face has become red more and more in the past few days. Do you have nothing to do? Is it because of the sequelae caused by the injury?" Roscoe asked with a puzzled look."Take it easy, Uncle, this is estimated that I use drugs, it's okay." Jian Chen did not care about waving."Oh, that's good." Roscoe immediately retired, and continued: "Now it's almost time for dinner. Little brother, since you've recovered now, go with us for lunch." ”