The one hundred and ninety-fifth chapter is not deadAs the sword dust gradually opened its heavy eyelids, the blurred scene gradually became clear. The first thing that caught the eye was the roof made of pieces of earthy material on the roof. Some of the gaps were full of spider webs. A few spiders crawled up and down and enjoyed the food trapped on the spider web.The sword dust is almost moving around with the meaning. The surrounding scene is clearly visible in the eyes of Jian Chen. This is a small house. The light in the house is slightly dim, but it is still clear. See the furnishings inside the house.The furnishings in the house are very simple. Apart from a few wooden cabinets and several small stools that can be seen at a glance, the rest is nothing. The ground is not entirely a marble paved floor, but is made up of a dry, hard soil.“Where is this place!” Looking at the surrounding scenes, between the somewhat exhausted look of Jian Chen, a hint of doubt appeared. Then the slightly dizzy brain ache slightly, and the memory before it emerged from the depths of the brain like a tidal wave. , The composition of a picture frame is reproduced in the sword dust brain.Jian Chen vaguely remembers that after being hammered by the old man who possessed the power of the Holy Master, he fell into the water, and then fell into a coma, and he did not know anything about what happened afterwards."I did not die, it seems that I was saved." The immediate situation the sword dust quickly figured out, the moment is a little excitement in the heart, in the original situation, he thought he was dead. However, he did not expect that he did not die after falling off the cliff."The family of the Harry Potter and those who siege me in Fengyang City will never let you go." When the dust in the head of the sword recalled the scene before it, there was an anger of hatred in the eyes. The fists were pinched tightly, and the names of more than ten stocks of strength were already in mind.When the dust of the sword dust was tight, a painful sensation came from the back, and the uncontrollable throat of the now-pained sword dust gave a deep squeaky squeak and his face was slightly pale.After a moment, when the pain was over, Jian Chen took a deep breath, so lying on the bed and wiggling his head to look at himself and found that he had now changed his linen cloth, and he could clearly feel himself. Several wounded parts of the body were bandaged.However, when Jian Chen's eyes fell on his waist, his face suddenly changed dramatically, and his space belt had disappeared.“My space belt?” The eyes of Jian Chen finally showed a flustered look, all his belongings, and the inheritance of his mother Pik Wan and his father gave him the space ring, and that After his efforts, at least hundreds of thousands of amethyst coins obtained in various ways can be found in his space belt. Now that the space belt is lost, it is simply his life.Moreover, there are a large number of fourth-order magic nucleus and two fifth-order magic nucleus in the space belt, which are all important and important things in the practice of sword dust.Some of the quivering eyes of the sword dust swam around in the slightly dark room, trying to find his own space belt here, but in the end it was a disappointment in his face. He could not find a shadow in the space belt at all.As the dust from the space dust belt became impatient, a footstep was heard from outside the house. Then, with a buzzing sound, the wooden door of the room was opened. A middle-aged man in a shorts, wearing a shorts, came from outside. Came in.The middle-aged man's face was simple and honest, but he looked very ordinary. When the middle-aged man entered the house, he saw the sword dust that had awakened. His face could not help but smile, saying: “You finally woke up, you It's coma for two days and two nights. If you don't keep breathing, I think you're dead."The sight of sword dust fell on the middle-aged man and immediately said: "My belt is in my space."Looking at the look of the sword dust, the middle-aged man smiled. Then he walked to a cupboard next to the sword dust. He reached out and opened the lid of the cupboard, and took out a style space belt from the inside, and then washed it out. The sword dust said: "Your space belt has been put here by me, young man, do not worry, we will absolutely not move your things." Said the space belt will be handed to the sword dust.The sword dust took over the space belt and immediately checked the contents of it. After discovering that several important things were not lost, it finally relieved.Looking at the middle-aged man again, at this moment, Jian Chen’s eyes on the middle-aged Han have been much softer and said: “Is it you saved me?”The middle-aged man moved a stool and sat on the bedside of Jian Chen. He smiled and said: “When I went fishing in the river two days ago, I saw you covered with blood floating in the water, and it was not dead, so Just saved you back."“Thank you for saving me.” Jian Chen looked at the middle-aged man with some grateful eyes, and his tone was very sincere.The middle-aged man shook his head and said: "I don't thank you, I don't thank you. Boy, your life is really big. I see you are so severely injured. You haven't died yet, especially your back. But even the bones are exposed. I am such a long man. I can see for the first time that someone has suffered such a heavy injury.”"Yes, young man, you've been in a coma for two days and two nights. You're hungry. I'll get some food for you," continued the middle-aged man.Jian Chen slightly nodded: "That trouble you uncle." Did not eat for two days, Jian Chen's stomach really hungry.Afterwards, the middle-aged man had a bowl of rice and some meat for sword dust. After eating these things, Jian Hun’s hungry stomach was relieved. Then he rested on the grounds of rest and let the middle-aged man. left.After the middle-aged man left, Jian Chen slowly closed his eyes and began silently recovering from his depleted gods. In order to cope with the old man's pursuit, Jian Chen’s method of using the sword of God will almost be His own god was overdrawn. Although the coma over the past two days has brought him a little recovery, it still does not have much effect.Now, he must first restore his god to the peak to control the sacred stone for healing.During the restoration of sword dust to the gods, the middle-aged man also visited several times, but he saw Jian Chen “asleep” and did not bother him.Soon afterwards, the nightmare general, sword dust lying in bed for more than two hours, but not the slightest movement. Until the morning of the second day when the sun rises, the sword dust that is lying on the bed with his eyes closed finally woke up.After this many nights of recovery, his over-destructive god finally recovered eight levels, but perhaps he was too serious in the past two days. If he does not receive two or three days of warming, his God is It is difficult to return to its peak in a short time.Subsequently, the sword dust immediately control the light of the Holy power to treat their injuries.