“This is the case.” Jian Chen’s face became a bit gloomy. According to the old man’s wife, if he did not remove the hundred miles of the shadowy toner on his body, it was definitely not within the distance from the old man in the Baili Village. The only solution to his pursuit was to first kill the snake in the hands of the old man. The most safe way is to get rid of the old man. Only in this way can he hope to escape.Thought of this, Jian Chen eyes flashed a stern murderous, and then no longer nonsense, silver white wind sword appeared in the hands almost instantly, and later into a silver-white pipeline toward the old wood to stab.The old man laughed at Zhangyue’s grave. For the sudden arrival of Jian Chen’s, he had been prepared for it. He saw his stature immediately retreat. At the same time, a one-meter-long scepter appeared in his hand, blocking the sword dust prick. Long sword."Everyone will be careful, this time, don't let him run away again."As soon as the sword dust started, the remaining more than 20 great sage divisions also jumped at the same time. In the air, all of them almost simultaneously waved their swords to the sword dust, and saw only more than twenty sacred soldiers who had escaped Jian Qi. Bondage, shot toward the sword dust.The light wind sword suddenly burst into a strong Jianmang, and the rich Jianmang had completely concealed the light wind sword's original touch. Then, the light wind sword was swung into a sword by the sword dust. Shadow, instant no less than a layer of impenetrable sword net around, blocking the Jianqi around to shoot.Boom! boom! boom! boom! ......With a series of violent roars, the position of Jian Chen was suddenly overwhelmed by Jian Qi, and the aftershocks of Jian Qi blew into the ground, stirring up dust from the sky.When more than 20 Grand Masters had just landed on the ground, eight of the most powerful people immediately swarmed their sacred soldiers and rushed toward the smoke and dust, and the rest of them carefully placed their hands around. Prevent sword dust from escaping again.When the sacred soldiers of the eight Great Masters were about to be cut into the dusty place, suddenly a silvery light burst out of the dust, and this silver-white light was unbelievably fast, as if it were alone. He flew in the air and quickly circled the eight people without any control and disappeared. Only in the eight people's neck, left a shallow blood mark.At the same time, the entire body of the eight Great Masters suddenly stagnated, and then gradually rose from the neck and gradually expanded. Soon, at the neck of the eight Great Masters, bright red The blood is like a fountain, surging out, and the last eight people fall to the ground at the same time.A white acoustic shadow rushes out of the dust that is still dissipating. The sword dust tube no matter what the great sage, the physique sweeps over the old man toward the old man."Oh!"The Breeze Sword pierced the sky with sharp sword air, and the sharp tip of the sword cut through the air and made a subtle burst of sound. It straightened toward the old man of the coffin.As for the attack of sword dust, the old man who had been playing with wood had always had a vigilant mind. At this crucial moment, the old man's face did not show the slightest flustered look, and his stature relapsed again. At the same time, the entire neck struggled to the side. At the same time, the crutches were knocked to the light wind sword in the hand.    "Ding!"The crutches collided with the breeze sword and gave a subtle dull sound. The breeze sword was knocked from the side with a crutch and suddenly stabbed. However, the sword was very fast, and the breeze sword immediately chased and swept directly. past."Oh!"The breeze sword, the sharp sword dust, wiped the old man's neck and swept past. The old man of the Grand Master class of the elm was killed under the full force of Jian Chen's shot.At this time, a giant sword struck from the rear and slammed it on the back of the sword dust. The whole body of Jian Chen was taken a few paces forward by the sword's giant sword. On his back, a knife and a half meter long pimple wound appeared on his back. The bone was visible in deep red blood. The outflow from the body, soon after the sword dust that changed for the next piece of clothing rendered a red blood.At the first sight of Jian Chen’s injuries, the eyes of those who were on the periphery were bright. They immediately rushed toward Jian Chen, and a few people stepped forward and came to the front of the sword. In any order, cut from different directions toward swordsman dust."Since you want to die, then I will fulfill you." Jian Chen's face traced a trace, and now his body is wounded in a row, not only has caused a great impression on combat effectiveness, but also has been exerting himself for so long. The force is now running out, and now if he wants to escape from here, he will only play the final hand.Suddenly, a more fierce Jian Qi gushed from the breeze sword. Then, the breeze sword escaped from the palm of the sword dust and turned into a lightning bolt, colliding with the three sacred soldiers who were about to see the sword dust. Together."Hey....."With the sound of three sounds of steel colliding, the extremely fast speed gave the light wind sword a powerful force. When the three sacred soldiers collided with the light wind sword, the powerful force from the light wind sword was directly The three sacred soldiers took a few steps back. Then they looked pale and pale. They looked at some horrors and looked at the sgargo soldiers. They saw the place where the light wind sword touched the sacred soldier. A small gap had already appeared. .Although it was only a small gap, the impact on the hearts of the three people was immense. His own sacred troops were even damaged. And the sacred soldiers were connected with their masters. Now that the sacred soldiers were wounded, the three of them also suffered certain damage."Oh!"The light wind sword brought a subtle sound of broken air and continued to shoot at the rest of the people. It was incredibly fast, and it was just like real lightning.Under the control of sword dust, the breeze sword stopped the sacred soldiers cut off by the other 20 Great Masters, and then thought about their throat cuts.Oh! puff! puff! .....In just one photograph, seven people were killed on the spot by a light wind sword to cut the throat. When this scene was seen, the rest of the people changed their faces and quickly waved their weapons to resist the attack of the light wind sword."Asshole, this is what attack moves, how the sword will fly by itself, and the speed is so terrible." After a dangerous attack of the light breeze sword, an old man with a slightly pale face can not resist the birth of the curse. Then, looking at the weapon in his hand, there is already a small gap.The rest of the crowd, after discovering the breeze sword that flew in the air alone, were shocked one after another. This scene was simply unbelievable to them.In the face of Jianfeng, a sword of light wind controlled by the method of the Sword of God, the rest of the great sage members insisted on a few breathing time. Only a few people died when they died. On the ground, they were lying down. A total of 20 Grand Masters who have their throat cut by a light wind sword.At this time, the rest of the great sage divisions were also scared, and they no longer read out their minds. They rushed to the distance with the fastest speeds. One of them was covered in a light blue wind. The power of Saint enveloped this, and flickered between the flicker of hundreds of meters. It was very fast."Oh!"The sword dust did not intend to let them go. The breeze sword turned into a flash of lightning and chased it up at a faster speed. In the blink of an eye, it caught up with the man who had the power of the Holy Spirit and escaped the fastest. The throat runs straight through the back of the neck.After killing the crowd, the Breezes sword made a circle in the air and immediately turned to continue shooting toward the remaining few people.In the face of the incomparable speed of the breeze sword, the remaining members of the Grand Master were not spared. In the end, they all died under the breeze sword.There were more than thirty Grand Masters, and it was not until this moment that they finally fell.