Chapter 194 Fallen Cliff“Hey, the old man is not so good to deal with the great sage.” Looking at the breezy sword coming to the face, the old man's face showed a slight disdain, and the trajectory of the palm of the sword dust neck was changed. The blue sacred power shoots toward the breeze sword.    "Snapped!"The old man's palms slapped on the breeze sword, and the breeze sword flew to the side more than ten meters without any opposition.At the same time, the old man's face changed slightly, and his eyes looked at his palms in amazement. He saw the palm of his hand on the light wind sword, which had been covered with pale blood marks.Looking at the wounds on his palms, the old man was slightly lost and his face looked incredible. Then he took a deep breath. His eyes looked a little complicated and looked at Jian Chen. When he was about to speak, he was just being old. The breeze sword, which took more than ten meters, was once again turned into a lightning bolt and quickly shot toward the old man.The old man's face changed slightly, his body shook slightly, and he instantly moved away to a distance of three meters. The light wind sword finally pierced his afterimage.However, the breeze sword is very fast. When the old man just escaped, the light breeze sword immediately turned around in the air and turned back, again stabbing the old man.The old man looked cold and emerged with the power of the pale blue holy power on the palm of his hand, and suddenly fused into a pale blue hammer.The hammer is not large. It is about the size of an adult's head. It is covered with barbs that glow with a faint blue light. There are two-foot-long handles on top, with some strange lines.The old man wielded the hammer with one hand and squatted toward the light wind sword.    "Ding!"With the sound of clapping in a crisp steel collision, the hammer seems to carry a thousand-strong force to the breeze sword, flying the breeze sword far away.At the same time, there was also an unpleasant squeaky sensation in the throat of the sword dust. The pale face that had originally appeared was like a piece of white paper with no trace of blood."Without clouds, I will ask you the last sentence. In the end, I will not give up combat skills. The next time I shoot, I will not be merciless." Some of the eyes stared at the dust, and the old man said quietly.In fact, the old man himself can not be sure that combat technology is not in the end of the sword dust, so for a time he really did not dare to kill the sword dust, because he also understands that as long as the sword dust is still alive, even if he does not surrender combat skills He can also take the other person back, and there are ways to get the news they want from his mouth. Once he kills people, he is very likely to get nothing.The sword dust looked a little cold and stared at this old man, and gritted his teeth: "The Harry family, I remember, I wonder if you dare to tell me your name."Hearing, the old man's face showed a slight disdain. "What, you still want to take revenge, er, if you don't have the strength of the great sage, you would like to find us in the revenge of the Harry family. It's a foolish dream, since you If you want to know my name, it wouldn't hurt to tell you. Remember, the old man is yelling at Kazalar.""Hey - Qazarar, I remember." Jian Chen said in a hate, the voice just fell, and the light wind sword flew from far away and continued to shoot at the old man.See Jian Chen did not give up the meaning of fighting skills, the old man also flashed a glimmer of eye color, and finally lost the heart of that last point of patience, the hands of the hammer suddenly burst out of a pale blue sacred power, with A squealing sound of broken air blew toward the light wind sword.Just when the light wind sword was about to collide with the hammer, the breezy sword's trajectory was an incredible trajectory, like a flexible snake, avoiding the old man's hammer and stabbing his throat. go with.At the same time, Jian Chen’s feet also squatted on the ground. The whole body was like a shell and quickly fled to the distance."Hey! The little insects are tricks." The old man cried coldly, and the hammer immediately changed the angle of attack. The tail followed the breeze, and the whole body also moved half a meter away with the pace of the foot. It just escaped the light. Wind sword attack.And in this blink of an eye, Jian Chen fled to 50 meters away, and immediately under the control of his god, the light wind sword turned into a silvery light and flew back to his hands instantly.Watching the sword dust that has fled to 50 meters away, the old man finally saw a glimpse of murder. A sage division in front of him, in front of his earthly sage, was just like an ant's frailty. He was left in his eyes, and now, in his eyes, only the ant-like sword dust actually escaped in his hands, which was a shame to him."It must be better for you to die if you seize me." The old man chased him with a gloomy look.The speed of the Holy Master is no doubt much faster than that of the sword dust. In a short distance of 50 meters, only two breathing times are pulled into the distance of twenty meters.At this time, the breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust once again turned into a flash of lightning, and the speed of the old man stabbed toward the rear.For the sword dust attack, the old man despite the strength of the earth teacher, but did not dare to have the slightest disdain, body slightly shook, escaped to open. With his dodging, his progress rate has become slower.The Breeze Sword instantly folds in midair, piercing from behind to face the old man.In the old man's eyes, there was a trace of anger, and the hammer in his hand, with a strong Holy Power, nearly slammed towards the rear, and it seemed that he would smash the light breeze sword.Breezy sword a smart turn, once again bypassing the old man's attack."Boom!"The old man's blow was so overwhelming that he couldn't easily recover the iron mouth. Eventually, the hammer slammed on the ground, and the powerful sacred power that was contained in it broke out and hit the ground directly. Into a two-meter deep pit.Jian Chen recovered the breeze sword and continued to rush all the way to the distance.Subsequently, this scene repeated repeatedly, Jian Chen rushed forward in full force, just control the Lan wind sword to harass the old man from a distance, so that he simply can not catch up with himself.This chase after another had continued for about an hour. When Jian Chen ran to a mountain, he finally had to stop because he had already reached a cliff.After this hour of mad rush, coupled with God's use of God to control the breeze sword constantly harassed the old man, so that the sword dust almost exhausted, but for his strong willpower tenacious to support himself, he may fear Has fallen early. After all, the consumption of God by God's Imperial Sword is really too great.Now, the clothes of the sword dust have been completely flushed with blood from the wounds on the body. Because God has consumed too much, the head of the sword dust is drowsy, as if it were not sleeping for days and nights. People like to wait for them to fall to sleep now."Well, this turned out to be a cliff!" Strongly supporting his own body does not let himself fall, Jian Chen looked at the bottom of the cliff in front of this, a heart suddenly sank, and in the eyes, also Finally revealed a desperate look.He was not afraid of death. Just because he died like this, he was very reconciled. Moreover, in this world, he also had the most love for his mother and his older brother Chang Yang Hu and his second sister Chang Yang Ming Yue."Hybrid, you give me death!"At this time, a loud scream of anger was heard from the rear. I saw that the old man who had the strength of the Holy Master quickly came behind the sword dust, and the hammer hit the back of the sword dust. .    "bump!"The sword dust was exhausted. For the old man's strike, he had no strength to escape. He eventually flew forward with an old one and fell into a cliff.Looking at the sword dust that disappeared in his eyes, the old man's face changed slightly. He had just been irritated by his anger and had not seen the terrain at all. So it was only at this moment that he suddenly discovered that the front was a dark place. The bottom of the cliff.“This is actually a cliff, I, I actually hit him to the end of the cliff, finished, I ... my fighting skills .....” See the terrain, the old man's face suddenly regret.