Chapter 199 AgainIn an instant, another half-month passed, and now it has been more than a month since the sword dust arrived in Huangjiacun. In this two-month period, sword dust seldom stepped out of the door step and spent the whole day trapping himself in the log cabin to devote himself to the promotion of strength, only every two or three days, or three times. After four days, he went out to eat a meal. Despite this, he did not stay too much outside. As soon as the meal was finished, he immediately returned to the chalet and continued to practice. He seldom appeared in front of outsiders.After this half-monthly cultivation, the power of the Holy Spirit in the sword dust is also growing at a very rapid rate. At the same time, the consumption of magic nuclei in his space belt is also very fast, but fortunately It was before he had prepared three or four full-scale magic nuclei, and there were also some magic nuclei in the space belts collected from the several Great Masters of Fengyang City. Therefore, in a short period of time, the sword dust would not have to worry about. Magic core is not enough consumption. Moreover, in his space ring, there are two fifth-order magic nucleus. Just these two fifth-order magic nucleus are enough to be worth more than one hundred fourth-order magic nucleus. So many magic nucleus plus It was enough to upgrade his strength to the stage of the Great Teacher.Now, the strength of the sword dust has reached the peak of the senior sages, and there is only one layer of paper-weak pellicles blocking the distance.At this last minute, Jian Chen stopped his cultivation and slowly opened his eyes. At this moment, his plain sight, but with a little excitement, the Great Teacher, he should have broken through more than a month ago. However, because of hidden dangers in the body, he had to postpone the breakthrough. Once he broke through to the Great Teacher, he had enough power to solve the enmity of the Tianxiong family in Wak City.Taking a deep breath, Jian Dan slowly calmed down the inner heart that stirred the mood, and then from the space belt took out more than a dozen children fist size of the fourth-order magic core out of the front of the legs placed in order to make their own breakthrough Needs.Because at the critical moment of the breakthrough, the energy required is very large, and then there is no extra time for him to take the magic nuclei from the space belt, so these things must be ready before the breakthrough.After everything was adequately prepared, the two hands of the sword dust gripped a fourth-order magic nucleus. Slowly closing their eyes, they entered the cultivation state again.In an instant, another day passed. At noon, Roscoe and his wife, Fang Hui, and two children were sitting in the house and eating lunch.“This practice of swordsmanship is too hard. In this half a month’s time, it is almost every two or three days to eat a meal. I don’t know how he can afford it. This time has been a full four days. As time went by, Jian Chen hadn't stepped out of the door yet. Hey, I'm really worried that he would get sick later.” Looking through the door, not far away, a wooden cabin closed with wooden doors, Fang Hui Shaking his head and sighing said that the tone of his voice even had a worried look.Hearing, Ross Kehaha smiled and said, "You haven't touched the power of the Holy Spirit. You never thought of the power of the Holy Power. The practice of the young man of Jian Chen was really hard, at least a hundred times more painful than I used to. However, this will definitely not cause illness. As far as eating is concerned, it goes without saying that on the Tianyuan continent, it is normal for some powerful and powerful people not to eat for several days or even ten days. When I was on a mission outside, I had not eaten for four or five days with several partners. I was still not alive and robbers.”After listening to this, Fang Hui disdained and said, "You are you, Jian Chen is a sword dust. Don't forget that at the time you were all 30 years old, and Jian Chen was just a second. The young man of his early days is so thin that he can compare with you who are strong and strong."Roscot sighed with a slight sigh and said, "You haven't walked on Tianyuan mainland, you are not aware of this matter. I told you that personal strength is not related to age. Some stupid people will not be able to condense the sacred soldier into a saint during their lifetime. Some good fortunes, good conditions, and many young mercenaries will never be able to achieve in their lifetime. height."“Like the head of our Huangjiacun village, it is more than one hundred and fifty years old this year, but it is only the strength of the Holy One. This is already the most powerful person in our village. In some colleges on the Tianyuan continent, the strength of our village chiefs has only managed to achieve the standard of graduation. Many people under the age of 30 already have the strength of our village head."Fang Hui likes to understand the nod and nodded, said: "It seems to be good to say, but people may not have such a strong sword dust strength, maybe he is too young after all."After listening to Fang Hui’s words, when Roscoe was about to continue to explain, suddenly, a gust of wind blew in from the house without warning, rolled up a lot of sand and flew into the house, and picked up a few dishes of vegetables on the table. The mud is full of sand."Oops, how did you suddenly get such a big wind." Roscoe's face changed slightly and immediately ran over and closed the door."Hey....hey....hey, mother, my eyes are in the sand. I can't open it." Luo Jia, who sat at the dinner table, covered his eyes with his hands and said in a voice with a bit of crying.Fang Hui quickly came to Luo Jia to comfort her side and said, "Oh, Jia Jia don't cry. There are mothers here. Let your mother help you blow the sand. Come and open your eyes."Roscoe looked back at the table that had been covered with a layer of silt up food and hesitated for a moment. The face was serious and said: “You stay in the room first. I’ll go out and have a look. It was too sudden, and it was a little bit bizarre. It was a bit strange." Then, Roscoe walked out after he opened the door.Outside the house, the raging wind is still raging everywhere, and the dust that rolls up in the sky flies over the sky to cover the sky. Even the sky and the strong sky that has been shed in the hot sun have been accumulated by a thick layer of dust on the sky. A few minutes. Some clothes hanging out on the air were flying high up the sky and dancing with the wind. On the roof, a large number of tiles have been lifted, and even some of the more fragile huts have been disintegrated by this turbulent wind."How happened, how could suddenly wind up such a big wind...""This is a strange gust of wind. Suddenly it came, and it is still so fierce...."In the distance, the villagers in Huangjia Village have also walked out of the huts and all of them are very puzzled.Russell's subjects flicked around as he glanced around. When he inadvertently swept to the log cabin in which Dust was inhabited, his eyes suddenly froze, as he suddenly found out from the dust of flying sky that the wind seemed to live in sword dust. The chalet is centered and spreads around.Roscoe, who had once fought on the Tianyuan mainland and also had the strength of the sages, quickly inferred the truth of the matter. When the next pair of eyes widened, they couldn't believe the sword dust. The cabin lost his voice and said, "This .... Is this something that the young man in Jian Chen got out of while practicing?" At this moment, Roscoe waved waves in his heart. He understood that in order to create such a scene, it was necessary. What powerful strength, when he had the strength of the sages at least ten years ago, was far from being able to do this, and what he could not believe was that the sword dust was only in his early twenties. , it has gone far beyond him."Is it really to look away, ah, the strength of the young man is definitely stronger than the Holy Master, it is estimated that his strength has at least reached the Great Teacher." Roscoo said with a look of sigh, although he has now become a waste, but once The experience still exists, and it suddenly inferred the strength of Jian Chen.“Everybody thinks, this gust of wind seems to be blowing in that direction.” An old voice loomed from a distance, and saw a white-haired old man pointing in the direction of sword dust.Hearing the news, the rest of the people also turned to look at this position where Jian Chen lived. Immediately someone said: “The village chief said yes, this squall is indeed blowing from that direction, you see, smoke in midair It's spread all around.""Let's go, we'll come over to see...""Yes, all went together to see what was the situation..."Then, a group of people walked past the village chief and headed to the wooden house where Jian Chen lived. The arrival of their group was discovered by Roscoe at the first time. Roscok quickly ran over and stopped them. "The village chief, now we don't pass it, so as not to bother the youngster of sword dust.""Rossco, what the hell is going on here, ah, I think this wind seems to have blown out of the cabin." The village chief asked Roscoe and his tone was full of doubts. The old face is also very serious."Yeah, Roscoe, what's in that cabin isn't there any treasure." When the village chief's voice just fell, he was immediately connected."That's right, Roscoe, you are not very kind and you don't let us open our eyes.""Hurry up the baby and let us all see it. I have never seen a windy baby."With that person, the rest of the people thought that there was definitely something hidden in the chalet, and they all followed the cry and said loudly."Oh, uh... everybody whispered." Roscoe quickly made a squeaky gesture and waited for everyone to calm down before he said innocently: "You can't be misunderstood, where am I? Ah, this is clearly the phenomenon caused by the practice of sword dust in the house. According to the experience I have previously summarized, we can preliminarily conclude that this phenomenon should be the most critical moment when the sword dust lad practice has come. This moment is The most taboo to be disturbed by others, otherwise, it will have very serious consequences. It is very unfavorable to the youngster of sword dust and walks away. We are still far away from us. Do not bother the youngsters of sword dust.”"Oh, it was like this...""Impossible. I have seen sword dust. How could I not find him so powerful? There was even a supernatural power.""Rosco, you will not lie to us."Many people questioned that they were all grown up in mountain villages. They had barely walked on Tianyuan, so many people were skeptical about Rothko’s words and simply did not believe that one was not as old as them. Even if we have such a great ability, this scene in front of us is already an amazing magical power in their eyes.The old village governor looked at the wooden house where the sword dust lived for a long time. His eyes were also deeply shocked. Then he sighed and said: “Ladies and gentlemen, Roscoe’s words are very reasonable. Whether the issue is the same as what Roscoe said or not, we will naturally be clear later. Now, let's retreat further, so as not to disturb the Little Brother.The old village chief obviously had a high prestige in the hearts of all people. When he spoke, the crowd suddenly stopped speaking, silently backed away, and kept back to 50 meters away before they stopped and stopped there one by one. Look at the chalet where the sword dust lives.The hurricane still continues to wreak havoc around, but the extent of the impact is not too big, it is just a few hundred meters radius, just enveloped the entire Huang Jiacun.People have been watching nearly half an hour in the appearance of 50 meters. During the period, even old and weak old people and some women and children have left the house and watched the things that are happening under the curiosity of flying dust. .Now, as many as 100 people in the Huangjia Village, as long as they remain in the Huangjia Village, can almost all gather here to watch the scene they have never seen before. If this scene in front of you is placed on the Tianyuan continent, it may not cause anyone to pay special attention to it. However, in this small, almost isolated village, it is very fresh."How do I feel my heart is getting more and more uncomfortable, and the uncomfortable face feels very difficult to breathe." Suddenly, an elderly person stretched out his hand and said to his chest suspiciously."Yeah, I also feel very stuffy in my chest, stuffy people panicking, and I feel like I'm carrying a heavy thing." The old man's voice just fell, and a middle-aged man standing next to him also said."Me too, my chest is so stuffy and flustered, it's like a big rock is pressed against my chest and it's almost breathless.""Strangely, you also have this feeling. I thought it was a symptom of where my body was uncomfortable.""I feel this way too....."    "I have it too…….",Listening to the people’s arguments, Rosco was surprised and he seemed to think of something. His face changed slightly and immediately he shouted: “We are quick to retreat. This is an invisible force that only powerful people can radiate. The imposing manner will have a direct impact on the people around us. Some of the top powerful people will even be able to directly suffocate people with oppressive impotence."After listening to Roscoe's remarks, everyone including the old village chief changed his face and hurriedly receded. He continued to recede until it reached a hundred meters before he stopped, although many of them did not even understand the momentum. What, but they have heard a clear sentence, that is, some of the top strong, can rely on the momentum directly to suffocate people oppression.    "bump!"As soon as everyone had just returned to 100 meters away, a loud noise came over and I saw that the log cabin in which Jian Chen lived was instantly fragmented. Then a silhouette crashed into the roof, like a shell. The sky rushed away, and in the blink of an eye it flew into the air of fifty meters.    "what!"The sword dust dangled in the air at a height of fifty meters. Yangtian made a long shout. The sound waves rolled and spread far away. Then the mighty and powerful Holy Power gathered in his left hand and waved his hand. The pure energy light mass formed by the force took off and whistled toward the distant ground."Boom!"When the energy light group bombarded the ground, a roaring noise was emitted, along with a large amount of smoke rising slowly from the ground. When the smoke and dust dispersed, it was only shocking to find that there had been a diameter of about two Three meters deep pit five meters deep.The sacred force of the Holy Spirit emerged again from the right hand of the sword dust, rapidly condensing out a silver-white sword, and the silver-geared sword god reflected the glaring light under the sunlight, which made people not dare to Looking straight ahead, this long sword is as dazzling as the sun in the sky.I saw Yin Mang flickered away, and the sword had been pierced at lightning speed. A sharp Jian Qi escaped the shackles of the sword with a dazzling light, slamming into the front at lightning speed. Hundreds of meters in the open space, silently immersed in a hard slate, leaving only a very small gap in the surface, there is no cracks around half.After this sword was stabbed, the body of the sword dust slowly landed on the ground. Although he could reach a height of 50 meters at once, he could only stay in the air for a time that he could not breathe.Falling to the ground, a faint smile on the face of Jian Chen’s face is a confident smile. After this half-dozen months of continuous practice, his strength has now successfully broken through from the senior sages to the great. The sages stage.