Chapter 198 Enhancing StrengthIn a clean and tidy log cabin, Jian Chen and the Roscoe family sat on a rather old wooden table for lunch. The meals are very simple, only a few dishes of their own kind of vegetables and a small dish of wild beasts.The Roscoe family only has four people. Apart from their two couples, there are only two children who are 10 years old.At the table, the Roscoe couple chatted with the sword dust, but they did not mention anything about the damage to the sword dust and the family issues. They only asked the situation in the dust of the sword and dust, such as the situation on the yuan mainland today and some interesting things. The matter, after all, is very dangerous on the Tianyuan mainland, and Roscoe's wife, Fang Hui, grew up in the mountain village since she was a child. This has been almost never gone out for decades. As for Roscoe, although once a mercenary. However, since the sacred soldiers became fragmented, they have been hiding in this mountain village for more than ten years. They never went outside and they are very curious about the outside world.Although Jian Chen had only spent a year or two on the Tianyuan mainland, and all of them were in small, isolated towns, he was also very knowledgeable about the problems of the Roscoe and his wife, but occasionally met with Roscoe. Couple problems with two young children.After dinner, under the leadership of Roscoe, the sword dust took a walk around the rest of the village and met many people who lived in the village. At the same time, they also learned more about this small village.This is a village named Huangjia Village. It is said that it has existed for more than a hundred years. It was established by a person with a surname of Huang a hundred years ago. At the beginning, it was only a small courtyard where several people lived, although it had already passed through. The development of a hundred years has passed, but it has only expanded to more than 30 households. The total population is only over 100. Apart from the elderly and children and women who are weak, the remaining powerful young men are only three. Forty people.People in the entire village here live on the land. Occasionally, some young and strong people go hunting nearby wild animals or catch fish from nearby rivers. A day without a fight with the world.One afternoon, Roscoe traveled through Huangjiacun with sword dust, almost all of the people in Huangjia Village were introduced by Jian Chen and did not end until evening.In the evening, Roscoe returned home with swords and dust. Five people sat at the same table and ate dinner. The dinner was very simple, a bowl of rice and some vegetables.At this time, a little boy sitting next to Jian Chen suddenly raised his head and looked at the sword dust. He said, “My brother, Jian Chen, said, “Did you listen to Daddy, aren't you very good?” A young girl next to Fang Hui also raised her head and her black eyes were curiously staring at the sword dust.The boy is called Roja and the other little girl and the boy's name are pronounced exactly the same - Luo Jia, who is Roscoe's two children.Wen Sheng, Jian Chen eyes immediately fell on the little boy, smiled and said: "Rogalda, the outside world is very big, more powerful than your sword dust brother, many countless countless, etc. after Ronaldinho When you have become worse, you can go and see the world outside.""That sword dust brother, you and my father compared, who is more powerful it." Jian Chen voice just fell, Roscoe's daughter Luo Jia could not help but curious to ask.After listening to this, Roscoe smiled and looked at his two sons and daughters softly. "Allison, you must not underestimate your older brother, ah, he is younger than Daddy, but he has to It's a lot harder than your father."After listening to this, Rosko’s wife Fang Hui’s eyes suddenly lighted and she said to Jian Chen: “Dust in the sword dust, if you don’t feel like we are poor here, it’s better to stay here. It’s too great for Tianyuan. Dangerous, though the days here are unimposing, but at least it is safe. I will go to the village next door to find a young and beautiful girl for you. You will also give your marriage.”After listening to Fang Hui’s remarks, Jian Chen is a smile of a face. Fang Hui’s words are more and more ridiculous: “I would like to thank you for the good intentions of my sister-in-law, but I still have a lot to do outside. , So, can not stay here for too long." Jian Chen said with a smile."Well, young people have their own things to do. Young people like young men should be more turbulent on Tianyuan, because it is the man's stage. You don't want to be paralyzed here." Ross The department defended Jian Chen that he was once a mercenary who had fought on the Tianyuan mainland.Fang Hui looked at Roscom with an uproar and was disappointed in her mind. According to her thoughts, if he could keep the sword dust man who was stronger than his husband in the village, then the man in the village went out hunting. Isn't there greater gains?After dinner, Jian Chen returned to the cabin where he had stayed for several days before. This cabin was originally used to put debris. Because of the arrival of Jian Chen, this room was cleared by Roscoe. Come out and put a bed in it to give sword dust to rest.Some old wooden doors were closed, and Jian Chen returned to his knees on a sturdy wooden bed. Then he took out several third-order magic nucleus out of the space belt and squeezed it into his hands. He immediately began to cultivate.In the past two weeks, Jian Chen has completely eliminated the hidden dangers in his body, so now he can fully improve his strength without worrying that his strength will increase too quickly and cause his own hidden dangers. Continue to expand.The energy in the magic nucleus is absorbed by the sword dust at a very frightening speed. As soon as the energy enters the sword dust, the turbulent factor contained in the energy is immediately sucked by the light of the purple and green light of his Tanaka. Go, along with at least the energy level.Maybe it's because the sword dust absorbs more energy in the magic nucleus than before, and now his purple, green, and two light spots in Dantian also absorb most of the energy in the magic nucleus, but at least the current sword dust has been Can be divided into one-tenth of the weight, and no longer like the previous promotion to the saints, can only be divided into about 1 percent of the energy.Today, Jian Chen is desperately trying to raise his strength to the level of the Great Teacher. Therefore, for the next few days, he has never been out of the house and has devoted himself to practicing in the room. He has not even gone out for two or three days. Have a meal. Because for a sages, not eating for three or four days will not have much effect on them.