Chapter 139. The Vengeful Teacher"Old gentleman, do you also want the two fifth-order magic nucleus on me?" Rolling sound came from the mouth of Jian Chen, echoed in this space, and spread far away."Oh, although the fifth-order magic nucleus is very precious, it is nothing for me. No cloud. I want your combat skills to hand me the combat skills. I will never be an embarrassment for you." The old gentleman's loud tone passed over and it was clearly introduced into the sword dust ears.It was only two hours of breathing time. The distance between the old man and the rear of the sword dust drew a lot from the first five kilometers to a distance of only four kilometers.Seeing the horror speed of the old man, Jian Chen’s face has become very ugly. He did not hesitate at once, immediately jumped from the back of the first-order World of Warcraft and ran at full speed on the ground, although this would The consumption of his Holy Power is consumed, but the speed of the first-order World of Warcraft is much slower than his full running. If you continue to stay on the back of Warcraft, I am afraid it will soon be caught up by the old man in the rear.The sword dust ran at full speed on the ground. The intense use of the body involved the horrible wounds on the back, and the strands of pain in his heart went straight into the heart, and the muscles on the face of the sword dust continued to smash. Some whitish, and on the forehead, even more detailed sweats emerge.If the sword is cut on the back, the pain will not be so severe, but now the body is strenuously exercising, and the wounds involved in the back are constantly expanding all the time. It's just destroying human nerves.Jian Chen resisted the severe pain from the back and fled at full speed. Although he did not play against the old man in the rear, he felt an unprecedented threat in the heart of Jian Chen.The strength of the old man in the rear is absolutely powerful and terrible.Looking at the sword dust in front of the fast running, the back of the old man chased his face could not help but reveal a trace of sneer, said: "No clouds, you are so in vain effort, you are not able to escape my palm." Said Stop, the old man's already fast speed suddenly soared three points again, and the distance between the dust and the sword drew quickly.Four kilometers...Three kilometers...Two kilometers...The speed of the old man is very fast. In a time shorter than a short tea break, the distance between the dust and the sword dust has been reduced from the previous five kilometers to one kilometer away, although the sword dust has already reached its own speed. Raised to the extreme, but still unable to get rid of the old man chased behind.And so fully exert his contempt to escape, the consumption of the Holy Power of the sword dust is also very serious. Eventually, when the old man was less than five hundred meters away from him, the sword dust finally stopped, turned around, and some breathless. Staring at the old man.See Jian Chen did not escape, the old man also slowed down the speed, and finally stood at a distance of 20 meters away from the sword dust, his face looked a kind of seemingly harmonious smile, a pair of eyes but full of curiosity and surprised look Looked at the sword dust."No clouds, this is not your real name, but it is not important to me. However, you can kill more than 30 great teachers with the strength of the senior sages. It really makes me feel very much. Shocked." The old man said with a smile, his voice and ambiguity.Listening to the gentle voice of the old man, the sword bristled slightly, but this voice made him feel a faint familiarity, as if he had heard somewhere.Then, in the dust of the sword dust, a flash of light flashed. Suddenly, I remembered a person and immediately said, "Oh, old lady, if I'm right, you belong to the Harry Potter family of the Loess City." For the Harry family, The impression of Jian Chen was very profound. In the Tianfeng auction, those who gathered the strongest forces in more than a dozen cities in the surrounding cities did not dare to compete with the Halidos for the fifth-order Warcraft corpse, and everyone was willing to do so. The body of the first fifth-order Warcraft was given to the Halidon family. In the end, the Harry Potter family only spent a very small amount of money and took a precious fifth-order Warcraft corpse.From then on, in the hearts of the sword dust, it became clear that the strength of the Harry's family could be extremely powerful. At least, those forces from different places who were arguing as overlords in one side were extremely jealous of the Harry family.The old man nodded slightly and said: "Yes, the old man is the family of the Harry Potter, no clouds. I only need the combat skills of you. As for the two fifth-order magic nucleus, I will not move you."Looking at the flashing eyes in the eyes of the sword dust, the old man whispered and continued: “No clouds, you can still hand it over. The old man is not as good as the great sage, and he is in a land of the Holy Master. In front of you, this senior holy teacher, there is simply no hope of escape.""The earth teacher!" Wen Yan, Jian Chen took a deep breath, although in the past, he already guessed in the heart of the old man's strength has reached the Holy Master of the earth, but it is only speculation after all, and at the moment, through The old man’s personal testimony confirmed that he finally had to accept this fact. The old man he is now facing will actually be a teacher of the earth.Taking a deep breath, the sword dust quickly calmed down and said: "Predecessors, if I say that there is no combat skills in the next hand, would you believe it?"Hearing, the smile of the old man's face suddenly became serious, and the fierce eyes flashed: "No clouds, my patience is limited, I do not have so much time with you here wasted, you still hurry Give it out. If you don’t, I’ll just have to do it myself.” The old man made a slight tone as he spoke, and a cold smile began to appear on his face. It doesn’t matter, then you’ll go and live with me for a while. Let’s write down the whole set of combat techniques you’ve given me, and control the sacred soldiers to fly in the air. method."After listening to these words, Jian Chen secretly sighed in his heart, he knew that there is no room for the slightest turn, unless he surrenders combat skills, otherwise, this old man with the strength of the Holy Master is not in any way Those who leave themselves will be the only ones who are desperate for the present. Only in this way will there be a chance to escape from birth.And the sword dust also understands that even if this old man wants to kill himself, but before he gets the fighting skills, he is afraid that he will not dare to kill himself. Even more frustrating for sword dust is that he has no fighting skills at all. There is only one kind of practice of the Purple Youth Sword, which is mistakenly considered by others as fighting skills.Since the decision has been made, Jian Chen is no longer hesitant. His feet suddenly land on the ground and his body quickly retreats back.Found that the action of sword dust, the old man's face reveals a trace of sneer, and then the body is like a phantom shot toward the sword dust, a pair of big hands flashing toward the neck of sword dust.The Breezy Sword appeared in the right hand of Jian Chen. Facing a teacher of the earth, this time the sword dust did not dare to keep the slightest. When he came up, he directly displayed the greatest life-saving card - the sword of God.The breeze sword turned into a silvery white lightning, accompanied by a harsh piercing sound, and pierced toward the old man.