Chapter 190 Thousands of Shadows“I heard that people were fighting in the city not far from the Tianfeng Auction House. I don’t know who is so bold. I dared to fight in Fengyang City. I’m not impatient to live. Once captured by the City Guard, the punishment But it's very serious.""Yeah, I also heard that it was like a group of people besieging one person together and that they also made a living.""You know what, I came from the other side of the street. I told you, those who fight are all masters, and they have a great background. Even the guards do not dare to provoke them. In the past, no one of the city guards caught up to stop.""Yeah, I also heard that those people all have the power of the Great Teacher. The person being chased is so powerful that when one faced so many great teachers, not only could they escape, but they also killed a lot of people. people.""The man who was besieged by a group of great sages would not be the Holy Master. It was so powerful."Maybe it was because the fight between Jian Chen and a group of great sages was so sensational that the news spread so fast that they walked on the street. The sound of pedestrians could be heard everywhere in Jian Chen.While listening to the voice of pedestrians, Jian Chen continued to walk towards the gate of the city. When he had just walked less than a tea time, suddenly, several powerful forces came from the rear far away.Feeling sudden momentum, Jian Chen’s stature was a slight one. When he looked back, faintly saw many people leaping quickly in the direction of him on the roofs of houses on both sides of the street. Among them, relieved that there are still many familiar faces, it is precisely those who previously killed him.Jian Chen's face changed slightly, his heart suddenly produced a bad premonition."What's going on, are they finding me? Or is it just a way to get there? Seeing what they look like is obviously not on the road. Is it really discovered? No, it's impossible. Now my face is not Without a cloud, they simply cannot recognize me."For a time, some thoughts in the mind of Jian Chen couldn’t be determined. Now, he and Wu Yun are already two people. From him, except for a few wounds that he did not have time to cure, he couldn’t see that he was cloudless. Those wounds were also bandaged by him and covered with clothes. From the outside, they couldn't see the slightest flaws. The crowd behind them saw the momentum of the menacing, and they made the dust in the sword dust."Perhaps it wasn't directed at me. They had to worry about other things, so they seemed so impatient. The more this time, the more they couldn't be confused. If they run now, doesn't it mean they have problems? In the heart of the sword dust, he secretly thought, forcing himself to calm down, still keeping his unhurried pace toward the direction of the city gate, but now he was walking faster than before.Before he managed to escape from the encirclement of the crowd, he did not want to fall into it again. But on this occasion, he must not be disarrayed. On the other hand, Jian Chen is very confident in his appearance. Now, he is no longer cloudless, but sword dust.Soon afterwards, the large sage from the rear of the group of flying cymbals took a leap from the top of the house on both sides of the sword dust, and the speed did not slow down in the slightest.After seeing this scene, Jian Chen’s heart that mentioned the eyes of the blind was finally put down. Fortunately, these people did not see through their identity.However, when an old man had just passed through sword dust, his face suddenly changed, and he suddenly turned to stare at the sword dust standing in the crowd on the street and shouted, "Found, here, quickly surround him." Voice When it did not fall, it was necessary to jump off the roof first, and finally landed five meters away from Jian Chen. He stared at him with vigilance and watched carefully.Even if he only faced a senior sages, the old man who had the strength of the great sages did not dare to have the slightest effect. He witnessed the scene of the sword dust killing several great sages.The rest of the Grand Masters listened to the old man's words, and immediately turned back and forth. As a body shape shot toward the old man's position, the sword dust enveloped him in the blink of an eye.Sudden change, so that the sword dust is also slightly squat down, then his heart sank, but his face did not look the slightest change, arched in front of everyone, smiled; "You Xiongtai, I do not know you this is ... ..." Sword Dust still could not believe that his identity would have been discovered. He was very confident in his appearance. His current appearance, and the cloudless face that looked forty years old, could have been turned upside down. Change, and even the hair has been deliberately trimmed by him, there is no difference between the two.More than 20 great sage members surrounded the sword dust and watched the face of sword dust apparently only 20 years old. The look between them was a doubt."You are not looking for the wrong person," said a middle-aged man in a white robe who said to an old man."Yes, old man, you look for the wrong person. This is where there is no cloud." The white man's middle-aged man had just voiced his voice, and there was a mouthful of yelling mouths in the middle of the road. There was some dissatisfaction in his tone.The old man, known as the old coffin, carefully looked at the sword dust and looked in his eyes with a few doubts. In his heart, he said, “Isn't I really looking for the wrong person.” Just in the mind was just in the Tochigi brain. *** At present, a snake with only a finger thickness is pulled out of the old man's sleeveless robe. The snakehead rises high and is constantly throwing snake apricots against the sword dust.On seeing this scene, Zhang Mumu's heart was slightly surprised. His eyes were unbelievably staring at the sword dust that was not more than 20 years old. He exclaimed, "You have no clouds!"Listening to the exclaimed sound of the old mandarin duck, the eyes of the remaining twenty dozens of great sage teachers also showed a hint of astonishment. They could not believe what they saw in the eyes of Jian Chen."The elders of the old wood, you sure did not recognize the wrong person?" The old man wearing a red robe is still not sure.The old mandarin ducks did not answer the words of the old man in red robes and sneered and said to the sword dust: “Without clouds, your ability to change your appearance is really big, even if all of us don’t recognize you, but no matter where you are How to change, still can not escape the smell of my snake."Jian Chen's face also became a little dignified with this sentence, and the other person apparently had secret methods to find out his identity. Now, he can no longer avoid it.Listening to the affirmative speech of the old mandarin duck, despite the fact that more than two dozen Masters were very surprised in their hearts, they were not slow to move their hands, and they sacrificed their own sacred soldiers to surround the sword dust, but No one dared to act first.Jian Chen's eyes glanced around for a week, and finally fell on the old man of the coffin, saying: "How did you find me in the end?"Hearing a grim expression on his face, the Tochigi old man said, “It's no harm to tell you. When I jumped into the well, I sprinkled my special powder on you and the snake in my hands. I am very impressed with this powder. As long as you are within 100 miles, I can find you through this snake."The sword dust suddenly realized, continued: "Did I enter the water, can't I wash this powder off?""Oh, you're too small to see the hundred miles of shadows that I'm making from the old man of the coffins. The grain of the hundred miles we make is not clean water, but if you don't use the special drugs for a day, Only wait seven days for the drug to fail slowly," said the old man.