Chapter 196 RoscoeThe bright milky white light formed by the bright light of Holy Power envelops the entire sword dust. As the milky white light turns into a strange energy, it enters the body of the sword dust. His injuries are also The speed visible to the naked eye is healing.Because now is the daytime and the special nature of the bright Holy Power, the sword dust is not afraid that the things that can control the bright Holy Power will leak out. Even if someone comes close to him during the healing period, he will feel the first time. This ends the control of the Holy Power.Now that the god of sword dust has been enhanced a lot compared to the past, the control of the sacred power of light not only increases the time, but also the intensity of the bright sacred power is stronger than before. Therefore, This time, after healing for two and a half hours, the wounds on him are finally completely healed.However, he also paid a slight price, that is, his God, who had not recovered to its peak, was almost overdrawn again. His drowsy head made the sword dust simply unable to lift his spirit and waited for him to fall asleep immediately.Afterwards, Jian Chen started to recover God. He passed day and night. He didn't wake up until the next morning. However, the sword dust did not get out of bed and he was still lying in bed and raising.After all, the middle-aged man who had rescued him had already seen his injuries, and it took two days. If the middle-aged man knew that his injuries had healed, he would have exposed himself. The status of a bright teacher is, after all, even if it is the best medicine, it is absolutely impossible for such a serious injury to recover in two days. However, Jian Chen does not want to reveal his status as a bright teacher. Therefore, he will try his best to maintain confidentiality unless he is compelled to do so. Otherwise, he will not be easily exposed.Because he is also very clear in his heart. With the special position of the Bright Teacher in the Tianyuan Continent, once he storms out, there will be no trouble.Lying on the bed, Jian Jian quietly restored the Holy Power of the body. In the two days, his main medicine was spent on healing. Now, the Holy Power in his body is also empty. The small ones in Dantian are small. The light breeze sword is also bleak.Soon, the time has come to noon, this time, Jian Chen has been able to clearly smell the smell of tangy food floating in from outside the house.“Hey!” At this moment, the wooden door suddenly opened, and only the middle-aged man who had saved the sword dust came in softly and eventually came to stand in front of Jian Chen’s bed.Looking at the sword dust lying in bed and keeping his eyes closed, the middle-aged man could not help but sighed slightly and murmured to himself: "Hey, he has been in a coma for two days, and he has not eaten for two days, and he has Also suffered such a heavy injury, as it continues, I really do not know how long you can support, but unfortunately we can not find a good healing drug in this poor village."The middle-aged man shook his head helplessly, then turned and walked toward the door."Uncle!" Suddenly, a slightly weak voice came from the back of the middle-aged man. The sound of the middle-aged man's body was slightly stiff, and he immediately turned to watch the sword dust lying in bed with a few words. Rejoicing, said: "Young man, you finally woke up, if you are in a coma for a few days, I am afraid that you will never wake up but it has come."After listening to this, there was a slight smile on the face of Jian Chen. "Sorry, let the big tree make a mistake.""It's all right. You can just wake up. At least it means that your life is saved. Right. You haven't eaten for two days. You must be hungry. I'll give you something to do. Eat it.” When the words were finished, the middle-aged man turned and walked out.Soon, a bowl of hot rice and several dishes of fried meat were brought in by the middle-aged man. “We are only a small mountain village here, and the best thing is to harvest some of the things that we normally hunt in the mountains. The beasts are flesh, and now you are wounded in the body, so I have made some meat for you to make up for your body.""Thank you, Uncle!" Then, Jian Chen slowly climbed up from the bed.When the middle-aged man saw him, he quickly said, "Oh, you don't move. You have injuries. It's easy to get involved in the wound." Then, put the food on the side of the cabinet to the side and take a quick step to hold the sword. dust.Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "Although I suffered some injuries, but after two days of care, my injury has basically stabilized, so doing a little action, is not a hindrance."See Jian Chen really like a person who is all right, and slowly sit upright, the eyes of the middle-aged man could not help but exposed a trace of envy, said: "Young man, your strength because it is very good, the back was so heavy Injury, this can only sit up in the past few days."Wen Yan, Jian Chen looked at the middle-aged man deeply, and laughed: "Uncle, it seems that you are not simple, it must have been on the Tianyuan mainland.""Yeah!" The middle-aged man sighed. The words of Jian Chen seemed to have caused some of his sadness. His look was full of sadness.After a moment of silence, the middle-aged Han said this: "In fact, more than ten years ago, I was also a mercenary. I had the strength of a mid-level sages. I followed the brothers who were born and died in the Tianyuan Continent. Once we encountered a robber on the way to deliver goods, my fate changed.”"Those robbers were very strong. After a bitter struggle, although we eventually drove the robbers away, we also paid a very heavy price. My sacred soldier was also one of the strengths in that battle. Those who were stronger than me were ruined. Although I was not dead, but I also lost all my abilities. I was degraded as a waste person. I finally came to this small mountain village to live a life without dispute. ”After listening to these words, Jian Chen was silent for a time. He fully understood what kind of mood the middle-aged Han was. From the original mercenaries who had travelled across the Tianyuan mainland, he was reduced to a useless man who could not use force. It is definitely a kind of death to die for men who have strong power and ambition.Next, Jian Chen ate rice and chatted with the middle-aged Han. After some conversation, Jian Chen also knew the name of the middle-aged man, Roscoe.Roscoe is more than forty years old this year. Since the crucifixion broke into a waste person, he came alone to this small village. This is more than a decade, and he has seen another person not far from here. A girl from a village married and gave birth to a child, a woman and two children. This year is just over ten years old.Next, Jian Chen temporarily stayed in Roscoe's home. However, he had not recovered from his injuries. He locked himself in the room all day long, and kept Rusko from doing nothing when raising his wounds. Excuse yourself and then sit cross-legged on the bed to continue refining the power of the Holy Spirit.Although it took a few days before Fengyang City to refine the power of the Holy Spirit, now the sword dust has not completely solved the sequelae left by using the magic core to increase its strength too quickly.In an instant, the sword dust lived here for half a month. During this half-month, Roscoe respected the opinion of Jian Chen. When it was all right, he did not come to disturb the sword dust, but only every two or three times. Heaven sent a meal for sword dust.