Chapter 192 Another Strong EnemyThe bodies of more than two dozen great teachers lay across the ground. The bright red blood will make a whole piece of blood red for everyone, and around 100 meters away, there are countless people watching lively, and they all grow up. The eyes, with nearly glazed eyes, looked at the sword dust standing on the blood and the twenty people lying on the ground. His face looked incredible. Everyone was filled with shock.Among them, there are many people with extraordinary eyesight who can see at a glance that more than 20 people all have the strength of the Great Teacher. More than two dozen Masters gather together and the powerful forces formed have swept the whole Fengyang City, this second-tier city, but did not expect that so many great teachers even in this short period of time, they all died in the hands of a young man can only appear to be in his twenties.If this scene is not what they saw with their own eyes, I am afraid he would not believe it anyway. Even so, the scene before him still makes many people unacceptable. It feels so unreal, as if it were a dream. False.The sword dust gradually slowly swept over the bodies of the dozen or so Grand Masters lying on the ground. His breathing was a bit too rapid, and this repeated experience of battles had caused serious damage to his Holy Power. Loss made him feel tired.However, Jian Chen also understands that this place should not be long stay, fifth-order Warcraft's body has attracted many people, at the moment Fengyang City is the most mixed opportunity, although there are more than a dozen shares on the surface is not weak strength, but secretly I am afraid there are Some mercenary regiments and lone gangsters will stare at themselves, after all, they are now the injured body, fighting power is not as good as the heyday, plus the temptation of the fifth-order magic nucleus and combat skills, which is enough to faint some people's minds Now.Although through previous tests, he could easily kill the Great Teacher with the sword of God, but using God’s Imperial Sword will cause great devastation to his God. This is simply not a long-term solution. For the present plan, Fengyang City is to be left immediately. Now Fengyang City is even more dangerous than swordsmanship in the wild.At this time, Jian Chen’s eyes inadvertently landed on the space belts of the Grand Master’s waist. His eyes could not help him. He immediately picked up the light wind sword and put them in the hands of all the income belt in the waist belt. Among them, Even more exciting to Jian Chen, he even discovered three space rings.The space ring is invaluable. It is far from being comparable to the space belt. It is no exaggeration to say that the space ring is a symbol of identity on the Tianyuan continent. The representation of strength is not as popular as the space belt. No matter what kind of people can have it, although the space belt must also be divided into upper and lower levels, it is far from being able to compare with a single space ring.More than 20 space belts and two space rings were all collected. In front of so many people, Jian Chen had no time to see what was inside, and he immediately left here.When the sight of Jian Chen came over, the people who surrounded the streets and watched lively began to wake up. They had to take a few minutes of fear and let off the road for sword dust.The sword dust marched out of the crowd with his still bleeding blood breeze sword and deterred the crowds. Wherever he went, the people around him were all evasive even though the sword dust had a young face. But no one dared to underestimate him.Before coming to a first-class World of Warcraft mount, Jian Chen stopped and took out a few amethyst coins from the space belt to the owner of the first-order World of Warcraft. Leng Ran said: "You bought this horse. "Speaking, the sword dust did not wait for the owners of the first-order World of Warcraft mounts to agree, jumped directly to Warcraft, pulled the reins and rode the first-order World of Warcraft quickly toward the direction of the city gate.The owner of the first-order Warcraft was only a mercenary with the strength of the sages. After witnessing the scene where the sword dust killed more than 20 great sages, he did not dare to reveal the rudeness of sword dust. A disgruntled look.Not to mention that the sword dust has already paid him a far higher price than the value of the first-order World of Warcraft. Even if the sword dust snatches this World of Warcraft to snatch it, the owner of Warcraft will not dare to complain.Riding this first-order World of Warcraft mount, Jian Chen flew all the way toward the gate of the city, and in the rush of a full and fragrant time, he finally saw the vaguely visible walls in front of him.But fortunately, there was no such thing as sword dust that we did not want to see on the road. Although Fengyang City removed a dozen or so shares of the surrounding cities from a number of big forces, there are still many mercenary groups that are not weak. Some lone man, originally these people also intend to blend in, after all, the temptation of two five-order magic nuclei and an advanced combat skills is really too big. However, as soon as they received more than 30 news of the Great Teacher's death in the hands of sword and dust, they suddenly poured a bucket of cold water on their heads, prompting them to immediately give up the idea of ​​encircling the sword dust.In the distance, once the guards on the wall saw that they were riding a first-order World of Warcraft and rushed into the blood-swept sword and dust, they immediately shouted something to the people below on the wall, and the soldiers under the wall immediately set aside some progress. The city's people who left the city to give up the road to Jian Chen clearly had already received orders from the Fengyang City.In the heart of Fengyang city, it is the wish that the statue of Dust can be sent to the calm and peaceful city of Fengyang where the dog flies. After all, if he continues to stay here, the power he has attracted is not easy to mess with. , even if it is the owner of Fengyang City, do not want to offend.Seeing this scene, the speed of the sword dust did not diminish. He still kept a high speed and rushed toward the city gate. Eventually, in a group of people's strange eyes, he rushed out of the gate with a raging wind.Out of the city gate, Jian Chen finally breathed a sigh of relief. For him, this field is much safer than in Fengyang City. After all, here he will not encounter harassment that is almost endless, especially the phoenix. Yangcheng’s indigenous forces know who they really are and how strong they are. There are no masters of the Divine Master class hiding in them. Moreover, they have killed many of their great teachers. Those local forces will not be so good. Staying in Fengyang City is tantamount to facing their endless harassment."Oh, Mr. Wu Yun really is a good skill, ah, do not see the young age, strength is so strong, this should be the effectiveness of that combat skills it." Just as the sword dust left Fengyang City about ten kilometers, together Slightly old, but the full voice suddenly came from behind.Wen Sheng, Jian Chen's face suddenly changed, and immediately turned his head to see, only about five kilometers behind the rear, a silhouette is chasing after him at a very fast speed, that speed is faster than the seat of the dust Orders of Warcraft must be a lot faster.“Dad!” Jian Chen’s face suddenly became a little pale, and the speed of light came from people. He saw that the other side’s strength was definitely stronger than the previous Grand Master who had killed him. Perhaps it is not at all a level of strength.