Chapter 19 Trouble ()In an instant, time has passed three days. Although these three days are not long, they allow the sword dust to become familiar with the living environment in the college. In the three days, Jian Chen had classes in the school in addition to the first day. In addition, he did not go to the school for two days afterwards. Instead of practicing in the room all day, he was soaked in the college's library.Because the curriculum taught by those teachers in the school is nothing more than to teach everyone how to behave. What to do in the face of dangerous things. There is also some experience about the ability to survive in the wild and some techniques for combat. These things are for sword dust. There was no use at all. In the past, he was an old river. With his experience, he could go to teach those teachers.As for the fighting experience and the ability to survive in the wild, in Jian Chen’s opinion, he can completely teach the teachers in the college. Because the teachers’ knowledge about combat is very shallow and far less than their own. .The next morning, Jian Chen put on his school uniform and went to the library after breakfast in the cafeteria. The students in the college are not strict with the students. The daily course is exactly what you want to go and you do not want to go. After all, some of the college’s children born in aristocratic families and wealthy families have been educated in the family since childhood. The knowledge they know is not necessarily worse than that of some college teachers. It is just inexperienced, so the classroom is almost They are all prepared for those students who are born civilians. There are very few noble students who go to school to attend classes. Even if they are there, they are almost all small aristocrats.On the first floor of the library, after taking a few books, Jian Chen sat down on a table in the reading area and looked at it with relish.The library at Kargas College is very large and the collection is very rich. It covers almost every aspect and is far more abundant than the library of Changyang Mansion. Here, Jian Chen found a lot in Changyang. Some books not included in the bookstore make him more aware of the forms of the world.In the hands of the sword dust, the basic books about World of Warcraft introduced on the Tianyuan mainland are now available. There are many types of Warcraft on the Tianyuan continent. Whether it is running on the ground or flying in the sky, the variety has reached thousands, and the book It also mentioned that there are many types of Warcraft on the Tianyuan continent that are not in the book. Those who are not living in the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft are far away in the endless sea. Even these powerful places are difficult to get involved with. of.When the sword dust buried his head reading a book, at the entrance of the library, suddenly came a young girl about 16-year-old, the young girl is very beautiful, wearing uniforms issued by the college uniform, a supple long hair Zhacheng Dozens of tiny ponytails fell on their backs, making her pretty face even more beautiful, but there was always a haughty look between the girls' looks and they knew they were born at a glance. In aristocratic families.This girl is Cady Qiuli of the Cady family.Katie Qiuli entered the library and walked straight to the bookshelf inside, but his eyes glanced at the students who were reading in the reading area. However, she was just sitting across a table reading in her eyes. When the school uniform wearing the sword dust back, the pace of progress suddenly stopped and stopped.Kadi Qiuli looked closely at the back of the sword dust, and her eyes shimmered. When she remembered in her mind a few days ago, the sword dust grabbed one of her legs and directly took her off the platform without any image. The immediate expression of an angry look in her eyes was an unforgettable shame to her, and her white, tender little face was flushed with excessive anger, and she groaned softly. There was no longer a mood to read a book. She left the library straight away and whispered in a whisper: "Changyang Xiangtian, oh, this time, we must make you look good!"Now that the mind of Jian Chen has been completely attracted by the contents of the book, he has seen very little investment and has not discovered the arrival of Cady Qiuli. In the library of this college, no one dares to make trouble, so the sword dust There is no protection from the surrounding environment.After Katie Qiuli left the library, he found the second brother Chang Yangke. At the moment, Chang Yangke is playing alone in the woods behind the dormitory.Seeing the arrival of Kadi Qiuli, Kadi Liang stopped the action in her hand and smiled and said: "Sister Sanmei, didn't you say you were going to the library? How come you come to me?" In Kadi Liang's heart, I love this little sister who is not much younger than herself.Katie Qiu Li came to Changyin in front of him and calmly cast a face and moaned. "Brother, didn't you tell me to teach me the man who called Changyang Xiangtian?"Upon hearing the name of Changyang Xiangtian, the smile on Kadi’s face gradually disappeared, and his face slowly became gloomy. In his heart, he was still guilty of the New Generation Marriage Fair a few days ago. The strength of sanctification was actually lost to Chang Yang Xiangtian who was an eternal power. He also lost so ugly. In particular, Chang Yang Xiang Tian’s foot kicked on his ass, making Kadi very bright. How couldn't forget that it was absolutely a great shame for him.Kadi Qiu Li's face was angry and angrily said: "Brother, Changyang Xiangtian is in the library now. We must not teach him about it.""To, of course, this time I will beat him upright and Sanmei. Let's go." Then, Kadi Liang walked to the library. In his mind, one would not admit that the sword dust could defeat him. In his opinion, the last time he was in the ring was his own negligence. After adding the restrictions on the terrain, he lost to the sword dust. Highly proud Cady Leung is very unconvinced.Kadi Qiuli showed a happy look on her face and said: "This time my brother must take a good lesson from the boy named Chang Yang Xiangtian." Then, Katie Qiuli followed closely behind Kadi Liang. Walk toward the library. Although the strength of both of them is on the strength of the ninth layer of Holy Power, but Cady Qiu Li is very aware of her heart, he is definitely not the rival of his second brother Kadi Liang, if the second brother beat Chang Yang Xiangtian, then himself It must not be the opponent of Changyang Xiangtian.In the library, sword dust is still watching the books in his hands.“Hello, may I sit here?” At this moment, a crisp voice came in the ear of sword dust. Although Jian Chen’s books read very much, his “God” was very powerful and he was hearing. The moment of sound wakes up from the book.Wen Sheng, Jian Chen subconsciously looked up and saw a young girl of about 17 years old standing face to face with her. She was wearing a school uniform and a long black hair draped over her shoulders. On the shoulder, exudes the black light, a pair of bright big eyes curiously looked at the sword dust, the refined face hung with a slight smile, the young girl was very beautiful, and the skin on her face was white and tender. Like a newborn baby, with a cherry mouth that is light, there is an impulse to make a pro-fangze. Although it is only seventeen or eight years old, the exquisite figure is still slightly younger. Gives a perfect outline, and in the girl's arms she is holding a thick book.The sword dust looked at the girl arbitrarily and immediately looked around for the next four weeks. It was only then that in this reading area, the few tables on the table were filled with people and there was no empty table. Now.Eyes of the plain look of this very long-looking very beautiful girl, sword dust voice said lightly: "take it easy to sit!" Subsequently, Jian Chen's eyes once again fell on the hands of this book, did not look The girl in front of her eyes, despite the fact that the girl in front of her eyes was beautiful.The young girl's eyes looked curiously at the sword dust dwelling on books, flashing a strange brilliance in her eyes, and then slowly sat down and whispered openly: “Thank you!” The girl’s tone was soft, full of smartness, and her voice was very pleasing. , let people listen to the heart actually feel comfortable.Jian Chen did not seem to hear this voice, still looking at the books with his head relishing in his eyes, as if only this book.The girl once again looked at the sword dust, and there was a hint of curiosity in her bright eyes, but she did not say anything. Then she slowly put the book in her arms on the table and slowly read it. Although the girl is turning a book, the movement is very elegant and full of nobleness, as if born.The library is very quiet. Despite the fact that there are quite a few people, no one has made a murmur. Everyone is very focused on the books in their hands.At this moment, a man and a woman suddenly appeared at the door of the library. It was Kadi Liang and Kadi Qiuli."You see, my brother, he is there," said Kadi Qiuli, whispering in the direction of the sword dust.Cady looked at the direction of Kadi Qiuli's fingers, and she saw a slightly familiar appearance. Then her lips showed a slight disdain, and they stood proudly and arrogantly toward the position of Jian Chen. Kadi Qiuli also tightly followed behind Kadi Liang."Touch!" When Cady Leung came to the table where Jian Chen was sitting, he slammed his hands on the table and made a loud noise. It spread far in the quiet library. go with.The sudden noises attracted all the students who read the books. Each one looked away from the books. They all fell on the table in Jian Chen. Except for a few frowned, the rest of the audience watched the show. Mentality.The sword dust frowned and slowly raised his head, his eyes looked at Kadi brightly, his voice was slightly heavy, and said: “What are you doing!” Jianqi’s tone was somewhat anger.At this time, even the maiden sitting across from Jian Chen was frowning, looking at Kadi with an unpleasant look, and with a bit of anger on his face. He had just heard a loud bang in his ear. She had been reading quietly and she had already thrown her entire mind into the books.Kadi Liang looked at Jian Chen contemptuously and said arrogantly: "Changyang Xiangtian, I'm Kadi Liang now formally challenge you as you dare to accept it." Kadi Liang's loud voice spread throughout. The entire first floor of the library was afraid that someone could not hear it."Challenge!" Jian Chen's face revealed a slight disdain, contemptuously said: "No interest, please immediately leave here, do not disturb me reading, I did not waste so much time on you!"See Jian Chen so do not put his own eyes, Kadi bright eyes exposed angry look, eyes sharply staring at the sword dust, teeth, word by word: "You dare not dare!"