Chapter 2 Changyang Xiangtian ()Suddenly, the long sword in the hands of sword dust escaped the control of sword dust. At this moment, this long sword seems to have become a spiritual sword, and it turns into a light with a lightning speed of 100 meters away. Tokgo seeks defeat and shoots.The long sword is very fast and incredibly fast. When Tokgo's defeat just reacts, the sword has arrived at the throat of Tokgo's defeat, and then with a strong sword, in the thrilling eyes of Tokgo defeated him. After passing directly through his throat, the sword circling a large circle in the air surrounded by a layer of white, white swords automatically flew back into the hands of sword dust.There was a fist-sized hole in the throat of Tokgo's defeated opponent. Although the sword in the sword dust was very thin, the Kenmang around the sword still allowed Tokgo to cut the wound at the throat to the size of the fist.Tokgo’s eyes widened and he stared blindly at the long sword that had returned to the hands of the sword and dust, and his face could not believe it, as if he had seen the most incredible thing in the world, he slightly opened his mouth, and it seemed that What I want to say is that, unfortunately, his throat has been pierced and he has been unable to speak. Finally, with a reluctant look and a horror at his face, he slowly falls down.Jian Chen, holding a long sword, silently looked at his untimely defeat, and sighed in his heart. Unexpectedly, at this last moment, he actually broke through again and reached the realm of the Sword of God. But at this time, he is not far from death.Secret sigh, sword dust looks gradually become dark, even though the strength once again break through, but it is difficult to escape death, after all, his heart has been crushed by the undefeated sword.Afterwards, Jian Chen also stepped into the footsteps of Tokgo’s defeat and slowly fell down.At the moment when the sword dust had just fallen, the two sword-shaped peaks where he stood alone with Tokgo’s defeat had suddenly made a loud noise and the entire mountain burst and opened, and countless gravels were moving toward it. All around the lasing away, then the sky filled with purple and blue light, shining in the world, at this moment, the entire sky was filled with purple and blue light, unfortunately, sword dust and Tokgo seek defeat has been unable to know What happened then...In a large and luxurious manor house, in a decorated and magnificent house, a large group of people gathered at the door of a room at the moment, while the first person was a young man who walked in front of the door. With an anxious and somewhat worried look, the young man is about thirty years old and looks good. Even though he is close to middle age, he can't hide his face's handsome time and he only wears it. Wearing a white robe embroidered with gold silk, the body has a breath of the upper person, a face of fortitude, a pair of brows has been tightly crumpled into a group.Three meters away from the door, a group of about 30 people stood there with worries. Some of them were old and young, and they seemed to have been six or seven years old. With his white hair and wrinkles on his face, the eyes of those eyes flash with scary eyes. From the eyes of their eyes, they may even think that they are not like one at all. The aged old man is a middle-aged man with a strong figure and a fierce dragon. Most of the rest are middle-aged men aged 30 to 40. All of them are imposing and impeccable in appearance. At first glance, they know that they are extraordinary people.And in the room opposite them, there was a woman crying with pain."Mrs. forcefully, hard, and she's going to come out right away, and she'll come out right away...." A little eager voice followed, sounding a little old, and I knew at a glance that the voice's owner was not young. But also women.Outside the room, the middle-aged man, who walked in anxiously in front of the door, suddenly stopped and eagerly said, "Hey....it's been all day and night. How has Yuner not been born yet? If In such a drag, I am afraid that Yuner will also be adversely affected." The young man's voice is filled with worries and he is worried."Homeowner, don't worry, Mrs. Cloud will be all right. You must not forget that Madame Cloud is a bright teacher." A woman with white hair and wrinkled face on his face persuades him, though his tone is full of words. Self-confidence, but still hides the look of worry."Hey....." Wearing a white robe, the young man with a superior temperament once again sighed heavily. The look of anxiety on his face was still not reduced.Then a group of people waited outside the room for more than two hours. Finally, an excited voice came out of the room: "The owner, the owner, Mrs. Cloud was born, and Mrs. Cloud was born, and the mother and son were safe. He was a boy. "The voice is full of excitement.The voice of the young man who was anxiously waiting outside the door of the room was finally swept away. It was filled with excitement and excitement in his face. Then nothing was said, and he pushed the door open and disappeared. No, it's incredible that speed is incredible. It's definitely not an ordinary person's ability.The young man immediately came to a large bed in the room, sat on the edge of the bed, looked at the woman lying on the bed with concern, and said, "Yeah, how are you? You're okay!" The voice was soft and full. Concern.Lying on the bed is a young woman about 20 years old. Her appearance is beautiful, her dignified country is full of glory. It is a beautiful face that is already fragrant and sweaty, her face is slightly white, and her face is exhausted. color.Looking at the young man with tired eyes, the woman smiled on her face and said, "My husband-in-law, I'm fine, let me see our children.""Good! Good! Good! Yuner is fine." The young man's face showed a happy smile. Then he turned to look at the midwife next to the child. When he was about to speak, he saw the midwife's brow tight. Tightly wrinkled, staring strangely at the baby he was holding in his arms, his hands kept playing, his mouth kept yelling, "Cry, cry, your child. Why don't we cry, strangely enough, I have been delivering for such a long time. There are not thousands of children born in my hand, but there are also hundreds of them. For the first time, I have seen a child who was not crying at first.”At this time, a group of people outside entered the room one by one, one by one with a smile on their faces, and they all greeted the woman lying in bed.The middle-aged man had a happy smile on his face and said softly to the woman lying on the bed: "Yun Yun, you lay down for a while and I went to carry the child over." Then, the young man got up and came The name of the midwife, said: "What happened, is this child does not have any problems." Young men's tone is slightly heavy, some children will be born with natural emergencies, this is a very common thing, and the occurrence of The number of times is still quite a few. He is really afraid of what's wrong with his own children.Wen Sheng, the face of the midwife, looked at the young man and said respectfully: "I don't know if there is any problem with the owner and the young master, but according to my decades of experience in giving birth. Every child will cry when he is born, but the situation of your young master is a little different. You see, he didn't even cry when he was born. This is very strange.”Hearing that, the young man frowned and looked at the baby that was being held by the midwife, and saw that the baby’s bright eyes without any impurities were turning around and looking at it. I would stare there for a while, very cute, and it looks like there is no problem.However, he did not see it, deep in the eyes of the baby that is bright without impurities, but with a deep shock and can not believe it.Afterwards, the young man put one hand on the baby's body and saw a sudden, sultry, yellowish glow on the palm of his hand.Seeing the action of the young man, the face of the midwife also became a little uneasy. She was only a small midwife and was a person living at the bottom. She was really afraid of the baby in her arms. Otherwise, the young man was blamed for the crime, but the consequences were not what she could afford. Although this matter had nothing to do with her, she did not have the ability to excuse everything.The young man quickly withdrew his hand, and the heart that had been lifted in his heart was finally put down. A happy smile appeared on his face. "The child is all well and there is no problem at all." The young man said. He took the baby from the midwife.After listening to this, the midwife suddenly breathed a sigh of relief. The heart that had been lifted was finally put down, and a happy smile appeared on his face. “The adult’s owner is saying, maybe it’s representative of the young master’s. Unusually, young masters will surely become a masterpiece in the future."After listening to the midwife's sentence, the young man, despite knowing that everything was very embarrassing, couldn't help but laugh, and said, "All right, all right, all right. I hope so, come, come and fight. Reward mother’s 100 gold coins.”Hearing that, the midwife looked overjoyed, and suddenly the tone of excitement was: "Thank you for your reward, thank you for your reward!"The young people took the baby to the woman lying on the bed and said with a happy face: "Yun Yun, you see, this is our child. How lovely is it."The woman, known as Yuner, reached out and embraced the baby. He kissed the baby's face with a kiss, and said: "Oh, husband, since the boy is a boy, according to our previous agreement, the child was named Changyang. Xiang Tian it."The young people laughed and said, "Yes, now I formally give my child a name and Changyang Xiangtian, come, invite all the guests in the city of Lore. I will have a banquet in Changyang Prefecture tomorrow, and I'll celebrate it..."In an instant, the time has passed. In front of a small lake in a large courtyard, a young boy less than a meter tall is standing there blankly, eyes staring intently at the center of the small lake. Rockery, the little boy wearing a gorgeous dress, the look on his face is very complex, so this look appears on a young boy who is younger than three years old and looks quite different.The young boy is Changyang Xiangtian. At this moment, in the mind of Changyang Xiangtian, there is a continuous scene of thrilling movements, as if slowly moving past the movie, it is in an endless range of mountains. In the two sword-type mountain peaks, a very handsome young man, who was only 20 years old, was armed with a long sword, and fought with the undefeated master who defeated the rivers and lakes a hundred years ago. At the time of death, the strength once again broke through and reached the realm of "God's Imperial Sword." Toutut defeated the sword and put it through the throat, so that both of them eventually died.