A hundred meters away, a large group of villagers in Huangjia Village were stunned and looked at the sword dust that fell on the ground. His face was shocked.A loud voice spread to a radius of several kilometers and leaped up to fifty meters above sea level. A big blow hit the ground hundreds of meters away, and the soil blew up. A group of people have been completely sluggish. Some of them even stopped thinking.It is no exaggeration to say that this scene that occurred before us has completely overturned their perception. After all, people in this village lived almost all their lives in this small mountain village and rarely went out and walked around, so they were strong outsiders. It does not even know exactly who has such a strong power. Even the old village chief who possesses the power of the Holy Powers has only heard about the outside world, and he has not heard much about it. Like a sword dust, he jumped to a height of 50 meters and punched a hundred meters away. The scene of the ground hit a big hole, or the first time they saw it.At this moment, the eyes of the villagers looking to Jian Chen have completely changed. The kind of adoring, respectful gaze that is mixed in them is a little frightening and unbelievable.Even if it was the scene we saw with our own eyes, but their minds were still unbelievable. A young man who was young but only in his early twenties possessed such a powerful force.Feeling the sacred power in his own body, there is a strong self-confidence in the heart of Jian Chen. Although his current strength is not enough to confront the strong men of the Holy Land, he will meet a large group of people again. The Holy Teacher, who will not be beaten by the wolf, will eventually be forced to use the supernatural power of God's Imperial Sword to escape.Jian Chen’s eyes stayed on the light wind sword in his right hand. After the strength broke from the sages to the Grand Master, he could clearly feel that his sacred sword had also changed. Feng Jian, from the appearance point of view, more silver than ever before, that white like a mirror-like sword inadvertently exudes a layer of bright white brilliance, it is distributed in the sword body out of the sword Mang, although it looks inconspicuous, but on this layer of faint light, it can wear gold, containing unimaginable attack.Apart from that, even the brilliance of the Breeze Sword has greatly improved a step. The sword dust is self-confident. Even if there is a difference between the earthly Master and the Great Master, it is necessary to destroy the one in his own hands. Only two fingers of light wind sword is very difficult.Slowly recovered the light breeze sword, sword dust looked around and looked at the next, when he saw the side of the building has fallen off the cabin, his face could not help showing a trace of wry smile, then slowly came to the Rose outside 100 meters In front of the subject, he said with a bit of apologetic tone: "Uncle, it's embarrassing to ruin your house."Although Roscoe's heart was shocked by the strength of the sword dust, he was a mercenary after all. He quickly slammed the horror of his heart and reached out to slap the sword dust shoulders, laughing: " Nothing is all right, it's not a house. I'm going to cut a few trees and rebuild it. Boy, I'm really looking away. I can't think of you being young, but I have so much strength. It makes me feel too Surprised." Roscoe's tone was mixed with excitement and excitement.“Haha, Jian Chen’s little brother said this very politely. A wooden house only. We can build it again in two or three hours. However, the little brother of Jian Chen has just made a big impression, but let me wait and see. All of you said, isn't it?” The old village chief also laughed, and his voice was very harmonious.    "Yeah yeah….."With the old village chief, a group of villagers behind him also said in a consonant manner, one by one watching the sword dust with the eyes of worship.“Yeah!” At this moment, the old village chief snorted and his old eyes fixed on the face of the sword dust. He asked strangely, “How can your face turn white, I remember a few days? Before, your face is still red."Wen Yan, not waiting for the sword dust to speak, Roscoe first said: "Ha ha, the village chief, ah, the skin of the family's little brother has always been white, a few days ago was only taking medication, it is his face change It's red."The head of the village suddenly realized, oh, he smiled and said: "White's good, white's good, white's better to read, did not expect the Jiandun brother is not only powerful, but even people have grown so good-looking, this Mo Yang, in It's estimated that it will be able to fascinate a large number of girls."In a word, everyone was stunned and laughed. However, no one would doubt the words of the old village chief. All people are very much in agreement with this view.Jian Chen showed a slight smile on his face, the old village chief's sentence, get him a burst of speechless.Suddenly, Jian Chen’s face changed slightly, and suddenly the whole body began to tremble violently. A powerful momentum spread out of the body uncontrollably, pushing a group of villagers in front of him to continue to recede. Some people fell to the ground because of this.At this moment, the handsome white face of Jian Chen’s face has already turned into a purple side. He has two colors in the back. Even the depths of the eyes of a pair of eyes have emerged from time to time. Weak only.Roscoe was pushed by the sword dust to the momentum of more than 20 meters to gradually stabilize his body, but he looked up and looked at the dust with puzzled eyes, immediately found that the sword dust is not right, the moment in my heart Slightly sank, hurriedly said: "Young man, what happened to you?"The entire body of the sword dust is trembling slightly, the muscles of his face constantly shaking, even the eyes, but also flickering purple and blue light."Retreat... Retreat... Retreat .... You .... You all .... Retire... Retire... After... Stay away ....... I... Don't... Approach...” The sword dust is very hard to say this sentence, and then immediately sit cross-legged The ground closed his eyes."What's going on, what happened to the little brother of Jian Chen? It wouldn't be a matter of cultivation.""What happened to the Little Brother?"A group of villagers stood at a distance and one by one was puzzled to stare at the sword dust sitting cross-legged on the ground.Roscoe's face became very dignified. He was once a sages. He was only destroyed by the sacred soldier and was degraded into a waste person. Therefore, he has to understand many things than the villagers who have been living here. In the state of dust, he has already realized that what the sword dust might do in cultivation is something wrong.“Backward, we all receded. Before the young man did not wake up, we all had better not make a sound, so as not to bother him.” Roscoe whispered immediately, and then took more than a hundred villagers. The ground retreated.