Chapter 20 Challenges ()The other party was so aggressive that the dust in the dust of the sword couldn't help but stare at Kadiliang with disdain. The tone of the sword dust could not help but exorbitantly high: "If you are defeated, what qualifications do you like to challenge me?" “Dust’s tone is faintly arrogant in his tone. This was naturally cultivated in his previous life, and he was inadvertently revealed.However, when he heard Jian Chen’s men’s defeated words, Katie’s handsome face was sullenly sullen and his eyes flashed with angry anger, if not dare to violate the rules of prohibiting all fighting in the library. I'm afraid he has already shot it.Kadi Qiuli, who was standing next to Kadi Liang, was also angry in her face. She stared at the sword dust with angrily and shouted, "Oh, even my brother's challenge is not acceptable. You are still not a man."After listening to Cady Qiuli's words, Kadi brightened her eyes and refrained from the anger in her heart. She used disdainful words: "That is, I dare not accept the challenges of others. This is a coward's act, Chang Yangxiang. God, I'll wait for you in the contest. If you admit that you're a coward, then you won't use it. Sister-in-law, let's go, go to the martial arts field!” Once the words were over, Kadi Liang once again hated it. Eye sword dust, turned and walked outside the library."Hey, Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​have you heard this? You dared not come to be a coward!" After leaving this sentence, Kadi Qiuli also turned and left here."Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​isn't this the new king who won the championship in this new contest?....""Yeah, I have heard that Changyang Xiangtian has defeated several new students who possess the power of nine sacred powers with their power of eternal power. It is very powerful...."After Kadi Qiuli walked away, the entire library suddenly rang up with the clamor of “嗡嗡”. Without exception, all the people talked about was Changyang Xiangtian who won the championship of this new contest.Sitting on the opposite side of the sword dust, the girl looked a little surprised and saw the dust, a pair of beautiful eyes gently bowed, from the expression on his face can clearly see that a trace of unexpected look.Jian Chen slowly closed the book in his hands. At the moment, his face was very ugly. He was disturbed by the two brothers and sisters of Cadillac. He did not continue to read the book, and Kadi Liang’s two brothers and sisters had said this. On the copy, but also from the sword dust do not accept their challenges, otherwise, I am afraid that the school teachers and students will look down upon himself, although the sword dust is not valued for their own reputation, but behind him is Changyang House, but also his brother Changyang Tiger is still here, if he should not fight, then that non-condensing is discredited Changyang House, even the big brother Changyang Tiger in the college are immune to others' cynicism.Jian Chen slowly stood up from his chair and held the books in his hands toward the bookshelf in front of him. After the book was put back in place, he walked straight out of the library. At this moment, all the books in the library People's eyes are gathered in Jian Chen's body.“Hey! Changyang Xiangtian!” Just as Jian Chen just walked to the door of the library, the girl who was sitting opposite him suddenly said.Wen Sheng, Jian Chen subconsciously stopped and looked calmly at the name of the long Tianzi color of the young girl, said a touch of tone: "Is there something?"Listening to the unimpressive tone of the sword dust, the girl was a bit dissatisfied, but did not say anything. Then she walked in front of the sword and said softly: “Changyang Xiangtian, you are going to Has the ring to accept his challenge?""Yes!" Jian Chen nodded slightly and whispered."Actually, this challenge is totally unacceptable. The library is forbidden to make loud noises. The person just violated the rules set by the college. You can go to the principal and tell him that he will be punished. No one in the school has ever dared to violate the principal’s orders,” the teenage girl said.After listening to these words, the impression of the girl in the mind of Jian Chen was a lot better. Then he chuckled and said: “Since he has already said this, then I will go for this challenge. !” After the words were finished, Jian Chen no longer spoke and went straight out of the library.The young girl looked at the back of Jian Chen’s disappearing eyes. Her eyes flickered a little. He hesitated a moment, immediately ran to the table she had just sat, and put the thick book she had just seen. On the bookshelf, then stepped out of the library and walked toward the field of martial arts.After the girl went away, the library quieted down and suddenly made a loud noise: "There is a good show, and the new king of the Eight Holy Powers will fight for the power of the Holy Spirit. He will not see fools. "With the voice, I saw a boy about ten years old wearing a school uniform running straight out of the library.After the two of them left, some of the colleges that read books in the library also put their books back in their places, and they left here to continue to compete in the contest.The school’s contest field is built on a corner of the playground. There are five circular bowls with a diameter of about 20 meters. However, the size of the martial arts field is not large. It can only accommodate hundreds of people. In the past few days, the new-generation contest will not be held on the playground.When the sword dust came to the martial arts field, I saw Kadi brightly standing on a platform with his arms and arms and proud face. In addition, there were dozens of students dressed in school uniforms besides Kadi Qiuli. The students stood talking under the ring.Looking at the sword dust coming from afar, he stood on the face of Kadi’s face and smiled in a sneer and said loudly, “I thought you were really a coward. I dared not come here.”“Hey!” The sword dust blew out with a disdain and squeaked, and he jumped directly onto the ring. He stood with his hands on his chest and stood on the platform. The cold road: “let me do it, I’ll let you ten strokes. Within these ten strokes, I never fight back."After listening to the arrogant words of the sword dust, dozens of students who watched underneath the ring have issued screams and whispered comments. Most of them are old school students. Among them, there are many. People's hearts are not optimistic about sword dust. They all believe that the reason why Jian Dian was able to win Kadi Liang when he was in the last freshman contest was entirely caused by Cadi Liang’s carelessness.The look of anger in Kadi's eyes was very bright. Everyone in the words of Jian Chen heard this. It was clearly that he could not afford to say what he meant."Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​you are even more mad than I thought." Cady relented.Jiandi's eyes looked plainly at Kadi, and his tone was faint: "I'll hurry up and I don't spend so much time with you!""Hey!" Kardi blew coldly and sneered, "What are you hurrying about? After waiting for someone to get together, I will defeat you under a crowd of people." The last time I lost to sword dust in the new contest, let Cady's heart in a bright heart, especially the sword dust kick in his ass, for him, is simply an unforgettable shame. In Cady's bright heart, one thinks that the freshman contest will be lost to Jian Chen with his own carelessness, so he wants to take this opportunity to redeem the last lost face, and then humiliate the sword and dust again.Gradually, there are more and more people around the martial arts arena, and the number of people around them continues to increase. There are still a lot of students coming from the distance and they are really heading towards the field of martial arts. The challenge this time is very Obvious news was announced by Kadi Liang.In a short span of effort, no less than two hundred people have gathered around the martial arts field. Almost all of them are holding a lively attitude. In the crowd, Kadiyun’s older brother Kadiyun also stands in the crowd. Among them, there are several men and women of similar age and age."Four younger brothers, refueling, big brother, I am optimistic about you!" Suddenly, a little simple and honest, but familiar with the incomparable voice passed down from under the ring.Wen Sheng, Jian Chen turned his head and saw that Big Brother Chang Yang Hu was standing under the ring and looked at himself with encouragement.There was a slight smile on the face of Jian Chen. He nodded his head toward Changyang Tiger and said nothing.At this moment, I didn't know who had brought in a table and shouted, "Betting! Betting! Whoever wants to buy someone to win will be quick to buy....""I bought Cady's victory, ten gold coins....""I buy Changyang Xiang Tiansheng, twenty gold coins.....""I bought Cady's victory, fifty gold coins...."Gradually, the competition between Jian Chen and Kadi Liang has been regarded as a gamble by the students around them. Those who can come here to watch at the time of class are almost all of them born in noble families. There is no shortage of money. The bet ranged from ten gold coins to ten purple gold coins. Almost 80 percent of the bets were bought by Cardi, and only 20 percent of those who bought sword dust won. about."Ten purple gold coins, I bought Changyang Xiang Tiansheng!" Changyang Tiger drew ten purple gold coins from the body and placed it on the table."I also bought Changyang Xiang Tiansheng, ten purple gold coins!" Immediately behind the Changyang Tiger, a soft and agile voice suddenly rang. It was actually in the library, sitting in the long opposite of Jian Chen. The girls of the Tianzi color, the girls were born in the big family, and they were filled with nobleness in their speech and deportment, as if they were born.See that the girls actually put ten purple gold coins on Changyang Xiangtian. Many people showed their surprised look. Changyang Tiger is the big brother of Changyang Xiangtian and Changyang Xiang Tiansheng can understand it, but the act of the young girl makes a lot of people. Feeling puzzled, despite this, no one said anything.On the stage, Jian Dian looked at Cardy with a weird face and said, "You can start now."Kadi Liang's face was full of self-confidence, and he sneered, "Changyang Xiangtian has just said that you want me to give me ten strokes. Now I regret it too late.""A gentleman has a word, and it's hard to chase after horses. If you put a horse over it, it is.""Hurricane!" Although Kadi Liang was very vague about the meaning of the phrase "a gentleman speaks hard, hard to chase hard to chase", but as long as he guesses at random, he also understands the general meaning of the words. Then, Kadi Liang is no longer nonsense, Directly rushed toward the sword dust, since the sword dust said to let him ten strokes, then he did not take into account, just let go attack.Kadi Liang quickly rushed to the front of the sword and punched it straight to the sword dust. The attack of this boxing was very fast, with the sound of breaking the air.In the face of Kadi Liang's fist, Jian Chen only stepped back a small step. Kadi Liang's fist stopped short of the length of his arm when he reached his face."Call .... good insurance, it was hit by a little bit.....""This Changyang Xiangtian won't be able to achieve this strength. Before the match was just begun, it was almost hit. If it were hit by this punch, I'm afraid it will not be hurt lightly, and the outcome can be divided.""This is Changyang's luck. It's so good luck that he can hide from him..."The vast majority of people around the Fujian and Taiwan think that the sword dust is the limit of danger. It happened to escape this boxing, and only a few people saw the mysticism. Some changes have taken place in the eyes of Jian Chen.