Chapter 21 The Holy One - Cady CloudSeeing that he was so bad that he could hit the other side, Cady couldn't help but felt a bit sorry, but he couldn't slow his hands and kicked him quickly toward Jian Chen.Soon, the limit of 10 strokes has passed. Within the ten strokes, Jian Chen did not fight back. He faced Cardy's attack and all easily escaped. In the eyes of others, the sword dust almost escaped once every time. The attacks were limited by the dangers and limitations. This caused many people to pinch sweats, including Changyang Tiger.Although Kadi Liang's attack was very rapid, but even within the ten strokes, even the clothes of the sword dust were not touched. This did not allow Cardy to feel very angry in the bright heart.Raising his hand to block Kadiliang's fist, Jianqi said with a touch of subtlety: "Ten strokes have passed, and then I have to fight back." Then, Jiandeng kicked Kadi to kick.This foot was very fast, and it was too late to dodge. When Kadiliang reached for a block, and his hand had just reached halfway, Jiandeng's leg had already kicked Kadigh's chest."Hey! Hey! Hey!"The strong impact from the leg made Cady Leung step back a few steps before he got a firm foothold. When the body was stable, Kadi looked into Jian Chen's eyes with a slight look of awkwardness. The strength of the Eight Holy Powers, but the strength of this leg is beyond his imagination, almost let him overwhelmed.At the last freshman contest, Kadi Liang did not have a direct confrontation with Jian Chen, so he did not understand the exact strength of Jian Chen. At this moment, after a fight, he realized that the strength of Jian Chen was stronger than he had imagined. It is even more powerful, and from the powerful power that has just flowed on that leg, he even suspects that the strength of Jian Chen’s strength is simply more than an eternal power.Jian Chen may also want to hurry to end the battle, and did not give Kadiyun breathe time, body quickly forward, a boxing out, to Kademi's nose hit, very fast.The look of Kadiliang's face gradually became dignified, his body a little embarrassed to escape the fist of dust, and then picked up his fist and bowed toward the head of sword dust.A dusty sneer appeared in the mouth of the sword dust. He held out a hand and blocked Caddy's fist. At the same time, the other hand clasped Caddy's arm, and then his feet stood steady and his waist sank. With his arms stretched violently, he grabbed one of Caddy's bright arms and dumped him far away.This is the wrestling technique that sword dust in past life learned in Mongolia. Although he only mastered swordsmanship in his life, but he has a long way to go, and the nature is also very broad. He learns from his almost unforgettable skills. Naturally there are many things to come. Apart from swordsmanship, there is also a lot of miscellaneous sword dust, but they all know some fur.Kadi Liang's body put Buddha light like a feather, was dumped by the sword dust lightly, volley flew four or five meters distance, and finally "touch!" Singer hate fell to the ring.    "Suck….."Looking at the sword dust that is not strong, but there is still a weak body can actually make such a move, a lot of classmates in the ring are sucking a cool air, for a time, all look to the eyes of the sword dust are There has been a change. After two fights, no one dared to underestimate the sword dust.The faces of Kadiyun and Kadi Qiuli have gradually become ugly. This situation is beyond the expectation of the two."Hey! Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​you really have a bit of skill." Cady Yun said teeth, a little low tone.Kadi was extremely embarrassed and crawled up from the ring. His face was gloomy and his eyes were full of spite."Ah!" Kadi light made a roar, the strength of the sacred power belonging to the ninth layer had been fully concentrated on the double palms, and then quickly came to the front of the sword dust, both palms pressed at the same time, toward the chest of the sword dust I hit you.The sword dust sneers, the Holy Power of the body quickly condenses on the double palms, and then suddenly shoots out, colliding with Kadi Liang's palms.    "bump!"With a drowsy sound, Jian Zhang and Kadi Liang collided with the palms of the two palms. The two hands touched each other, and the powerful anti-shock force allowed both of them to retreat back quickly.The body of the sword continues to be twisted, his feet staggered constantly, and with that skill, he quickly unloaded the force of the anti-quake. He looked at the Kadi, who was still retreating from the opposite side, and the fierce god of light from the sword. The eyes flashed away, and then the body swiftly rushed forward, and then leaped high, kicking hard to the still-retreated Cardy.In the absence of control of the body, Kadi Liang did not have spare energy to resist. He was directly kicked on the chest with a strong kick of sword dust, and suddenly the entire person was kicked and flew down the ring.“Hey!” He fell to the ground, and Caddy’s face became pale and he immediately spewed out of his mouth with a blood that apparently had not been hurt."Second brother!""Brother!"Kadi Liang and Kadi Qiuli both rushed to Ka Diliang side, looking at his face has become pale, his mouth still has some traces of Kadi bright blood, the two faces are full of worries."Your younger brother, are you all right?" Kadiyun asked quietly. Her face had become very ugly. This time was different from the last time. At the last new student contest, Kadi Liang could be said to be a momentary negligence. After the sword dust, this time it was different. This time, Kadi Liang lost to the other side in the up-and-down fight with Jian Dian. This does not mean that the Holy Power has reached the ninth floor of Cady Cloud. Isn't it better than just 80% of the Holy Spirit?"What are you doing with my brother? Is it a heavy injury?" Cadi Qiuli asked in a concerned voice. The tone was full of worries.Kadi Liang stood up hard under the help of the two men and gently shook his head and said: "Big Brother, Sanmei, I'm fine, but only suffered minor injuries." Kadi Liang's tone is weak and weak .Looking at Kadi's pale face, Kadiyun braved the anger of her eyes and looked up sharply at the sword dust standing on the ring. The tone was low and said: "Sister, you take care of your younger brother, I Let's go over the maniac!” Said Caddy, who jumped directly to the ring."Brother can't.....""Big Brother Don't....."Kadiyun and Kadi Qiuli were about to stop, but unfortunately it was too late. I looked at Kadiyun who was already in the ring, Kadi Liang and Kadi Qiuli both sighed at the same time. Whether the battle of Kadiyun was Victory is negative. From then on, the prestige of the Cady family at Karjas College will be greatly reduced. The original was a fair duel, even if it was lost, it would be a big deal to lose some face, but now Kadi Yun a stir, the result will be changed, and a school has been a few years old to actually bully A freshman, after the incident was passed out, their three brothers and sisters were unavoidably ridiculed by the college.Jiandi’s eyes looked dull and looked at Kadiyun who was in the ring. His face showed a faint sneer and said, “Are you going to avenge your second brother?”Kadiyun stared at the sword dust sharply, and gave a cold cry. Shen Xiang said: "Changyang Xiangtian, your strength is indeed very strong, but since you hurt my second brother, then I definitely will not let you intact Left the ring."After listening to these words, many people who watched the match under the ring were Zou's brows, and the sight of Kadiyun suddenly changed."Kadi Yun, what do you mean, is it right? I haven't bullied me in Changyang." The voice of Kadiyun just fell, and a voice that was a little thick and honest was sent down from under the ring. Then he saw a shadow from the ring. The upstairs, it turned out to be the big brother of Chang Chen Yang Hu.Changyang tiger stared at Cadyyun with fierce eyes and angered: "Kadiyun, I will fight with you."Looking at the Changyang Tiger who was willing to stand up for himself, Jian Chen couldn't help feeling warm and whispered: "Brother, if you go down, I can solve this matter."Changyang Tiger shook his head and said: "No, four younger brothers, you still go down, and the strength of Cadillac has already reached the peak of the Holy Power's tenth layer. You are not his opponent. Big Brother will help you get him."After listening to these words, Jian Chen slightly hesitated, then nodded slightly and said: "Brother, then you are careful." Then, the sword dust directly under the ring.Kadi Cloud looked at Changyang Tiger somewhat disdainfully and sneered: "Changyang Tiger, you ask for food and you can't blame me.""Hey, you said this too early, but whoever wins or not isn't necessarily." Changyang Tiger sounded cold, and both he and Kadiyun’s strength were in the ten pinnacle of the Holy Spirit's peak. If Di Yun did not condense the sacred soldier into the Holy One, their strength was between them.There was a ridiculous look on Cady’s face and the eyes of Changyang Tiger were full of disdain. Then his right hand slowly lifted, and saw a powerful wave of golden energy that was uploaded from his right hand and gradually condensed into a golden one. The Great Sword, the Golden Sword is very large. It is five feet long and spans wide. From the long hilt, this is a two-handed giant sword.Looking at the sudden emergence of the two-handed giant sword in the hand of Cady Cloud, the Jian Chen brows slightly. In the Changyang Tiger, he read a lot of books about the sectarians. He naturally could see that the sword was a relief. The sacred soldier of the cloud, this is the first sacred soldier seen since the sword dust arrived in this world. Although he had already understood in his heart that the sacred soldier was a weapon formed by the holy forces of the body, he had witnessed it at the moment. Seeing that, in the dust of the sword still can not help but a surprise, although he can clearly feel that the sacred soldiers are completely formed by the energy condensation, but it looks like it is a physical weapon like, actually there is no energy The illusionary feeling of this, so that the sword dust was surprised.As soon as the golden two-handed giant sword appeared, a sound of exclamation began to be heard."Sacred soldier, he actually condenses into a sacred soldier....""The saint, he has become a saint.....""The Cady cloud has successfully condensed out the sacred soldiers. Now Changyang Tiger is in trouble....."From the peak of the Ten Commandments to the Holy Ones, there is only one step between them, but this step is very difficult to achieve. In the College of Carcass, the strength of most of the old students has reached the power of the Holy Spirit. At the top of the stratum, there is no exception to being stuck in the step of condensing the sacred soldiers. If there is no natural talent beyond ordinary people, it is very difficult to condense the sectarians. Many people on Tianyuan mainland can only survive for their entire lives. Staying at the pinnacle of the 10th floor of St. Force, you will never be able to break into becoming a saint. It can be seen from this that how difficult it is to successfully advance to sanctification.Once it has become a saint, it will greatly increase its strength. The sacred soldier is not only their only weapon, but also has the same mind as the director, and can also send a powerful attack far beyond his own strength.Looking at the golden two-handed giant sword in the hands of Cady’s Cloud, the face of the Changyang Tiger became very ugly. With the Cadet Cadi Cloud, his strength has also turned upside down, definitely not a single one. The power of the Holy Spirit can be countered by the people of the ten-story peak."Big Brother actually succeeded in condensing the sacred soldiers." Under the ring, Kadi Qiuli looked at the sacred soldier in the hands of Cadyyun with a pleasant surprise.Envious eyes looked at the golden giant sword in the hands of Cady Cloud. Caddy's face was full of surprises. For Cady Cloud’s success in becoming a saint, Kadi Liang and Kadi Qiuli were also brothers and sisters. It is only now known.Holding the sacred soldier, Kadiyun's confidence suddenly swelled to an unprecedented height. His look filled with pride, watching the face of Changyang Tiger that became very ugly, and there was an indescribable pleasure in mind."Hahahahaha, Changyanghu, are you afraid? Give me three rings and then call grandfather. I'll let you off today. Otherwise, you know what the consequences will be." The cloud is laughing wildly, his tone is very wild.After hearing this, Changyang Tiger’s face became intense and angry and said, “You dream, Kadiyun. Even if you become a saint, I am not afraid of you.”Kadi arrogantly looked at Changyang Tiger and disdainfully said, "Changyang Tiger, what do you think of fighting me?"Chang Yang Hu stared angrily at Cady cloud, braving the anger in his eyes."Changyang Tiger, take the sword!"At this moment, an iron sword still came up from under the ring and flew directly in the direction of the Changyang Tiger.Changyang Tiger reached out and took over the iron sword, but the body could not resist the slight sinking. The weight of the iron sword was obviously not light, the iron sword was very large, the silver-bright sword body was cold and bright, in addition to the different colors, the shape and There is not much difference between the giant swords held by Kadi Cloud.