Chapter Twenty-two vs. Cady CloudWith the sword in hand, Changyang Tiger's gall bladder could not help but three points. Although he knew in his heart that he was still not an admirer of Kadiyun who had already been promoted to the Holy Spirit, there was at least a fight."Changyang Tiger, don't you think of fighting me with an ordinary iron sword? It's really wishful thinking. Now, I'll let you know about the power of the saints." Once the words were finished, Kadiyun quickly went to Changyang. The tiger rushed, and the two-meter long two-handed giant sword in his hands seemed to have no gravity in his hands, and swept away from Changyang Tiger with a piercing voice of a broken voice, and the speed was very fast.Changyang Tiger's face became very dignified, and the body quickly receded. When the Great Sword arrived, it was dangerously dangerous and hid. Kadiyun's two-handed giant sword swept over the clothes of the Changyang Tiger and swept it. A few rags slowly floated in the air.After being promoted to become a saint, the strength of Cady Cloud has undergone a radical change, and it is far from the fact that only the Changyang Tiger, who only has the strength of the ten-story Holy Spirit, is able to compare. It is only the first attack, and Changyang Tiger is very dangerous. ."Drink!" In the absence of a strike, Kadiyun's movements did not stop in the slightest, stepping forward, rushing down and squeezing out of the strong momentum that was squeezing tightly on the Changyang Tiger, and then waving the golden giant again. The sword was cut toward Changyang Tiger.Looking at the mighty giant sword, Changyang Tiger did not choose to hard-wire. With the iron sword built by ordinary Van Iron in his hands, he could hardly touch the sacred soldier with a strong attack in the hands of Kadiyun.The attack speed of the Great Sword is very fast, and it is simply not allowed by the Changyang Tiger to feel the giant sword on the head that is rapidly pulling closer to his own head. Changyang Tiger does not have the slightest reason because a lazy donkey is rolled directly and hides. At this moment, He also refused to take any image."Boom!"Just as Chang Yanghugang left, the Great Sword of Cady’s Cloud had been slamming into the position where Changyang Tiger had just stood. The powerful energy contained in the sacred soldier was directly in the ring built entirely of hard rocks. A deep crack left on the cracks around the cracks, like a spider's web like spread to the surrounding proliferation, full spread of one meter radius.At this time, the Changyang Tiger did not have time to recover the sacred soldier by the Cady cloud, waving the iron sword in his hand to go to Kadiyun."Hey!" Cady said, disdainfully, with a wave of both hands, his golden hands and great swords with a beautiful golden awn, with an extremely fast speed, the first to come, the iron swords of the sly and long Yang Hu hands. Collide with each other.With the sound of the ironclad collision, the iron sword in the hands of the Changyang Tiger was far from the Cadiz cloud. The strong anti-seismism force from the hilt brought the hands of the Changyang Tiger to both hands. The tiger's mouth was shattered and the blood flowed out.Immediately afterwards, Cady Yun kicked a kick and kicked directly into the chest of the Changyang Tiger. A powerful force directly flew up the body of the Changyang Tiger. It eventually flew down directly into the ring and the body was still in the air. A mouthful of blood was sprayed from the mouth of the Changyang Tiger, and his face became pale."Brother!" Jian Chen suddenly changed his face, then his feet, straight jumped up from the ground, in the air, sword dust feet running posture, in the eyes of everyone surprised and can not believe the fast Flying toward the Changyang Tiger, when the body of the Changyang Tiger was about to fall to the ground, the sword dust that had finally arrived in time was firmly caught.“Cough!” fell to the ground, and the Changyang Tiger coughed twice in a loud voice. Little blood rushed out of the mouth along with the cough. The strength of the saint was much stronger than that of the unsaved, although it was ten stories. The peak of the force is still the same, only this one, Changyang Tiger suffered a light internal injury."Big Brother, the weight of the injury is not heavy." Jian Chen resisted the anger in his heart and looked at the Changyang Tiger.Chang Yang Hu shook his head and his eyes were full of anger and stared at the proud Cady cloud in the ring. "I'm fine, I didn't expect Cady Yun to succeed in condensing his sacred soldier into a saint. Now he is a big brother. It is no longer his opponent.” Chang Yang Tiger's low tone, implied strong anger."I'm sorry, Big Brother, I'm tired of you." Looking at the Changyang Tiger, whose face became pale because of injury, there was a faint ambiguity in the heart of the sword.After listening to this, the Changyang tiger wrinkled his brow and suddenly turned his head and looked at Jian Chen with a bit of anger. He murmured: “Four brothers, what are you talking about? If you don’t, I’m your big brother. "Speaking of this, the look of Changyang Tiger has dimmed, and he sighed helplessly:" Unfortunately, it's no use for your eldest brother. Until now, it hasn't been a breakthrough to become a saint, otherwise, Cady Cloud. It is definitely not my opponent."Changyang Tiger's remarks made the dust felt warm in the heart of the sword. He looked up and looked at the Cady cloud on the platform. In the eyes of the sword dust, Hanmang flew away and his eyes revealed a faint disdain. Then he said plainly: "Brother, you're resting here for a while, I'll help you get revenge." Then, Jian Chen would like to walk toward the ring.After listening to the sword dust, the Changyang tiger face slightly changed, immediately grabbed the sword dust, said: "No, four younger brother, you are not an opponent of Cadillac, don't go."Jian Chen's face revealed a faint smile, said: "Brother, believe me." Jian Chen's look showed a strong sense of confidence, then broke away from the Changyang Tiger's grasp of their own hands and jumped directly to the ring."God, what is he going to do....""Looks like he's going to challenge Cady Cloud. My God, he's not crazy...""He has only eight strengths of Holy Power and he dares to challenge Khadi Cloud who has become a saint. Is he not asking for it?"As soon as the sword dust arose in the ring, a shocked voice came out of the ring. No one thought that only the sword dust of the Eight Holy Powers had condensed out the sacred soldiers and had become a rival to the Holy One's Cady Cloud. ."He, how can he be so reckless, Kadiyun is a saint, ah, the strength is stronger than the strength of a ten-story sacred person, how could he be Kadiyun's opponent." Under the ring, that name is The girl in the library sitting opposite Jian Chen was also smirking with an unbelievable stare at the sword dust on the stage. There was a faint concern among his eyes.Looked at the sword dust jumping in the ring, Kadi Yun looked guilty, but arbitrarily reflected, sneered: "How, Changyang Xiangtian, do you still want to fight with me!" Cady Yun simply Did not put the sword dust in his eyes, after all, he is already a saint.A look of disdain in the eyes of the sword dust, the tone of a touch of light: "Is it not possible?"Hearing, Cady Yun’s face stayed for a moment, and then his face showed a hint of smirk. “Yes, of course.” Now, Kadiyun is already thinking about how to deal with the shame of sword dust. Fan, after all, the last time in the New Year’s contest, the sword dust took a delicacy of Katie Qiu Li’s beauties and still had no image. This made Caddy Cadi’s two brothers always remembered because they were Both of them were very much in love with this younger sister.The sword dust rushed to the ring to pick up the two-handed giant sword that the Changyang Tiger had dropped. Feel the weight of the two-handed giant sword in his hands. The sword dust could not help but clenched slightly, despite the weight of the two-handed giant sword. Less than a hundred kilograms, but it is not far off, if not the power of the Holy Spirit in the body has reached the eighth floor, I am afraid that simply picking up this great sword is a very difficult thing.In previous lives, the weapon used by Jian Chen was a slender sword with two fingers wide. With the rapid sword method of hand and the arrogance of culmination on the kendo, the world was replaced by a two-handed giant sword. The sword dust was not only born. Feeling a hand and feet, this two-handed giant sword is very heavy. With this sword, sword dust can't be applied. After all, it's just a matter of dancing. This giant sword has to spend a lot of effort, but it's a pity here. Outside the Great Sword, there are no other weapons.Slightly hesitated, Jian Chen abandoned the idea of ​​using the Great Sword and planned to fight against Cady Cloud, so that at least he still had a great advantage in speed and dexterity.Came to the center of Fujian and Taiwan, Jiandi eyes calmly commented this Cady cloud, rubbed his fists and said: "You go out, I'll fight with you empty handed."Kadiyun's face changed slightly. In his view, this was clearly a sword dust that looked down upon himself. A saint's power still remained on the eighth floor. He actually said that he would fight with a sacred warrior who had condensed his sacred troops with bare hands. This non-condensing is insulting the saint.Kadiyun’s eyes gradually became cold, and Lengheng said, “Changyang Xiangtian, you are too arrogant.” To sum it up, Kadiyun’s golden hands and swords slowly disappeared. , sneered: "Lest people say I bully you, come on, I'll fight with you."After listening to these words, Jian Chen’s face suddenly showed a queer smile and he was no longer nonsense. The body quickly rushed forward. When he came to Kadiyun’s front, he punched it out with all his strength. With a shred of sound to the head of Cady Cloud hit.Kadiyun's face was always hung with a look of disdain, and the same boxed out, collided with the fists of the sword dust and crashed hard together, fists, faint golden light flowing, which is to achieve the strength of the Holy One The phenomenon will appear.Just when the fists of the two people were about to collide, between the electric light and the flint, the fist of the sword dust suddenly exploded into the palm, and when it came into contact with the fist of Cady Cloud, the dust of the sword dust reached its highest level. Suddenly the palm of his hand became a soft, sponge-like softness. Then the entire arm slowly glided through the trajectory of Taijiquan, swaying the fist of Kadiyun left Rao and wandering around in the air, blinking. He then unloaded Caddy’s fists, and then bolted out his other hand like a lightning bolt. His hand was a knife and he hit the joints in the middle of Kadi’s arm."Oh!"A sound of staggering bones was heard. The sword of Jian Chen directly dislocated the bones in the joints of Kadiyun. At the same time, Cady Cloud made a painful squeaky squeak, and the intense pain from his arm made his face pale.After a hand-knife hit the dislocation of the bones in the joints of Kadiyun's arm, the sword dust did not stop at all. A pair of Caddy's arms was tightly held by both hands and then twisted.    "what!"Suddenly, Kadiyun could no longer maintain her former demeanor and made a pig-like painful scream. The severe pain from the arms seemed to be broken like a whole arm. The heartache that struck him was that he was young. To the big never realized, just an instant, Cady's face became pale, and his forehead was covered with fine sweat.Listening to Caddy’s bleak screams, the chatter of the ins and outs of the original chatters became silent, and everyone looked at the sword dust on the ring. His eyes were full of incredible looks. The situation has clearly been diametrically opposed to what they thought.“When the four younger brothers became so fierce, look like that, Cady Yun’s kid must have eaten a small loss in his brother’s hand. He’s a holy man. Although he did not use the sacred soldier, he’s also strong. Absolutely stronger than me.” Chang Yang Hu looked at the two people in the ring and murmured in a low voice, full of surprise in his tone.