Chapter Twenty-Three Technique Frightfully Famous KargasWhen Cady Yun had pain, he picked up the other hand and squatted toward the arms of Jian Chen. At the same time, Cady's right leg quickly kicked towards the armpit of Jian Chen.Despite the restraint of the arm, Kadiyun can still make a good counterattack judgment. It is not difficult to see from this that Cady Cloud still has some experience in fighting against the enemy.In the face of the dual attacks of Cady Cloud, the sword dust could not be hard-wired. In desperation, he released his hands clutching the right arm of Cady Cloud. At the same time, he stepped on the pace of the mysterious, as if ghostly bypass Cady Cloud. The forerunner came to his back, and the strength of the Holy Spirit in the body was congealed on both hands, and he flew towards the back of Cady Cloud.Feeling the strong wind behind him, Kadiyun did not hesitate and immediately evaded aside. However, Kadiyun was surprised that no matter how he managed to dodge, the strong wind behind him always followed. He is moving.    "bump!"In the case where Kadiyun couldn’t escape, the dust of Jiandeng hit the back of Kadiyun. With a dull noise, Kadiyun’s body was strongly impacted. The pace could not be stopped. He rushed forward two steps, but he was, after all, a powerful saint who was stronger than the sword dust. He quickly stabilized himself. At the moment, his face was even whiter. Jianwu’s two palms hit him directly. In the same position, the superposition of the attack almost reached the full blow of the ten-story peak of Holy Power. Although he was stronger than the sword dust, he suffered some minor injuries. At the moment, he only felt that the blood in the body was tumbling. The five organs and six skeletons all came with great pain.When Cady Yun just stabilized his body, Jian Chen once again came behind him, and his right palm hit again on the body of Cady Cloud. The palm of the sword dust seemed to be light and fluttering, as if there was no force at all. Even so, but for those who have already seen the strength of the stock of sword dust, no one thinks that the sword dust is only so simple on the surface.Kadiyun turned suddenly and now his eyes are filled with extreme anger and he has suffered such a big loss in his opponent who is much weaker than himself. This is not a simple shame for him. .“Drink!” Cady’s cloud made a roar, and her eyes flashed with a mad look. The golden light on the fist continued to flash. The powerful sacred force continued to condense on the fist, and then leaned towards the chest of the sword dust. Hit, and for the sword dust that looks like a fluttering palm, Cady Yun did not dodge the preparations, intends to take the other side to hit the case, but also hit the sword dust.The only thing that happened was between the electric light and the Flint. Both of them attacked each other at the same time. The seemingly fluttering hands of the sword dust did not seem to have the slightest power, and was silently printed on the chest of Cady Cloud. Then, when the fist of Cady Cloud hit the body of Jian Chen, a dumbled sound was heard. The powerful Holy Power hit the fist of the sword dust chest to a fist-sized hole, exposing the white and tender woman to be It reveals the skin of the heart, but in the blink of an eye, the area hit by it becomes a clash."Hey! Hey! Hey!"After taking a punch from Kadiyun's almost full force, Jian Chen’s face changed slightly, and the skin color on his face that seemed to be slightly moisturized became pale, and he was struck by the powerful force on his fist. The irrepressible rapid retreat continued until the edge of the Taiwan-Taiwan was stopped. At this moment, the status of the sword dust looks like the person who is nothing more than his face is a little better than before. Cloud that has the strength of the Holy One blow, actually did not bring much damage to the sword dust.Although the strength of the sword dust is only eight layers of Holy Power, but since childhood, began to use the method described in the Purple Green Sword to practice the body, the body, meridians and the body of the internal organs of all the refining is very strong, so from the surface Although the Jian Chen's body is somewhat thin, but its physical defense and anti-strike ability is so staggering, although Cady is a saint, the strength is stronger than the sword dust, but if he does not use weapons, then It is very difficult to seriously injure the sword dust by relying solely on the fists. At most it is only a minor injury to the sword dust.In contrast, Kadiyun, although he is still standing in the original position, but at this moment his face has become very difficult to read, and the muscles of his face are shaking slightly, as if it is very painful.Before that, when the seemingly fluttering palm of sword dust was printed on his chest, a peculiar amount of power was directly introduced into him with the palm of the sword dust. When the power was just entering his body, suddenly, It became very furious and madly destroyed his internal organs in the body of Cady Cloud.Kadiyun is extremely gloomy face, fully running the Holy Power in the body to clear the chaos in the body, under the support of the powerful Holy Power, quickly put the sword dust into his body's strength to clear In spite of this, Kadiyun was also hurt by some injuries to the inner house. Although the injury was not heavy, it would have some impact on the next fight.Cold eyes and a look of calmly standing in the opposite side of the sword dust, the shock of Kadiyun is simply unparalleled, he never expected that, with his own strength of the Holy One, actually will be a Holy Power only eight People are so guilty that even if they do not use sacred soldiers, they still have to be able to overcome the strength of the tenth layer of the Holy Spirit, not to mention only eight layers of Holy Power.At this moment, after knowing that the sword dust was not good enough, Kadiyun couldn't help but feel like riding a tiger. After just these few encounters, he realized that if he did not use the sacred soldier, he would have difficulty defeating the sword dust. Even, Will be defeated by the other party. Even if he used the sacred soldiers to defeat the sword dust, it would definitely not be a glorious thing. Moreover, before he clearly stated that he would not use the sectarians, if he had violated at the moment, he would be considered to have won the final victory. I am afraid it will be disreputable, after all, there are many audiences under the ring, which is not lacking in some old students, and his Kadi cloud - the first son of the Cady family of the Kasem Empire can not afford this face.It was a long story and Caddy's thoughts were moving. At this moment, Jian Chen rushed toward Kadiyun again, hands into the palms, and constantly attacked Kadiyun. The speed of his captainship was very fast. The palm approach seemed to be extremely messy, but he always maintained a mysterious style. The trajectory is running, and if lightning-quick palms are trained into a string, it actually causes the sight of Cady Cloud to produce a mirage.Kadiyun was struggling to resist this sword dust attack. His right hand was dislocated and there was no time to pick it up. At this moment, only one left hand and two legs were used to resist the attack of sword dust. Nevertheless, with that, Absolutely stronger than the strength of the sword dust, Kadiyun also fell in an invincible position. At this moment, Cady Cloud has begun to face up with sword dust. There is no more than a small heart. In his mind, he has put the sword dust on his opponent of the same level.The two quickly fought in the ring. The battle condition was gradually stiffened. Each blow of Jian Chen was full of effort and he did not dare to retain anything. After all, the strength of Kadi Cloud was absolutely stronger than him. Only then did he. Can only be short-lived with the Cady cloud between the draw.The attack of sword dust was getting faster and faster. The palm method gradually became a piece in front of Kadiyun's eyes, and Kadiyun was getting more and more difficult to resist. Gradually, in front of Kadiyun, he saw the sky. Actually all of them are the shadows of the sword dust. It is difficult to tell whether they are true or false by their eyes. It is only by the ear force to capture the subtle sound of broken air brought by each palm.Finally, in the case of a negligence in Cady Cloud, the sword dust hit the left shoulder of Cady Cloud and was attacked. The next movement of Cady Cloud could not help but slow down. At this time, the sword dust was connected. The downfall had fallen in turmoil. It was like a raging storm hitting Cady's body."Touch! Touch! Touch!"The dull noises from the hands of Jian Chen’s palms on Cady’s Cloud almost developed into a single piece. He was attacked so fiercely, and the strength of the Cadillac’s strongest man could not be overcome, and his feet fell back again and again. , And there is a trace of blood flowing down the corner of the mouth.Seeing that Cady’s cloud had retreated to the edge of the ring, the fierce eyes of Jian Chen’s eyes flashed away. Then he sang a shout and once again struck a hand on the chest of Cady’s cloud. The power of this palm was higher than before. A lot of powerful, subject to this attack, Cady Cloud fell directly under the ring.Jian Chen gasped slightly in the ring and continued to exert his full power. His consumption of Holy Power was enormous. At the moment, the Holy Power in his body was already running out. If Cady Cloud was undefeated, then the sword dust was also Support will not be long.In the silence of the ring, everyone looked blankly at the sword dust standing alone in the ring. At this moment, everyone's eyes were full of incredible looks, and his face was not full of shocked look. This result has surpassed everyone's expectation. No one would think that only the eight-layer sword dust of Holy Power can actually defeat a saint, and most importantly, it is still under the condition that the Holy One is intact. The front will defeat it, and although the saint did not use the sect, the result still shook people in the venue.At this moment, there was a strange silence around the entire Yantai area. I am afraid that even a needle falling on the ground could clearly hear the sound. Although there were more than two hundred people around, no one made any noise."Big Brother...."After a moment, the silent scene was finally broken by a voice, and I saw Kadi Liang and Kadi Qiuli swiftly ran to the position where Kadiyun dropped.With the easy-going voice, the rest of the crowd suddenly awakened, and suddenly, the quiet surrounding the insomniac suddenly opened the pot, and noisy and excited voices began to rise."Oh my God, I am not dreaming. An eight-story Holy Power man can defeat a saint. This is unprecedented in our college..."“That Changyang Xiang is naively a freshman with only 80% of the Holy Power. I am afraid that even a person whose Holy Power has reached the top ten floors may not be able to defeat the Holy One who has not used the Holy Soldier.”...”"The strength of Changyang Xiangtian is more than the strength of the Eighth Layer of the Holy Power. Maybe he is already a holy person who condensed out the sacred soldiers. Otherwise, how could he defeat the Cady Cloud Master who has become a saint? .....""Changyang Xiangtian will not use any mean method to defeat the Cady cloud...."Jian Chen ignored the voice of everyone. After jumping down from the ring, he came straight to his brother Changyang and looked at his long Yang Hu who was staring at his face. Jianqi smiled and said, “Brother, I didn’t let you Disappointed, I won."The face of Changyang Tiger showed an excited look. His hands clasped the shoulders of Jian Chen. His tone of excitement was: "You are really too much, four brothers. You actually defeated the Kadiyun who has become a saint. , Big Brother, I really admire you. "Said, Chang Yang Hu directly to the sword dust came a bear hug.The sword dust face also showed a hint of happy smile, slowly broke away from the bear of Changyang Tiger, said: "Brother, there are too many people, we still leave here."