Chapter 24 SkillsHearing words, Chang Yanghu subconsciously looked around, then nodded his head and said: "Well, four younger brothers, let's go to your dormitory first. You must tell us how you defeated Cady Cloud, and then wait for today. In the evening, I will celebrate with a few friends."There was a faint smile on the face of Jian Chen. "Big Brother, I can teach you how to defeat Cady Cloud, but as for celebrating, I'll forget it.""Yes, it depends on you, walks, and four younger brothers. We first went back to the dormitory. It was too noisy here." Then, Changyang Hu took the sword dust and walked toward the dormitory."Changyang Xiangtian!"Just a few steps away from the sword dust, suddenly a delicate and soft voice rang from behind.Hearing this slightly familiar sound, Jian Chen slightly glimpsed and turned to look behind him. The person who spoke was actually the long, very beautiful girl she met in the library."Is there something?" The eyes calmly commented that the girl's looks of dreadful allure, the sword dust puzzled asked.The girl’s face showed a slight smile and seemed to be very happy. She lifted Yang with a small purse with exquisite workmanship in her hand and said: "Changyang Xiangtian, you have won for me for a hundred days. The purple gold coins are really thank you.” The voice of the young girl is always very soft, but it is very beautiful, like the chirping of the Lark, pleasant and pleasant.After listening to this, Changyang Tiger seemed to think of something like that. He squatted on his forehead and said: “Oh, you don’t say I still forgot, I’ve taken a hundred purple coins, but it’s all on me. The property has not been recovered yet. Four younger brothers, you are waiting for a while. Big Brother is going to get the money back.” If the words are not finished, the Changyang Tiger will rush past in the wind.Looking at the hustle and bustle of Changyang Hu, Jian Chen's face could not help but reveal a funny look. At this time, the young girl slowly walked to the front of the sword, a pair of beautiful eyes staring at the dust handsome face, smiled and said: "Hello! Changyang Xiangtian, my name is Youyue, I do not know Can I ask you a question."Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "You Yue students, if you have any questions, you can ask them, but I can't promise you the questions I can answer.""It doesn't matter!" Yuyue shallowly smiled and continued: "Changyang Xiangtian, may I really ask you if your strength is really only the eighth layer of Holy Power?"Wen Yan, Jian Chen slightly hesitated, then nodded and said: "Yes, at present my strength is still about the eighth floor, but I feel like it is not far from the ninth floor."After listening to these words, a look of surprise appeared in the eyes of Youyue. "Changyang Xiangtian, isn't your strength really less than that of the Holy One?" Yuyue's tone was a bit skeptical. Obviously, I don't quite believe Changyang Xiangtian's words.Listening to the quiet moon with a bit of suspicion, the sword dust frowned slightly, a bit unpleasant: "You Yue classmates, I seem to have already answered you." Although the other is a beautiful woman who looks like a country However, in the eyes of sword dust, it is no different from an ordinary woman.After listening to these words, the quiet moon immediately reflected and apologetically smiled and said: "I'm sorry, Changyang Xiangtian, but I was too surprised. Please don't take offense."The quiet moon voice just fell and I saw Changyang Tiger ran out of the crowd with a purse full of excitement. When I came to the front of the sword, the Changyang Tiger raised his bulging money. Bag, proudly said: "Four brothers, your big brother, I wisely, just a short time, won a hundred purple gold coins." One hundred purple coins for the average person is not a small Number of people, but for those civilians who are eating all day long, this one hundred purple gold coins is enough for their family of three to live a life of worry-free life.Looking at the bulging purse in Changyang Tiger's hands, Jian Chen’s face also showed a glimmer of delight. Then he said to this quiet moon, “If you don’t have anything, then I will leave first.”Yuyue smiled a little and said: "Well, I won't bother you. It's just that my book hasn't finished yet. I have to go back to the library. Changyang Xiangtian, goodbye!"Afterwards, Jian Chen returned to his dormitory with his brother Chang Yang Hu. Just after closing the dormitory door, Changyang Tiger could not wait to open his mouth: “Four younger brothers, now you should always talk about what method you used to defeat Cady Cloud. Well, what's the point with your strength, it's not like they said, you have become a saint." Behind the words, Chang Yang tiger could not help but look shocked look.Jian Chen gently shook his head and said: "No, big brother, my current strength is not far from the strength of the ninth floor. As for the Holy One, I have been away from that estimate for some time."After listening to these words, a look of doubt appeared on the face of the Changyang Tiger. "The four brothers, since your strength has not yet reached the Holy One, then how did you defeat the Cady Cloud?"The sword dust mysterious smile, said: "Oh, how do I beat Cady Yun, big brother you are not in the ring under the clear?"Heard that Changyang Tiger's face could not help but the reddish red, a little supportively said: "That .... that ..... Fourth Brother .... In fact .... In fact, the big brother is not clear under the ring, can you tell me? Look, ah.” Although the battle of Jian Chen and Kadi Yun Changyang Tiger is from the end to see the tail, but there is something that can not be seen by their eyesight, for example, the sword dust that looks like a fluttering palm The power of their own sacred power was transformed into a strange force that was sent into the body of Cady Cloud. This was not what they could see.The sword dust sat down on the bed and sat down and looked at the Changyang Tiger calmly. “Big Brother, I can defeat the Kadi Cloud who has become the Holy One with the power of the Eight Holy Spirit. Can do it.""Skills?" Heard, Chang Yang tiger's eyes revealed a puzzled look. He was not unfamiliar with the skills, because those teachers who attend classes in the college would talk about skills, because if two opponents with the same strength are fighting , it will rely on powerful military skills and skills to win, but fighting skills can not be learned so easily, even if learned, did not experience multiple battles, it simply can not be perfectly into the skills into the game and then Use it rationally. What makes Chang Yang Hu very puzzled is that this younger brother who is younger than himself and who has only been in the school for a few days actually has a very difficult technique. This can not help but surprise him."Four younger brothers, where did you learn skills." Changyang tiger full of curiosity.Jian Chen shook his head and said: "Brother, I can't tell you about this matter."After listening to this, Changyang Tiger's face revealed a look of regret. However, the next sentence of the sword dust made Changyang Tiger excitement: "Brother, if you want to learn skills fighting skills, I can teach you.""Really, that's good, my younger brother, when did you teach Big Brother skills? Now is it possible?” At this time, the Changyang Tiger was a bit too impatient to see it. It was really anxious to learn it immediately. And then, relying on his ten-story power of the Holy Spirit, he challenged the saints in the college who had conquered the sacred soldiers.Jian Chen smiled slightly and said: "Big Brother, I am better to teach you tomorrow, and tomorrow morning I will wait for you in the grove on the east side of the college.""The line, the four younger brothers, a word is set, tomorrow morning in the grove in the east side of the college collection." Changyang Hu agreed happily, although the teachers in the college can also teach the knowledge of skills, but Changyang Tiger In my heart, it is very clear that the teaching skills taught by those teachers are not as rich as those taught by the elders in the family. They cannot be used to defeat opponents who are stronger than they are.Afterwards, the two brothers of Jian Chen and Chang Yang Hu chatted with each other. Chang Yang Hu left the incident, and Jian Chen also consumed too much energy for the holy power in the body because of a war with Kadi Cloud, but also suffered minor injuries. , so stay in the dormitories to absorb the energy of the third-order magic nucleus to recover.As everyone knows, at this moment, the college has already been overturned. The fact that Jian Ding defeated the Kadiyun who has become the Holy One by virtue of the power of the Holy Spirit in eight stories has already spread throughout the college in a very short time. The teachers and students in the College of Kargas were shocked. When they heard this news, everyone felt unbelievable. This is definitely an unprecedented news in the case of the College of Kargas, because even a saint is not Using the sacred soldier, it is also very easy to defeat two of the ten strongest forces of the Holy Spirit. What's more, the latter is still a sacred force with only eight layers of freshmen.The sword dust alone defeated the saint who did not use the sacred soldier with the strength of the eight-story Holy Power. This matter was soon heard by the dean's ears.At the top of a high tower in the middle of the Kargath Academy, the dean was standing in front of the window with a pensive look, frowning and thinking for a moment. Then he asked: “Behn, what did you say? Changyang Xiang innocence defeated the Kadiyun who had become the Holy One just because of the strength of the eight-story Holy Power?” The Dean’s voice clearly carries a look of disbelief, which flashes in the deep eyes. This smart eyes.Behind the president, Bai Enzheng, a deputy dean in a white robe, stood there respectfully and listened to the dean’s words. Bai En immediately replied: “The dean, this is something I also listened to the students I am not quite sure about the specific situation, but now this matter has been rummaged in the college, and almost all teachers and students in the school know that Changyang Xiangtian, who has only eight layers of strength, has defeated the promotion. Kadiyun who is the Holy One, but in the rumors said that Kadiyun did not use sacred soldiers, but took empty hands with Changyang Xiangtian.”The dean reached out and touched the long beard of his chin and looked down at the meeting. “Since the rumors are so fierce, it seems that this matter is mostly true. Oh, it seems that the old man has brought this time. This kid is quite simple. It is incredible that it is impossible to defeat a saint alone on the strength of the strength of the Eight Holy Powers. It is unbelievable. Even if the saint did not use the sect, and it was just advanced, but The strength is definitely stronger than that of the ten-story Holy Power. This is probably the biggest incident that I have met since the establishment of Carcass College."Dean, this matter, what do you think we should do? I estimate that Changyang Xiangtian's ability to defeat a saint with the strength of the eight-story Holy Spirit will soon spread to those old people who have been practicing. In the ear, it may be a long time for Chang Yang Xiangtian to be in trouble.” Bai En asked in an open mouth. The tone was very respectful. From his eyes on the director’s eyes, his faintly adoring and worshiping faintly revealed.Hearing the words, the dean thought about the meeting, then waved his hand and said in a mild tone: "Forget it, it's up to them to make trouble. If we don't come up with too much, let's not get involved. Well, and this is for him, isn't it a test, how can it grow without experiencing storms?"