Chapter Twenty-Five Instructs BrotherIn an instant, three days have passed since the battle between Jian Chen and Kadi Cloud. Today, Chang Yang Xiang Tian’s name is almost unknown in the College of Cadenza.In these three days, in addition to teaching the fighting skills of Big Brother Changyang Tiger every morning in the small woods on the east side of the college, Jianchen spent the rest of the time in cultivation. Now there is a third-order magic core. The speed of cultivation of hand and sword dust is several times that of the past. Through this period of time, he also wanted to reach the tenth floor of the Holy Power as soon as possible, and then hit the realm of the saint.After all, they are also very curious about the sacred swords and dusts that the saints condense in their bodies. According to the books, the sacred soldiers are formed by the holy forces of the body. Once the sacred soldiers are condensed, the sacred soldiers will replace them. The position of the Holy Power, from then on, the sacred soldier is a source of human energy. When the sacred soldier is in the body, he can act as a sanctified force and when he summons the sect, it will be the most powerful for you. The weapons, by virtue of the sacred soldiers, can exert a powerful attack power that exceeds their own strength.The sacred soldier is the source of energy for everyone. Once the sacred soldier is destroyed, he will not only lose all cultivation, but will also suffer very serious injuries. In severe cases, he will even die on the spot. However, the sacred soldier is very hard, unless the strength difference between the two is too great, otherwise, the sacred soldier is generally not easily destroyed.In the morning, the sword dust sitting cross-legged on the bed slowly opened his eyes and ended the night's cultivation. After these three days of cultivation, the power of the Holy Spirit in the dust has also increased a lot. According to his estimation, his strength should have already reached the ninth floor of the Holy Power. After all, the Holy Power has not become the Holy One. The strength of the test is determined by the test.After getting out of bed, the sword dust left the dormitory directly, and now the sky is still gray and not completely bright. At this time most students are still practicing or sleeping, so the huge playground is very clean, with a figure. Can not see, only in some remote corners, only occasionally found that a few early students in the martial arts.Through the playground, sword dust goes directly to the small trees on the east side of the college. In the past few days, sword dust will spend a little time each morning to teach Big Brother the knowledge about fighting. After all, sword dust is a There are countless challenges encountered by veterans who have traveled for many years, and the richness of combat experience is far from being comparable to those of the teachers at Carcass College. To be counted, Jian Chen is already qualified to teach Kargath. Those teachers in the college.When Jian Chen came to the woods, he discovered that Big Brother Chang Yanghu had been waiting there for a long time. At the moment, he was sitting on a stump. His eyes looked a bit disorganized and scantily scanning in the woods. When Changyang Tiger discovered sword dust At that time, he immediately came to the spirit and called for a moment to stand up from the stump, happy: "Four younger brothers, you can be here at last."Jian Chen smiled slightly and said: "Brother, how did you come so early.""Oh, get used to it, get used to it, four younger brothers. Let's get started now. What kind of energy you said yesterday morning? I don't think I have a clue how to use it for the rest of the day. Can you tell my elder brother again? Ah," Chang Yang said, embarrassed."Of course it is." There was a faint smile on the face of Jian Chen. "My eldest brother, I told you about the use of energy yesterday morning. Today, I will give you a demonstration." A small branch of dust picks up the feet and holds it in the hand."Big Brother, look good." Then, Jian Chen held the branch and gently waved his hand to a small tree next to his wrist. When the branch was close to the small tree, it was silent, and this was directly with the tiny branches. From the small tree with the wrists, there was no obstacle in the slightest, as if it was a virtual tree.Looking at this bizarre scene, when Changyang Tiger's heart is very puzzled, with the sound of “shashasha”, I saw this with the thickness of the bowl of trees from the point of the sword dust branches began to intercept the waist cut off, the upper body directly Fell down.The Changyang Tiger had his eyes widened. Then he quickly came to the fallen tree. He saw that the fracture of the tree was very smooth. It looked as if it had been cut by a very sharp weapon. It was impossible. Imagine that an incision of this flat light method was actually caused by a small, lightly broken branch.Immediately afterwards, Changyang Hu’s eyes turned to the little branch held in the hands of the sword dust. He quickly grabbed it and took a look at his left hand, but no matter how he looked, it was a very twig. Ordinary branches only, when gently waving, the branches swayed violently.Seeing this, the ray of doubt in the eye of Changyang Tiger grew stronger. He really couldn't understand how this very ordinary branch could cut off a small tree with a small wrist. Then, Changyang Tiger's fingers pressed hard and only heard. "Clam" sounded a crisp sound, which was immediately folded into two segments with the small branch held in his hands."Four younger brothers, how did you just do it? How did such a weak twig cut off this little tree?" Changyang Tiger looked puzzled and looked at the sword dust, curiously asked.Jian Chen chuckled and said: "Big Brother, this is actually a kind of use of the power of the Holy Spirit, not to mention that this is a small branch, even if it is a thin thread like an embroidery needle, can easily penetrate This, with the branches, of course, with my current strength, is not enough to do this.""Hey, a thin thread like an embroidery needle, can penetrate this branch, four brothers, you have no fever in the head, it is simply impossible." Changyang Tiger cried out in surprise, for the sword This statement of dust, he did not believe that, because he grew up, has never heard of such a thing, which, in his opinion, is simply impossible.Jian Chen’s face is always hung with a faint smile. The reflection of the Changyang Tiger is obviously in his expectation. However, at this time, Jian Chen does not make too many explanations. After that, the strength of the Changyang Tiger has improved. Understand this truth.Jian Chen regained a relatively curved twig from the ground and said: "Brother, you are not curious. How did I use a twig to penetrate this small tree? Look, I will give you another demonstration. ”Hearing this, Chang Yang Hu came to the spirit and was absorbed in staring at the little twig in the hands of the sword dust. He did not dare to disregard God, for fear of missing a tiny bit of detail.The sword dust waved a small piece of paper in his hand, and then he saw a flash of light in his eyes. He did not see any movements. He saw that the twig he held in his hand actually twisted and twisted. Actually slowly straightened, this moment, with the twig suddenly seems to have life like, seems to have become a flexible snake, the other end of the sword dust is the head of the snake, the head of the snake is slow Slowly tilted, and then slowly circling in the air, this scene, it looks so strange.Seeing this extremely bizarre scene, the eyes of the Changyang Tiger have already been widened, and his face can't seem to believe the look. Look like it looks like a devil, he is really hard to imagine, clearly It is a small branch that actually automatically twists and turns there.The dust of the sword dust gradually emits fierce light and sips low: "Big brother, look carefully." The voice just fell, the sword dust gripped the twig that had become straight and slowly thrust forward, and in him Not far ahead is just a small tree with the same wrist size.The speed of sword dust is not fast, but it is very slow, slowly approaching the little tree, when the small branch that he held in his hands just touches the trunk of the small tree, actually silent integration In the tree trunk, and then continuously, it continued to penetrate at a very slow speed. Finally, the small tree was directly pierced and the small branch was drilled from the other end of the trunk.In this scene, the Changyang tiger was stunned and his eyes were staring at the branch that had penetrated the small tree. His mouth was already large enough to plug an egg, and his eyes were full of incredible confidence."Four younger brothers, how did you do this?" Chang Yang Hu's tone was a little trembling. The heart was beating violently, but his eyes were still closely watching the root still inserted in the trunk. Small branches.Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "Big Brother, in fact, it is not difficult to do this, as long as you put the Holy Power into the branches, even if it is just an ordinary one that cannot be on an ordinary branch, it can become a The magic weapon, if it is powerful, can even make the branches reach the point where they are iron-clad."“Integrating the Holy Power into the branches...” After listening to this, the Changyang tiger brow furrowed slightly, whispered with a smirking thought, and immediately picked a branch from the ground, according to the words of sword dust, The Holy Power that controls the body slowly injects into the branches.    "bump!"When the Holy Power of the Changyang Tiger just touched the branch, the branch in his hand suddenly burst open, and it was designated as flying in the sky."Big Brother, your Holy Power is too strong. It is not what this fragile branch can bear, and your control of the power of the Holy is not as good. Remember to put the power of Holy Spirit into the branches. At that time, we must transform the power of the Holy Spirit into a kind of gentle strength. It must be remembered that it should not be too fierce." Jian Chen carefully taught alongside.After listening to this, Changyang Tiger's doubts in his face, said: "Four younger brothers, then how can we change the power of Holy Power into a soft power?""It is only an application of the power of the Holy Spirit that transforms the power of the Holy Spirit into a soft power. The mysteriousness of this one I have said is no more useful. It is only for you to comprehend yourself. Big Brother, from today From then on, when you are free, you begin to try to integrate the power of the Holy Spirit into the branches. This will be a good exercise for your use of the power of the Holy Spirit. If you can do this for me, then the martial arts of your future will be There is no small advantage." Jian Chen said plainly, put the Buddha is like a teacher teaching students.However, in the heart of the Jian Chen, it is very clear that if Chang Yang Hu wants to achieve the point he just demonstrated, a small tree that can easily penetrate the wrist with a fragile branch can not be done within a short time. It is because the requirements for the use of the Holy Power are very high. Before the skilled control of the Holy Power, it is impossible for the Changyang Tiger to integrate the power of the Holy Spirit into the branches because it is necessary to integrate the strength of the Holy Spirit. Among the branches, the degree of difficulty is rather large. It is not as simple as incorporating the Holy Power into the weapons made of stainless steel. The weapons made of stainless steel are very strong enough to withstand the strength of any Holy Power, but the branches are not.The Changyang Tiger nodded, thought slightly about the meeting, and tried to pick up a branch from the ground again. However, the result was no exception. All of them ended in failure, and he failed to make it. When the power is integrated into the branches, each time when the Holy Spirit in the body comes close to the branches, the branches burst because they cannot withstand the overwhelming power of the Holy Spirit.Jian Chen looked at the Changyang Tiger on the side and tried to explain it to him. It was not until the sun rose to high altitude that the sword dust left the grove, leaving only the Changyang Tiger still trying there, but on the ground. , he has destroyed a lot of branches.