Chapter 26 Protection CostsAt this moment, the sky was already bright. When the sword dust passed the playground again, many students were already active on the playground. Dust-dust eyes looked plainly at the students who were active on the playground, and their footsteps went straight to the library. During these three days, the sword dust had been practicing the power of the Holy Spirit. It had not been to the library yet. For him, the only school in the college that can attract the sword dust is only the books in the library. As for the lessons taught by the teachers, the sword dust doesn’t bother to listen. For him, no condensate is a waste of time. However, most of the things the teachers talk about are not at all helpful to the sword dust. Even if there are some things that interest the sword dust, he believes that those same books can be found in the library. After all, college books The rich collection of the library records almost everything on the Tianyuan continent."Hey, look, isn't this student Changyang Xiangtian? I heard that he defeated the already-saved Cadiyunye only with the power of these eight Holy Spirits...""Yeah, yes, I also saw Changyang Xiangtian's fight at the new contest. But unfortunately he didn't go to see Cadiz and I didn't go see it. It's a pity....."On the playground, two male students who saw Jian Chen were standing in the distance and whispered with their sword dust, and they looked in the eyes of Jian Chen with a trace of admiration."Wow, Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​a classmate who is handsome and powerful, can actually defeat the Holy One by virtue of the strength of the Holy Spirit. He is really an idol in my mind....." An elderly and sword dust Almost a very aristocratic girl with a very plain look stared at the sword dust and whispered in exclamation, but the tone was tinged with excitement and excitement.The people on the playground came very much. The sword dust swept around on the playground and was quickly discovered by more and more people. Suddenly, everyone was standing in the distance watching the sword dust whispered. Discussed. Since the battle of Jian Di defeated Kadiyun who has become a saint three days ago, his reputation has spread throughout the campus in just a few hours. Now even the teachers at Kargas College know the sword. The name of the dust.Soon the sword dust passed through the playground and came to a tree-lined path. This was one of the paths to the library. Because there were not many people in the college to go to the library, this led to the shade of the library. The path is very clean, with almost no shadows, and the trails are littered on both sides of the trail. As the breeze blows slowly over and over, it brings up a rustling sound. Countless fallen leaves are flying at low altitude.At this moment, several figures suddenly appeared in front of Jian Chen. There was a laughing and smiling face and they walked toward Jian Chen. There were four people coming, and they were about ten years old. They were all wearing college. Uniform uniforms can only be seen from this point that all four students are students in the college.Jian Chen did not care about the four students in front of him. He still walked on his own path, but just as the sword dust was approaching the four people and he was going to pass by, suddenly, the four people seemed to have discussed earlier. The body moves in a symmetry and is surrounded by sword dust in four directions.Jian Chen stopped and looked calmly at the four students in the center who were even older than themselves. A faint sneer came to his lips and said: “Several seniors, I don’t know if you are what for."Although these four people wore unified uniforms issued by the college, they still could not stop their proud look from their faces."Boy, ah, ah, it is estimated to be new." The name of people facing the sword dust sneer, eyes sharply staring at the sword dust.The tranquility of Jian Chen, a pair of unimpressive eyes of the person with whom he spoke, lightly laughed and said: "Yes, it is indeed a new arrival, I do not know how to teach a few teachers."Hearing that, the young man smiled and said: "If you want to stay in the college, you can't do without our shelter. But if you want to get our shelter, you must pay a fee. "Look, if you are a newcomer, you will receive ten purple gold coins. How is it worthwhile?" Young people have a confident smile on their faces. In his mind, they seem to have eaten their sword. Dust, because from his point of view, from the relatively thin body of sword dust can determine the strength of sword dust is not strong, because of this protection he did in the college but many times, It can be said that he is experienced. If he meets a strong student, he may think about it. However, like a thin body like Jian Chen, he does not need to think about it. When the former protection fees were collected, it was almost every time the student was as thin as Jian Chen. Protection costs are all 100% successful and will not encounter resistance at all.If Jian Chen was a civilian, four of them absolutely would not dare to collect protection money from the sword dust, unless they did not want to stay in the college. After all, all the old students in Cadaves knew that the dean is very partial to those Civil students. The four of them stayed in the college for a short period of time. The civilian students in the college were able to recognize them at a glance. Therefore, since they saw the first appearance of Jian Chen, they clearly knew that the sword dust was definitely a civilian student from time to time. So dared to charge him protection fees.After listening to the young people's words, Jian Chen burst into a sneer, and did not expect to actually receive protection fees."Several seniors, I am very sorry, I refuse your asylum." Jian Chen's tone is very mundane. When the words are finished, instead of waiting for a few people to reply, he directly hits the young man standing in front of him with his shoulders. Continue to walk towards the library.This action by Jian Chen caused the four youths to be paralyzed. Obviously, this situation was out of their expectation. They never thought how they thought that the sword dust that had already been settled would simply refuse them. Asylum.The four people quickly reflected and stared at the sword dust that had left their encirclement. Four youths flashed a glimpse of their eyes at the same time. The young man who was hit by a sword dust with his shoulders was even more so. It becomes very ugly."Fuck, kid, you gave me a stop!" The young man who had been knocked off by Jian Chen yelped and rushed toward the sword dust, and struck him in front of him again. Then, in addition, Three young people also quickly came around the dust of the sword and re-enclosed the sword dust."You actually just hit me. I really lived in an impatient manner." The young man, who had lost his face, slammed indignantly and immediately slapd his head and slid toward the face of Jian Chen.Looking at the palms of the young people's hands slamming into their faces, Jianwu's bland eyes quickly became fierce. In the eyes, Hanmang flickered, and then his right hand quickly lifted up, quickly giving the name. The young people couldn’t reflect the lightning speed at all. They steadily used the palms of young people in the middle of the journey. Then, Jian Chen quickly kicked one leg and hit the opponent’s chest directly. With a dull noise. The young man was directly kicked off by a vigorous kick of sword dust and then fell to the ground without any image.Suddenly, the three young people around the Jian Chen had a chance to stay. No one would have thought that the newborns who were already very bullied in their eyes would suddenly become so powerful in all of them. If it does not reflect the situation, it will directly fly away from a partner.However, the gods were quickly recovered. Almost at the same time, the three men's faces were full of swarthy, and there was no slightest reason. As if they had discussed the matter well in the morning, the trio actually shot Jian Chen at the same time.Although they knew that the strength of the sword dust was good, but the four of them had gone through the course at Karjas College. They were not afraid of the sword dust at all. Even if the strength of the sword dust was so strong that even the four of them could not fight against each other. The point is, but they are still fearless. Not only because they have a huge family backing behind them, but most importantly, they have a solid backing in this Kargas College.Feel the power of the saint that is stronger than the one that was sent out by the three people. A look of disdain on the face of the sword dust. From the moment the three hands began, he judged from the power of the Holy Spirit sent by the three people. Out of their strength, probably around the tenth floor of the Holy Force.The trio’s fists were very fast, and they were close to the front of the sword dust in the blink of an eye. However, at this critical moment, the body of the sword dust swayed slightly, and they quickly got out of their range of attack faster than their fists.At the same time, the three men's attack failed, but before they had time to withdraw their fists, Jian Chen’s fists had already reached the head of one of them, and the speed of the punches made them all have no time to reflect."Touch!" With a muffled sound, the young man who was hit by the sword dust fist was directly stunned and fell to the ground. At the same time, Jian Chen's right foot quickly kicked out, and when the other two people hadn't reflected it, he kicked one of them on the chest.With the dull noise, the young man had been prepared for it, so he took a few steps back from the sword dust, and soon he stabilized himself. However, his face was whitish. Because the two forces brought by the sword dust on this foot have caused some shocks to his attachment. Moreover, the weakest Holy Power has invaded his body along the foot of the sword dust and destroyed the five internal organs. Six miles.As soon as the young man had stood still, the second leg of Jian Chen had been kicked out again. He brought up a phantom in the air, kicked the young man's chest again, and the two footprints perfectly overlapped with each other. The foot sword dust actually kicked in the position just kicked.When the same position was hit two times in a row, the young people were not harmed by one plus one equal to two. When the second arm of sword dust was kicked on his chest, although he had the strength of ten layers of Holy Power, However, he was still seriously injured. The internal organs had severe pain. For a time, the young people's face became pale and the air inside was blocked, making it difficult for him to breathe. His feet were stumbling on the ground. After a few steps back, at last one finally stood unsteadily and fell to the ground, unable to climb again.See Jian Dust blinked in the eye and put his strength equal to his own companion. The remaining young man could not help but changed his face. He was about to step toward the foot of Jian Chen’s foot and stopped. The feet were like deep roots. Deeply on the ground, how dare not take a step forward, and a pair of eyes full of vigilance staring at sword dust, look no more between before the calm, his face dignified.The sword dust looked at him indifferently, a sneer smirked at his mouth, and he did not say anything. He turned away and walked towards the library.After Jian Chen left, the two young people who were hit by the sword dust and hit the ground climbed up from the ground. A pair of eyes stared at the back of the sword with dust, and one of them sang: “Who is he? We are not even his opponents. This is really a freshman who entered the school this year. How powerful is it?”"Whoever controls him is actually offended by us. It must not be able to spare him." Another person also said in anguish. The tone was a little weak and he was out of breath. He was kicked by the sword dust and kicked his feet. The young man, at the moment, his inner court has been severely shaken. If it wasn't for the strength that was originally stronger than Jian Chen, I am afraid that at the moment he simply could not stand up.