Chapter 27 The Trouble Is Coming (1)At this time, the young man who had escaped from the disaster had come to the front of the two people. He looked at the young man who was pale and was kicked with his sword and dust. He asked in a tone of concern: "Luo Yun, are you okay? ”Hearing that, the young man who was called Luo Yun shook his head slightly, and his tone was a little weak: "The problem is not great, it would be good to have a few days of self-cultivation." Then the tone of his breath turned and he looked at the young man who had not been harmed. Shen Sheng said: "Carl, you are well-informed at the college. Check out the person's identity as soon as possible. Then call the son to pick him up."After listening to this statement, the youngster who was Karl's thought thought a little and said: "I don't need to check it. I may already know his identity."On the other two people's faces, Luo Yun said: "That's great, Carl, who is that person?"“In this year’s freshmen, one person’s strength is particularly strong. Only by virtue of the strength of the eight-story Holy Spirit can he defeat the Cady cloud that has condensed the sacred soldiers and become saints. He, perhaps, is that person.” Carl's tone is a little dignified.Karl's words made the two men's faces change slightly and looked at each other. Then Luo Yun whispered: "Is he Changyang Xiangtian?"Carl nodded slightly and said: "It is very possible that among the freshmen enrolled in this year, I am afraid that only Changyang Xiangtian can beat us. If that person is really Changyang Xiangtian, we are not his opponent and it is reasonable. After all, he can defeat Kadiyun who has become a saint. Although Kadiyun did not use sacred soldiers, it is enough to prove that Changyang Xiangtian is powerful.""Well, even if he is Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​then if we offend us, then I definitely will not allow him to go through the college so easily." It was the young man who was attacked for the first time by Jian Chen. .Luo Yun's pale face showed a glimmer of smirk and low-pitched tone: "Fortunately, our young master of the Luo family is inquiries about Changyang Xiang Tian these days. It is estimated that they are interested in Changyang Xiang Tian. Unfortunately, this Chang Yang Xiangtian did not know where to hide for a few days. He hadn’t found anyone for a few days. He did not expect to meet him here today.”"Luo Yun, you go to your young master Luo, I and Chen Feng to call out the young master, I do not believe that Chang Yang Xiangtian is the opponent of the young master." Karl voice low voice.“OK, we each act, but I think leaving a person to watch Changyang Xiang Tian is better, the college is so big, if Changyang Xiang Tian hides somewhere not to come out, how do we find him.” Luo Yun proposed.Karl nodded his head and immediately turned his eyes to look at the young man beside him and said: "Chen Feng, or if you stay behind and follow Changyang Xiangtian secretly, I will ask you to be the young master.""No problem!" The young man named Chen Feng agreed without hesitation.After the three divisions were completed, except Chen Feng rushed past in the direction of Jian Chen’s departure, the remaining two lifted the young man who had fallen on the floor and remained unconscious. He quickly left the place.    ……..In the library, Jian Chen picked two books on the bookshelf and then sat down at a table and read it with relish.Perhaps it is because of the time being too early. The library is very quiet. Apart from Jian Chen, only a middle-aged woman cleaning her hygiene is busy inside.The middle-aged women are about forty years old and look ordinary. They are popular people. Because they have no talent in cultivation, middle-aged women are forty years old now, but the Holy Power in the body is only sixth. On the other hand, even the new students who are in school in Carcass are stronger than her.The middle-aged woman looked up at the Jian Chen who had read the book. Although she did not know the name of the sword dust, her impression of Jian Chen was very profound, because except for these three days, the sword dust was almost the first one every morning. Come to the students in the library, and reading is often to see a whole day, and sometimes do not even eat lunch, she cleaned the library for several years in the college, and Jian Chen was the first time she met with such efforts. student."It's a hard-working child." The middle-aged woman uttered a whispered sigh and immediately ignored the sword dust and continued to do her job.In a wide stone house, a young man about 20 years old is standing in the middle of a stone house with his eyes closed. His body is doing a very weird posture and seems to be standing there like a piece of wood. ."Oh!"At this moment, the dull knock came from outside, and at the same time, the younger people's closed eyes slowly opened and turned slightly, still keeping the weird posture and looking at the door of the room. In the direction, whispered: "Who!""Young Master, it's me, Luo Yun." A small voice came from outside the door."Come in!" the young people said plainly.When the door opened, I saw a student in a school uniform and a young man about twenty years old came in from the door. This person was one of the four people who had previously been in conflict with the sword dust, named Luo Yun.Luo Yun looked at the young man who was sitting in a strange movement and did not feel the slightest surprise in his heart, as if it were commonplace, because the strange movements of young people were the practice of their Luo family.There are many kinds of cheats and ways of cultivation on the Tianyuan continent. There are not only meditation practices but also a lot of people who practice purely by doing some exercises or special poses. The practice style of the home is obviously the latter. It is the body that makes some special gestures to cultivate.Luo Yun came to the young people and bowed slightly. He respectfully said, “You are not looking for the whereabouts of Changyang Xiangtian during this time. Just by chance, I have already found Changyang Xiangtian.” Luo Yun’s family background is also considered a person with status and status in Luo’s family, but before this young man, he dared not reveal his slightest liberty because the young man was the only son of Luo’s contemporary family, Luo Jian, who was deeply loved by his family. It is already the family's future successor. For Luo Jian, the youngest younger in the Luo family, Luo Yun is only concerned."Looking for Changyang Xiangtian!" Wen Yan, Luo Jian eyes bright, looked at the pale face of Luo Yun, casual eyes slightly down, fell to the trace of footprints in the cloud of Luo Yun chest, tone arrogance Said: "Look at you this wolf, it is estimated that in the hands of Changyang Xiangtian did not eat a small loss."After listening to this, Luo Yun's eyes showed an extremely angry look and said: “The young master said it well. Before I met Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​he had eloquently invited him to come and meet the young master. However, Chang Yang Xiang Tian was not like him. Words, not only defiant, arrogant and extremely arrogant, and he actually did not put the eyes of young masters, said ... said the young master you ... you ...." Said behind, Luo Yun eyes showing a hint of hesitation.Luo Jian frowned and she replied: "Don't be too paralyzed. Changyang Xiangtian said me!"Luo Yun's red eyes flickered and hesitated slightly. Then he seemed to have the courage to whisper. “Changyang Xiang Tian said that you are countless as the young master, and you are not even qualified for shoes.”“What!” Hearing his words, Luo Jian suddenly changed his face, and suddenly he was furious. Although the Luo family was not a top-family family that had stood for thousands of years in Tianyuan, it was also one of the largest families in the kingdom of Gerson. Over two hundred years of history, even if we look at the entire Gerson kingdom, the forces that can overcome the Luo family are only a handful. As Luo’s future successor, Luo Jian’s status can be very noble, even for the princess of the kingdom. And his highness and his highness were on an equal footing. However, in the College of Kargas, an unknown young man dared to speak such a manic statement. This made Luo Jian, a proud and self-satisfied individual who had grown up in childhood, swallow his breath.Luo Jian stared at Luo Yun fiercely and looked down. "He really said so." Luo Jian's tone was filled with that unspeakable anger.After seeing Luo Jian’s reflection, Luo Yun flashed a hint of laughter in her eyes, but he was soon demonstrated by him. He quickly said, “Yes, young master, Luo Yun’s verbal sentence, I dare not have the slightest answer. In the heart, this Changyang Xiang is naive too much, and you don’t put your young masters in your eyes, but you’re still insulting and insulting young masters. If you don’t teach him well, what’s the face of young masters in the future? There will be a lot of laughter in the college."After listening to Luo Yun's remarks, Luo Jian's face gradually became gloomy, and then slowly stood up straight, Shen Shen said: "Changyang Xiang Tian where, in front of the road, since it does not put me in eyesight I would like to see how much energy he has.""Yes! Yes! The young master please come with me." Then, Luo Yun walked out of the stone house, with a look of gloomy Luo Jian went straight to the library.At the same time, in the other direction of Kargath College, Karl, who had just left, respectfully took a few young men about 20 years old and arrogant and arrogant toward the library.When several people passed by the playground, some old people recognized the identities of these people and all of them changed their colors. Then the whispered comments came from all directions."Hey..... The man in the middle of the walk is not a young man. He hasn't walked in the college for a year. What kind of wind blows him out today." An old man is about twenty years old. The old man whispered a few whispered young people who were not far from him, and his voice was full of surprises.“I heard that the young master had already reached the strength of the middle-class saints a year ago. I don't know what the strength of the young master has reached.”“The young man who was recognized as a genius in our Kargath Academy, has already congealed at the age of 19, became a saint, and has reached the strength of an intermediate saint at the age of 20, now for one year. Time passed, and it was estimated that the strength of the young master has been attained."Yeah, it was the youngest man who was the youngest person in Karkas College. It is said that the principal once said that the young man before the age of twenty-three would certainly achieve the power of the Holy One."“When the 23-year-old is able to reach the Holy One, it's really a great job to be a master. There are a lot of old students in the college still staying at the top ten of the Holy Power at this age.”As Karl and his party slowly walked past the playground, the old students who met along the way were whispering. It was a young man who was a very famous person at Karjas College, not because of his character, but because His cultivation speed is very alarming. Even if he is placed on the Tianyuan continent, he can be regarded as a wizard. Among the Caducas students, the strength of the young master is already a top player. .At this moment, Jian Chen also looked at the books in his hands in the library, and he was unaware that the trouble was coming.