Chapter 28 The Trouble Becoming (2)Soon Luo Yun and Luo Jian came to the library's gate with Luo Jian. Not far from the library gate, Chen Feng, who was tracking Jian Chen, was leaning against a small tree. Reading in the library looks relish, and it seems that it has reached the level of egoism.When Chen Feng discovered that Luo Yun and Luo Jian, who was next to Luo Yun, immediately ran over from a distance, Luo Jian slightly owed himself, and smiled with a smile: “I didn’t think I actually met here. Luo Shaoye really feel very honored to let him down.” Chen Feng’s attitude is quite respectful. Although his family is still a nobleman, he is only an insignificant little nobleman in the Gerson kingdom. He dared to collect protection fees from the children of several big families, but at the moment, if things were done by Chang Yang Xiangtian, he had a relationship with the young masters of the Luo family, which was very large for him in the future. The benefits, even his family will climb to a big tree, after all, Luo Jian is Luo's future successor.Luo Jian looked arrogantly at Chen Feng, who was respectful and respectful of himself. He waved a little impatiently and said, "Don't say so much nonsense. Changyang Xiangtian is in the library now?"Listening to Luo Jian’s disrespectful words, Chen Feng’s face did not show a full look, and his face was still full of smiles and said: “Yes, Changyang Xiangtian has been in the library.”After listening to this, Luo Jian's face gradually revealed a sneer and said: "Well, you're going to call Changyang Xiangtian out of me." The rule that forbids all fighting in the library is set by the principal of the college's history, even if Luo Jian has strong family power behind him, but he does not dare to destroy the rules of Kargath Academy."Yes, Luo Shaoye, I'm going to pull Changyang Xiangtian out of here." Then, Chen Feng immediately went to the library.In the library, all the attention of the sword dust has been put into the books, and the vigilance around it has been lowered to a minimum. After all, it is here at Kargas College. There is no need to worry about security issues. It does not have to be kept for the moment. alert.When the sword dust read the book relish, suddenly felt someone patted his shoulders, when he looked a bit reluctantly left the book and turned around, I saw a young man is standing beside him, smirking to see With myself, with the almost unforgettable memory of Jian Chen, at first glance, the young man recognized one of the four people who had previously stopped himself from collecting protection fees.Chen Feng stood beside the sword dust and looked into Jian Chen's eyes with a gloating look. He said in a very weird tone: “Changyang Xiang Tian’s classmate did not expect us to meet again soon.”"It's you!" Jian Chen slightly frowned, his voice was slightly gloomy, and he said nothing to his face: "If you come for a protection fee, then you can get out of here directly."Wen Yan, Chen Feng eyes flashed an angry, but he did not dare to hands on the sword dust, not to mention that the library is an important place in the college to prohibit fighting, but he also understands that he is not an opponent of Jian Chen.Chen Feng's chest swelled violently and his eyes were extremely fierce. He stared at the sword dust and said coldly: "Changyang Xiangtian, although I am not your opponent, but Kargath Academy is not where you can arrogate. If you have the guts, then come with me. Otherwise, you will be ready to stay in the library for a lifetime." To leave this sentence, Chen Feng directly out of the library, but his arrival and those words are It caught the attention of all the people in the library. Immediately afterwards, many people cast curiosity and admiration, admiration, jealousy, and other complex eyes.Jian Chen slowly closed the book and his brow furrowed slightly. From Chen Feng's remarks, he already understood that they probably found a helper to deal with himself.In the eyes of Jian Chen, the eyes flickered, and he looked down at the meeting. Then he slowly closed the book, and then he took the book and walked to the bookshelf, put it back to its original position, and then he walked out. Now that someone is already waiting outside, if he doesn't go there, he will be afraid of them, and he will be able to calmly read books later, so that he can live calmly in Kajas College afterwards. In the days when he had to demonstrate the power of being jealous of others, if he were to come to his trouble, he would not use the library to read books.Although knowing that the strength of the people coming from outside is certainly not weak, it is likely to be the same level as Kadiyun. However, the sword dust is not afraid of the slightest fear. He has confidence and faces the Holy One with his current strength, even if he cannot win. However, it will not be easily defeated. After all, no matter how much he fights or has skills, he is far from being able to compare with students who are still growing in the college. Moreover, he is still a person who has experienced many tests of life and death.As soon as the sword dust exited the library, he looked up and saw three young people standing outside the front door of the library. The three were similar in age. They were all wearing uniforms in the school. Two of them were previously charged to the sword dust. As for the protection fee, as for the other person, Jian Chen has determined from his arrogant look on his face that he is estimated to be the helper they have found.Seeing that the sword dust really came out of the library, Luo Yun's face showed a hint of smirk. Then Luo Jian whispered to the side standing next to him: “Young Master, he is Changyang Xiangtian.”Luo Jian looked proudly under the sword dust, eyes with a deep disdain, coldly said: "Boy, you are Changyang Xiangtian."Di Jian dusty eyes looked at Luo Jian, Luo Jian's age seems to be about twenty-three years old, long and very handsome, but the look is full of a undisguised arrogance.“Who are you?” Jian Chen looked at Luo Jian plainly and asked coldly.As soon as the Jian Chen voice fell, Luo Yun, who was standing beside Luo Jian, shouted: “Bold, Changyang Xiangtian, what is your identity? I dare to use this tone to talk to my young master, do you not want to be in college? Stayed.""Changyang Xiangtian is not happy to apologize to Luo Shaoye. Otherwise, you wouldn't even want to stay in the Carcass College." Chen Feng does not want to miss such a good opportunity to please Luo Jian and speaks to this sword dust. Anger shouted.After listening to these two words, Luo Luo's attitude was even more arrogant, and his face was full of pride.The dusty face of Jian Chen gradually emerged with a sneer of sneer. He looked into the eyes of the three people opposite and was full of disdain. He said: “Listen to what you said in this sentence. Is it that the dean of the College of Cadasi will obey? The three of you failed to command, or said that this Karjas Academy was opened by your family. Whoever wants to go is required to go. The three of you are really bold and dare to look down on the Dean.After listening to the words of Jian Chen, Luo Yun and Chen Feng’s faces suddenly changed dramatically. They were a little pale, not only the two of them, but even Luo Jian, who had a very large background behind him, was also inspired by the words of Jian Chen. Making his face look very ugly, and looking into Jian Chen’s eyes is full of scorn. Although there are certain forces behind them, Luo Jian is the future successor of the big family of the Gusson empire, but for the dean of the Kargas Academy, they dare not to disrespect. At this point, if the words that Jian Chen said were to be sent to the dean's ear, then they would suffer very serious departures. The circumstances would be serious. They would even be expelled from the college directly, even if Luo Jian had a great background behind him, even if he had The father is the Luo family. Even if Luo Jian is Luo's future successor, it will not help. The Luo family will definitely not offend the president of Karjas Academy for him.Luo Jian looked gloomy, staring at Jian Chen with fierce eyes and sighed: "Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​you really are very arrogant, just do not know if you have arrogant capital."The sword dust disdainfully smiled and said coldly, "If you don't talk about nonsense, you still have to say what you want to do."Luo Jian’s face shows a cold smile and his tone is full of murderousness: “My intention is very simple, that is, I will meet you for a while. I have seen Changyang Xiang who has defeated the newly promoted Holy One and has not used the Guardian Cady Cloud. How powerful the world is.” Talking, Luo Jian slowly moved forward with his fists. As he clenched his fists, a crisp and clear bone was introduced into the sword and ears. At the same time, he was not weak. In fact, it was distributed from Luo Jian and directly pressed against the body of Jian Chen.At the moment, in the library behind me, some of the students who were reading books have put down their books and all gathered at the gates of the library. They watched with enthusiasm and talked quietly. Look at the scene of the drama to see this happening.For Luo Jiansan's imposing momentum, he was unmoved by the momentum. Standing in the same place is like a mountain that rises like a dragon. It is extremely incomparable. The strength of Luo Jian is very clear, and it is definitely stronger than Kadiyun. A lot of it, but the sword dust did not have the slightest fear, but the war is high.At the first sight, the two sides will fight, and some of the people behind the library will immediately withdraw far, for fear that they will be affected.“How could such a wonderful fight be less likely for us to watch it?” As soon as the two fights were about to start, a sudden sound came from the rear, and when the voice just fell, they saw a few young people wearing school uniforms walking from behind. Came over.There were a total of five people, except that one person, Jian Chen, recognized one of the four people who previously charged him for protection, and the other four he did not know, but the four people knew that they were born in a big family. The eyebrows always have a high look.However, the young man standing in the middle among the five people caught the attention of Jian Chen. With his eyes, he could see at a glance that this young man appeared to have been framed by four other people with a star-studded posture. The young man is not very old. From the aspect of appearance, he will be about 20 years old."Yeah.... you see, it wasn't the young man who hadn't appeared for a year. I didn't think he actually came.""Yeah, it was the young master. He was the genius of our Kargath Academy. It is said that his strength had reached the level of the middle-class saints a year ago. With his cultivation talent, I was still in this year's time. It is assumed that the young master had graduated from the Holy Spirit and became a saint. He did not expect that he still remained in the college.""I just don't know what the current strength of the young master is, and whether he has reached the point of the Holy One.....""The three people who stood beside the young master seem to have been the strong men who have already condensed their sacred soldiers. I never imagined that the ordinary college strongmen actually came here...."As soon as they saw the young man standing in the middle of the library, the students who stood watching in the library suddenly uttered a low voice of exclamation and rapturous discussions."Yes, Mingxiang, it's time for you to come. If you are late, you can miss a good show." As soon as he saw the young man in the middle, Luo Jian immediately put away the momentum of the outside world and smiled and said hello. Then he nodded friendly to the other three young people.