Chapter 29 Recurrence TowerThe young man standing in the middle of the street named Cheng Mingxiang smiled and said, "I cannot possibly miss this good show." Then, Ming Xiangxiang's eyes slightly shook his body. Eyes, eyebrows reveal a trace of disdain, tone contemptuous said: "You guess it is Changyang Xiangtian, right?""Yeah, he was the youngest man. He was Changyang Xiangtian who wounded us all four." Cheng Mingxiang's voice just fell and Karl, who was standing next to him, quickly answered.Ming Xiang nodded slightly, arrogant tone: "Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​you are very good, even those who I cover are dare to fight." Behind the words, Ming Xiang's tone is getting lower and lower.In the heart of the sword dust, it has become clear that the other party is a group of unreasonable deaf children, and it is useless for these people to reason. The only way is to use strength to speak, and here is no longer talking to them about nonsense. Lengheng said coldly, "If you fight anything, if you are not convinced, even if you do it, why do you say so many nonsense crap?"After listening to the sword and dust, Ming Xiang's face has gradually become tingly. He said, “OK, OK, OK, then let me see how much energy you have in the end.” When the body flashed, it crossed the distance of nearly ten meters and came to the front of Jian Chen. It immediately hit a fist against the nose of the sword and dust. There is no intention to use the sacred soldier.Jian Chen also knows that Ming Xiang's strength is stronger than that of Kadi Cloud. The strength of Holy Power is too far from his own, so the face of Ming Xiang’s attack sword dust did not choose to be hard-wired. When the fist is about to hit the head of sword dust, the head of the sword dust drifts slightly and escapes with a distance of a few millimeters. At the same time, the arms of the sword dust lift up and grab the arm that Ming Xiang called. Then he sat down and sat on his back, pulling his back with his chest and pulling his hands with Ming Xiang's arm.When Ming Xiang was originally punched, the body's center of gravity was tilted forward. Now he was pulled by the sword dust, and his body immediately leaned forward without control. However, Cheng Mingxiang responded quickly, immediately stepping out of his body and leaning backwards, he managed to control his body. At this time, Jian Chen suddenly released his grip on Ming Xiangxiang’s arm. With both hands and hands in palms, the rapid and lightning-fast speed of the overlapping bombardment was on the chest of Ming Cheung Cheung.Xiang Mingyuan himself was leaning toward the back of the body of gravity. At this moment, he was almost completely hit by the sword dust. The footsteps began to swiftly recede, seeing the momentum of retreating quickly, as if standing at any moment and stumbled to the ground.After fully retiring for more than ten years, Cheng Mingxiang finally managed to keep his body stable, but at the moment his face had turned into a pig's liver color, and his gloomy black hair looked into the eyes of Jian Chen. It is full of complaints. In his dignified status, he was ranked as the top strong player in the college. At this time, he was actually weaker and weaker than him. He suffered such a big loss in the hands of the people who did not reach the saint. This made him lose. How not to feel angry, if this matter is passed away in the College of Kargas, then he would not only be disgraced, but also become a big laughing stock.Thought of this, Ming Xiangxiang could not help but give birth to a killing of sword dust. Because this is an unacceptable shame to him.At this moment, all around has become silent, including Luo Jian, all of whom have a look of sluggishness. The look to Jian Chen’s eyes is full of surprise, shock and unbelievable look. The result has clearly exceeded all of them. It is expected that no one can think of the fact that for a long time in the College of Kargas, the person who had the name of practicing genius, Ming Xiangxiang and one of the saints who did not reach the Holy Spirit, had only experienced a brief fight and had already eaten. A big loss, but it also looks abnormal.Ming Xiangxiang looked gloomy and staring at the sword dust, and then gradually appeared in his hands a giant sword with silver and white, anger shouted: "Changyang Xiangtian, today I must abolish you." Said Ming Xiangxiang Silver-handed great swords rushed toward sword dust."Stop!"Just when Ming Xiangxiang had just moved, a loud and honest voice suddenly passed over from the field. Then, a young man with a rather sturdy figure and dark skin came slowly.When Jian Chen saw the young man with a rather strong figure, he was surprised to see a look in his eyes, because this person was exactly the man with the natural divine power that he met at the New Year’s contest.When Luo Jianhe and Ming Xiangxiang’s eyes fell on the tower, his face changed slightly, and his eyes showed a hint of jealousy.Luo Yun did not recognize the tower and exultantly shouted to the tower: “Who are you, you are the best choice for our young masters and young masters? Otherwise, don’t blame...”"Shut up!" Ranging from Luo Yun's words, Luo Jian suddenly broke out and broke down with Luo Yun's next words. He ignored Luo Yun with a look of awkwardness. Luo Jian's face hung a smile, facing the slight arch of the iron tower. He laughed and said, "It was the Brothers of Iron Tower. I don't know why the Iron Tower brothers came here."The tower looked strangely at Luo Jian and said sternly: “Who are you? I don’t know you.” Then the tower no longer cares about the ugly face of Luo Jian. He went straight to Jian Chen and raised his hand. Patting the shoulders of Jian Chen, he laughed and said: "Changyang Xiangtian did not expect to meet you here. You haven't seen you for days."The sword dust smiled a little and said: "The tower, let's talk to it again, let me solve these troubles."Upon hearing this, the tower's eyes slowly swept over Ming and Xiang Luo Jian's pedestrians, and then said to them with a squawking voice: "Changyang Xiangtian, don't they bully you.""Ah ..... can say so." Jian Chen hands gently hold his chest, said a touch of tone.Upon hearing this, the tower immediately rolled up its sleeves and looked fiercely at a group of people opposite. “Changyang Xiangtian is the brother of my tower. You bully him and you bully me.” Give me a stand. Although you are stronger than I am, I'm not afraid of you."After listening to the tower, Jian Chen slightly glimpsed and looked at the tower with doubts. He did not understand when he actually became his brother.Ming Xianghe and Luo Jian few people face slightly changed, each staring at each other, all from the other eye to see a dash of dignified look, apparently, for the tower they several people have a trace of deep jealousy, although the strength of the tower is not Strong, they can easily defeat it, but behind the tower there is a strong backer who even they are afraid of, this makes them in the College of Kargas did not dare to touch the tower.Several people did not speak again, but Karl and Luo Yun had already seen the identity of the tower from Luo Jian’s attitude. So at the moment, several of them were very smart and did not speak any words. For a time, four weeks The anger has become a bit weird.Slightly silenced the meeting, or Luo Jian broke the calm and said: "The Iron Tower Brothers, this is the matter between us and Chang Yang Xiang Tian. I hope you don't intervene." Luo Jian's tone is extremely polite, he knows in his heart. Even though the tower was born as a civilian, his status at the moment was no less than his own, even higher than his own. Even if he later became the owner of the Luo family, the tower could only maintain an equal status.Luo Jian’s words surprised the audience who were watching the library. Many of them knew Luo Jianhe and Ming Xiangxiang. They all knew that they were not only powerful, but also behind them. There is a huge family backing, and at the moment the two of them are so polite about the sudden emergence of the tower, which makes a group of students in the library have to guess the identity of the tower, do not know what background behind the tower, actually Let's always fly in the academy. Luo Jianhe and Xiao Mingxiang, who are incomprehensible, are such taboos.Unfortunately, the tower did not appreciate it at all. It did not give any face to the face: “I just said that Changyang Xiangtian is the brother of my tower. His business is my business. What’s going on, all of you are coming to me. ."After listening to this, Luo Jian's face changed slightly, and his eyes showed a dignified look. For the iron tower, he really did not dare to offend too much.At this time, a look of gloomy Ming Xiangxiang Lengheng soon, eyes sharply staring at the tower, Shen Sheng said: "Tower, this thing you really have to intervene?" In the hands of the sword dust to eat a big loss Ming Xiangxiang had already given birth to a hatred for Jian Chen. He was forced to be so embarrassed by a freshman who had not reached the strength of the Holy Spirit. This is definitely a great shame for Ming Xiang Xiang, if he cannot Scrubbing, he wouldn't have to mix in the college that day."Yeah, I just want to control." The tower squatted and shouted. Although he clearly knew that Ming Cheung's strength was very strong, the Tower did not have the slightest fear.The sword dust pulled the tower, said: "The iron tower, this is the matter between me and them, you don't come, otherwise it will give you a trouble."A flash of fury flashed in the eyes of the tower, suddenly turned to look at Jian Chen, frowning and unhappy: "Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​what are you saying, don't you think I'm afraid of the tower, you're not right? are friends."After listening to this, I could not help but feel puzzled in the dust of the sword. I didn't know when I had such a close relationship with the tower. I didn't know how many times I even met him. The only place where I was acquainted was with the students. At the conference."Oh, Tower, if you ask for food, then don't blame me. Don't think that you are the apprentice of the principal and I wouldn't dare to touch you. Let me see how much the principal's disciple really has." Ming Xiangxiang rushed directly to the tower.After listening to Ming Xiangxiang, the sword dust was a little surprised. I did not expect the tower to become the apprentice of the principal. If this news spreads in the college, I am afraid it will set off a wave of frenzy.At this time, Ming Xiangxiang had already come to the front of the tower and punched it straight to the chest of the tower. Because of the special status of the tower at this moment, Ming Xiang did not dare to really hurt him. This boxing only used He has five layers of strength. In his opinion, even if he has five layers of strength, he is not a tower to which the strength of the Holy Grail has not yet been promoted.Faced with Ming Xiang’s attack, the tower did not dare to carelessly, his face became dignified, and he immediately gave a loud sip. The entire right arm instantly became like a steel-like hard one, and he took his fist and showed no fear to Xiang Mingxiang. Fists hit hard to hard.