Chapter 3 Sculpting ()Changyang Xiangtian looked at his own short body and sighed in his heart. His complexion was full of complexities. In this year's time, these images in his head had not been known to have appeared many times. These things seemed to have happened yesterday. The memory was so clear. It seemed as if it had been deeply imprinted in the depths of his soul. He could not forget it. Now, he has long understood that his past life is sword dust and he died. The inexplicable reincarnation came with souls and memories.As the sword dust was born, it retains the memory of past lives. So soon after birth, it had learned the language. Later, based on the conversations in the other population, we have already learned roughly what the family was born. The existence of such kind, at the same time, has also roughly understood that the world is not the world in which it originally existed, but another new world. It is a world where the sword dust has never heard of.The huge house name where the sword dust lives is Changyang House and Changyang House. It is one of the four major families in the city of Lorra. It has a pivotal position in the entire city of Lorra and its father is Changyang. The owner of the house is named Changyang Pa, and his mother, named Pik Wan Tin, is the fourth commander of the Changyang government’s homeowner Yang Pa, not the main house. However, his mother’s position in Changyang’s government is not low. Because she is a bright teacher.Although Jian Chen did not know exactly what Bright Master is, he also understood that his mother's status as a bright teacher was very high throughout Changyang Prefecture and was respected by many people.The sword dust itself is the four young masters of the Changyang government and has a very lofty identity. Above the sword dust, there are two older brothers and one older sister. They are the older brother Changyang Hu, the second sister Changyang Mingyue, and the third brother Changyangke. Both they and Jian Jian are born of the same father. Among them, in addition to the big brother Changyanghu, the second sister Changyang Mingyue and the third brother Changyang Ke Jianchen have seen several times. They are all children under the age of the sword dust. The oldest second sister is just over four years old this year. The sword dust was three years old, and the third brother Chang Yang Ke was two years older than Jian Chen. This year was just three years old. In addition to them, Changyang Fuchu still has many children belonging to the Yan family.At this time, an old man dressed as a steward came behind the sword dust and said in a gentle voice: “The four young masters, the time is late, and the lady told you to go back.”Wen Sheng, Jian Chen just came back to the gods. When he saw the sky, he suddenly discovered that the sky had been played. It was a sign that the night was approaching. Unconsciously, Jian Chen had already stood here for one afternoon. Jian Chen nodded slightly and said: "Ok, Chang Bo, I'll be right back."The man who was called Changbo by Jian Chen was the steward of Changyang Palace. Almost everything he had in his daily life at Changyang Fufang was taking care of him. His identity in Changyang Fuchu was not low, although Chang Bo was only a butler. However, in Changyang, the government did not show a respectful look to anyone, and its identity was almost equal to that of Changyang, the head of the Changyang family.There was a smile on Changbo’s face. He looked into Jian Chen’s eyes with a trace of expectation. With dust age less than half a year old, Jian Chen could walk alone on the ground without relying on human support. In eight months, I can speak and speak clearly, and I have been able to communicate with people. With these two points, Jian Chen has already veiled the genius title in Changyang Fuchu. It has now become Changyang. Fuchu expects the highest person.At night, sword dust went to the dining hall with her mother, Pik Wan, for dinner. The dining hall they used was a special dining hall. Only the owner of Changyang House and his own children and several dormitory rooms could use it.When Jian Chen and Pik Wan Tien came to the dining room, they had sat on the round dining table with three beautiful women. They were all in their twenties, and there were two older people besides them. A boy and a girl, boys and girls, look like they are three or four years old. They are long, fat and white. At the moment, Zheng An is quietly sitting on the bench. He is the third owner of the Changyang government. At the same time, Changyangke, the three young masters of Changyangfu.As soon as he saw sword dust coming in, Chang Yangke’s small eyes were full of provocative, with a hint of hostility. Obviously, his heart had a slight prejudice against sword dust.Although the mothers including Jian Chen, the four women all saw the slightest hostility in the eyes of Chang Yanke, but none of the four of them care. In their opinion, this is only a play for children. There is no harm at all.The other little girl looks like she is four or five years old. She has two small whips on her head. Her bright eyes are full of weird elfs. There are two small dimples on the shallow smile. Very cute, just from the look of her youthful appearance, she can almost certainly wait for her to grow up, and she must be a beautiful woman who will look like a country in all her glory. She is the second child of the owner of Changyang Prefecture, and is also the second wife of Changyang House, Changyang Bright Moon. She is the only daughter of the four children of the Changyang government.“Four younger brothers, you are here, come and sit down!” Seeing the sword dust coming in, the shallow smile on Changyang’s bright moonlight has become even brighter, and he has quickly waved his hand and called out.Jian Chen nodded his head slightly against the bright moon of Changyang, and he was also called hello. Then he followed his mother to sit in two empty positions on the round table.Jian Yun's mother, Pik Wan-tian, looked at her in love with her sword and whispered: "Xiang Er, see you a few aunts and a second sister and a third brother."Jian Chen helpless, looked at the face of those few delicate women, said: "I saw the big aunt, two aunts, three aunts, second sister, the third brother." Since knowing that the sword dust has learned to speak, his mother Bi Yun Tian was happy at the same time, but also hard to pull the sword dust to learn some of the most basic rituals, and the sword dust holding it, then the security of the idea, for their mother's proposal there is no resistance, because he also knows that he It will grow in this new world in the future.When he first came here, Jian Chen also had a fierce struggle for his own identity. After all, he was a reincarnated former life. Since he has retained the memories of his past lives, he is still a sword dust and he is now This identity, in the depths of Jian Chen's heart, is still a little ruled out. However, over time, he eventually accepted his current status gradually. Anyway, Pik Wan Tian was born with his mother after all. Although he had somehow preserved the memories of his previous life after his death, that memory was actually happening in another world. There was no connection with it here. Today, Jian Chen has already hidden his previous things in his head. At the same time, I intend to accept everything here with a sincere heart.The three women all looked at Jian Chen with a smile. One of the women wearing yellow luxurious clothes said with a smile: "Yun's sister, ah, Xiang Tian is really getting more and more sensible now. Hey, it's hard to imagine. He is a one-year-old boy. I really admire you. There is such a clever son.” This woman wearing a yellow dress is the second wife of Chang Yang Fu’s homeowner Chang Yang Ba – Bai Yushuang , the mother of Changyang moon."Yeah Yuner sister, the second sister said it was good. Now I have found that I am more and more like this child of Xiang Tian." The woman sitting beside Jian Chen said with a smile, though, but She looked at Jian Chen’s eyes but was calm. She was the wife of Changfeng’s three ladies, Yu Fengyan.“Sheng Tian is indeed the most talented child I’ve ever seen. He walks alone after half a year and can speak in eight months. This is absolutely impossible for other children of the same age. He really looks forward to flying quickly. At the age of three, I performed the Holy Power and Potential Tests in the body. I hope that by the time he will give us all a surprise.” The woman who spoke was slightly older, and she was full of noble temperament. She was the owner of Changyang Prefecture. The first lady, named Linglong.The exquisite voice just fell, and the voice of a man with a simple and honest voice suddenly sounded: "Yeah, I'm also very much looking forward to waiting for Xiang Xiang to perform a Holy Power Test when he is three years old. It will give us all a surprise." With the voice I saw a young man of nearly 30 years old entering the dining hall. The young man was exuded with the temperament of a superior. He was wearing a white robe with golden silk and a long black hair. He put on his shoulders and gave people a very floating feeling."Friday!""Oh!"Upon seeing this young man, the seven people sitting on the table at the same time stood up and clamored, and the sword dust was no exception. He called softly.This young man is the owner of Changyang House and Changyang Pa.Chang Yang Pa came directly to an empty place on the table and sat up with a gentle smile on his face. He looked at Jian Chen with a soft look and said softly: “I’m still happy to live in Fuchu?”Jian Chen nodded slightly and said: "It's OK!"Chang Yang Pa has a slight smile on his face and continues: "Xiang Er, if it feels boring in Fuchu, go outside to get rid of it and see the outside world by the way.""I know, oh!" said Jian Chen softly.See Jian Qing so sensible, it is not like a child just over one year old, Chang Yang Pa mind has no words to say happy.The family had a good meal for dinner. A meal was soon eaten. After dinner, Jian Chen returned to his room alone. According to his age, he was supposed to sleep with his mother, Pik Wan, but Jian Chen took the initiative to ask himself to live alone in a room. For this issue, Jian Chen’s attitude was very resolute. In the end, his mother, Pik Wan Tian, ​​was really embarrassed but he finally had no choice but to agree.At night, the sword dust sits cross-legged on the bed with his hands on his knees, his palms facing upwards. He is doing five heart-to-to-air gestures, and silently runs the first layer of the purple sword.Ziqing Jiandian is the largest stack of sword dust in the past 20 years of age. It is a practice cheat. It not only records a very profound heart, but also has some powerful power. Sword tricks.This purple-green sword code was inadvertently dropped into a pool under a cliff in the middle of a cliff and was found dead in a cave after waking up. Then it used to feed fish every day. After ten years of sword-dust quizzism and ability to leap to the top of the cliff, he flew up from the bottom of the cliff and returned to the ground again.Jian Chen was an orphan and his parents died in the war era. He was adopted by a kind old grandfather when he was a child. When he came out of the cliff, he had been in the past ten years and he returned to the place where he was. In the crippled village, the grandfather who adopted it had passed away for many years. Finally, after relying on his grandfather who had adopted no one to worship, Jianshi left the small village and alone.Since the sword dust accepted the world and his current identity, he began to practice Ziqing Jiandian. Now he has practiced for half a year.