Chapter 30 Vice President Bai En    "bump!"The tower collided with Cheng Mingxiang's fist and made a dull sound. The fists touched and the strong anti-quake force made both figures retreat quickly.Feeling the power contained in this boxing box, Ming Xiangxiang’s face was slightly changed. The look to the tower was full of surprises. Although the strength of the tower was less than that of the Holy One, the power of this boxing was probably even the Holy One. Can not play it out, if not Ming Xiangxiang's strength than the tower too much, I am afraid that this is just a confrontation, it will make him eat a dark loss, but even so, at this moment was Mingxiang's entire right arm are Faintly hurts.Ming Xiang has moved his lower right arm, and now his eyes on the tower have changed a bit. The secret passage: “The principal’s apprentice is really not simple. The power contained in this boxing is actually so terrible and completely overwhelmed. If I were to switch to being an ordinary saint, I would be afraid to eat a small loss in the face of the fist."The tower's innate power and incredible power are incomprehensible. No one in the same age will dare to compare it. In addition to these, the physical strength of the tower is also very horrible. Even the sword dust is amazing and it is a hard touch to Ming Xiangxiang. The tower was simply hurt by the United States and Europe.The tower excitedly laughed twice and shouted, "Come on again, and accompany me with a joyful fight." Then, the tower picked up his fist and rushed towards Ming Xiang again.Looking at the tower once again, Mingxiang smiled slightly and immediately changed the color of Luo Jian. He whispered, “I dragged on to the tower and you went to teach Changyang Xiangtian.” Mingxiang rushed toward the tower and fought fiercely with the tower.Because of the special status of the iron tower, Ming Xiang did not dare to use the sacred soldier. The direct use of the two fists and the iron tower was in the battle, but after several rounds of battle with the iron tower, Ming Xiang’s heart was secretly afflicted. The power of the pylons was real. It was too perverted, and the strength of the flesh was as hard as steel. It was fighting against the tower without the use of the sacred soldier. It was fighting against a moving steel fortress. The physical strength was coupled with that terror. The power has completely made up for the deficiencies of the tower on the power of the Holy Spirit. Although the strength of the Ming sage is stronger than that of the pylon, but without using sacred forces, it is impossible for the tower to reach the end. He has gradually been behind. With all his strength, even so, but only barely overwhelmed the tower line, and he did not dare to touch the tower's fists for a long time.Looking at the fiercely heated towers of Ming Xiangchao, among the students who watched the lively library, some people who knew the identity of Mingxiang had unbelievably widened their eyes, although many of them had not seen it before. However, many of them heard the name of the tower. After all, the Tower was second in the freshman contest. Although not famous in the college, there are no fewer people who know his name. It is very difficult for them to imagine that a freshman who has not yet advanced to the Holy Spirit has such a powerful strength that he has actually advanced to become a Holy Man. He has been known as a practicing genius in the Kargath Academy. .The newcomer Wang Changyang Xiangtian who won the first place at the Newly Married General Assembly alone can defeat the Kadiyun who has just been promoted to the Holy Spirit alone with the power of this Bacheng. This news is shocking enough, and at the moment, The iron tower that has not yet been promoted to be a holy one can actually be tied with Ming Ching Cheung, who is the strongest player in the middle row of the Kargath Academy. This news is absolutely unacceptable to them.In the extremely fierce fight of the Xianghe Tower, Luo Jian was not idle. He rushed toward Jian Chen. Luo Jian did not use the sect. With his strength as an intermediate sage, he did not bother to use sacred soldiers to deal with it. One who has not yet been promoted to be a saint.Luo Jian quickly rushed to the front of the sword dust, did not give the sword dust time, the right leg quickly kicked out, with a breezy wind directly to the stomach of Jian Chen, this leg Luo Jian kicked fast again Alas, there is simply no hand in the slightest. For Jian Chen, Luo Jian did not have the slightest consideration.Although Luo Jian played very fast on this leg, he still saw Deng Jian’s ability to reflect and dodge speed. When Luo Jian’s body was about to kick the Jian Chen, the body of the sword dust slightly moved sideways. Luo’s The legs rubbed against the sword dust and slipped past. Although Jian Chen seemed to be a dangerous escape from Luo Jian’s attacks, he couldn’t see a panicked look from his face, showing a calm face. .Seeing that his own attack failed, Luo Jian’s eyes showed a hint of surprise. But the next moment, the power of the blue sage emerged from the body immediately. When the power of the blue sage appeared, it was all around Luo Jian’s body. Somehow, there were some delicate breeze.Feel that this suddenly appeared in the breeze around Luo Jian's body. There was a hint of surprise in the eyes of the sword dust. According to what he saw in the books, this phenomenon was clearly the performance of the wind power attribute of the Holy Spirit.The power of saints with attributes is usually much stronger than the power of saints without attributes, and they also have more capabilities based on their attributes. People who possess the power of the Holy Spirit must have a lot faster speed. When faced with the same strength, it is difficult for someone to surpass those who possess the power of Holy Spirit in speed.As soon as the power of the blue celestial being appeared, Luo Jian's right fist was wrapped by the power of the blue sacred power and quickly approached the door of the sword dust. The punch was very fast and the fist passed. The place is like an illusion. It is hard to catch the naked eye.Jian Chen's face showed a serious expression, his head slightly biased, escaped Luo Jian's fist attack, then immediately kicked out of his right foot, with no more than the speed of Luo Jian fist slowly kicked toward his body.Luo Jian’s eyes flashed in his eyes, and the speed of the sword’s dust reflection was much stronger than he had imagined. At the moment, he did not have enough time to take back his right hand, facing the sword dust this speed is not slower than his own, Luo The construction was too late to escape. In desperation, the sacred power of the wind attributes quickly gathered in the left hand, and then with a swift and sacred power to the leg kicked by the sword dust.Luo Jian's fist with a strong Holy Power collided with the foot kicked by Jian Chen. The strong force on his fist directly flew out the many swords and dust that the Holy Power had to weak.The body of Jian Chen slid backwards quickly and his feet rubbed on the ground, leaving behind two distinctly clear traces. He retired a distance of nearly ten meters, and the sword dust resolved the strong impact. Looked at his face, sword dust did not receive much damage.Luo Jian rubbed his left hand casually, looking at the eyes of Jian Chen’s eyes with a serious look. After a short fight, he had already understood in his heart. He must not look at ordinary people’s eyes to see sword dust. Although the strength of sword dust has not yet been promoted to sainthood, its fighting power has definitely reached the point of the saint.Luo Jian’s eyes flickered, and hesitated slightly. Finally, he finally made up his mind. According to the current situation, if he wants to beat Jian Chen with the fastest speed, he only uses the sacred soldier, although it will inevitably make others look at it. Some jokes, but he understood that if he does not use sacred soldiers, it is estimated that he will not be able to defeat the sword dust in a short period of time. If it is still a long time to deal with a new student who is not even a strength sage, it will be a long time. It will have a greater impact on his reputation.People who think of using their strength as an intermediate saint to deal with a person who is not even a saintly person actually use sacred soldiers. This makes Luo Jian feel helpless, and makes him hate the sword dust more deeply. a bit. In today’s World War I, regardless of victory or defeat, he will lose his face. On the other hand, I’m afraid that due to today’s World War I, the reputation of the sword dust will rise. Once again, it will spread throughout the entire Kargas College.Luo Jian’s eyes shimmered with the shivering Hanmang. The fierce eyes couldn’t dare to look at it. With the powerful force of the blue sage on the palm of his hand, he rushed out and gradually condensed into a big blue sword. The giant sword is five feet long and three inches wide. The entire surface of the sword is covered with a layer of icy blue light. The sharp blade reflects the chilly awns under sunlight and it is shocking.Feel the strength of the powerful Holy Power that was laid on the blue giant sword in Luo Jian's hands. The face of Jian Chen gradually became dignified. With the sacred soldiers in hand, Luo Jian’s strength was several times higher than before. If you don’t use sacred soldiers, sword dust can still manage to cope. However, once the sectarians are used, the sword dust must be carefully and cautiously combatted. With him, he experienced many battles and deaths in past lives and it is extremely rich. The battle experience, perhaps he can remain undefeated under the attack of Luo Jian, but to win, it is very difficult.With the sacred troops in hand, the momentum of Luo Jian’s entire person suddenly rose. He stared at his face with serious sword dust and reverberated: “Changyang Xiangtian, I must abandon you today.” At the same time, Luo Jian lifted the blue giant sword. The blue light of the entire Great Sword leaped upwards. The powerful swaying power of the Holy Spirit frightened academies hiding in the library."Ah!" Luo Jian burst into a drink, holding a cyan sword in his head, leaving a beautiful trail of blue in the air, slamming down at a terrific speed, and saw a powerful blue sword blowing off his sword. If lightning speed shoots toward sword dust.Feel the strength of this Jian Qi, Jian Chen's face suddenly become dignified, it is definitely not today's he can withstand, and the speed of the blue Jian Jian is very fast, incredibly fast, the sword dust simply too late to do too much Thinking, all the strength of the body gathered in the legs, just as he just had to do his best to dodge, suddenly, a white shadow from the outside of the field with a faster speed than the blue sword, come across the sword Before the dust.When the blue sword air shot in this white shadow, actually disappeared without a trace, disappeared without a trace, and even the slightest spark did not bloom.The white shadow that I saw later was a middle-aged man about 40 years old. The middle-aged man was dressed in a white robe. The weak face was full of seriousness at the moment, which was a bland pair. Eyes are full of anger.When Luo Jian saw this middle-aged man wearing a white robe, his face suddenly changed dramatically, faintingly pale, and the blue-colored giant sword disappeared quickly in his hands. He immediately bowed and saluted and said respectfully. : "The Vice-Chancellor!" It was a short three-character word, but it revealed the faint trepidation in Luo Jian's tone.After listening to Luo Jian’s call for this middle-aged man, Jian Chen slightly glimpsed and his eyes stayed on the back of the middle-aged man. He already knew the identity of the middle-aged man, and he was relieved to be in the identity of the Cadagas College. Second only to the principal's only vice president - Bai En.