Chapter 31 Breakthrough - Ten LayersBai En eyes fiercely stayed on Luo Jian. He immediately slammed heavily and turned his eyes to the towering towers and Cheng Mingxiang. They shouted, "Do not stop me!" The voice sounds like a thunderous explosion in the ears of both people. Both of the shocked people's hearings have fallen into short-term blindness.The tower and Ching Ming-hung stopped at the same time. When the two of them saw the sudden appearance of Vice President Bai En, the tower opened its eyes and smiled, and the excitement of a child, and Ming Xiangxiang face slightly changed, suddenly became It's a bit ugly.The tower to the side of sword dust up and down from top to bottom carefully looked down the sword dust, snoringly asked: "Changyang Xiangtian, you are not injured."Jian Chen gently shook his head and looked at the tower to make him wink and told him not to speak.The tower smiled. Although he looked puzzled, this time he could read the meaning of Jian Chen. He simply didn't say nonsense. He stood beside the Jian Chen without saying a word, but kept facing the opposite side. A look of lucid Ming Chengxiang wink, the look between the full of provocation, apparently just that battle has not let the tower enjoy.Bai En's deputy headmaster stared at Luo Jianhe and Cheng Mingxiang with fierce eyes, and Shen replied, "Luo Jian, you have violated the College's regulations. You can be guilty of it."Luo Jian raised his head indignantly and said, “It is a very common thing for the vice principals and students to discuss. However, I only learned from Changyang Xiangtian and learn from each other. What’s wrong with this? To make this provision, please also ask the deputy headmaster to explicitly tell me where I am in violation of the regulations of the college."“Oh, you dare to quibble!” The vice president said, and his face was sinking: “Luo Jian, what is the provision of Article 66 in our Karjas College.”Wen Yan, Luo Jian bowed his head and pondered about the meeting. After a moment, he began to say: “The rule of Article 66 is that it is forbidden to fight in the library and destroy everything in the library.”The vice president of Bai En sneered and said, "I just feared that if the Jian Qi was not blocked by me, I'm afraid that the door to the college library was already destroyed by you. Luo Jian, do you still have no idea about crime?"After listening to this, Luo Jian suddenly changed his face. Vice President Bai En said well. If the Jian Qi that he had just shot escaped successfully by Jian Chen, the library door would certainly be destroyed. It will even hurt those students who are watching lively.As for the situation in which Jian Chen could not escape this Jian Qi, Luo Jian did not dare to speak out. If he goes out, he is afraid that he will end up with a greater crime because there are clear rules in the college and the students are It is possible to learn from this, but if it is deliberately wounded, then it will be punished, and he will use a sacred soldier against a freshman who is not able to reach the strength of a saintly person, and he will also send out a strong sword with almost all his strength. This is no longer a matter of simple intentional injury. Although he had long known the consequences of this, but afterwards he had enough reason to confuse the past, but at the moment he was caught by the vice president of the college. The development of the incident has completely exceeded his expectations. In Luo Jian's heart, he only prays that the vice president will not give him a greater charge."Luo Jian knows sin." Facing the vice president, Luo Jian dared not have the arrogant arrogance.Vice President Bai En coldly hummed and continued: "Luo Jian, now that you have violated the college's regulations, I will punish you for a month to meditation and you may have objections."Jing Sitang is the place where Kargath Academy punished some guilty students. Although it is a “dang”, it is actually only a small stone house built entirely from stone. Unlike a dormitory, this small stone house It is very small and can only accommodate the next person. Once you close the door, you will fall into a darkness where you can't see your fingers. No matter how intense the outside light, it cannot penetrate the fully enclosed stone house. When you close the massive stone gate, you will find it in a state of silence. Even if the sky is full of thunderstorms, you will not feel it inside."Luo Jian was willing to take it orally, and there was no objection." Luo Jian lowered his head and said in an attitude of respectfully, no one found that at the moment Luo's eyes were full of vicious views, and his grievances against the sword dust were growing. Now.Bai En's deputy principal nodded slightly. His face looked a little better and said, “After leaving, you will go and think about it yourself.” Then, Bai En's vice principal gazed at the disgruntled Cheng Mingxiang, Shen Sheng said: "Cheng Ming-hsiang, with your strength, actually bullied a freshman. We faced you at Carcass College."Ming Xiangmian expressionless, whispered: "The vice president learned that Mingxiang knows and does not have the next time.""Cheng Ming-hsiang, I hope you will remember that here is the Kargas Academy, not your Hua Yunzong. As long as you are in the College of Cadagas one day, then you must follow the rules of the Calgas College. Otherwise, if you It is Hua Zongzong's less sovereign, and it will be severely punished. I hope you don't have to do it next time. Let's go.” For Cheng Mingxiang, the deputy director was obviously jealous and afraid to do too much.Ming Xiangxiang said nothing, and with a few followers he followed silently left here.Seeing that the general trend has gone, Luo Yun and Chen Feng and Carl Three did not continue to stay here, leaving ugly.When the crowd left, Vice President Bai En eyes fell on Jian Chen. He smiled and said: "You are Changyang Xiangtian."Jian Chen nodded his head and said, "Yes, it is down."The dean took a good look at Xiangyang Xiangtian. The serious expression on his face had long disappeared. He smiled and said: "With less than the strength of the Holy One, they actually forced Luo Jiandu to use the sacred soldier. Changyang Xiangtian ,You are very good."“As an assistant dean, you praised me. I only revolved around fortunately for a moment.” Jian Chen’s tone faded back and his face did not show a proud look.Looking at the plain face of Jian Chen, the vice president of Bai En nodded his head and said, "Changyang Xiangtian is doing a good job of cultivating, and strives to be promoted to a Holy One at an early date.""I would like to thank the deputy director for his concern. I will certainly work hard." There was a slight smile on Jian Chen's face.Afterwards, Bai En eyes turned to the Tower and said, “The Iron Tower, although you have become the apprentice of the Dean, your identity is different from that of the past, but you have to remember that only when your strength is improved can you really be affected by others. Your respect can only stand firm on Tianyuan. Do you understand?"The tower quietly nodded and said sternly, "The tower understands.""Ah!" The assistant dean nodded and continued: "Although you are extremely talented and you have unlimited success in the future, you must never be proud of it. You must face it with an ordinary and calm heart. Remember To learn the blasphemy of those disciples, now that you have become the apprentice of the Dean, then your future cultivation should be more painstaking, spend more time on repairing your face, and never let the President mourn your hard work."After listening to this, the tower patted his chest and wanted Bai En to promise: “Associate Dean, don’t worry, the tower will work hard and will never lose face to the master.”The vice president nodded with a smile and then left. When the vice president departed, sword dust chatted with the tower again and then they bid farewell to each other and continued to return to the library to read his book.When the sword dust returned to the library, the students who had read the books in the library all disappeared without a trace. Soon afterwards, two sensational news spread all over Kargasi at an incredible speed. campus.“The tower that won the second place in the New Year’s contest has actually become the apprentice of President Kagas and has had a fierce battle with Ching Ming Cheung, who is known as a practicing genius in the college.”“The newcomer to the martial arts conference, Wang Changyang, Xiang Tianli, who has the strength of the middle-class sage, Luo Jian, used his empty hand to force Luo Jian to use the sacred soldiers to engage in warfare. Finally, he unleashed the dean of Bai En’s deterrence and received a meditation in the wall. One month penalty."In just a few short hours, these two messages have already reached every corner of the Carcassian Academy, which surprised all teachers and students. At the same time, the Tower has become a famous and famous celebrity in the College of Carcass. He was originally born as a civilian. Now his status has changed dramatically. Before the children of nobles who could not afford to look down on his life, he had to change his face in the face of the tower. At the same time, the tower became a college. The objects that all the children of the Chinese are trying to draw upon.Although the reputation of Jian Chen is also spread throughout the entire campus, it has been completely covered by the towering glow of the tower. In this regard, the sword dust does not care.In spite of this, there are still many female students who have cast a bright, obsessive gaze on Jian Chen. Jian Chen’s looks are very handsome and are definitely no worse than any of the boys in Carcass College. That unique momentum and strong strength, it is definitely a girl killer, so in the College of Cadenza, Jian Chen has become the Prince Charming of many young girls.Since the time of the library's first world war, the days of sword dust have not been calm. When he first appeared in the college, there are always many male students who challenge him with excuses for various reasons. Even if Jian Chen goes to the library and reads books, many people will harass him and let him not even read the book at peace time. For this reason, Jian Chen has also played several times and learned a few self-righteous people. , But perhaps it is because sword dust is too forgiving to start it, and the effect of deterrence is negligible. It can almost be ignored. In the end, the sword dust became helpless. After the consent of the vice president, only the book was taken to the dormitory. In addition to reading the book, all other free time of the sword dust was devoted to cultivation.Time passed in a hurry, but it was already three months in the blink of an eye. In the early morning, when the sun slowly rose to high altitude, the sword dust sitting on the bed and knees finally opened its eyes slowly and opened its eyes. Two Jingmans flickered from his eyes.Jian Chen slightly bowed his head and slowly spread out his palms. He saw nothing in the palms of his hand. The third-order magic nucleus that had been held in his hands had disappeared completely.Feel the power of the mighty sacred body that is like the Yangtze River and the Yellow River. The face of Jian Chen finally reveals a smile - the tenth layer of Holy Power.After these three months of cultivation, he has risen from the strength of the ninth floor to the peak of the tenth floor. He is a saint from the consecrated sage and can step out at any time. The third-order magic nucleus obtained at the new-generation contest has been completely consumed by the sword dust. Although the energy contained in the third-order magic nucleus is very large, the energy required for the sword dust cultivation is far greater than ordinary people. To be much more, after all, the energy he needs for his body is terrible. Therefore, a third-order magic nucleus sufficient to allow an eight-episode power to be promoted to at least a mid-level saint is only able to reach the sword dust. The height of the ten-story peak of the Holy Power.