Chapter 32 Hunting the Magic CoreJian Chen looked at the sky outside the window, and now the sun has been hanging high in the air, the time is already late.Today is a special day for Kargath Academy. Today, there will be a large-scale event at Karjas College. Teachers and students must participate in the entire school. The activity is called field survival battle. All students must go From the small forest twenty miles away from the College of Kargas, and staying for three days, less than the strength of the Holy Powers, each person must obtain at least two first-order magic nucleus within three days to complete the clearance. Everyone who has attained the power to attain the Holy Spirit must obtain at least two second-order magic nucleus to complete the battle. There will be no limit to the number of magic nucleus handed over, but the one who has paid the most magic nucleus will receive very much. Rich rewards, a fourth-order magic nucleus of a land property and a space ring.Such a rich reward is enough to make them move even if they are in the eyes of wealthy children born in the big family.At the same time, all the students who pass the exams have books on the fourth floor of the library that read various combat skills and practices. This reward is more attractive to those who are born in common civilians.Combat skills are a kind of combat skills that can exert powerful attacks. Through the unique use of Holy Power, you can use your strength to 120 percent or even play a powerful trick that completely exceeds your own strength.The practice of meditation can only be used if the power reaches the saints. In some civilian families, even the lowest cultivating exercises are not available. Those children born in civilian families basically rely on the most shallow method of evacuation. To cultivate the power of the Holy Spirit, this method of exile is spread throughout every corner of the Tianyuan continent, and the content is extremely simple. Almost every civilian family knows its content. The only drawback is that this method of exhortation can only The cultivation to the power of the Holy Spirit is only ten layers. There will be no use for those who have already advanced the Holy One. Therefore, a combat skill and cultivation practice is already a rare treasure in the eyes of students who are born in civilian families.In the Tianyuan Continent, all combat skills and cultivating exercises are divided into four levels. They are Holy Order, Heavenly Order, Land Rank, Person Order, and each order is divided into Primary, Intermediate, and Advanced. Grades.After leaving the dormitory, Jian Chen walked straight to the playground. The activity was announced three days ago. After three days, almost all the trainees prepared everything and adjusted their strength to their peak.When the sword dust came to the playground, it was already a sea of ​​people. However, it was clearly divided into two camps. One of the camps was composed of the wealthy children without exception. The other camp was all civilians. Born, students with no identity background.All the students who did not qualify for the Holy Grail have a cold weapon in their hands. Because this is a battle with World of Warcraft, the Academy has also allowed them to select a self-defense weapon.The sword dust went straight to the weapon rack, but when he saw the few weapons left on the weapons rack, the brows could not help but slightly wrinkle. The good weapons were almost all picked up by the students in front, and now some of the rest were left. Weapons are not bad, they are heavy weapons that require brute force to swing, and they are simply not suitable for him.Eyes slowly swept across the weapon rack. When the sword dust found a broken steel bar with a finger thickness on the weapon's structure, his eyes suddenly brightened. Then he immediately pulled out his hand to pull it out. The iron rods are about three feet long and their fingers are thick. They are covered with brownish rust and one of them has a very sharp tip.Jian Chen took the rusted iron bar in his hand and weighed it. Then he tried the next hardness. Then he nodded satisfactorily. Although it was inconvenient for me to get up with the steel bar, its weight and length were positive. Suitable for the use of sword dust, in the current weapons left here, there is no doubt that only with the iron can the sword dust as much as possible to play a greater strength.At this time, the tower came out from the crowd, and now he is carrying a giant axe a little bigger than his body. It seems that today's tower is even more imposing.The tower came to the front of the sword dust. When his eyes fell on the rusted iron bar that was held in his hands by the sword dust, he could not help but be puzzled in his eyes. “Well, Changyang Xiangtian, What do you do with this iron bar?"Jian Chen chuckled and said: "What else can we do, of course, as weapons?""Isn't it, Changyang Xiangtian, you actually use this broken iron bar as a weapon. You .... You .... You have no problem with it." The tower looked surprised.Jian Chen chuckled and did not make more explanations.Although he was puzzled by the use of a broken iron bar as a weapon for the tower, he did not continue to struggle with this issue. He continued to say, “Changyang Xiangtian is not as good as the two of us playing together. If we join hands together, there will be no first-order World of Warcraft can threaten us, and even second-order World of Warcraft can kill it, and I grew up in the forest and the beast to kill, and gradually learned some field survival experience, and I Together, you promise to suffer less."Hearing that, the sword dust pondered the meeting and even nod his head to agree with the Tower's proposal, the college did not forbid the students to gather together to hunted World of Warcraft three or five times. Therefore, most of the trainees could gather together for three or five years. And OK.At this moment, a handsome man with a pride and arrogance in the eyebrows came to the front of the tower and said with a smile: “Hello Tower, my name is Chris, and I have ten layers of power. It's not as good as we go together. I believe we'll be together and we'll be more comfortable hunting World of Warcraft."The tower looked like Xiusi and immediately shook his head and said: "No, I and Changyang Xiangtian will be enough together, and I don't need anyone to join."Rejected by the Tower, Xiusi did not feel the slightest discouragement. She turned to see Jian Chen. The look suddenly became a bit arrogant and said: “This must be Changyang Xiangtian, and the four young masters of the Changyang Mansion in Lorra City. Oh, really a talented person, Changyang Xiangtian, I am the Forbidden City Xiami family, my father is the owner of the Xiumi family, do not know that Changyang Xiangtian learns to welcome me to join your team?” Xiusi’s speech was fairly polite, but the faintness of the tone of the voice brought a threatening tone.The Forbidden City is a royal city, and for the Kingdom of Gedun, the Forbidden City is an imperial city, because the Royal Palace of the Kingdom is located in the Forbidden City.Listening to Mitsuhashi's tone with a three-point threat, Jian Chen frowned and looked away indifferently from Shumisi's handsome face. He said indifferently: "Excuse me, we have not. People need to join, after all, we are facing first-order Warcraft, but there is no extra time to look after other people."After listening to these words, Xiusi's face suddenly turned into a pig's liver color, dark and gloomy, the meaning of the words in the sword dust has clearly shown that look down on their own strength.Xiusi face gloomy, staring at Jianshuang's plain face sly eyes, followed by a cold bang, straight away.After Mises’s departure, there followed a number of identities. These people didn’t say hello to the tower or wanted to join the tower, but all were rejected by the tower. People, the tower may not have any good feelings, if you do not want to say more with them.When everyone left, a strong young man who was not much smaller than the iron tower had three middle-aged men. The 20-year-old trainees came from a distance and went straight to the sword and reached out. He patted the shoulders of Jian Chen and laughed: "Four younger brothers, you are now a college celebrity. In our Kargath Academy, I am afraid that nobody has known your name, yes, yes, you Didn't give us Changyang House a face of disgrace, so that Big Brother has followed you a lot of light. "The young man with strong build is the big brother of Chang Chen Yang Hu. At this moment, Chang Yang Hu's face is filled with a happy smile. It is from the heart.There was a smile on the face of Jian Chen. "Brother, don't leave me joke. Right. You just came. This activity is not as good as we are together."Changyang Tiger shook his head and seemed to think of something. His face showed a happy smile and said: "Four brothers, if you were talking to me seven days ago, maybe your big brother will be happy to go hand in hand with you. But now it is not enough, because seven days ago, your big brother I finally succeeded in coagulating the sacred soldier and becoming a saint. This activity is to enter the third layer of the forest to kill second-order World of Warcraft. "With you," said the powerful Holy Power that emerged from the Changyang Tiger. As the yellowish light flashed over the palm of his hand, he saw a double-edged axe in the hands of the Changyang Tiger. The large axe was very large. The axe is much larger than the washbasin, and the entire axe has a khaki light."Four younger brothers, yes, when I condense a sacred soldier, I was pleasantly surprised to find that my Holy Power is actually a property of earth." Changyang Tiger has a proud face. The sacred soldier with attributes and the sacred soldier with no attributes usually have a very big advantage. If two people with the same strength are in a duel, no accident, then the person with the attributes of St. John’s power is almost the final winner. By.Each individual can only discover the attributes of the power of Holy after condensing the sacred soldiers. Therefore, the attributes of the power of the Holy Spirit are almost impossible to find until there is no Holy One, but the power of Holy Power with attributes is very low. On average, one of the thousand individuals will have a saint who possesses attributes.The Kargath Academy has almost all of the most talented students in the whole Gerson kingdom. Therefore, it is normal for students who have more than one Holy Spirit to possess attributes among the more than 1,000 students.Looking at the double-edged axe that Changyang Hu took in his hands, the dust on the surface of Jian Chen couldn't help but smile: “Brother, congratulations on successfully concluding the Holy Prophet to be a Holy One, and it’s still a sanctity of possession. Soldier."Changyang’s face on the tiger's face was very happy. Then he stretched out his fingers and pointed to the young people who were following him. “Yes, four younger brothers, I’ll introduce you to them. They are all outstanding people among my sons of Changyang Tigers.” , are Changyang proud sword, Changyang wind, Changyang Xiaotian.""I have seen four young masters!" Three young people Qi Qi leaned over the sword dust and bent his luggage. His attitude was very respectful. Changyang Fuchu's up and down grades were very strict, so even though they were all children of the Changyang government, their identities were comparable. However, many of them are older than the sword dust. However, attitudes toward the sword dust are still respectful.Moreover, for the tribute to the sword dust of a younger age than theirs, the hearts of the three of them not only did not feel the slightest injustice, but they were filled with a sense of pride, because the sword dust was defeated only by the power of the Eight Holy Powers. The sacred Caddy Cloud, tied with Luo Jian and empty hands a few months ago, finally forced Luo Jian to use a sacred soldier. These achievements made by Jian Chen have made the teachers and students of the entire Kargas College wonder.As the children of the Changyang government, they feel even more proud in their hearts. Because sword dust is the people of Changyang Prefecture, and they are the four young masters of Changyang.