Chapter 33 ViperAfter Jianzheng introduced the tower to his older brother Changyang Hu, he chatted with his older brother Chang Yanghu and continued until Bai En's deputy headmaster arrived.Afterwards, the vice president of Bai En delivered a number of speeches and cleaned up all the trainees. They temporarily took away their space belts and space rings and prevented some people from using the magic nucleus in the space items to charge. Subsequently, each student was given a minimum class space belt. This type of belt is not very valuable on the Tianyuan mainland and is a very common item. Therefore, the college can only use more than 1,000 items at a time.The belt space is very small, only one meter square size, but it is enough to store the magic core, and in each space belt, placed some healing drugs.When everything was ready, more than a thousand students began to leave Kargash Academy and marched toward a forest twenty miles away. There were also dozens of college teachers tasked with their tasks. It is scattered everywhere in the forest, ready to rescue dangerous students at any time, and the leader is relieved to be vice president Bai En.After going out of college, the people gradually speeded up. After all, the weakest of them all reached 80% of the power of the Holy Spirit. Although not at full speed, the speed is very fast.After two hours of hurry, the crowd finally came to the outskirts of the forest. Here, everyone can clearly see that the entire forest was covered with a faint white light.The sword dust was full of novelty and looked at the forest in front of it covered with a touch of white light. He read a lot of books in the library, and his heart was very clear about the origin of this forest.Three hundred years ago, it was still a wild land full of weeds. There was no such forest at all. Later, it was the president of the then-Cagas Academy who used thousands of people's power. It took a whole year to put it here. It was developed and eventually built into a small forest, but despite this, the forest covers an area of ​​nearly 50 kilometers. After more than a hundred years of development, this forest has gradually formed an original forest. appearance.After the forest was fully formed, the president of the Kagas School deputy Bunun personally took three days and three nights to deploy a huge enchantment to cover the entire forest and divide it into three regions. Each area has a strong layer of envelopment. In the end, it puts some low-level attacking power into the World of Warcraft, which has a higher ability to reproduce, for the students in the college to use.Dean Buenayan spent a lot of effort in order to train more talents for the kingdom of Gerson, but then President Buhone was another person, not the current president of the Caucas College. .At this time, the vice president’s Ping He’s voice came from the front. “Your students, from now on, you must stay in the forest for three days and hand in at least two magic nuclei. If you pass through the forest, if you leave the forest midway or don't turn in two magic nuclei, you will be considered a failure and you won't receive any awards.” The voice of the deputy director was clearly introduced into the ears of every student present."Now, everyone is divided on this. Students who have not yet been promoted to the Holy One can join together to hunt World of Warcraft in the second area. If you are a strong student, go to the third area."Subsequently, the people gradually dispersed, and Changyang Xiangtian and the Tower are very natural to walk together, because the enchantment here is only for World of Warcraft, so everyone entered the enchantment and did not receive the slightest block.Into the enchantment, the sword dust and the tower have come to the first area, the area of ​​Warcraft strength is not robbed, has not reached the level of first-order, and for this kind of Warcraft, usually referred to in the Tianyuan mainland For the beast, because only the power to reach the first order can be called Warcraft.More than a thousand students walked together, even if some particularly fierce beasts did not dare to come to the chaos, so very calm along the way, and soon everyone again passed through an enchantment, and today the second area, within this area All the survival is first-order World of Warcraft. For those who are even less than the Holy One, even the low-level first-order World of Warcraft is enough to pose a threat to them.After entering the second area, the sword dust and the tower were separated from the team and moved toward the dense forest. All were surrounded by weeds with a height of one person. The sights were greatly affected and they were simply looked at. Unclear roads, there are still many traces of large-scale Warcraft on the ground.“Changyang Xiangtian, now we will meet World of Warcraft at any time. We must be careful, and we must not be careless.” The tone of the tower was a little serious. Since he was a child, he had been killed in the forest and beasts. His experience was very rich. He knew in his heart how great the danger in the forest was. If he was not careful, he would be killed.The dust on the face of the sword shows a confident look, indifferently said: "You can rest assured that even if you are in danger, I will not necessarily be able to encounter danger." Mirror dust with past lives can not be viewed with ordinary eyes, In past life, he did not live in the primeval forest. It can be said that the experience of sword dust in the forest is much richer than that of the iron tower. In addition, he read a large number of books in the library, many of which are the experience of survival in the Warcraft forest.The tower was tightly gripped by the giant axe and looked at the weedy jungle all around with vigilance. He said, “Although I had killed many beasts before, I have never killed the first-order Warcraft. The powerful World of Warcraft that reached the stage of the Holy One, even if the holy ones with the sacred soldiers are not necessarily able to kill, I do not know if we encounter the first-order World of Warcraft can not kill it, after all, those World of Warcraft will escape, in this place We certainly can't catch it."Jian Chen chuckled and said: "Iron Tower, are you not so confident about your own strength?"The tower looked a little red and reached out and grabbed it. It said honestly: “No, I’m very confident about my strength. My teacher said that my current strength is enough to defeat the Holy One, but the first-order Warcraft I I have never killed it yet, I haven't even seen it....."As soon as the tower was here, Jian Chen’s face was slightly positive. Immediately he reached out and stopped the tower’s next words. Jing Meng’s eyes flickered and his eyes looked around him.Noting that the sudden and serious face of the sword dust, the tower immediately knew that the danger was coming, and suddenly he approached the enemy with prudence, and he swept slowly through the dense weeds.Jian Chen looked fiercely for the next four weeks, but because the surrounding weeds have become extremely strong after years of production, completely blocking his sight, so the sword dust can not see anything.Jian Chen gently grips the iron bar with his right hand and slowly closes his eyes. His ears are shaking slightly, listening carefully to the movement around him.After a few breaths, the closed eyes of Jian Jian suddenly opened, and suddenly, two fierce eyes flashed away. Then, sword dust stepped out, and the rusty iron rod of the right hand took the air with him. The brownish light suddenly pierced at lightning speed.At the same time, a green branch suddenly emerged from the weed and shot at the sword dust at a very fast pace.In midair, the iron sticks of the sword dust collided with the body with the green branches. The branches were immediately blocked, and they paused slightly in the air. At the tip of the iron rod, they pierced into the body of the branches.At this time, suddenly discovered that this is actually a green poisonous snake with the branches, enough adult arm thickness, and now the light is falling on the outside of that body, it is enough for two meters.At this time, a gust of wind streaked past the dust of the sword dust, and only saw the towering giant ax with a piercing voice breaking toward the blue poisonous snake.The giant axe was slashed on the viper's body. The powerful force shot it far away and flew nearly ten meters before falling to the ground with a slight noise. But now, because the weeds are too luxuriant here, let alone 10 meters, even if they are five meters away from sword dust, they are hard to see clearly."Fast recovery, you must not let it hide." Jian Chen understood his situation very well. When the words were just exported, he quickly rushed past the place where the venomous snake flew. In this environment, if it were Vicious snakes are carefully hidden, it will cause great troubles for both of them, after all, every time they will further rub the countless weeds, and the things under the feet are also difficult to see, in order to guard against one The prepared poisonous snake is really troublesome.The tower did not hesitate to hesitate, and quickly followed the direction of the sword dust. When the iron tower caught up with the sword dust, we saw that the sword dust had stopped, and the poisonous snake was standing high in the head three meters away. A pair of cold eyes stared at them both mercilessly, and snake apricots in the mouth continued to spit out.This poisonous snake is just a five-foot-tall body. It has two wounds in the thick body of the adult's arm. One of them is a deep-visible bone blood hole left by sword dust. The other was a long wound left by the Tower Axe, traversing the waist from its thick-armed body, and the flesh of the wound fluttered. The red blood continued to fall from the wound.Jian Chen looked at the serpent with a prudent look. Although this viper was a relatively weak attack, it was, after all, a first-order World of Warcraft. Its strength was no weaker than that of a holy person who had condensed his sacred troops.The tower also looked at the serpent with a solemn look. His hands swayed violently, holding his hands firmly in his hands, and he could exert his full blow at any time.After a moment of stalemate, the sword dust finally moved. The distance of only three meters was almost negligible in his eyes. He saw the body of the sword dust slightly shaken. He had already crossed the distance of two meters and immediately came to the front of the viper. The steel bar in his hand was punctured by a piercing noise and quickly pierced at a rate that was hard to catch with the naked eye, pointing directly at the seven inches of the viper.The viper made a hoarse squeak and his body was very flexible and slightly deflected. He escaped the fatal blow. However, the rusty iron bar still penetrated deeply into his body and would The hole is pierced and the tip breaks out from the other side of its body."Smith!" The intense pain caused the Cyan Viper to make a husky buzz and his mouth wide."Yeah!" The speed of the tower is not slow, and the two hands wield the giant axe to the fullest extent, slamming the head of the poisonous snake.The tower's axe was swept away directly from the snake's head. A fist-sized snake's head flew high, splashed with blood and sky, and the blue blood of the body fractured like a fountain. In a flash, we dyed the weeds all around.