Chapter 34 Easily kill first-order WarcraftLooking at the high flying head and the body that was still spraying blood in a crazy way, the tower face looked deflated, and it was so easy to kill a first-order World of Warcraft. This made him feel unbelievable, because it only The blue poisonous snakes did not make them spend much effort.Jian Chen slowly pulled out still inserted in the snake on the body of the snake, casually wiped the red blood on the edge of the iron stick. In fact, killing this first-order World of Warcraft's greatest merit is still the sword dust. If there is no such lightning-fast sword that pierces the body of a poisonous snake, and wears it to the spear for huge wounds, it is impossible for the tower to have an axe. Easily cut the head of a poisonous snake.The tower took back the axe and looked at it with disbelief and looked at it. It had lost its head and was constantly distorting the snake's body. He murmured: "Changyang Xiangtian. Is this really a first-order World of Warcraft? Why is it so weak?"Hearing it, Jian Chen chuckled and said: "In fact, this is not only a very weak World of Warcraft, but the two of us are too strong together, and this first-order World of Warcraft is enough to give some newly promoted Holy Ones. People have a lot of trouble."The tower smiled, dried the blood on the axe, and put the axe on his shoulders directly, smirking: “That's to say, then we can't easily kill a first-order Warcraft here.”After listening to this, Jian Chen seemed to think of something. His face could not help but smiled with a smile of happiness. "Yes, with the strength of both of us, even if we encounter a first-order World of Warcraft alone, we can kill them." The situation is that we join forces. It can be said that there are almost no World of Warcraft threats to us in this second region. After all, the World of Warcraft here is a college stocking. The purpose is to train the actual combat abilities of the students. Formidable World of Warcraft, unless ...." Said here, sword dust paused, his face showing a hint of thinking.The words of the sword dust heard the tower's excited face and said: "Unless what ....""Unless we encounter a horde of Warcraft, but I just do not know if there will be inside." With the words, Jian Chen's face gradually became serious. With their strength, dealing with a single first-order World of Warcraft will not encounter any difficulties. However, if they encounter hordes of teams, they may not necessarily say it.The tower frowned and said indefinitely: “This should not be possible. I have been in the forest for a long time with the beasts. I have never met a horde of beasts.”"This is not necessarily. I have read a lot of books on the World of Warcraft in the library and found that there are some types of Warcraft that are all basically gregarious. The sense of solidarity is very strong and there are almost no individual actions." At the same time, Jian Chen also came to the head of the poisonous snake before he lost his head. At this time he found that this snake is actually a full six or seven meters long. Then the sword dust directly pierced the seven inches of the viper with a steel bar and took out a piece of blood-stained crystal from the inside.On Tianyuan mainland, there are many types of Warcraft, and their magic nucleus is also different. Some are in the head, some are on the chest, some are in the stomach, and the magic nucleus of the Snake World of Warcraft is on the seven inches of the body. The place, these sword dust have already learned from the book."Touch!" The tower cut a giant axe lying on his shoulders and cut it on a big tree beside him. He cut off the big tree with a bucket full of weight, and shouted proudly: " If you really encounter hordes of warcraft, my uncle will definitely let them come back."Jian Chen picked up the magic nucleus that had been taken out of the blue snake body and wiped the blood on the weeds. Then he threw it directly to the tower and said: "OK, stop screaming, although there are many on Tianyuan. Group of Warcraft, but we can not meet, it is not necessarily it, after all, this is not a forest of Warcraft."The tower then took over the magic nucleus thrown by the sword dust, wondering: "Why do you give me."The sword dust smiled. "This viper was killed by you. This magic nucleus should belong to you." See the tower's meaning to shirk. Jian Chen continues: "You don't shirk this magic nucleus. Accept it. After all, we still have at least three days. During this time, our harvest will surely be very rich, and we will not care about a magic nucleus in this district.""Oh, well, this magic nucleus I will accept first, ah, the next World of Warcraft, no matter who we kill, the magic nucleus is yours." The hand holds this still has some residual blood Nuclear, the tower's happy face, after all, this is the first time he has hunted the magic core of World of Warcraft.Afterwards, the two continued on the road. Because they knew that Dust’s anticipation of danger was very high, the tower was very simple to hand over the task of vigilance to the sword dust, and he kept slashing with the great axe. While clearing the way forward, while constantly wielding such a bulky axe, the physical exertion is enormous. However, for an iron tower with natural divine power, it seems as if it is a normal diet. Nothing is consumed, after all, his strength is not only terrifying, but also almost endless, exhausting this situation as if it could not appear to him at all.Just as the two men did not walk long, Jian Chen's ears moved slightly. The pace of his progress stopped suddenly. Immediately he reached out and grabbed the tower in front of the weeds and slammed the grass and made a squeaky gesture. .The tower listened to the gods and stopped the action of smashing the weeds. They held the axe with both hands and came to the side of the sword dust. They stood side by side with the sword dust. They looked closely at each other and looked vigilantly around them.The two people breathed very carefully, and their looks were full of vigilance. The difference was that the tower was a pair of eyes that kept scanning around, and Jian Chen slightly closed his eyes and felt with his perception. Everything around.Now it's overgrown with weeds. It's hard to see anything with your eyes. Even if you really have hidden dangers hidden in it, I'm afraid it's not something you can see with your eyes. So after a series of tiger towers look around for a long time, what discovers No.Jian Chen slightly closed his eyes and a pair of sensitive ears shook from time to time to capture all the sounds around him. At the same time, the spirit of Jian Chen was also highly hit and he used his powerful “God” to perceive everything around him. .At this moment, the dust in the brain of Dust’s Dust is nostalgic. In his past life, he and Dugu took a losing battle, and finally he achieved a breakthrough in his ability to die, and reached the realm of the Sword of God. At that time, his “god” became The power of the powerful can already be easily diffused and shrouded in everything around it. Anything within the scope of his "God" will have nothing to escape his perception.However, to let the sword dust regret, even though his god was very powerful after his reincarnation, he was unable to spread out. Otherwise, the jungle would not pose any problems to the sword dust. Finding the hidden World of Warcraft is a breeze.The god of sword dust is highly concentrated and tries hard to perceive everything around him. Slowly, his spirit gradually enters a special state. Although his god did not spread out, at this moment, his god It seems as if it has established a subtle connection with the various plants around it, and it seems to be a united one. This feeling is very mysterious.However, when the sword dust entered this state, his perceptive power suddenly reached a new height. Finally, the subtle breath of breath was introduced into the perception of sword dust. This breath was simply too subtle. Even if you stand next to it, it is estimated that it is difficult to sense this silk breath.Jianzun's tightly closed eyes flashed open, and then his body flashed and disappeared in place. He quickly made a side shot and went away. On the way, the body of the sword dust was constantly distorted, constantly adjusted, and evaded blocking him. Weed tree branches.In a short period of time, the sword dust has already spanned a distance of ten meters. Then the iron stick in his hand quickly pierced through the area, wearing a few leafless leaves along the way, piercing several weeds, and moving at a lightning speed. A black shadow hidden in the weed jungle."Oh!"Suddenly, the sound of screams mixed with pain suddenly rang, and then I saw a black shadow leap from the grass and opened the bloody mouth and rushed toward the sword dust.This is a black leopard. It is two meters in length. At the moment, the black leopard has a hole in the size of a finger on the forehead. His blood continues to flow from the wound and flows slowly along the black-haired face. Down, it seems to make it even more awkward.The sword dust looked sharp like a sword, and a sneer gleamed on the indifferent face. Then the arm gave a start, and with a quick and incredible speed he stabbed the iron bar in his hand, aiming at the throat of the panther. In the end, when the Panthers did not reflect it, the tip of the steel bar had penetrated deeply into the throat of the Panthers. Plus, the body of the Panthers was doing a frontal fling in the air at the moment. It was clunky. The body was falling constantly, eventually causing the iron rod that pierced its throat to continue to penetrate deeper. Finally, it directly penetrated its throat, and the iron rod broke through its spine.This time, even with the screams of the Black Panther, it was too late to be sent out. It was already a lifelong croak. He fell to the ground and his eyes were wide open.It was not until this time that the tower came from behind, and when he saw the black panther lying on the ground, pierced by the rusty iron rod, his eyes widened suddenly and surprised."Changyang Xiangtian, this...this...does it kill you?" the tower asked in a trembling tone, although he saw with his own eyes that the weapon of Jian Chen was piercing the throat of the panther, but he was in front of him. How couldn't believe it, because the time was too short. When the sword dust rushed toward this side, the tower had come up with the fastest speed, but when he arrived here, he saw a The first-order World of Warcraft has already died in the hands of the sword dust. The time spent in this period is definitely less than one breath. The body does not even reach half the breath.Hunting a first-order World of Warcraft in less than half the time of breathing, for some of the strong, it is naturally very easy, but the Tower is very aware of the strength of sword dust, it has not yet been promoted to Holy One, And the weapons used are still only a rusty broken iron rod.Jian Chen stepped on the head of the Panther and slowly pulled out the iron bar. He smiled carelessly and said, "Yes, I killed it, but it happened to be that it was impossible to die. It was fast, but it preferred to drill on my weapon, and even if the screams were too late to be sent out, they screamed."After listening to this, the tower grabbed the head and looked skeptically at the dull face of Jian Chen. When he could not believe it, he asked, "Really? Didn't you lie to me?"Jian Chen chuckled. "Of course it is true. Why do I lie to you!"Looking at Jian Chen's face, he apparently did not lie to his own expression. The tower was full of doubts and murmured: “Is there such a stupid World of Warcraft? I actually sent myself to the weapon.”