Chapter 35 Liang XiaoleAfter taking out the magic nucleus of the Panther, the sword dust and the tower continued on the journey of hunting World of Warcraft.It is absolutely an arduous task for the general college to hunt the first-order World of Warcraft with less than the power of the Holy One. It will be in danger at any time, but in the eyes of the sword dust and the Eiffel Tower, it is completely At the moment, the second area has completely become the gold treasure of the two of them hunting the magic nucleus.The time of day soon passed, and when night fell, the sword dust and the iron tower sat on a clearing that had been cleared out. A torch was set up in the middle of the two, and the bright flames continued to pulsate in the dark night. The backs of the two people's reflections are constantly distorted, and it seems that the Buddha is a devil like a claw.Surrounded by darkness, there was a range of flames. It was almost impossible to reach out. At night, it was not so calm. In the woods that did not know how far away, there was always a sound of World of Warcraft. , people feel horrified, if the timidity of the family to spend the night in this environment, I am afraid that is not scared.The tower overturned a large piece of unknown Warcraft meat on the fire shelf. Through the exposure of fire, it can be clearly seen that the clothes on the tower and the sword dust are tattered and covered with Blood traces.These bloods are all of Warcraft, and the clothes are all thorny."Changyang Xiangtian, you are really powerful. I did not think that your rusty iron bar was so powerful that almost all of the World of Warcraft that we killed today were killed by you alone. Only the ones you met were originally met. The snake was killed by me.” The tower said with a look of praise.There was a faint smile on the face of Jian Chen. "I just just caught the opportunity. If it weren't for you that you had severely injured those World of Warcraft, I couldn't kill those World of Warcraft."The tower smiled and finally found some consolation and continued: “Changyang Xiangtian, can you tell me why you can always find out that Warcraft is nearby.” The face of the tower is full of curiosity, this doubt is already in the He had spent a whole day in his heart and now he finally found a suitable opportunity to speak out.Jian Chen did not hide anything. He pointed to his ears and his head and said, "Use this and this one."In accordance with the action of sword dust, the tower also pointed to his own ears and head, and curiously asked, “Do you mean to rely on the ear to stop and rely on your head?”"It was half right!" Jian Chen kept holding the tip of the steel bar on the big stone that he deliberately moved at his feet. He grinds and grinds it. He carelessly replied, "In addition to listening to the ear, We must use the spirit to feel and feel the movements around us, but the latter method is too difficult for you.""Oh!" The tower whispered nodded, and his face looked thoughtful.Jian Chen put the iron bar, which was already about the same size as Moore, and untied the space belt around his waist, saying: “The iron tower, let’s take a look at today’s harvest.” Then, the sword dust kept shaking the space. Belt, all the magic nucleus placed inside.As the magic nucleus, one by one, continues to roll out from the space belt, it gradually builds up a foot-high hill in front of the sword dust.The tower also had a kind of learning, solved its own space belt, poured out all the magic nucleus inside, and finally piled up into a hill one foot high."I have a total of 48." Jian Chen's face hung with a satisfied smile, today's harvest is undoubtedly a huge one."I have a total of 49, one more than you." The tone of the tower is full of excitement. The number of magic nucleus is definitely the first time he saw him. Before, he never thought of himself. One day, there will be so many magic nuggets, although all are first-order, but for the iron towers born in civilian families, this is a great asset."On the first day, there was such a rich harvest, and it was considered good. I don't know if we can use the number of magic nuclei we have now. Can we become the person who pays the largest number of magic nuclei? After all, that reward is very generous. Fourth-order magic nucleus and a space ring." Jian Chen also tempted for such a rich reward, the most important thing is that the fourth-order magic nucleus, the fourth-order nuclear power, can be pure than the first-order magic nucleus too too much.At this time, Jian Chen eyes suddenly a condensate, low shouted: "Let the magic nucleus close up, someone came." Then, the sword dust immediately put the magic nucleus on the ground quickly into the space belt, and hang it back in the waist on.The movement of the tower was not slow. Upon hearing the warning from the sword dust, it began to scramble to pick up the magic nucleus on the ground. When the sword dust had just been cleared, the tower also put the magic core into the belt.When the two of them took all of the magic nuclei into the belt of space and waited for a few more breaths, the distant weeds began to sway slightly. With the sound of “shashasha”, only one figure was found. Thin people came out of the weeds. When he saw the sword dust and the tower standing in front of the fire, he was obviously stunned and then he made a sound of surprise. Like a weak girl. Lived in a life-saving straw-like, ran over in disorder."I finally found someone. I finally found someone. I beg you to save me. Don't leave me alone. I'm so scared. I'm really scared. Those Warcrafts will eat me...." The man's tone Very panic, full of panic, but the sound is very delicate.Wen Sheng and Jian Chen both knew that this man was actually a woman. Through the shining light, she could see the woman wearing a school uniform of Kargath Academy. However, the school uniform has been drawn from the thorns of the forest. The cracks on the road were already covered with clothing, and even the white underwear inside was leaking. The clothes were covered in dirt.The woman's face was full of mud, and she couldn't quite see her face, but the long cheeks had two lines of clear tears at the moment, and the watery eyes were filled with begging to see the sword dust, which looked very pathetic. In eyes, it is so helpless."Sit down first." Jian Chen tries to make his tone more harmonious. For the girl's situation, he already guesses ten. In this environment, even a man who has not passed the storm will feel horrified, let alone a girl's home.Seeing the other person was actually a delicate girl, the tower also relaxed vigilance, gently put down the axe held in the hand, looked curiously at the girl.Jian Chen looked at the girl with a plain look and asked, "Can you tell me what your name is.""I... I'm Liang Xiaole." The maiden replied a bit slyly, looking at the eyes of Jian Jian and both evasive, his eyes full of fear, and some faint concerns and fears."Why don't you have a girl's family with other people? If you are so timid, you have to walk alone in the forest. Only a few screaming voices can scare you into that kind of situation." The tower asked Road.Liang Xiaole looked at the tower and whispered; "I was originally with a few friends, but unfortunately I met a World of Warcraft. The World of Warcraft was very powerful. We couldn't beat it with a few people. Several people were soon injured, and I finally walked away with the accident.After listening to this, the Tower disdainfully scorned and alone underestimated: “Some people can’t even deal with a first-order World of Warcraft. It’s useless. I and Changyang Xiangtian killed almost 100 people today. World of Warcraft only.” At the thought of this, a sense of pride felt in the heart of the Tower."Oh!"At this moment, a weird voice suddenly sounded. Suddenly, the eyes of both the sword dust and the tower rallied to the source of the sound. It was actually Liang Xiaole's stomach. At the moment her stomach was constantly squeaking. Cry."Hungry." Jian Chen smiled on his face."Yeah!" Liang Xiaole nodded shyly and said with a fine text-like voice: "I already have two meals and I haven't eaten anymore." Then, Liang Xiaole's eyes lingered on the fire. Roasted into golden yellow, is constantly on the flames of Warcraft meat dripping grease, the nose a bit greedy smell of a faint fragrance, but the more she is so, the more powerful the stomach is called, and finally heard in the sword dust Both the tower and the tower have already become rumbling thunder.Jian Chen smiled a little and picked up a stick made of Warcraft meat. He was not afraid of hot. He took a large chunk of his hand and tore down to Liang Xiaole’s face. He said: “Let's eat it and be careful about it.”Liang Xiaole picked up a pickpocket and then used his broken clothes to take over the hands and carefully took over the World of Warcraft meat. He refused to eat the hot meat and ate it without any image.Liang Xiaole is estimated to be hungry, and soon put such a large piece of World of Warcraft meat to eat, but also to look at the remaining piece of Warcraft meat.Jian Chen smiled, once again tore off a large piece of Warcraft meat down the road in front of Leung Yue, said: "take it to eat."Looking at the piece of Warcraft meat placed in front of his eyes, Liang Xiaole hesitated a little, but in the end he did not reach out to pick it up. Instead, he looked at the sword dust and the tower, and said in a soft voice, "I've finished eating. What do you eat?"Hearing, the tower smiled and said: "Rest assured, we still have one big one, you see the sink under the tree." Then, the tower stretched his fingers to the direction.Liang Xiaole looked down the direction of the tower fingers, and she discovered that there was still an unknown Warcraft under a tree not far away. One of the legs had disappeared and there was still unblemished blood on the ground.Eyes annotated with the body of Warcraft, Liang Xiaole swallowed hard, said: "You can really ah, two people can kill the first-order World of Warcraft.""Cut ... this is what counts." The tower is not concerned.The time passed quietly. Soon, both the sword dust and the iron tower were eaten. The two were preparing to rest."Hey, where am I going to sleep?" Liang Xiaole said with a look of embarrassment."The sword dust pointed at the big tree not far away and said:" You go to the tree to rest, so even if you encounter World of Warcraft attacks at night, it will not hurt you. ”"Ah, there are still World of Warcraft attacks at night." Upon hearing this, Liang Xiaole became pale with a small face, his eyes full of fear, and his whole body shivering."Then you guys, wherever you go, you don't want to leave me alone, or I'll be eaten by those cruel World of Warcraft." Liang Xiaole then asked, nervously staring at the sword dust. People, for fear that they will leave themselves running like a person.The sword dust secretly sighed. For this timid Liang Xiaole, he really did not have a way. This type of miracle girl born in aristocratic families basically did not pass through any storms. He grew up in the greenhouse and was in danger. Disordered."Do not worry, we will not go far, just rest under that tree." Jian Chen Road.After listening to this, Liang Xiaole finally got some comfort in his mind, but the fear that remained in his heart was still not removed.“This damn college, the damn dean, why do you want to allow everyone to participate in this kind of activity? This is not the intention of killing people.” Thinking of the cause of his fall, Liang Xiaole couldn't help it. Cursing at the opening, when it comes to the back, there is a faint whisper in the tone.