Chapter 36 WolvesIn the middle of the night, the sword dust and the iron towers sat cross-legged and sat quietly under a tree. The pile of torches they ordered had already been extinguished. On the big tree behind them, Liang Xiaole sat on the ground. There was a tree trunk that was five or six meters high. He looked around with a tense look. When the sound of wild beasts sounded in the night sky, she would be nervous for half a day. Under such circumstances, where would she dare to sleep? Sleep well.Liang Xiaole’s bright eyes always kept sweeping across the sword dust and the tower that were under the tree and kneeling. They watched like that, as if they were watching them both. When she said that she was the key to her life and death, she didn't want to see the two people who had met with difficulty to run away under her eyes and lost the only umbrella.At this time, a gentle breeze blew through the trees and rustled the weeds around them. At the same time, the sword dust that sat cross-legged under the tree suddenly opened its eyes, suddenly, two fierce eyes from the eyes. Shooting, looking straight into the depths of the weed jungle, followed by a "Teng!" A stand up from the ground, holding the rusty iron bar tightly in his hand.Liang Xiaole looked inexplicably at the sword dust that stood up suddenly. Somehow, she suddenly felt a deep anxiety in her heart."Hey, what's wrong with you?" Liang Xiaole whispered his voice and asked, cautiously. Under such circumstances, she wouldn't dare to speak aloud for fear of attracting World of Warcraft.Jian Chen did not answer Liang Xiaole’s words and turned to see the iron tower still in cultivation. He shouted low: “The iron tower, wake up soon, there is a World of Warcraft attack.”"Ah, what do you say, there is a World of Warcraft attack." Liang Xiaole was shocked and pale, his face suddenly pale, no trace of blood, because of excessive fear, the body was trembling slightly.Although the tower is practicing, in this environment, even if it is cultivated, it still maintains a guard against the outside world, so after hearing the words of the sword dust, the tower immediately stopped its cultivation, stood up from the ground, picked up the The great axe is on his shoulders."Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​where there is Warcraft." Tower looked around, he not only did not find the trace of Warcraft, even a little movement did not hear.Jian Chen slowly turned his head, staring at his face with a dignified gaze, and sang: "Tower, be careful this time. World of Warcraft is not just one but a group of people.""A group of people!" After listening to this, the original look on the face of the tower suddenly disappeared, replaced by a dignified face."Ah! What! A group! Not right! Hey, I beg you, don't scare me or not." Liang Xiaole, hiding in the tree, was crying and grieving, and said in a begging way, she would rather use this as a sword dust pair. Own intimidation.Jian Chen frowned and then yelled at Liang Xiaole, who screamed at the tree. “You give me a quiet spot. Do you want to bring all of Warcraft to play here?”This sentence of Jian Chen is undoubtedly very useful to Liang Xiaole. Liang Xiaole immediately covered his mouth with his hand and forced himself not to make a sound."Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​how many World of Warcraft is estimated this time," the tower asked quietly."A lot, at least there are more than a dozen. They have made preparations. Now we have surrounded us." Jian Chen said with a serious face.Hearing, the tower's face grew more and more dignified. If it were a World of Warcraft, he could deal with it personally. If he had only two or three, it would be natural for them to rely on their strength. More than 10 times, even if the tower is conceited, it can not help but feel a burst of head.But when Liang Xiaole heard the words of Jian Chen, the already pale face became paler, the brain was completely covered with fear, and only one thought was hovering: “Playing and playing, This time it will be dead. It will definitely not be possible..."With the distant weeds gently shaking, one of the blue highlights appeared in the eyes of the two, all in all directions, and the highlights were numerous. There were nearly fifty full ones. With the constant closeness of the highlights, sword dust and iron towers. The two also finally confused to see clearly, these bright spots are actually all of Warcraft's eyes, the number of more than enough to have more than 20 only."This is the first-order Warcraft Blue Wolf, Tower, if you can not hold it, then go to the tree." Sternly staring at the twenty-plus green wolf around them, Jian Chen said with a deep voice.The tower looked fiercely staring at the surroundings, and slammed the giant axe underneath it. The valiant and grandiose shouted: "Take it easy, Changyang Xiangtian, isn't it more than 20 first-order World of Warcraft? I'll guarantee them There is no return."When he heard that there were a total of 20 warheads in the attack, Liang Xiaole, who was hiding in the tree, was already frightened. At this moment, even if she had confidence in both the dust and the tower, she was absolutely sure. Do not want to awaken two people who are less than the power of the Holy Spirit can survive under the attack of more than 20 World of Warcraft, unless there is a college teacher to rescue."Teacher, where are you, come and help us?" Liang Xiaole looked at the green eyes around him with fear and whispered. Now she only expects the teachers of the college to come to her rescue. Unfortunately, now There are many World of Warcraft here, and timid she dared not scream, fearing to attract the attention of Warcraft to her.More than twenty green wolfs slowly approached the sword dust and the tower, and a pair of green eyes stared at them coldly and mercilessly. They stopped only when they were only five meters away from sword dust.Both the sword dust and the iron tower are tightly holding weapons in their hands. Although they have been surrounded by more than 20 first-order Warcraft wolfs, they do not see the slightest fear from their faces."Oh!"Suddenly, the young wolf had been yelling to the heavens, and immediately followed, the twenty green wolves were yelling and yelling at one another, suddenly sounding loud and powerful, and more than twenty green wolf roars. Perfectly overlapped, forming a powerful sound wave spread far and wide in all directions.Hearing this terrific wolf roar, Liang Xiaole, who hid in the tree, was scared and he almost broke down from the tree. He shook even more fiercely. There was no trace of blood on his face. It's pale.But five kilometers away from Jian Chen, a middle-aged man fell on a big tree and closed his eyes, but when he heard the wolves of this group of wolves, his face changed slightly, and he closed tightly. The eyes suddenly opened, and the direction of the wolf's squeak came."Well, actually it is a group of blue wolves. At least there are a dozen or so heads. It seems that someone is in danger." The middle-aged man's face suddenly became dignified, his hands clasped on the trunk, and he immediately swept down the tree. Then he stopped for a moment, running at the fastest he could reach in the direction of howls of wolves."I hope there is still time." The middle-aged man's face was anxious and his speed had been raised to the fastest. The strength of the students staying in the second area has not yet reached the Holy One. Faced with more than a dozen strengths in the first-order Warcraft Wolves, there is absolutely no chance of winning.At the same time, in the other three directions, three people also immediately dropped their hands when they heard the roar of the blue wolf, and they ran away from the wolves in the fastest speed.The wolf squeak seemed to be an offensive signal to the Blue Wolves. Then, more than 20 green wolf rushed toward the sword dust and the tower."Go to hell." The tower shouted with a roar and struggling to wield the huge axe in his hands. It immediately swept away and swept toward the incoming blue wolf. The sharp blade of the axe rubbed against the air and shrieked.    "bump!"The green wolf that had been rushing in front of him was directly swept up by the tower's axe and suddenly left a huge hole in his body. The huge weight of the body on the axe directly hit the heavy body of the blue wolf. Going out, although the Green Wolf is a first-order World of Warcraft, it still can't bear the titan's terror to metamorphosis.The Tower’s madly waving giant axe was in his hands. He had a large axe weighing a hundred kilograms. He did not seem to have a slight weight. All the blue wolf close to him was given a huge axe. The cricket's chop flies out. No one can come close to his body. Almost every blue wolf that was flitted out of him has left a terrible wound on his body, but the blue wolf’s skin is very fleshy, despite the tower. The strength is amazing, but it is not possible to kill the blue wolf so easily.Looking at the few green wolf that flew toward himself at the same time, Jian Chen's eyes suddenly became fierce, and then he took a step, and at the same time, the steel bar in his hand moved toward the throat of the nearest blue wolf. Out."Oh!"After receiving some resistance, the iron rod eventually pierced the skin of the blue wolf and entered the throat of the blue wolf. Subsequently, the sword dust immediately pulled out the iron bar, while the foot moves slightly, escaping several blue wolf rushed.The green wolf, which was punctured by the sword dust, fell to the ground and fell on the ground without power. The limbs continued to sway the ground, struggling to survive, but they could not stand up, but in its throat. Department, bright red blood flowed continuously.Throat is a fatal weakness for every living creature. Even if it is World of Warcraft, it is no exception. Now the throat of the blue wolf has been pierced and its life is rapidly escaping. At the moment, it is just a dying struggle and it cannot be maintained. how long.Jian Chen relied on his flexible body and walked in the blue wolves. He kept a single wound on the blue wolf from the tip of the iron bar in his hand, despite being trapped in a dozen green wolves. However, with his unpredictable body and shape, Jian Chen still deserved to be able to share his shares. Those blue wolf's fangs and claws could not hit the sword dust. When in a dangerous moment, sword dust is always at risk. Limiting the escape from the past.The fighting only lasted for a short breath of time. Three blue wolves have already been smashed by the sword dust and lost their battle grounds. At this moment, they are lying on the ground and dying, struggling and waiting for them only. The result is death. The rest of the blue wolves that siege the sword dust have suffered injuries to many of them, but the parts of the wound are not fatal or in the joints of the limbs.The sword dust continuously shuttles in the wolves. The iron bars in his hands are continuously and quickly pierced. The movements are extremely quick and powerful, but they are gorgeous and infinity. It seems that they are dancing to the singers rather than experiencing a battle of death.On the other side, the tower continued to roar, and the giant axe weighing over a hundred kilograms was not splashed by the water that he waved. Gradually it had produced an illusion. The dozen green wolf that surrounded him were constantly being cut off by him. Almost every blue wolf had a few horrible wounds, but these wounds were all left behind by the towers. It is not fatal.Although the tower now looks majestic, unbeatable, but compared with the record of Jian Chen, it is nothing, after all, until now, even a blue wolf has not killed the tower.