Chapter 37 Teacher's ShockAfter a few breathing time, another green wolf died in the hands of sword dust, and the number of injuries was countless.Liang Xiaole, who was hiding in the tree, did not hear the screams of the sword dust and the pylons. In his ear, he heard the wail of the blue wolf, which was mixed with pain. Under curiosity, she resisted the heart. The fear opened his eyes and looked downwards, but the next moment, her eyes widened, and she could not believe that she looked at the tower and the sword dust that were struggling with the wolves. Can't say it.Every time the tower tapped an axe, it could fly a blue wolf far away. As his axe continued to wave, no blue wolf could come close to his body, and the blue wolves were all Covered with horrible wounds, it was covered in blood. The sword dust is rapidly moving in the wolves, constantly changing the scope to avoid attacks from all directions, with the stabbing of iron bars in his hands, constantly adding a blood hole to the surrounding green wolf. The quick-moving figure didn't allow Liang Xiaole's eyes to capture clearly. In many cases, she could only see a blurry shadow flickering.The scene that took place below made it easy for Liang Xiaole, who has never experienced any grim scene. After understanding the form below, Liang Xiaole's fear gradually faded. Nevertheless, the body is still trembling slightly. After all, such a bloody scene or her first experience, whoever saw for the first time, there is something that can not adapt.At this time, a blue wolf with the tower not paying attention to the jaw bite on the shoulder of the right arm of the tower, the sharp teeth deeply pierced the muscles of the tower, suddenly, the red blood flowed from the arm of the tower. And out.Severe pain caused the tower's facial muscles to be slightly under the drawer, watching the blue wolf still biting his shoulders, a flash of madness in the eyes of the tower, his face instantly became stunned, and then left behind The great axe in his hand grabbed the blue wolf’s head and took it from his right arm, and suddenly, the sharp teeth of the blue wolf struck a deep tooth mark directly on the right arm of the tower. , And giant mouth, also finally left the tower arm.The tower gripped the upper and lower halves of the blue wolf's mouth tightly, his arms swayed, and the entire arm quickly expanded in a circle. He slammed with a roar and slammed his arms at the same time. Finally he was in the desolate yelling of the Blue Wolf. , directly from the blue wolf from the mouth to tear in half, suddenly, the red blood splattered from the body of the blue wolf and sprayed on the body of the tower, he dyed a blood person.The tower means a deterrent to the surrounding green wolf, watching the corpse of a fellow half who has been half-armed with the hands of the tower. The green wolf around them suddenly stands still, with a hint of fear in his eyes. .However, the tower did not intend to pass this group of blue wolf, throw away the body in his hands, the tower grabbed a large axe inserted on the ground, directly cut to the head of a blue wolf.The head of the blue wolf slightly tilted and escaped the tower's axe. Then Yangtian issued a brief wolf roar and began to rush toward the pylons.Hearing the wolf's groan, the fears of the rest of the dozen green wolf's eyes suddenly disappeared, and one by one the tusks cracked again toward the tower.The tower took a direct step on the abdomen of the blue wolf that had fluttered, and kicked it far away. Then a sweep of it, the sharp axe of the axe cut directly into the neck of a blue wolf next to it, and suddenly, A wolf head flew up high, and it was like a fountain of blood flowing from the neck of a blue wolf.An ax cut off the head of a blue wolf, and the action of the tower did not stop at all. The giant axe was immediately waved to block the green wolf that came around."Touch!" A blue wolf did not dodge, directly by the tower's giant ax's look on the head, the wolf head directly by the tower's ax's smashed rotten, a life whining.After the injury, the tower was obviously more brave. In an instant, he had already killed two green wolves.On the other side, Jian Chen was also fighting fiercely with a dozen blue wolfs. At this time, the blue wolf had been leaping high from the air and rushed toward the Jian Chen with his sword dust back.At this moment, the sword dust suddenly turned back, staring fiercely at the blue wolf that came from the air, and piercing the lightning bolt in his hand, directly piercing the belly of the blue wolf, and piercing the heart of the blue wolf. After a blow, the sword dust immediately retracted the iron bar, and with the body slightly shaking, has left this position.As soon as the sword dust left, several green wolf rushed from the position he had just stood on.The blue wolf, whose sword dust had pierced the heart with iron bars, made a scream of desolateness. When he landed on the ground, he fell to the ground. Then the whole body sobbed, and soon he severed his breath.As the fighting continues, as time passes, more and more blue wolf dies in the hands of sword dust and iron towers. Gradually, the pressure on both sides is also rapidly decreasing.When the iron stick in his hand pierced into the throat of the last blue wolf, Jian Chen had already killed a dozen green wolf who had attacked him. However, there was no excessive blood stain on the clothes of Jian Chen.Jian Chen looked at the direction of the tower and saw only seven or eight blue wolfs on the other side of the tower. However, the blue wolf was already covered with wounds and was bathed in bright red blood. The tattered clothes that had long been thorned by thorns appeared to be even more tattered. It almost became a piece of cloth. It was not covered, and it revealed the towering chest of the tower. Even one thigh of trousers had been completely Torn, and a lot of bloody wounds appeared on the tower.Jian Chen did not hesitate to hesitate. He rushed toward the blue wolf besieging the pagoda with his steel bar, and he pierced the throats of eight blue wolfs with great speed.Because these blue wolves were all severely damaged by the tower, and fighting the tower for so long, they are a little exhausted, so the sword dust is very easy to kill, almost no effort, just eight shots to complete them The life of each hit is very accurate hit the throat of the blue wolf.When all the incoming blue wolves were killed, the sword dust not only felt a little breathless, after all, his current strength is still too weak, one-time and so much strength than their own World of Warcraft to kill, for his consumption It's not small.The tower took a long breath and looked at the corpses of the land. A grin smile appeared on his face. Although he had just experienced a difficult battle, he could not see the slightest tired look on his face. Instead, he shivered. .“Changyang Xiangtian, we have killed all the first-order World of Warcraft that we have attacked.” The tone of the tower was full of excitement. From childhood to childhood, he was the first time to kill so many first-rate World of Warcraft. A little excited.Jian Chen smiled a little, looked at the wounds on the tower and said: "You are hurt, and Yan is not serious."The tower looked down and looked at the wounds on his body. He said, "Nothing is all right. Although I bite, I hurt very much. But it's just some skin injuries. Hey, I've been skinny and ordinary beast since I was young. Just bite it without hurting me."Hearing that, the sword dust nodded deeply and suddenly put down his heart. The physical strength of the tower, but he had a deep understanding, is not to be described with reinforced steel bones, those blue wolf can break the skin of the tower It is also good."Yes, Changyang Xiangtian, you are not injured." The tower is full of interest in the eyes of the sword dust sweeping.Jian Chen shook his head and smiled and said: "Take it easy, those blue wolf still can't hurt me." Then, Jian Chen's eyes moved slightly and looked at the weedy jungle in front of him. The high voice said, "I haven't seen it for so long. Do you have enough time to see when you want to hide?"The inexplicable sound of Jian Chen was heard, the tower was slightly squint, and there was a hint of doubt in his eyes. However, he came to reflect it. Suddenly, a pair of tigers looked intently, his eyes glanced at the place where the sword dust looked, and his hands looked on. Hold the great axe tightly."Who hides there and gives me out, or I'll cut you off." The tower shouted loudly.As soon as the voices just fell, we saw the weeds in front of us jumping slightly. With the sound of rustling, I saw four figures gradually appearing in the sight of the sword and dust.Seeing these four black silhouettes, the tower was immediately vigilant. The sword dust did not move, but a faint smile on his face, although because of the night's reasons can not see the appearance of the four of them, but the hearts of the sword dust had long guessed the identity of the incoming person.The four black figures came to a distance of only two meters from the sword dust and stopped. At this time, the two talents in the sword dust saw the appearance of the visitors. It was clearly two middle-aged men, one old man and one. A middle-aged woman about thirty years old, at the moment, all four were shocked and looked at, as if to see something incredible.“The four teachers are actually you.” The tower apparently recognized the four people and called in surprise.The four quickly recovered, but there was still a trace of deep shock in the eyes.“Changyang Xiangtian, no wonder there are rumors in the college that you can defeat a saint in the air. At first I didn’t believe it, but now it seems that the rumors are really good. Your strength is not only simple on the face, it is only used alone. A broken iron bar can kill a dozen or so first-order World of Warcraft. Even if it is the strength of those who have condensed out the sacred soldiers, it is far worse.” The old man looked at the sword dust with a smile and his tone. It is full of praise.Jian Chen slightly smiled and said: "The teacher over reputation, in the next strength where you say so strong, although these Warcraft is a first-order World of Warcraft, but are all types of low attack power, if you really encounter a strong first-order World of Warcraft I am afraid it will not be so easy."After hearing this, the old man looked at Jian Chen’s eyes with more of a glimpse of appreciation. Then he turned to look at the tower and laughed: “The iron tower, your strength is also very strong. No wonder the dean can be valued by the dean, and You are a disciple."The tower touched his head and smiled, suddenly he did not know how to speak."Clouds are old, it seems that this time we four were running white, and the two of them got together and there was nothing in World War II that could hurt them." At that time, that old age. About 30-year-old middle-aged women chuckle.When they heard this, the other three were all smiles. When they first heard the croaking sound of a herd of wolves, experienced people knew that some of the trainees were in danger, so they came here with the fastest speed. In the rescue, on the way, several of them were constantly praying that the trainees who encountered the wolves could persist for a little longer, but when they arrived at the place, they saw a scene that made them feel unbelievable. In the scene, the two students who were not even able to achieve the strength of the Holy Spirit were actually fighting with more than 20 green wolf and did not fall into the wind. Finally, they killed all the more than 20 green wolves that came. This result For those who witnessed it all, they felt unacceptable in a short time.