Chapter 38 Liang Xiaole's Join"Yes, Changyang Xiangtian, I don't know how you discovered us." One of the middle-aged men asked, his voice full of doubts.After listening to this, the other three people came in with interest and they looked at Jian Chen. They were also very curious about how the Jian Chen found them hiding in the weeds because they were hiding in the weeds. No sound was given, and logically speaking, it was impossible to be discovered by such a big sword dust.Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "Actually, four teachers will know when you come.""What! We discovered when we came. How could this be possible?" The woman shouted in disbelief.The other three people also looked at sword dust in disbelief.The sword dust began: "Although I am fighting with wolves, but I always pay attention to the surrounding movements, otherwise, faced with attacks from all directions, how can I always be able to escape the past at the most critical moment."After listening to this, the four teachers nodded their heads, and they already agreed with this statement of Jian Chen.Jian Chen continued to explain: “Every four of you, although you did not make a sound while hiding behind you, but when you came, the movement was really too big. There was no disguise at all, so it was discovered by me for the first time. It's up."Hearing this, the four people suddenly realized that, and that the old man is even more admiration: "Abundant, powerful, Changyang Xiangtian, now I have to admire you, you are even better than we thought, I would like to When I was at your age, I was even less able than half your ability.” As the old voice began to speak, the old man paused and continued: “Since you are no longer in danger, we should also leave. After all, We also need to protect the other students.” Saying that the four teachers did not leave nowhere, they turned and left."Wait!" Jian Chen suddenly opened the door to four teachers, and then pointed to Liang Xiaole, who was hiding in the tree. He said, "Four teachers, this classmate can help you send her out. She is too timid. It is not suitable to survive here."Hearing that, the old man frowned and took a little thought and said, "This is fine, but if you go out now, even if she pays two first-order magic nuclei, it will be a failure. After all, she is not here. Stay for three days.""No, I don't go out. I have to stay for three days before I go out." Liang Xiaole's voice was uploaded from the tree. She then jumped directly from the tree branch that was five or six meters high from the ground. He passed over the body of a blue wolf and came to the front of the sword and dust."Hey, now there are four teachers to take you out, there is simply no World of Warcraft can hurt you, why do not you go out." Tower's tone is quite dissatisfied, Liang Xiaole's courage is really too small to see World of Warcraft yells and quarrels with towers.Liang Xiaole looked at the tower with a bit of embarrassment and whispered: "I don't want to go out.""Are you not afraid of Warcraft?" asked the tower strangely.    "afraid!""If you are afraid, then why don't you go out.""Isn't there you still?"After listening to these words, the towering and unspeakable iron tower could not find anything to say.Jian Chen looked at Liang Xiaole with a bit of helplessness and said: "Liang Xiaole, you still go with four teachers. There is too much WoW in the forest. It is not suitable for you to stay."Liang Xiaole suddenly became pitifully embarrassed. She may also understand that Jian Chen is the backbone of the two men. Then he stares at Jian Chen with a desperate look, and he pleads earnestly: “Sister, let me follow you, because I It was the first time I saw Warcraft, and it was the first time I came to this place, so I was a bit scared in my heart. But I assure you that I will never say anything to the World of Warcraft after I see it.” After the strength of the dust and the tower, Liang Xiaole didn’t have to worry about the dangers that he would encounter with both of them. Moreover, she listened very clearly. Even the four teachers said that the second area was World of Warcraft has not been able to pose a threat to both of them. With such a good umbrella, Liang Xiaole will not give up easily.The sword dust suddenly got a headache. Liang Xiaole, a splendid lady who was spoiled by her, followed them. It was definitely a huge baggage. When fighting World of Warcraft, she had to take care of her.“Changyang Xiangtian, with the strength of both of you, there is no World of Warcraft threat to you in the second area. It's better to take her on the road with you, but between the classmates, you have to help each other, and this is for you. It is not a test, then, said the middle-aged woman with a smile.The sword dust secretly sighed, since the teacher of the others suggested that both of them should take Liang Xiaole with them, he could not find any reason to reject it.Since the sword dust agreed, even if the tower is dissatisfied, it will not say anything. In fact, after getting along this day, the hearts of the tower have faintly put the sword dust as the main skeleton. Whatever the decision of the sword dust, the tower is Will not refuse, after all, the sword dust not only in the brain than the tower should be flexible, and even the strength and survival experience in the forest must be stronger than the iron tower, it can be said that sword dust in all aspects, let the tower feel Convinced.When the four teachers went away, the sword dust and the tower did not bother Liang Xiaole, and each went to clean up the body of the blue wolf. After all, this was more than twenty first-order magic nuggets. They would not be wasted.Because the blue wolf's magic nucleus is in the brain, so the sword dust and the tower to want to remove the magic nucleus, it must break the blue wolf's head, this extremely innocent and full of bloody side of the Liang Xiaole It was a pale face, but when we had just experienced something, perhaps the subtle changes in Liang Xiaole's psychology, she did not go too far and resisted the cowardly emotions in her heart, her eyes staring straight at the sword dust and The action of the two towers looks as if they are learning.The night rushed by, since the arrival of the blue wolf, there wasn't a World of Warcraft before the midnight to harass them.As the dawn of dawn rose slowly from the end of the sky, the sword dust, sitting cross-legged under the tree, slowly opened his eyes, then stood up from the ground, and freely moved a somewhat stiff body.As soon as the sword dust had just risen, the tower that had heard the movement also opened its eyes and stood up from the ground. Although the two men were practicing, but in this environment, they kept a watchful eye on the outside world. As long as there are any signs of trouble, they cannot escape the control of the two."The iron tower, you go to find some dry branches to make a fire, I go to clean up the meat of World of Warcraft, also should get some breakfast." The Jian Chen tone said lightly."Oh!" The tower did not disagree with it. It turned and walked into the woods to look for dried branches.Soon, the tower held a bundle of dry trees back. At this time, Jian Chen also prepared a large piece of bloody Warcraft meat. The meat was taken from the blue wolf that was killed last night.Because there is no water source here, WoW Meat has not been made clear. It was put on a firewood and baked with a wooden stick.In a short time, the World of Warcraft meat grilling on the fire gave off a fragrant odor. Although they did not use any ingredients, the flesh meat of Warcraft meat was already very high. Even without any condiments, the taste was very high. The better, and more advanced, World of Warcraft, the better the meat, but also great benefits to the body, said to eat the fifth-order World of Warcraft meat, but also a limited increase in their own strength.Maybe it smelled of the flavour of WoW meat, stayed in the tree and I didn't know when Liang Xiaole slept when I fell awake and jumped down from the tree. The height of 56 meters was at least 80% of the strength of the Holy Power. Liang Xiaole is not that much."Wow, it's so good." Liang Xiaole jumped to the side of the fire and watched the golden color that was being sampled. It kept on dripping with the flesh of Warcraft and couldn't help swallowing. Although she has a lot of delicacies, she has never eaten such game. After all, eating meat once a day is more than ten years. When you suddenly change flavors, even if it is cabbage, you will feel more fragrant than those delicacies.The tower looked a bit dissatisfied and stared at Liang Xiaole. He whispered, "I just came here and cried out last night. I forgot about it so quickly. I hope you don't cry when you meet WoW. ."The tower's voice is very small and vague. It is estimated that in addition to himself, even Jian Chen cannot understand what he is underestimating.Liang Xiaole curiously stared at the tower. "The iron tower, what are you talking about?" Liang Xiaole already knew their names from the four teachers who told them in the dust last night."Ah, nothing." The pylons waved their hands and looked at them in the same way as if they were guilty of vanity.Liang Xiaole also did not care, eyes glanced at Jian Chen and the two men, smiling: "No wonder your strength is so strong, two people will be able to kill more than 20 first-order World of Warcraft, you are the original tower and Changyang Xiang God, I was fortunate to meet you.” Liang Xiaole now seems to be arguing with both of them last night. However, only in one night, she seemed to have left behind yesterday’s events. Her face couldn’t see the fear and fear she had caused because of Warcraft.The sword dust picks up that already roasted World of Warcraft meat, withdraws a piece and throws to Liang Xiaole, said: "This forest in the World of Warcraft is very much, and we do not stay for three days definitely will not go out, do you Not afraid?"Liang Xiaole took over the World of Warcraft meat and put it on the side of his mouth. He said: “Afraid I’m afraid, but I’m not afraid to wait until I’m used to seeing you, and the age of the two of you is not much larger than me. However, the ferocious blue wolf that faced more than 20 people last night not only did not have the slightest fear, but also killed all the blue wolves. This was much better than those boys. Hey, those useless boys, Five people still beat a World of Warcraft, and I'm even more distracted by my good sisters."Liang Xiaole suddenly stood up and said loudly: "I have decided now. I must take advantage of these two days to learn from the two seniors."After listening to these words, Jian Chen secretly nodded. Liang Xiaole’s remarks have initially been recognized by Jian Chen. Although she is timid and afraid of Warcraft, these are not important. The important thing is that you can change and learn. .After all, no one knows everything from the moment he was born. Whatever he wants, everything depends on his own learning. Of course, sword dust is an exception.Liang Xiaole, a young lady who lived in aristocratic families since she was a child, has been spoiled by her parents since childhood. She grew up in a greenhouse, and she experienced no winds and rains. It was only natural for Warcraft to experience such a brutality for the first time. After all, this is equivalent to the first time that ordinary people saw ghosts. No one would not feel scared.