Chapter 39 PlanAfter breakfast, Jian Chen and the Eiffel Tower took their respective weapons and continued to embark on the journey. However, behind the two, they closely followed a petite figure. It was Liang Xiaole and Liang Xiaole who had empty hands and a pair of beautiful eyes. Watching the vigilant gaze of her surroundings, her weaponry did not know where she was until she fled yesterday.The tower was carrying a giant axe. Now he has changed his clothes. It was made entirely of a blue wolf leather with grass roots. His original school uniform was tattered when he passed the last night of the Blue Wolf. Can't wear it.In an instant, the day passed again. On this day, the harvest of Jian Chen and the Tower was not as good as the first day, but it was quite good. In total, more than 70 World of Warcraft were hunted and killed. Liang Xiaole's jealousy is endless.During this day, Liang Xiaole’s changes were very large. After experiencing the scene of the blue wolf attack last night, her entire people became a lot stronger. At least, now that she has seen World of Warcraft, she will not shout with fear. . And with only one of the World of Warcraft died in the hands of the sword dust and the tower, Liang Xiaole has a certain degree of immunity to that bloody scene, and gradually has adapted to it.Moreover, one day, she actually followed the sword dust both learned a lot of experience in the forest and the foresight of the danger, its high talent, strong learning ability, so that the sword dust are amazed. Jiandin has already guessed that if Liang Xiaole has maintained this status, her future achievements will certainly not be too low. Of course, the most important thing is to look at her talents in cultivation. After all, the strong ones are respectful. On Tianyuan, its own strength is the master of everything.Liang Xiaole was very smart. One day, she didn't have any power, but she did not bring any trouble to the Jian Chen two. He did not become their burden as the sword dust and the tower imagined. The back of the sword, when the two of them are fighting with Warcraft, they always stand watching.One day, whether it is the sword dust or the iron tower, Liang Xiaole is admiring, and there is no previous small-mindedness.In the evening, sword dust three people sat next to the fire and roasted a large piece of Warcraft meat."Two seniors, do you really have not condensed out the sacred soldier to become a saint?" Liang Xiaole looked at the sword and dust with bright eyes and curiously asked. After a long day's work, Liang Xiaole’s clothes had a few more holes. These were all scratched by the thorns and branches in the jungle. Her little face had completely turned into a tabby cat and there was no water source in it. , are relying on the blood of Warcraft to quench thirst in the forest, Liang Xiaole simply can not clean the face of dirt."If we have sacred soldiers, then why do we still use this broken axe?" The tower looked at the edge of the blade, and there were still many gaping axes. It was quite full of complaints.Continuously through the tower's metamorphosis, the force cuts and slashes around. This is a huge axe that can't bear a continuous ultimate. The axe blade is not as sharp as it used to be, and even the rusted steel rod used by the sword dust is originally sharp. The tip of the place has already been flattened.Liang Xiaole looked at the tower and the sword dust. "You are so powerful, you haven't become a saint and you can kill the first-order World of Warcraft with such ease. You see, after you become saints, I'm afraid Already you can single out second-order Warcraft."Dust dust otherwise, said: "While there is so easy, these World of Warcraft are college stocking, belong to no offensive Warcraft, so we will only appear to be so easy to kill, once encountered those powerful attack of Warcraft, we want It's very difficult to kill."Wen Yan, Liang Xiaole nodded his head seriously and said: "Yeah, I used to listen to me and said that some first-rate World of Warcraft could already spit out low-level magic. The lethal power is very powerful. Some ordinary saints It's not yet an opponent."The sword dust looked at the iron tower that sat staring at the beating and the dazed flame and said: “The iron tower, now the second area is no more challenging for us. I want to go to the third area tomorrow, I don’t know if you have What are you going to do?"Hearing, the Tower thought for a moment. "Yes, I can easily solve the second area of ​​Warcraft. It's really not a challenge for us. Well, Changyang Xiangtian, I follow you into the third area and see Look at how terrific the second-order Warcraft in the third area is."Listening to the words of the two men, Liang Xiaole, who sat on one side, changed his face slightly. “No, you both don’t even have the power of the Holy One. You actually want to go to the third area and kill second-order World of Warcraft. Although you two People's strength is very strong, but the second-order World of Warcraft is much more powerful than the first-order World of Warcraft. There is no sacred soldier you do not necessarily cope with, and the second-order World of Warcraft fur must be thicker than the first-order World of Warcraft, defense The power is very strong. It is very difficult to inflict damage on your now-a-weakened axe and a rusty broken iron rod, let alone kill them, and I have heard that The environment in the three regions is much worse than here. There are poisonous poisonous snakes everywhere, and there are marsh areas. If you accidentally lose your life, it is very dangerous, so I do not recommend that you go to the third region. ”After listening to this, the tower looked at himself and the weapon in the hands of the sword and dust, and said: “Yeah, Changyang Xiangtian, after two days of killing, now my axe is no longer as sharp as before, and Even your weapons are blunt, it is estimated that it is difficult to kill second-order World of Warcraft."The sword dust smiled a little and said: "This is not anxious. I think there are still a lot of trainees in this second area. We haven't met because we have left them far behind us. We Go back tomorrow and use the magic nucleus in our hands to exchange weapons with them. Presumably they will be very happy.""Well, this is a good attention." The tower agreed and nodded.Jian Chen continued: "Liang Xiaole, we will separate tomorrow. You and other students must be able to spend the last day safely. After all, people who can persist in this for two days have all the real skills in their hands. ."Liang Xiaole nodded and said nothing. At this time, her look was a bit low. After all, she also knew that the danger in the third area, the sword dust and the tower can not deal with those Warcraft are still hard to say, if she insists on keeping up, Do not say that the two will not agree to the sword dust, even if it really goes with the past, it will only become a burden to back them.Nothing happened overnight, and the night passed quickly. When the day was just beginning to fade, both the sword dust and the iron tower ended the night's cultivation and began to prepare for breakfast.After the three had eaten breakfast, the sun rose slowly from the first line of heaven and earth. Afterwards, the three of Jian Chen continued on the road, but this time the three of them walked back.After two days of fighting, the two have become increasingly resistant to danger, so the speed of going back is very fast.Under a big tree, the nine tattered students were unable to sit under a big tree and gasping. They were composed of civilians and some noble children, but at the moment all nine people were completely worn out. There was still a lot of blood that had already dried up, and all of them were wounded. Not far behind them, there was a body of Warcraft lying on the ground."We insisted that this is the last day. After this day, we will be able to go out." A civilian student said with a bit of panting."Unfortunately, the magic nucleus is not enough, and there are still five worse. It seems we have to hunt five heads of Warcraft." It was a young man born in a noble family who spoke. Originally, these noblemen were not bothered to stay with these civilian students, but when they saw the murderous World of Warcraft, they were suddenly frightened. At this life and death, who would care about personal Identity problems and keeping their own lives are top priorities. Therefore, the children of the nobles gradually walked with the civilian students. After all, the reason that many people are more powerful is understood by many people, and these civilian students may be because of the growing environment. Relatively harsh, in the face of those fierce Warcraft, actually did not withdraw, this point, it touches on those noblemen who have never looked down upon them for the first time they looked at each other, and gradually, we gradually became friends.Moreover, with the continuous and World of Warcraft slaying, the cooperation between them is becoming more and more skilled, and in the end it is very rare to form a contract, so that the relationship between them is also increasingly integrated.At this moment, there was a sudden movement in the weeds in the distance."Everyone is careful, there is a World of Warcraft attack." A quick-reacting person immediately screamed loudly. Immediately, the nine men stood up from the ground and stared at him with vigilant gaze.As weeds grew more and more powerful, finally, I saw a big man wearing a skin and waving a heavy axe to cut off the weeds in the road, appeared in the eyes of everyone, just appeared in the skin Han Han In the eyes of the crowd, then, from behind him, two figures emerged. Although the clothes were tattered, they were still dressed in the Uniform Uniforms of the Cadagas College.Maybe it was because of the long-term shuttle in the weeds and jungles. All three people had a black face and some broken grass on their heads. They could only see their five features. Their looks were hard to see.Seeing people in their eyes, not Warcraft, the nine students suddenly breathed a sigh of relief. Then there was a smile of happiness on their faces. At this time, several more people could join in, and that would also directly enhance them. The overall strength is also a lot easier when hunting World of Warcraft, and they are not stupid. They understand that since they can survive here until the third day, the strength is certainly not weak.The three men were the sword dust, the iron tower and Liang Xiaole. They finally found a group of people after a short half-day journey.Since it was the last day of three days, there are already few people who have stayed in this forest. Most people have given up and left, so the students who are still in the forest have become very few.At this time, when Liang Xiaole's eyes fell on one of the nine beautiful people on the face of a beautiful girl, his face suddenly showed a pleasant look."Ah, Lisa!" Liang Xiaole's face was so excited that after making a surprise call with a groaning sound, he suddenly ran to the brightly-looking girl.Listening to this somewhat familiar voice, the girl stared at her bright eyes and looked puzzled at Liang Xiaole, who had leapt toward him. But at the moment, Liang Xiaole had a small face and it looked as if he was not looking. Like a cat, even if this girl named Lisa is very familiar with her, but it is difficult to recognize Liang Xiaole from the appearance.Liang Xiaole rushed to the girl and embraced her with open arms and a look of excitement. The tone was full of joy: "Lisa, I never thought I could meet you here. I thought you were already out. ."Hearing this incomparably familiar voice, Lisa's girl finally recognized Liang Xiaole's identity. She was pleasantly surprised: "You .....you are a small pleasure."