Chapter IV Steps ()The Purple Youth Sword is divided into twelve layers, one of which is the practice of the body. It is said that if we want to have high-strength martial arts, we must first have a strong body. After all, any martial arts moves are based on the body, so The first layer of the Purple Youth Sword Code is about the practice of body-building.Most of the martial arts practitioners in the rivers and lakes rely on exercise and do some mandatory actions to make their bodies stronger, so that they are physically strong, and even some people have a large body of muscles. The large lumps make the muscles on the upper and lower parts of the body clear and clear, visible to the naked eye, and even some people's body is as hard as reinforced steel.This method of physical exercise in Jian Chen’s view is no different from destroying one’s own body. It is simply reducing the function of one’s own body. Although this will make the strength of one’s physical body far exceed that of an ordinary person, it’s the same. The body will also cause great harm, and the life span of such people is often very short. Especially in entering the old age stage, there will be a series of problems on the body.Among the martial arts practitioners in the rivers and lakes, although some people and martial arts have their own methods of body-building, these methods of consummating the body are all inconsistent with the sword dust, and the basics are not the correct path. Even the Yi Jin Sutra of the Shaolin Temple is no exception.Although the Yi Jin Jing is both internal and external, internal forces can be practiced. In addition, bones and bones can be practiced. However, in the Yi Jin Jing recorded in this category, bone marrow bones have not yet penetrated into the bone marrow. Yi Jin Jing is only able to exercise the flesh and bones on the surface of the human body. It has not reached the real body-building effect.The practice of cultivating the body recorded on the Purple Green Swords Code is a very profound and magical method. The emphasis is on absorbing the atmosphere of heaven and earth, and then transforming the air of heaven and earth into the bone marrow of the flesh and letting everyone in the body. The site, each cell, and even the internal organs and various organs of the body are all strengthened and denaturalized. This not only results in a good body-building effect, but also has endless benefits to the body and can maximize Limits extend life expectancy, and in the later stages of cultivation, your flesh will grow stronger with your increasing internal strength. It will be more clearly stated on the purple sword, if it is possible to cultivate the body to the highest level, It can even be used to live with the world.However, the method of body building is related to your own strength. Only the more infuriating in your body can make your physical body stronger. After all, the practice of self-cultivation recorded on the purple sword is based on the infuriness of the body. Into the entire body, once your body's infuriating and physical strength reaches a balance, it is necessary to break this balance as soon as possible, and strive to increase the strength of infuriness, so as to further strengthen your flesh.The air of heaven and earth is continuously absorbed by the sword dust, and it operates in a specific cycle in the body's meridians. Then it is controlled by sword dust and integrated into every cell and body of the body.Since coming to this strange world, the only thing that has excited the sword dust is the air of heaven and earth. The air of heaven and earth here is very strong, and it is more than a hundred times stronger than the world in which he lived before. The fact that he had previously survived the world was undoubtedly a poverty-ridden rural land, a paradise, a hell, and the two could not be compared at all. This is the only place where the sword dust should be pleased.However, one of the things that puzzled the sword dust was that compared to the atmosphere of the heavens and the earth in the world of his former world, the two were roughly the same, but the sword dust still carefully discovered the world of this world. There is some special energy in the air. This energy only occupies a small part of the air of heaven and earth, and it is closely connected with the air of the heavens and the earth, as if it is a seamless one. There is no separation between the two.When this kind of energy was inhaled into his body, he did not produce any state of incompatibility. Therefore, sword dust did not rule out this special energy that is obviously different from the atmosphere of the heavens and the earth. However, for this kind of energy, sword dust is also very curious, there is always a thought in the brain is hovering, that is, this energy is not so simple.As the atmosphere of the transformed heaven and earth continues to integrate into the flesh, Jian Chen also clearly feels that every cell in his flesh and the intrinsic wonders and entrails of the body are constantly growing. The air of heaven and earth that is transformed is like a big tonic to them. They seem to have lived one by one, and they are desperately absorbing the air of these heavens and earth, as if they are a hungry tiger. At the same time, Jian Chen also feels extremely comfortable and comfortable.In an instant, another year passed. Today, it has been two years since the sword dust came to this strange world. In the past two years, the sword dust has not been a step away from Changyang. It is the first layer of cultivation of the purple sword in its own room - practice.Maybe it's because the air of heaven and earth is a hundredfold more powerful than the world where the sword dust predecessor was. This year has achieved tremendous achievements in refining the body. Now there is no doubt in the sword dust, if it is ordinary weapons, in the ordinary In the hands of human beings, they can't do the least harm to themselves. Even the outermost skin of his body is unbreakable.Of course, this is only the feeling of sword dust. He will not try this stupidly.In the past year, the body of Jian Chen’s body has also been developing at an incredible pace. He is only two years old and he is already one meter tall. He does not seem like a two-year-old child at all, but is more like It is a child of five or six years old.This scene made everyone in Changyang up and down feel very amazed. Almost all people hold very high expectations for sword dust. He hopes that he is really a genius with unlimited potential, but all this must wait for him to be three years old. Can confirm it.For all this, Jian Chen felt very helpless. He did not understand whether his body was growing so fast because he had cultivated the practice method of the Purple Youth Sword because he had not touched purple at this age in his previous life. Qing Jiandian.After Jian Dian had dinner with his mother, Pik Wan Tin, in the dining hall, he was still habitually holding himself in the room, locked the door, placed his hands on his knees and legs, put his hands on his knees, and closed his eyes. Five hearts are in full swing.However, at this time, the sword dust may not be cultivated, but it is thinking that he has come to this world for two years. In the past two years, Jian Chen did not take a step in Changyang City. Most of the time throughout the day was in During the cultivation in the room, until now, he has learned too little about the world. He can almost say that except for Changyang, he did not know what kind of world it was. He did not even know what the outside was like. .In his heart, he is also very clear that he is still only a two-year-old child in the eyes of others. A two-year-old child usually grows up in the arms of his parents and enjoys carefree and carefree growth. Things.After closing his eyes on the bed and thinking about the meeting, Jian Chen finally decided to wait until tomorrow morning to go and ask his own mother. He felt that he needed to know what the world was like.After thinking about this, the sword dust slowly opened his eyes and he got out of bed. Tonight, he did not sit in bed as usual, but he stood straight in the middle of the room and closed in a microscopic way. eye.In the brains of Jian Chen, a very mysterious pace gradually emerged. Then, a picture suddenly appeared in the brain of sword dust. The picture seemed to be flowing like a movie and only one man was wearing white. The robe and the young man carrying the sword walked fast and swiftly on the ground. The speed of the young people was very fast. If ordinary people, I am afraid that the youth’s stature could not be seen at all because of the speed of the young people. It was too fast. Although it was only moving in a small space, behind him was a series of phantom shadows.This young man is the predecessor of Jian Chen, and this set of steps is also recorded in the Purple Youth Sword. It is very mysterious.When the moonlight in the sky shines through the cracks in the window and enters the room, suddenly, the sword dust in the middle of the room suddenly opens his eyes. At this moment, he finally moves, and only sees his legs at an incredible speed. Sliding quickly, almost a phantom has been formed, in order to maintain such a high-speed movement of the legs, even if some of the people who learned the military is absolutely not able to do this.Jian Chen’s legs are constantly on the ground with a mysterious and regular trajectory. With the rapid movement of the pace, even his body is rapidly shuttled through the room at a very fast pace. At that time, the speed had already caused a whirlwind in the room.However, this scene did not last long, the sword dust quickly stopped, at this moment he was already a little pale, slightly gasping, but his feet could not help but trembled slightly.Jian Chen slowly walked to the window and bent down, holding his legs with both hands. Following that mysterious pace, it lasted for such a small period of time. The dust in the sword's legs was extremely soft, and I felt that I could not afford the slightest strength.Jian Chen reluctantly shook his head. No matter what martial arts he was practicing, he would first have to train on a good bone. This sentence was really right, and the more profound the martial arts, the higher the demand, he just stepped out. The set of pace, if there is no strong body and strong infuriating support, will not last long, after all, an ordinary body can not only not play so fast, and once the speed of movement exceeds the physical body Ultimately, it will cause some damage to your body.It is not so easy to train yourself in advanced skills.Sitting on the edge of the bed will have legs, and after the legs return to normal, the sword dust sits cross-legged on the bed and enters the state of rejuvenating heaven and earth.The night passed in a hurry, and in the twinkling of an eye, the sky was already bright. At this time, a voice came in from the door of the Jian Chen."Four young masters, it's morning, it's time to get up!" It's obviously a girl's voice to listen to the sound.Wen Sheng, the sword dust sitting cross-legged on the bed slowly opened his eyes, and said with childish voice: "I know, sister of red flowers, I'm up!" Then, the sword dust got up and got out of bed .At the same time, the door was opened and two young girls, about 18 years of age, came in from the door. They both had a big tray in their hands, and there was a pot on one of the trays. Next to the pot, a brand-new towel was folded neatly over the face. It was the furniture used to wash the face. The other woman's tray contained brush and mouthwash utensils.