Chapter 40 Exchange weapons"Yeah, Lisa, I'm a little happy." Liang Xiaole's tone was full of excitement and excitement."Xiao Le, it's really you, it's great. I thought you were already out. I didn't think I could still see you here." After confirming Liang Xiaole's identity, the girl named Lisa It was also a happy face and embraced Liang Xiaole excitedly.At this time, a young man, who looked extremely shy, walked in front of Liang Xiaole and his two women who were hugging each other. He said with a smile: Liang Xiaole didn't think that we actually reunited in the forest after we got separated. It really made me feel Very happy.""How are you, I am very glad to meet you here. I don't know if you would like to join our team. I believe with your joining, our team's strength will be even more powerful, and it will be easier to slay World of Warcraft. And in this dangerous forest, there is also a good care of each other." At this time, a young man with the same tattered clothes came to the front of both the sword and dust, and said in a pleasant tone. However, when he saw the school uniform that had been completely stained with blood, he could not help but notice a hint of surprise in his eyes. He did not believe that the blood was set aside from the sword dust itself, otherwise, if a person passed away, With so much blood, I am afraid that it has become very weak, and it is impossible to stand still there with a steady look, and the eyes are still so sharp.The sword dust shook his head slightly and the rumor declined: "Sorry, we are planning to leave here so we can't be with everyone."Hearing, the young people's eyes revealed a hint of regret, but they still persuaded and said: "Two fellows, although the World of Warcraft here is too powerful, but we have a lot of people, so long as we all join together, even if it is a coincidence To the two World of Warcraft, it will not pose a threat to us, then the two first-order magic nuclei that each person turned in, I believe, will soon be able to get together." Young people still do not give up asking. He has a good vision and has already seen the strength of both Jian Chen and the Tower."This is really no way. The two of us have already decided to leave here. So we cannot be with everyone. Please forgive me." The exchange of reciprocity, the tone of Jian Chen also appears to be very pleasant.Hearing that the sword and dust were going to leave here, young people couldn't help but feel a trace of regret. He really couldn't understand it. Now that only three days have passed, it's only the last day. Just pay the two first-order magic nuclei. The successful clearance, and at this time, the sword and the two towers actually want to choose to leave here, are they two to give up this opportunity?The young people also thought that the two swords and dusts were to abandon the forest. He simply would not have thought that what the sword and dust said was to leave here actually meant leaving the second area and going to the third area instead of leaving the forest.At this time, the tower looked into the giant axe that was being held in the hands of a stature student and immediately showed a happy look in his eyes. Immediately afterwards, he came to the student in front of his body and said: " Hello, I'll give you two first-order magic nuggets, and you'll change the axe and mys in your hand." Then, the tower took off the axe that was on his back, and the other hand also Take two first-order magic nucleus that are still covered with blood from the space belt.At this time, all the people were surprised to find that the giant axe in the tower had been stained with blood, and the entire axe had been completely stained with blood. It looked astonishing, as if it were a drink of countless blood. The great murder weapon, and even more incredible to the crowd, is that the axe, which was made entirely of iron and steel, is not inferior in hardness to the axe blade of steel and has become riddled with tears. And the axe blades in some places have already been rolled up.Seeing this scene, most people feel unbelievable. Almost all think that when the iron tower was first selecting weapons, this weapon was already in this form. They could not believe that this axe was completely cut by the tower. It's like this.The student of that size was stunned and looked at his face in front of him, as if it were a bloody axe that had been condensed by blood, and suddenly he was overwhelmed. After listening to the tower’s request, the other colleges immediately opened their eyes and looked at the envy of the student who was full of envy. It looked like he couldn’t exchange his weapons with the iron tower."This classmate, I will exchange it with you with this sword in my hand." A student with a great sword came to the tower and said with a smile.Hearing that, the tower looked at the giant sword in the man's hand, and shook his head. "No, I still like to use an axe."After listening to this, the man was suddenly disappointed. At this time, two first-order magic nuclei are more important than anything else. Not to mention him, even if other people are willing to, they are willing to use their weapons to exchange the two first-order magic nuclei with the iron tower, even if they are in their own hands. Weapons are worth more than the two first-order magic nucleus. They also do not hesitate.The burly man was not stupid. After he had squatted down, he immediately exchanged an axe in his hand with a happy face and the iron tower. There was such a stable and profitable trade. Who would not do it?After the tower exchanged two first-order magic nucleuses for an axe, the eyes of the people looking at the tower suddenly changed. Some smart people even thought that the axe was probably cut by the iron tower. From this point, it is also possible to directly prove the strength of the tower. Or else, how could he come up with two first-order magic cores? After all, this is not outside. Before coming to the forest, the college Since all the storage devices of the trainees have been taken away, even the body has been carefully searched for changes, and it is impossible to carry the magic nucleus from the outside. To get the magic nucleus here, there is only one way to kill World of Warcraft.However, there is always something that makes people wonder if the tower and the sword dust both have the power to hunt Warcraft, so why not leave for three days? After all, the rules of the college must be Surviving in the forest for three days, and handing in two first-order magic nucleus is regarded as a clearance. Both are indispensable."Isn't he scorning the reward at all, or what he said was actually deceiving himself? The real purpose is not to hunt Warcraft with a few of them." Everyone couldn't help but think of this idea. In this kind of thinking, when you gave birth, some people immediately saw the eyes of the two swordsmen with a trace of dissatisfaction.Jian Chen did not care about the people's expressions. He looked at Liang Xiaole, who was hugged with another girl, and said: "Leung Yue Le, now that you have found your own friends, then you might as well be with them. There are also many people. Take care of them.”Liang Xiaole slowly separated from the girl and looked back at the sight of Jian Chen and the Tower. He nodded softly and said: “Then you are careful.”Afterwards, Jian Chen and the Eiffel Tower did not stop here and left here.When the two of them left, the girl named Lisa was a little dissatisfied with the tone and asked: "Little Yue, who are they, is actually such a big shelf and I don't bother to be with us.""Lisa, you misunderstood them. They don't want to be with us, but they really want to leave here," Liang Xiaole explained."Won't be!" Lisa said with a look of disbelief. "Lisa, seeing that they can hand out the first-order magic nucleus, it shows that they both have the power to kill the first-order World of Warcraft, and just now The use of two first-order magic nuclei and our exchange of weapons, this behavior is obviously shows that they want to continue fighting, how could they leave here.""Yes, Xiao Le, you are mostly cheated by them." A young man added next to him.Liang Xiaole smiled and said, "They did leave here, but they did not give you clear words because they wanted to leave the second area and go to the third area to hunt second-order World of Warcraft.""What! Liang Xiaole, you kidding, they two people will go to the third area to kill second-order World of Warcraft, how can this be possible.""Is it true that their strength has reached the Holy One, but this is not true. If they have the power of the Holy One, then why do we need to find us to change weapons.""The two of them are untidy and they really want to go to the third area.""This is purely for death."Liang Xiaole’s speech just dropped off, eliciting people's rapturous comments. There was no exception. No one thought that the sword dust and the tower could survive in the third area.Lisa took Liang Xiaole's little hand and asked in a clearly unbelieving tone: "Little Yue, the two of them will not really go crazy going to the third zone."Liang Xiaole nodded and said: "Yes, they really want to go to the third area, Lisa, you can certainly not underestimate them two, oh, they are actually very powerful." Liang Xiaole looked seriously."Isn't all their strengths up to the saints?" Lisa said in surprise. The college has a clear rule that the strength of the saints must be in the third region. May appear in the second area.Liang Xiaole shook his head. "No, their strength has not reached the Holy One because they did not condense the sacred soldiers at all."After listening to this, Lisa’s surprised look began to grow. It was very difficult to survive in the second area without the power of the saint, not to mention the third area. After all, the third area World of Warcraft can be second-order World of Warcraft, more than a star in the first-order World of Warcraft in the second area, the two can not be compared. Even the sacred soldiers have already condensed out, and it is very difficult for those who have achieved the strength of the Holy One to want to kill the second-order World of Warcraft. They must also join several people to deal with one.Lisa was a very good friend of Liang Xiaole. Liang Xiaole did not hide anything from him. He lowered his voice and said, “Lisa, I tell you, yesterday I saw them both killing seven in just one day. More than a dozen Warcraft."After listening to this, Lisa was shocked and exclaimed: "What! Little music, you are not kidding, the two people killed more than 70 World of Warcraft a day." Lisa was very shocked, the sound is fundamental There was no repression. When we said the sentence behind it, it became more and more expensive. As a result, the other eight people gave a clear and clear explanation. All of a sudden, everyone changed his face, and the two swords and dustmen who came with Liang Xiaole soon afterwards in his head. Then they all showed an incredible look."Lisa, what are you talking about, which two people killed more than 70 first-order World of Warcraft in one day?" asked a young man, and he did not believe the "two people" in the sentence. Refers to the sword and dust who have just had a relationship with them.Lisa took a few long breaths, patted the fiercely beating heart, stretched his fingers and pointed to Leung Yue Le, said with a little shuddering tone: "Xiao Le said, she saw with her own eyes the two people just killed in a day's time. More than 70 World of Warcraft were dead." Lisa's tone is full of incredible.