Chapter 41 Fire Cloud Beast"Isn't it, Liang Xiaole, what you said is too exaggerating. Two people who are less than the Holy One have the ability to kill more than 70 World of Warcraft in a day's time. How can this be possible?" The young man with a rifle said unbelievingly."Yeah, this is too exaggerated. Not to mention the Holy One. I think it is impossible for the Holy One to kill more than 70 first-order World of Warcraft in one day. It is estimated that it will be exhausted by half the time. I don't believe their sacred power is infinite." He was talking to a girl with a long bow in her hand and her voice was very pleasant.At that time, the young man who had previously invited Jian Chen to join their ranks suddenly asked: “Leung Le Le, then did you know who they were and when we had such a powerful character in the Cagasin College? If you don't become a saint, you can easily kill first-order World of Warcraft.” When the words were just finished, the young man seemed to think of something and his face changed slightly.Liang Xiaole proudly looked like he had done a very glorious thing. He said leisurely and leisurely: “Tell you too. Actually, the big man who exchanged axes with you, he was a roaring voice in the college. The tower, the dean's pro-disciple, and another person, relieved that this year's freshman contest has won the first place of the new king - Changyang Xiangtian."The crowd shouted a cry, and immediately began to talk about it."It is their two metamorphosis. No wonder the strength is so strong.""No, it is said that the tower was tied up with the young master in the library...""That Changyang Xiangtian defeated the Holy Cadet Cloud. It was a very fierce battle. I watched it below. Changyang Xiangtian's strength is indeed very strong.""I have heard that outside the library, Luo Jian, who has achieved the strength to reach out to the middle-level saints, could not have had Chang Yang Xiang Tian without using the sacred soldier. Finally, he forced him to show off the sacred soldiers."Due to the absence of Liang Xiaole as a drag, the speed of the sword dust and the tower escalated a lot and quickly entered the third zone.When we entered the third zone, it looked like the second zone at first glance, but as the two continued to move forward, we gradually discovered the terrible of the third zone. Compared with here, the second zone is sufficient Heaven is.There are many kinds of poisonous insects in the jungle in the third area, and there are many swamps on the ground. One who is not careful will fall deeply into it, but thankfully these swamps seem to be artificially cut. Come out, not deep, otherwise, if you accidentally fall into it, if there is no one to help, it is definitely a nine-death life.Perhaps because of the factors of the ground environment, the weeds in the third region are not so much in the second region, and the line of sight is very open.The dust from the sword dust and the tower were carefully shuttled through the jungle. Now they all have a powder on their way. This kind of powder is mixed by several kinds of plants, which can effectively prevent the mosquitoes from biting."Changyang Xiangtian, you seem to be very familiar with the forest. Have you ever stayed in these places? How could you be even worse than me." The tower looked at a light layer of green powder that had been applied to him. .Jian Chen chuckled and said: "I read a lot of books in the library. There are many records in this area, so I know more about the experience of living in the forest.""Oh, no wonder." The tower suddenly realized.At this time, the sword dust looked a little condensate, his face suddenly became serious, at the same time, the ground began to shook slightly, as if an earthquake occurred.However, the sword dust began, the tower had been vigilant, and the axe he had seen on his shoulder had been held by his hands.Jian Chen looked a little dignified staring at the left direction, said: "The Eiffel Tower, be careful, this time we saw a large World of Warcraft."“Ah!” The tower nodded and nodded. His face suddenly became dignified. After all, the World of Warcraft they encountered in this third area was not a first-order Warcraft, but was stronger than the first-order World of Warcraft. Order of Warcraft, the strength of no less than if the Holy One.Although the World of Warcraft here is not very powerful attack power, but with their current strength, still dare not underestimate.Under the intense gaze of both men and women, finally, a huge body of Warcraft appeared in the eyes of the two men. This whole body of Warcraft is red with the hair, the size is very large, three meters high, five meters long, and in the mouth of the position Two white and white tusks extended out, and the mouths of the tusks and Warcraft were full of fists, one meter long, and at the tip of the teeth, they were very small. At a glance, they broke with strong penetration. Force, if it wasn’t this very short nose of Warcraft, the sword dust really thought that he met a kind of animal – an elephant that was only found in the previous world – but only in size, this World of Warcraft was bigger than the elephant. On the 1st only.“Beware of the Tower, this is the second-ranking Warcraft Huoyun Beast, which has a relatively strong defensive power and can vomit fire. It is not easy to deal with it.” The sword dust instantly reveals the name of this World of Warcraft and reads a large number of books in the library. He has already known a lot of World of Warcraft, and he also knows more about Warcraft.The tower nodded slightly and did not answer. A pair of tigers staring at the Huoyun animal with vigilance were ready to attack at any time."Hey!" Huge size of the fire cloud beast Yangtian made a roar, and stepped on that stout four hoof slowly approaching the sword and dust two approached, with the fire beast at every step, the ground will fierce fibrillation.In the eyes of the sword dust, Jingmang flashed, and then shouted low: "I attacked from the front, the tower, you go behind it and attack." After the words are over, the sword dust leaps on the ground, the body leaps high, direct Jumped to the head of the fire cloud beast.Just when the sword dust just moved, the tower also left the place, turned around half a circle around the fire cloud beast, came to the back of its butt.Standing on the head of the fire cloud beast, the sword dust drank low, the body's power quickly gathered in the hands of the iron bar, and then suddenly thrust into the head of the fire cloud beast."Oh!" With a sound like the crisp sound of iron and steel, the iron stick in the hands of the sword dust only left a shallow mark on the head of the Huoyun Beast, and it was impossible to break through its defense.Jian Chen’s face changed slightly, although he had long known that Huoyun Beast’s defense was very strong, but he did not expect that he was so perverted that he’d fought hard and even his defense could not be broken.“Ah!” At the same time, the tower jumped high and waved the axe struggling to look at the beast of the fire beast, but the situation was not much better than the sword dust, and the tower’s axe was just scratched. The fire beast's skin on the butt did not cause any harm to it at all.The attack from the two of them clearly angered the Huoyun Beast. The Huoyun Beast answered with a roar, and then his head flew up quickly, throwing away the sword dust standing on his head.The dust-flying body flies in the hollow, and quickly adjusts the condition of the body. The feet are continuously tapped on the trees on both sides, once to slow down the power of the backlash, and finally land on a tree stump.After flinging the sword dust, the fire beast turned suddenly and opened the bloody mouth and bitten it toward the tower.The tower jumped and escaped the huge mouth of the Huoyun Beast. At the same time, the axe looked slyly on the long teeth of Huoyun Beast."Oh!" With the sound of steel and steel, the teeth of the Huoyun Beast were completely cut off by the axe of the iron tower. However, after cutting off the teeth of Huoyunku, the axe of the tower appeared. Five gaps.“Hey!” The Fire Cloud beast was furious, and he opened his four hoofs and slammed into the tower.In the eyes of the tower, the fierce light flashed and he watched the beast of the fire cloud from the rampage. He did not flicker, then threw away the axe in his hand, and directly grasped the two snow-white fangs exposed to the fire beast with his hands. At that moment, one person and one beast had stagnated.At this moment, the tower seemed to have become a beast, with a low buzzing sound in his mouth and his hands clinging to the fangs of the Huoyun Beast.Although the tower is a natural god, but the body and Huoyun Beast's large body is too petite compared to some, so despite his strength is not small, but still be pushed by the Huoyun Beast constantly back, feet have been There are two deep traces on the ground."Ah!" A flash of madness flashed in the eyes of the tower. Yangtian uttered a roar. His hands and arms swayed, and the entire arms flashed rapidly. Then his arms slammed."Oh!" With a crisp sound, the pair of two-foot long white tusks of the Fire Dragon beast was broken by the tower. Severe pain caused the Firewolf to make a scream.The tower also seems to have hit the real fire, and it is not forgiving. In the hand, the fangs that have been broken from the beasts of the Huoyun are taken, and the piercings at the tip of the tusks are on the head of the Huoyun Beast.The other head of Huoyun's tusks was very sharp and not weaker than a sharp weapon. Nevertheless, the tusks were only just piercing the skin of Huoyun's beast, splashing blood.See the tower actually hurt himself with his own tusks. The eyes of Huoyun Beast suddenly turned red, and the towers opened their bloody mouths. With a thrilling roar, they knew that there was a huge fire snake. The fire cloud beast ejected in the air and burned toward the tower. Suddenly, the temperature around him quickly climbed at an incredible speed.Feeling the astonishing heat wave in the fire snake, the tower face changed greatly, hurriedly fled from the past, but it was so, but it did not completely escape the attack of this fire snake, and it burned the blazing flames.Looking at the tower that had been completely flooded with flames, the sword dust was shocked. Immediately he broke a lush branch from his side and put his feet on the tree trunk. The whole body was like a cannonball at a very fast speed. Shoot in the direction of the tower."Hey!" The Firecloud beast uttered a roar and marched on a heavy pace towards the flame-buried iron tower. Then he opened the bloody mouth again and bitten off to the tower. There was no fear of the towering flame on the tower.Just before Huoyun Beast’s giant mouth just approached the tower, Jian Chen also came to the front of the tower. His hands swiped his hands and twitched the tower directly with his branches with lush foliage. Before the arrival of the mouth, the tower was pulled hard and it quickly receded more than ten meters away from the fire beast.The sword dust moves quickly to remove the branches wrapped around the tower, and then regardless of the hot flame on the tower, his hands dive directly into the flames and shred the wolf skin that is worn on the tower.The flames on the tower were almost all caused by the wolf hairs on the wolf skin, so after removing the wolf skin that had been worn outside, the tower escaped from the flames and revealed the worn school uniform.The towering Titans stood up from the ground, kept tuned on the ground, and yelled in his mouth: "Hot, hot, hot and dead, and I die hot...." Look at him like that. The raging fire did not suffer any damage at all, but the hair on the head of the tower that was not too long had been burned, leaving nothing to spare. Not only that, but the eyebrows and eyelashes were already there. The fire was burned.