Chapter 42 Road Robbery"The iron tower, you're okay." Jian Chen asked with a look of concern.The tower shook his head and took a long breath. The humming voice said: "I'm fine, but I'm very hot and it's hot. I'm uncomfortable to die.""It's okay to be fine." The sword dust immediately relieved. Before he saw the tower surrounded by raging fire, he really worried about what the tower would do.At this moment, Jian Chen’s eyes suddenly condense, and he looked back slightly at a place in the dense leaves behind him. His eyes flashed in his eyes, and his mouth was slightly raised, revealing a faint smile."Boom!" "Boom!" "Boom!"The ground quivered slightly, and the fire beast stepped toward the sword and dust step by step in a heavy footsteps. Every time it moved forward, it would shake the ground slightly, and in the mouth of the fire cloud, the red flame continued to It's as if it's lasing at any time.The tower was staring at the Huoyun Beast, who was slowly approaching, and sang: "Changyang Xiangtian, the big guy's skin is very hard, how can we kill it?"Jian Chen is also a serious look at the slowly approaching fire cloud beast, said: "Huang Yun beasts are all covered with a very hard skin, unless our strength has reached the Holy One, otherwise With these weapons in our hands, we can only open his fur at most. Now it seems that we only use the eyes of the Huoyun Beast as a breakthrough point to break into its brain from the eyes."As soon as the dust of the sword dust fell, the fire cloud beast made a roar, opened the bloody mouth and spewed a hot fire snake again.Both the sword dust and the iron tower quickly evaded the escape. The right hand of the sword dust gripped the iron bar in his hand and shouted to the tower: “The iron tower, you go to attract its attention.”“Take it, give it to me!” The tower took a quick stone from the ground and tossed it toward the Firecloud beast, and ran to the other side.The stone flew in midair, hitting the fire cloud beast accurately, and slamming it on its tusks that had been broken by the tower.Broken fangs seemed to be the pain of the Huoyun Beast. The Huoyun Beast immediately became red with bloodshot eyes, and his mouth continued to breathe flames toward the tower.The sword dust looked fiercely at the Huoyun Beast, which had been attracted to the tower by its full attention. He held tightly the iron bar that had been bent a bit, and then took a very fast pace, from the body of the Huoyun. The side ran away toward its head.The sword dust was very fast. When he was running, he had no contact with the ground. He flew on the short grass on the grass, and it seemed to be flying in the air.In a short time, the sword dust came to the bottom of the head of the fire cloud, and did not care about the intense heat wave emitted from the fire snake that spurted from the mouth of the fire cloud. The sword dust leapt forward, leaping up high, when the height of the body When the head of the beast of the fire cloud was flat, the right arm suddenly stunned, and the iron bar in his hand quickly pushed toward the fist-sized eyes of the Firecloud beast.Although the speed of the sword dust is fast, the fire beast's reflection is not slow. When the iron bar is about to reach the eyes of the fire beast, it suddenly closes its eyes.In the eyes of the sword dust, Jingmang flashed. This success was a success. At this moment, his God was highly concentrated. Under the influence of his powerful god, the direction of the iron stick was slightly mobilized, causing the original to stab the eyes of Huoyun. The tip of the steel bar became a place where it pierced the crevices in the eye of the Firebird.The iron rod easily penetrated from the crevice of the eyelid of the Huoyun and did not encounter the slightest resistance. Suddenly, the red blood flowed out from the eyes of the Huoyun Beast.“Hey!” The pain of the drilled heart caused the beastly beast to make a scream of desolateness, sounding loud and loud, spreading to all directions.The right arm of the sword dust again exerted force, making the iron stick piercing the eyes of the Huoyun animal again, trying to pierce directly into the brain from the eyes.The screams of the Huoyun Beast became more and more desolate, and then his head quickly swayed and tried to get rid of the iron stick inserted in his eyes, but the iron stick had already reached and it was not so easy to throw away, and There was a man on the iron bar. The more fierce his head was thrown, the more intense the pain was. After two rejections, the more and more severe pain made the head of Huoyun not dare to move.The screams in the mouth of Huoyun’s beast kept screaming. Finally, its huge body fell directly to the ground and struggled painfully on the ground. Although the current wound is not deadly to him, it’s painstakingly painful. The nerves of the brain cannot bear it.Looking at the beastly beast on the ground, swordsman dust immediately fell in love with his eyes and immediately shouted: “The iron tower, hurry to put the iron rod deeper.” This matter is handed to the iron tower with its natural power to do it again. Perfect enough."Well, I'm coming." The tower ran over with excitement. Now he also saw the dawn of victory.The tower quickly approached the fire beast, and then reached out and held the iron bar inserted in its eyes. Then the right hand forced it inwards, and suddenly, the fire-horn beast's eyes, which had a one-meter-long iron bar, were completely in and out. Only a small part of the fist is left outside."Oh!" A high scream of screams emanates from the mouth of the beast of Huoyun. The sound is so large that the eardrums of the sword and dust both feel faint. After the screams, the Huoyun Beast seems to have lost all its strength. The huge body sobbed slightly on the ground, then did not move, and the other eye closed slowly.See the fire beast finally died, the sword dust and the tower both could not help but relieved that this fire beast in the second-order World of Warcraft, although not really powerful, but its defensive power is very good, want to It is not easy to kill it."Finally, this is a very difficult World of Warcraft, ah, actually even spit fire, my hair is not burned." Tower touched his big bald head, a look of depression.Jian Chen chuckled, watching the tattered school uniform that does not cover the tattered school uniform, said: "You still put this on it!" Said, sword dust again from the space belt out of a wolf out. These two wolf-skin sword dusts are prepared by many people. There are many space belts and they are all intended to be used as clothes. After all, the two of them did not know how many battles to go through in the forest. One set of clothes is far Not enough damage.The tower is also very polite and took the wolf skin and made a simple dress.Afterwards, the sword dust both took out the magic core in the brain of the fire cloud beast and set foot on the journey again.As the sword and dust just disappeared into the woods, a red figure fell from a leafy tree. It was a tall woman dressed in a fiery red dress. At about the age of the year, although the looks are not very beautiful, they are long and quiet.The woman looked at the body of Huoyun Beast and still had a trace of shock left in her eyes. After taking a deep breath, the woman whispered: “Iron Tower, Changyang Xiangtian, both of you really deserved reputation, and the strength is so powerful. With less than the strength of the Holy One, only two ordinary weapons of iron can kill the second-ranking Firebird of defensive expertise in World of Warcraft. It's really surprising to me. It seems that I have to go to the Deputy Dean. I told you about it.” When the words were finished, the woman left the area quickly after she started to practice her body.Just as soon as the woman had left, another five youths armed with weapons came here. The five youths had no black eyes on their faces. They couldn't see their faces at all, but they wore uniforms worn out in their hands. Among them, there are three giant swords with two hands, one with a machetes, and the last one with a burly young weapon is a sledgehammer."Listen to the voice, the cries have just come from here." Among the five people, one of the youngsters holding a giant sword said.The young man with his machete nodded and said, "Yes, if the World of Warcraft is not far away, it should be near here....." When it comes to this, the young man's tone is slight and his eyes are straight. Standing forward, he exclaimed: "You see, what is it?" Then, the young man stretched his finger and pointed forward.Hearing the news, the crowd looked around and saw a red-like object like a hill lying on the ground, looking very much like a Warcraft."Go, let's go and see."Soon, five people came to the front of the World of Warcraft, but when they recognized the World of Warcraft, his face suddenly became serious.A veteran youth squatted in front of the body of Huoyun Beast and touched the blood of the Huoyun Beast with his hands. He said, “This is a fire beast. It has a strong defense and the attack is not very powerful, but this blood I haven't dried up yet, there's still some heat, apparently just after it died. It seems that the barking was just coming out of it."A young man armed with a giant sword looked at the surrounding environment. Finally, his eyes fell in the direction where the sword and dust had left. He said: “Let's go and we will immediately catch up to see who is killing this fire cloud. Beasts, if the strength of the other side is strong enough, you can pull them into the army, we all together to kill the World of Warcraft, if the strength is too weak ....." said here, young people face a hint of feminine smile.Hearing the words, the other four youths seemed to think of something, with a slight smile on their faces. Then, the five men quickly chased away from where the sword dust and the tower left.Jian Chen and the Eiffel Tower are cautiously walking in the forest. Because of the need to guard against the World of Warcraft and the hard-to-prevent swamps on the ground at any time, the two are not moving fast.At this time, Jiangu's ears shook slightly, then stopped the tower with one hand and said: "Careful, someone came from behind."Hearing, the tower suddenly stopped and turned to look behind him curiously.Soon after, the back figures appeared in the eyes of the sword and dust. There were a total of five people. Because they were dark-faced, they couldn't see their looks, but they were distributed by the weapons they had in their hands. The power of the Holy Power is not weak.The five youths found that only the two swords and dustmen had a look of joy in their eyes. They looked at each other, and as if they had long agreed, they actually accelerated their speed and came to the front of both of them. People are surrounded.Seeing this kind of situation, both the sword dust and the iron tower gave birth to a bad premonition."I don't know what you mean," said Jian Chen.A young man shook his great sword, and he smirked, "What does it mean? What do you mean by us?""Oh, let's hand over your space belt. We will never make you ill. Otherwise... eh..." said the man with a hammer and said with a smirk.After listening to these words, the tower face suddenly changed, furiously said: "If we want to hand over the space belt, hey, don't even think about it." Now that the tower has understood what this group of young people do, it is actually robbing.Jian Chen gently patted the space belt around his waist, and sneered: "The space belt is here. The magic nucleus we hunt is inside. We have the ability to come and get it."Although it is known that the strength of the five men across the board has reached the Holy One, but both Jian Chen and the Tower have no fear at all."Oh, in that case, then don't blame us. Everyone joins together." With a scream of anger, all five youths who have the power of the Holy Spirit attack the sword dust at the same time. However, the positions of weapons attacks are not fatal. Five young people are aware that everyone is a student of a college. In this place, they can rob and fight, but they cannot harm each other's lives.