Chapter 43 Anti-theftJian Chen and the Tower quickly evaded and drove away. As the two days went through too many times and the annihilation of Warcraft, the tower gradually grasped some fighting experience. While dodging, the tower was missing a few strokes. The great axe in his mouth was cut to the thighs of one of them.However, the opposite was obviously not so easy to deal with. When the tower's giant axe was about to look at the man's thigh, a great sword flew across it, and the axe collided with the tower.    "when!"With the sound of steel clapping, the tower's axe was immediately blocked. Nevertheless, the strength of the axe's horror was passed on to the sword of the sword without any reservation, and suddenly, the young man with the great sword felt only the whole thing. The arm was violently shaken, and the powerful anti-shock force numbed his tiger's mouth.The young people looked very loud and quickly exclaimed: "People are careful, his power is very strong, it is best not to touch him."After listening to the young people’s warning, the other two people who had dealt with the towers were cautious and tried to avoid the giant axe in the tower.On the other side, sword dust and two youths armed with giant swords are also fighting fiercely. Although the weapon in the hands of the sword dust is only a rusty iron bar, the sword dust can not be compared with the tower in strength. The overall strength of the tower is stronger than that of the tower. After he used his flexible body and method to deal with the other party for a while, the sword dust grabbed the other party and revealed a flaw. In his hands, the steel bar spurred one of them to lightning speed. Thighs. Because they are all students of the same college, the sword dust did not dare to kill them. Just hurt.Jian Chen’s iron bar stabbed at a very fast pace. When the college was too late to respond, the iron bar had penetrated deep into his thigh."Ah!" The young man uttered a scream, and the painful face suddenly became pale and his forehead was covered with fine sweat.Hearing the screams of his companions, another young man besieging Jian Chen’s face changed slightly. He refused to attack Jian Chen and quickly supported his companion’s body. “Harry, you're okay.”Although the young man did not continue to attack the sword dust, but the sword dust did not miss his intentions, body slightly shook, has come to the young people in front of the body, the power of saints gathered in palms, and then directly to the name The young man's chest shot.The attack speed of Jian Chen is very fast, and the Thunder is not as fast as it can be. When the youth reflected it, the palm of Jian Chen's hand has already approached his body like a poisonous snake, and finally hit him in the chest without mercy.“Touch!” The young man was directly swept away by the sword dust almost in full force. His body was still in mid-air, and a mouthful of blood couldn't help but spurt out of his mouth.After the two youths were resolved, the sword dust immediately went to support the tower. Now that the tower has fallen into a bitter struggle, he has suffered many attacks from the trio. The wolf skin worn on him has been cut a lot. In the mouth, the blood of the silk was flowing from the inside. Had it not been for the tower's physical strength and ingenuity, it would have caused the three opposites to simply not dare touch with his axe. I am afraid that he would have been hit by three people.With the addition of sword dust, the pressure on the tower suddenly eased a lot. The fighting power of the sword dust is so powerful that it is simply not something ordinary saints can match. After a few brief fights, the three youths who siege the tower are All defeated in the hands of Jian Chen, who were all affected by some minor injuries. They were lying in pain on the ground and had lost their ability to escape.Sword dust fell on the wounds on the tower, a little concerned about the question: "Iron Tower, you're okay."The tower shook his head indifferently and said, "It's okay. I'm physically strong." Then, the tower reached out to one of the five people lying in pain on the ground and said, "What should they do?"Hearing, Jian Chen thought about the meeting, and a strange smile appeared on his face. "The tower, take all of their space belts, take all the magic nucleus out of them and return them to them." ”After listening to the words of Jian Chen, the faces of the five people lying on the ground were all changed, and then they were a little pale, and some people's eyes were even more angry. The magic nucleus in their space belt was obtained after two days of life and death. It has only been a half-day since three days. If these magic nucleuses are lost, they will certainly not be able to complete the college's mission.The tower smiled and did not hesitate at all. It immediately followed the words of the sword dust and solved all the space belts on the five people. The sword dust, on the other hand, was holding a bloody iron bar and staring at five people. Prevent them from any sudden action.Originally the five youths were all going to rebel, but when they saw the iron bar that had been stained with blood in the hands of the sword dust, they suddenly gave up their rebellious minds, and slyly let the tower untie their waist belts. .After solving the belt, the tower took all the magic nucleus out of it, and then randomly took the space belt to their side. Then they began to count up. After a count, they had a total of ten Two, all are second-order magic nucleus.The sword dust smiled and took out six of them into his own space belt, and said happily; “The iron tower, these magic nucleuses are half of us, and the rest are yours.”"Oh!" The tower is not too polite, and the face of the excitement puts the remaining six magic cores into its own pocket.However, when the five youths heard the name of the tower, their faces changed in the same direction, and they suddenly became very ugly. For the name of the tower, it was estimated that no one knew what happened in the Kargath Academy. The apprentice who had grown up, although he had not yet become a saint, but looked at the entire Kargas College, no one would be willing to offend the tower.At the moment, the five youths were all indifferent to their intestines. If they had known that one of the two men was a tower, they would not come to rob the apprentice of the Dean's adults. Now that he is well, his five are not only The other party robbed, and the identity of the other party also made a few of them afraid to go to revenge, this dumb loss is determined.After placing a few second-order World of Warcraft on the space belt, the smile on the tower's face was even more brilliant. The excitement: "Changyang Xiangtian, or you are awesome, so quickly defeated five of them, and I will follow you. Mixing the truth is the right person."Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "Well, let's continue on the road, hoping to take advantage of this period of time to kill some World of Warcraft for our daily practice."Later, both the Jian Chen and the Iron Tower did not look at the five ugly young people lying on the ground and continued to march toward the forest.When the sword and dust disappeared into sight, a young man finally could not resist the curse: "Damn, this is a bad luck. I actually met the apprentice of the dean's adult. Now it's okay. The action has not only failed. Instead, he was robbed by others, and he was afraid to go and find someone to settle accounts.When the voice of the young man just fell, the man with the sledgehammer said, "This is not necessarily. Don't forget to rob us. There is more than one person. There is another person."Hearing, everyone's eyes light up. "You mean Changyang Xiangtian."The sledgehammer, with his hand in his hand, nodded his head and said, "Yes, there is an adult dean behind the pylons. We dare not touch him, but Changyang Xiangtian can be different.""However, the strength of Changyang Xiangtian is very powerful. Just now, almost all of us five people were defeated by one person. How did we beat him?" One said."Yes, and the most important thing is that Changyang Xiangtian's attack speed is too fast, so I can not dodge." Talking to the name of the young man armed with a great sword, stabbed in the thigh by sword dust.At this time, the person with a machete suddenly said: "Do not forget that many people were offended in Changyang Xiangtian in the college. Whether it was a young master or a large family, the strength was stronger than that of us. As long as you find a chance to unite with them, you will be able to report this hatred sooner or later."    ……..In the twinkling of an eye, the sky has gradually dimmed. In the third area of ​​Warcraft and the second area, compared to the number of apparently much less, half a day, the sword dust and the tower actually found only a few Only World of Warcraft, each kill a World of Warcraft, sword dust both have to go through a hard battle, an afternoon time, the two were only harvested seven second-order magic nucleus, compared with the second area, this figure It seems insignificant. However, when they thought that the five students who had reached the strength of the Holy Spirit would not get twelve magic nuclei in two days, they would also be relieved.In the third area, it is not calm to the name of the second area. Perhaps it is because the second-order World of Warcraft is more difficult to kill, and the number is very small. So many people are doing robbery and swords. After they had met the five robbed youths, they both encountered three groups of robbers. Four of them had the smallest number, and the largest group even had seven. After experiencing a bitter struggle, Both of them got the final victory, and the opponent's magic nucleus was also recovered by the sword dust. However, the sword dust was depressing. Among them, there was a magical nucleus among the four teams. No, it was only after being robbed. Rao was so, but thirty-two second-order magic nucleuses were also searched by two other groups.At night, sword dust and iron towers were roasted with World of Warcraft meat in front of the fire. In both of them, there was a look of exhaustion. This half-day time went down and killed them in the second area and World of Warcraft. All are tired.However, at the moment the school uniform on the tower had disappeared. He was on his upper body with bare legs, but he covered it with a piece of skin in an important part. It looked like a wild man. However, in the tower's body, it has been filled with more than a dozen scars, large and small, although it looks unusually embarrassing, but in fact it is only a few skin injuries, and did not move to the towers, this strong body to see The sword dust is jealous.The sword dust is not much better than the iron tower. Although his school uniform is still barely able to wear, there are still a lot of wounds, but the uniform has been completely stained with blood, and the red is black.At this moment, faint voices came from afar and the sound of sword dust was very keen, and they captured very subtle sounds for the first time.Jian Chen stood up from the ground, looking into the distance, said: "The Eiffel Tower, someone in the distance is fighting."