Chapter 44 Capturing BrotherIt was heard that the tower did not care, "it is estimated that someone is killing it with World of Warcraft."After listening to these words, Jian Chen once thought, but what he had experienced in past lives is far from being comparable to the iron tower. In this environment, even if there is a bit of movement, it will make Jian Chen vigilant, especially after passing through it. After encountering robberies by schoolmates during the daytime, the older the sword's vigilance on the surrounding environment, the higher it gets. For some people in the gondolas, the sword dust is really seen too much. He doesn't want to become himself. One of them.With the subtle sounds captured by his ears, the sword dust tried to listen to this far-off movement, but his brows gradually began to wrinkle. He had already heard that not some people were fighting with World of Warcraft, but there were The two groups are fighting each other and the sound of fighting is still approaching them quickly.The sword dust looked at the tower and said: “The tower, it’s not that someone is fighting with World of Warcraft, but there are two groups of people fighting and listening to the sound is coming quickly to our place. You are ready to go, maybe you will be able to There was a battle." Jian Chen did not choose to change a position, with their strength, here is enough to protect themselves, and he is not a fear of people.The tower immediately came to an interest and put an axe around it in his hand and said, “I guess someone is being robbed again. Changyang Xiangtian, you said whether we want to look at it.”Jian Chen sat in front of the fire with a steel rod and crossed his knees and said, "No, no accidents, they will soon come to us.""Oh!" The tower also sat down sly, and his face was very calm.Soon, the sound of fights from the distant place became louder and louder, and even the tower could clearly hear it. In a short time, several figures fled from a distance and ran towards the fire that was lit by the sword and dust. .Behind them, the black figures continuously flashed under the night, apparently to chase them."The two friends, the group behind them is robbing our magic nucleus. Not only is it very powerful, but it also has more people than we do. I hope we can unite to fight against them. If not, we will have to work hard in these two days. The magic nucleus all flowed into their pockets.” In the distance, one of them opened his mouth and shouted. Although there are only two of them, if they have joined them, at least they will be equal in strength. .Hearing this voice, Jian Jian's brows slightly wrinkled. This voice actually gave him a familiar feeling, as if he had heard somewhere, but he could not remember it. It was obviously not impressive.Seeing the four people fleeing in front of each other are getting closer and closer to the sword dust, a shadow suddenly emerges from the rear at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, they come to the four people to block the way they are moving forward, and then go high. Raise the sword in his hand and take the lead to the person closest to him.The man who fled in front of him, who had not shown weakness, lifted his sacred soldier and cut it toward the giant sword.    "when!"The strength of the two people is obviously very different. With a loud roar, the person who fled at the front of the house flew directly by a sword.With such a fallacy, the pursuers of the squadron have rushed up and re-ran several fleeing people together and violently attacked. There are eight people who are chasing after them, and the strength is not weak. The number of people is not weak. The huge differences make several people fleeing to be beaten and beaten by each other. It will take a long time to defeat."Luo Jian, you waited for me. I will never let you go." An angry rage came out of the fleeing man, and his voice was a little thick.Hearing this voice, the sword dust standing in the distance suddenly changed his face. Unlike the previous one, this slightly thick sound was familiar to him. It seemed to be the voice of his older brother Chang Yanghu.“Big Brother!” Jian Chen exclaimed with a deep thunder and was full of surprises. Then his eyes suddenly became fiercer. He did not hesitate at this moment, and rushed to those people with his iron bar.Seeing the action of Jian Chen, the tower also carried the giant axe and rushed behind the sword dust. After three days of getting along, the tower seemed to have become obedient to the sword dust. It is estimated that the Tower itself did not realize it.In fact, in the past three days, Jian Chen displayed the super combat effectiveness that is completely inconsistent with his own strength, as well as his rich experience and thinking about the survival of the forest, and so on, and has completely let the tower be convinced.The sword dust is sticking to the grass and weaving fast on the weeds. The speed is very fast. In the blink of an eye, we have approached both sides of the war. In the night sky, the iron rods are turned into a black human eye that is difficult to catch, and stabs to one of them. Go, from the figure and in the direction of the voice, he has already identified the person attacked by this person as being his own brother Chang Yang Hu.Although people have long noticed the sword dust and the iron tower, and are constantly on guard, but the speed of the sword dust is too fast, there is no sign of coming, and everyone's eyes are greatly affected by the sound at night, there is no one Observe the only steel bar with the thickness of the finger in the dust of the sword.At the tip of the steel bar, he penetrated deeply into the shoulders of the man who siegeed the Changyang Tiger, and he pierced it directly. Suddenly, the screams spread far in the dark night sky. Then, there was no injury. The man's reflection, sword dust kicked directly on his chest and kicked him far away."Ah, drink!" At this moment, the tower was also killed. With a loud cry, his hands raised his axe and chopped away at one person.The man who was attacked by the tower was not slow to see. He looked at the axe that was at the top of his head. The man did not have the slightest fear of color, and he lifted up his two-handed giant sword and welcomed it.    "when!"With a loud noise, the tower's axe collided with that of the giant sword in the man's hand. The two weapons touched and the tower was standing still. The youth who hardly touched him was hard. Life and life were blown out by the powerful force on the axe.And the iron tower with its natural power is hard, unless the difference in strength is too great, otherwise, no one will be the opponent of the tower. Only this time, the young people who had touched the tower had eaten a big loss.However, after this hard collision, there was another gap in the tower's axe blade. It is simply because the strength of the opponent is not strong. The energy contained in the sacred soldier is still within the scope of this axe. Otherwise, the tower's axe would have been destroyed."Ah!" slams into the mouth of the tower, waving his axe and rushing toward the others again. Seeing this, those who robbed immediately separated two people to deal with the tower.“Oh!” With a loud steel siren, one person who did not know the bottom of the tower once again had a hard collision with the weapons of the tower. Suddenly, without exception, he was once again given the powerful power of the tower’s axe. When I went out, I added another gap to the axe of the tower.Although the axe of the tower is very hard, it is far from being comparable to the sacred soldier because the sacred soldier of each individual contains powerful energy. With the sacred soldier, he can still exert an attack far beyond his own strength. However, the strength of these people is obviously too weak and weak. Almost all of them are at the beginning of the Holy Spirit. Even if the sacred soldiers have increased their attacks, the increase is very limited. This difference in strength makes it possible for the Tower to be equalized by his natural superiority. This is the case, but the axe in the tower cannot withstand multiple collisions."Be careful, his power is very strong, don't touch him with his axe." The man who was flew out was quickly reminded.After listening to his companions, the rest of the youth who had fought with the Tower immediately became cautious, instead of touching the tower's axe, but instead seized the gap attack of the tower.....Jian Chen did not stop after stabbing one person with a lightning speed. In his hand, his iron bar turned slightly and his body was like a ghost once again killing the other who had fought against Chang Yang Tiger. It was already red with blood, and the red, darkened iron bar was like a poisonous snake hiding in the darkness under the cover of darkness. It wandered silently in the dark night sky, making it difficult to find out.The speed of the sword dust iron stick is very fast, and in the case that the person who fought against the Changyang Tiger has not yet been reflected, the tip of the iron bar directly pierced his thigh.The man suddenly changed his face, issued a painful squeaky squeak, his face was full of painful look, and the offensive in his hand could not help but slow down. At this time, Changyang Tiger, who was opposite to him, was not at all polite. He shook his hand directly with the Great Sword and slammed it on the left arm of the young man.Suddenly, a scream came out of the population. The bones of his right arm had been cut off by the sword of Changyang Tiger, and they fell down without power. Only the skin under the bones was connected and the blood was like a fountain. Exposed in the arm.At this time, a blue light flashed in the darkness, and saw a great sword wrapped in a layer of blue light, and cut it toward the sword dust at a very fast speed."Wind power of Holy Power!" Seeing the giant sword wrapped in blue light, Jian Chen's face became slightly dignified, and then he stepped on his mysterious pace, and his body suddenly disappeared like a ghost. At the same time, the great sword wrapped in blue light was also cut off from the position where the sword dust had just stood.Jian Chen stopped at three meters, and not far from where he had just stood, a man with a great sword was standing there proudly. The man was wearing a tattered school uniform and covered in blood. His face was already When you become black, you can't recognize it at all.Jian Chen eyes sharply staring at the opposite person, Lengheng loudly, Shen Sheng said: "Luo Jian, did not expect to meet you here."After listening to this, the young man's face looked a slight glimpse. This voice actually gave him a familiar feeling. Then he looked carefully and carefully at the sword dust, although it was night, but through the bright moonlight in the sky. In such a close distance, he still clearly saw the appearance of Jian Chen.However, after three days of fighting in the forest, and no water is clear, everyone in this situation is full of darkness, simply can not recognize the other's appearance.However, when the Changyang Tiger, not far from Jian Chen, heard the sound of Jian Chen, his face looked first. Then he looked at Jian Chen with his unbelievable eyes and exclaimed, "You .... You are the fourth brother." Changyang Tiger's tone is full of surprise and unbelievable, he is familiar with the tone of Jian Chen.Wen Sheng, Luo Jian's face revealed a faint look, sneered: "No wonder I think your voice is a bit familiar with the original you are Changyang Xiangtian, did not think you actually promoted to the Holy One, and really surprised me too much. "." Behind the words, Luo Jian's eyes flashed a bright color.Jian Chen's eyes turned slightly, looking at the Changyang Tiger, said: "Big Brother, let's talk to the meeting. Now we have to lift the crisis in front of you. Let's help other people. Luo Jian gave it to me."