Chapter 45 Luo Jian defeated"Well then, the four younger brothers are careful about yourself. Luo Jian's strength has already reached the mid-level saints." After leaving this sentence, Changyang Tiger immediately went to support other people, although the sword dust appeared in the third area. Changyang Tiger is very surprised, but he also understands that this time is not the time to ask the bottom.Thanks to the addition of Jian Chen and the Tower, the strengths of the few Changyang Tigers and their counterparts who had fallen into the inferior position were completely equal, and it was even because of the existence of the iron tower that they still slightly took up the upper hand. As a result of this stalemate, no one can do anything in a short time.Looking at Luo Jian across the street, Zhang Jian smiled lightly. "Luo Jian, it seems that today's robbery will not only fail to succeed, but you may also be afraid of the Magic Core."Hearing his words, Luo Jian looked angry and flashed a fierce glow in his eyes. He shouted low: “Changyang Xiang Tian is not yet qualified to take away our magic nucleus.”Jian Chen looked to Luo Jian's eyes with a trace of disdain, a touch of light: "Then try it, to see if I have the ability to take away the magic nuclei in your hands." After the words, Jian Chen is no longer nonsense The body swayed slightly and rushed toward Luo Jian at an extremely fast pace. The iron bar in his hands was assassinated by dark nights as if a straight, poisonous snake stretched out toward Luo Jian's chest.In Luo Jian’s eyes, there was a trace of concealed murderousness. The sword suddenly flashed in the hands of the blue light, waving the great sword and cutting it toward sword dust. Because Luo Jian was the power of the Holy Spirit, and his strength was also strong. It reached the point of the middle-level saints, so it was faster than anyone else on the speed. The speed of this sword is very fast, and there is still an afterimage on the way.Looking at the giant sword he had cut into his head, the sword dust looked as usual, and then he slightly shifted his body and he avoided the Great Sword with a difference of ten percent. The trajectory stabbed by the iron bar in his hand remained unchanged and he directly pierced Luo Jian’s chest. .Luo Jian’s face changed slightly, and the Jian Du’s iron bar stabbed at a very fast pace. At this crucial moment, he had no time to withdraw the Great Sword, but his reflection was not slow. The Holy Power of the body's wind attributes had been All was mobilized, and then he controlled his stature to retire backwards, while trying to recover his great sword.Luo Jian did his best to retreat at a very fast pace. When Jian Chen’s iron stick touched Luo Jian’s chest, Luo Jian had already escaped the range of sword dust and recovered his great sword. Reunited with the power of the Holy Spirit, waving the Great Sword once again toward the sword dust in the past.Luo Jian’s attack was very simple. However, in the eyes of the sword dust, it was a slash and slash. There was no slightest skill involved. Despite this, Jian Chen did not dare to underestimate Luo’s attack.The sword dust leapt back and escaped from the giant sword of Luo Jian's appearance. Then he took a hard look on the big tree next to his feet. He leaped away toward Luo Jian and his arm was slightly shaken with a touch of disability. Accompanied by the shadows, the sword dust arm has extended out at a very fast pace, and the iron bar in the hand is marked as a dark awn. It punctures Luo Jian at lightning speed, and it is difficult to capture with the naked eye.Luo Jian felt only a flower in front of him. The iron bar in the hands of the sword dust had already reached him. This time, the speed of Jian Jian’s sword was too late for him to reflect. He didn’t even dodge time. The tip of the steel bar has been stabbed in his chest.Luo Jian suddenly changed his face and looked blankly at the steel bar that had pierced his chest and lost his unbelievable look in his eyes. Along with desperation and a terrified look, he was now stabbing at the speed with an iron rod. He was simply unable to make any resistance, not even the ability to stop, because this time the speed of the iron club was too fast, and it quickly gave him the middle-class saint who had the power of Holy Spirit to have too late to reflect . If the iron rod pierced Luo Jian's chest, Luo Jian would suffer serious injuries even if he did not die.On the contrary, the next situation surprised everyone. When the sword bar at the top of the sword was just pierced into Luo Jian's chest, the momentum that continued to deepen stopped suddenly, and then a pure and holy force After rushing into the body of Luo Jian along the iron bar, the sword dust pulled out the iron bar, volleying a stand up and unloading the impact of the rush, from Luo Jian's head over the final steady on the ground.The pure sacred power that he had left in Luo Jian shattered as soon as the iron bar broke away from Luo Jian’s body. The aftermath of energy raged in Luo Jian’s body and destroyed him. Internal organs.“Hey!” Luo Jian even spewed out a piece of blood, and the severe pain in his body made him feel that he could barely feel this feeling. He could not help but utter a bleak scream. There was no image falling on the ground and painfully tumbling. stand up.Luo Jian's screams were extremely bleak and suddenly attracted everyone on both sides of the fight. However, when their eyes fell on Luo Jian, who was painfully rolling around on the ground, all faces except the iron tower looked Can not help but see, from their eyes, still can see that a touch of deep shock, and more can not believe.After solving Luo Jian, Jian Chen did not intend to let that group of people fall into the station circle with an iron bar. If today is not the big brother who happened to happen to him, Yang Yang Hu, I am afraid that the evil spirits in the hands of big brother Chang Yanghu not only will fall into them, I am afraid that they will be subject to some not minor injuries.With the addition of sword dust, the original strength of the two sides was suddenly broken. Although the strength of the sword dust is not as good as the strength of the Holy Power, his fighting power is undoubtedly the most powerful of all.In past lives, sword dust was famous for its unobtrusive swordsmanship. Moreover, the swordsmanship was made superb by him, which made it difficult to prevent him. Therefore, his move was very fast and sometimes faster. Unbelievable, people can't catch it with their eyes. Although the sword dust is now using an iron bar, the strength can not be truly played, but it is not in front of these students who have no fighting experience can match, under his exquisite swordsmanship offensive, quickly ended the battle.Until the end of the battle, no one found that the weapon used by the sword dust is not a sacred soldier, but only an iron bar.After the battle was over, all the students who had snatched the magic nucleus were all lying on the ground with injuries. There were blood holes in different positions on each person, and they watched Jian Zhan's eyes with this wiper.Looking at the eight young people lying on the ground, despite the fact that the Changyang Tigers were all injured by varying severity, a triumphant smile appeared in their eyes, and the three youths who were with the Changyang Tigers looked Jian Chen's eyes are even with a trace of worship and gratitude."Changyang Tiger, I did not think that you actually have a fourth brother who is so powerful. It really surprises us."“Yeah, Changyang Tiger, although I’ve heard that your four younger brothers are good at the college, but they didn’t expect it to be so powerful. Even Luo Jian, an intermediate saint, lost his hand. This time, he said, Thanks to the assistance of your four younger brothers, otherwise, I am afraid that several of us are unable to hold the magic nucleus which was hard-earned by the World of Warcraft."    ……….The relationship between the three young people and the Changyang Tiger was obviously good. They all sighed and sighed, all of them were happy.At this time, Jian Chen came to the front of his brother Changyang Hu. His eyes glanced over the wounds on his body. He asked with a little bit of concern: "Brother, is it hurt?"Hearing words, the Changyang Tiger shook his head carelessly and was a pleasant surprise. There was a happy look at Jian Chen and said: "It's okay. It's okay. It's just some minor injuries. And don't forget your big brother. Forces are indigenous, and the defensive power is much stronger than that of the average person." Changyang Tiger paused and asked, "Yes, my younger brother, how did you come to the third area? I remember before I entered the forest. Your strength has not yet reached the stage of the Holy One. In addition, when did you become so powerful, actually defeated Luo Jiandu.” Changyang Hu was curious about his face.Jian Chen smiled a little and said: "Brother, these things have time, I'll talk to you slowly, and now I'm still dealing with things in front of me." Jian Chen's eyes swept over the students lying on the ground. At one glance, said: "Brother, how are you going to punish them?"After listening to these words, the Changyang Tiger thought about the meeting. “Four younger brothers, you still have to figure it out. If you don’t, I’m afraid that the magic nucleus in our four hands will all fall into their hands.”Jian Chen's face suddenly a hint of meaningful smile, said: "Since that is the case, then why should we be polite with them, or all the magic core in their space belt search it."This proposal of Jian Chen got everyone’s approval. Then the four people of Changyang Tiger took all their space belts in the eyes of Luo Jian’s group of people who were full of grievances and anger, and then they all plucked the magic core inside. After a few counts, there were more than 130 pieces of magical nuclei placed on the space belt by eight of them.After reaching this figure, even the sword dust feels a surprise. Changyang Tiger is even more amazed. “I didn't expect that there were so many magic nuclei in their hands. It seems that they must have taken a lot of people before. Otherwise, based on their strength it would be impossible to kill so many World of Warcraft in three days."Jian Chen nodded his approval and then said, "Big Brother, let's divide these six points into six layers. We have a few people."“This is not to be done.” As soon as Jian Chen’s voice just fell, a young man stood up and said: “Changyang Xiangtian, who can get these magic nuclei, is all yours and the brother’s credit. We have almost no power. So you have to accept these magic cores yourself, so don't give them to us."The young man’s words quickly gained the approval of the other two people. Immediately one of them said: “Osset said it's good, Changyang Xiangtian, if not you and this brother, is based on the strength of our four people. To say that they have defeated them, I am afraid that even our own magic nucleus can't keep it. Now that we can keep our own magic nucleus from falling into their hands, we feel very satisfied. As for these magic nucleus, we don't want to. .""Yes, Changyang Xiangtian, can get so many magic nucleus, it is the power of both you and the brother. It's how we feel weird to divide it."Jian Chen’s eyes flashed with bright light. His eyes were tightly annotated with a change of expression on the three faces. However, he only saw the sincerity of the other person’s eyes and did not mean the slightest falsification. This expression of the three people fell in the eyes of the sword and dust, making the sword dust have a good impression on them. However, in the heart of the sword dust, he could not help but feel admiration for his brother Chang Yang Hu. He did not expect him to actually deliver the three. Straightforward friend. Although Changyang Tiger seems to feel a bit of a tiger's head, but the meticulous sword dust knows that Changyang Tiger is not stupid.Jian Chen smiled a little and said: “In fact, everyone has some credit for this matter. If it is not your success that has dragged on these people, once they are united with Luo Jian to deal with me, I’m afraid I can’t insist on coming alone. Well, these magic nucleuses are half of me and the tower. The rest is generally evenly distributed by you. That's all right."