Chapter 46 Rich Harvest"Haha, what the four younger brothers said is right. We have all contributed to this matter. Now we must follow the method of the younger brother. The four younger brothers and half of the brothers are half and the other half is evenly distributed by us. "The Changyang tiger laughed loudly, but Jian Chen was his younger brother. Although he was a half-brother, this did not affect the feelings of their brothers. He would not be polite.Even Changyang Tiger said so, and the other three were not good at refusing. Then they all got excited to accept the magic nucleus. On average, each of the four of them had allocated more than a dozen magic nucleus. Several of them were happy, and this number is completely worthy of their three days of hunting World of Warcraft.Something happened in Jianchen, and a few people did not intend to stay in place. After a change of position, they revived a pile of fire and continued to roast.Six people sat in a circle around the fire. Changyang Tiger said with a smile: "Four younger brothers, I will tell you about it. These three are my best friends. They are Oss, Oba, and Dearah." Changyang The tiger finger pointed to the three of them and said: "Four younger brothers, Oss and Oba, are a bunch of twin brothers. They are exactly the same. When they wash off the dirt on their faces, they can't distinguish you. Which of them is Oscar and which is Oba."There was a faint smile on the face of the sword dust. He said hello to three people one by one. Then, after a few chats, several people gradually became familiar with it. Even the name of the tower was known by three people.At this time, Changyang Tiger looked very positive and said: "Four younger brothers, I remember that before entering the forest, your strength has not yet advanced to the Holy One. Now how do you appear in the third area, and the strength is still strong? Even if the middle-class sages, Luo Jiandu, who possesses the power of the Holy Spirit of wind, are defeated, will it be that within this three-day period your strength has been promoted to the Holy One?"The question asked by Chang Yang Hu was also a matter of concern for the other three. When Chang Yang Hu asked, the eyes of two brothers Deirah and Aoba suddenly focused on Jian Chen. Jian Chen defeated the middle sage Luo Jian. The impact on them was undoubtedly enormous. Although they had heard in the college that the strength of Jian Chen was extraordinary, they were far from exaggerating to this point.The sword dust smiled a little, and the iron bar in his hand hurt the long Yang tiger. "My eldest brother, you look at it. If I am promoted to the saint, do I still have weapons like this?"Changyang Tiger took the iron bar, but only to see the same, he had already recognized that this iron bar that had been blackened with blood was actually a rusty iron bar."This .... this ...." Changyang tiger eyes widened, an unbelievable stare at the hands of this rusting iron bar, the hearts of the horror has made him speechless. He could not think of it. Jian Chen could defeat Luo Jian with only a broken iron rod. If it weren't for something, it would happen to him. He wouldn't believe if he killed him.At this time, the eyes of the two brothers Dilja and Oba fell on the iron bar in the hands of the Changyang Tiger. After some observation, the eyes of the three men also showed an unbelievable and horrified look. The dusty eyes seemed to be watching a monster.Looking at the three people's expressions, Jian Chen chuckled and said, “I have teamed up with the Eiffel Tower. The Warcraft II in the second area is no challenge for us, so I came to the third place with the Eiffel Tower. area."After listening to these words, the hearts of the four people in the Changyang Tiger can not help but feel a knot, the second area of ​​World of Warcraft is a first-order World of Warcraft, although some are relatively weak, attacking power is not strong in Warcraft, but the ordinary saints want to deal with It is also a very difficult thing. While the strength of Jian Chen and the two have obviously not yet been promoted to the Holy One, they actually dare to say that the magic nuclei in the second region are no longer challenging in their eyes. This allows them to include Chang Yang Hu and the other four. People can not help but secretly swordsman dust two metamorphosis.After a few moments, several people from Changyang Tiger finally passed the battle. Changyang Tiger continued to ask, "Four brothers, you haven't advanced to the Holy One so powerful. Later, when you reach the strength of the Holy One, I really don't know you. The strength of the people will become more powerful." Changyang Tiger paused and continued: "To the four younger brothers, you estimate when you can advance to the Holy One."Hearing, Jian Chen sank the meeting a little and said: “I have now reached the peak of the Ten Commandments of the Holy Spirit. After waiting for the forest, I intend to attack the Holy Ones.”Changyang Tiger sucked cool air and looked at Jian Chen's eyes. It was a surprise and shock. “You are really bad, four brothers. When you came to the college a few months ago, your strength was only 80%. The power of the Holy Spirit, did not think that Austria reached the peak of the ten-story Holy Spirit in such a fast time."After listening to these words, Dyer’s trio couldn't help but feel amazed. The look to Jian Chen’s eyes has completely changed, the cultivation speed is so fast, and the strength is so powerful that both have some sword dust. It is definitely a genius in genius. At the moment, the hearts of the three people have already been decided. Afterwards, it must be well-matched with sword dust. It must not be offended.The sword dust smiled without care, and said: "Brother, I find that there are many people in this third region who are robbing each other of the magic nucleus. I don't know what's going on."Hearing words, Changyang Hu sighed and said: "This thing does not know who took the head. It is said that on the second day, a group of people who were stunned by their large numbers began to snatch others in the third area. The magic nucleus that was hunted was also caused by them in the third area. After this matter was spread, the students in the third area also followed and learned to organize each other. Began to take up this action to grab the magic core, after all, second-order Warcraft is not only a small number, but also very difficult to kill, but also to kill a magic nuke only to get it, and this is not only to snatch than hunting World of Warcraft It's a lot easier, and if you're lucky, you can snatch more magic stars from other people.""So, things have developed so far, and the students in the entire third region have been robbing each other. Many students who have lost their orders or a small number of teams cannot keep their hands from the hard work that they have done to kill the World of Warcraft. The nuclear were taken away by those people. Therefore, many injured people left the forest in advance. There are already few people in the third area.""Isn't the teachers who are hidden in the dark not care about it?" asked the tower's opening."As long as it does not harm lives, or that encounter Warcraft is in life or death, otherwise those hidden in the dark of the teacher will not appear, after all, the reason why we call us to the World of Warcraft forest to kill World of Warcraft, in fact, is also for us A hone, and this time grabbing things, is even more a test of strength and unity for us. After all, this is where things are happening everywhere on the Tianyuan continent. Now it is just for us to realize it in advance. "I was talking about one of the two brothers."Oh!" The tower suddenly realized.The mouth of the sword dust suddenly showed a strange smile and looked at the four people of Changyang Tiger. "Since other people can take the initiative to grab us, why can't we take the initiative to snatch the magic nucleus in the hands of others? I don't know if you would like it or not. Give it a hand."After listening to the words of Jian Chen, Changyang Tiger's eyes are bright."Well, just do it. Changyang Xiangtian, I mixed with you." Deeriya "Teng" stood up from the ground and looked at Changyang Xiangtian excitedly, said proudly."Yeah, we were previously lacking in strength and we just evaded it. But now that we have Changyang Xiangtian, we can't overcome the fact that even if we meet a middle-level saint, we will not be able to overcome it. Then we will. Take advantage of this last night and do a good job. "Obba and two brothers are also in high spirits."Well, my younger brother and I listen to you." Changyang Tiger also expressed his excitement.As for the iron tower, there is no more opinion. These days, the Tower of Heaven has long been determined by the decision of sword dust.Afterwards, the crowd filled their stomachs, and after some deliberation, they decided that the two brothers would go around and look for their goals. The four of them would stay in the same place waiting for the news.Oba's brothers soon returned, and they also discovered a group of people five miles away. The total number of people was five.A few people in Jian Chen set out immediately and marched toward the goal of five miles away under the leadership of the two brothers.When the swordsman felt the location, the five people were just preparing to rest alone and were caught off guard by a group of sword dust. Because the strength of the five of them was in the stage of the junior sage, they were quickly wiped out by the sword dust. People lay down to the ground, but the number of magic nucleus plucked from them was not many, only about twenty.After receiving the magic nucleus, several people in Jianchen did not bother them and immediately left here.One night, a few people did not sleep in the sword dust, all in the forest to find a goal up, and now there are not many people in the third area, a full half-night, the sword dust both found There were three groups of people, but what made everyone laughable was that some of them actually held the same purpose as they did and met in the middle, and they began to fight without saying anything. There were a total of six people. They had the same number of players as the Jian Chen and there were two middle-level saints. Their strength was very strong. However, the two middle-level saints were both covered by Jian Chen and the Tower, and in the end they were still in the dust of the sword dust. In one person’s hands, a final victory was achieved. From this group of people, Jian Dust collected a total of more than 150 pieces of second-order magic nucleus. It seems that many students’ magic nucleus was held by them. Give the snatch away.After three battles, in addition to the sword dust, several people were bruised. In addition to the thick and thick iron tower, they could no longer continue fighting. In desperation, only looking for a hidden place late at night. An An had passed steadily. Although both the Jian Chen and the Tower were still full of intentions, they would like to rob several more people. However, at this moment, the four people of the Changyang Tigers are no longer able to fight. This time the two of them must flow to protect them. Prevent some unexpected situations.However, I have to say that the harvest of the sword dust in the evening was very rich. Apart from the first batch of people with only more than 20 magic nuclei, the other two groups harvested more than 70 and one hundred and fifty respectively. The number of magic nucleus is a total of nearly 260.Looking at so many magic nuclei, Jian Chen even suspects that the second-order magic nucleus possessed by several people is already half the number of Warcraft players killed in the third area.After midnight, the time passed slowly in peace, and the next day it began to shine. Several people in Jian Chen also set out to walk towards the outskirts of the forest. The wounds on several people in Changyang Tiger had begun after they had applied some plasters. Slowly healed. These plasters were originally provided after receiving space belts issued by the college.Now, Changyang Tigers are wearing an intact wolf skin. From the outside, it is impossible to see how many people are injured. These wolf skins were both taken out by the sword dust and the iron tower. When they hunted the wolves, they collected a lot of wolf skins.