Chapter 47 Return to KargasSix people in Jian Chen did not hurry to walk towards the outskirts of the forest. Now it has passed three days. If they succeed in keeping these magic nuclei out of the forest, they will complete their missions satisfactorily, and these magic nuclear colleges will be completed. It will not be withdrawn, but it will all belong to them.Walking on the road, several people in Jian Chen are very cautious. At this time, it is the most easily happening moment. After several battles last night, apart from him and the towers, they still maintain fighting strength. All of them have suffered injuries and their strength has been less than half that of usual time. If they are really attacked by powerful people, it will inevitably lead to a hostile battle. This is what the sword dust does not want to see.The sword dust went in front, and after the tower was broken, the team formed a straight line, and the pale white enchantment in the sky even appeared from time to time to spread quickly in the same direction, and it was lighted today. At that time, such changes took place in the enchantment of the entire forest in the sky, indicating exits for students who lost their way in the forest.The spirit of Jian Chen hit a high level. At the same time, there was no movement in the surrounding area. The third area was not as calm as in the second area. It was not only necessary to guard against the World of Warcraft that would come and go at any time, but also to guard against those students who might not be able to defend themselves. Among the secretive weeds, there are hidden people who are waiting to be treated, and the closer the distance from the exit, the greater the dangerous factor. After all, the enchantment in the sky has already indicated the direction of the exit. The students who are still in the forest are all moving in the same direction. This will undoubtedly provide some convenience to those who are waiting to be treated.Several hours passed, and the exit of the sword and dust from the third area was getting closer and closer. It seemed quite calm along the way, but everyone walked a certain distance and met a corpse of Warcraft, even in some places. Also lay two or three World of Warcraft bodies at the same time.After a few more hours of time, the group’s pedestrians finally arrived at the exit of the third area. They passed through the enchantment and came to the second area. At this time, many people could not help but feel relieved. In my heart, I understand that my devil's magic account is kept because when they are out of the third area, whether or not they have collected two magic nuclei, the task is considered to be over. There is no one who dares to grab something. ."Oh, I didn't expect the road to be so calm. It was beyond my expectation." Chang Yang Hu's face shows a happy smile, his voice is tinged with excitement.Oba also said with a look of joy: "Yeah, I thought we would meet the attack on the way out. I did not expect to be so calm. It was beyond my expectation."Dilja reached out and touched the waistband in the waist and smiled; "I guess that the people in the third area who had snatched the magic core suffered some injuries. They didn't have the energy to stop and robbery on the road. And among them, The vast majority of people are in the same situation as we are now. They are only asking for self-protection. They can safely leave the third region and are satisfied. They simply do not have the thought to go to the attention of those who rob."Well, that's good and it makes sense." The tower also nodded in agreement.The sword dust shook his head slightly and said: "It is not what you think. In fact, there are still people ambushing in some hidden places on this road, but you haven't noticed it. Those who are ambushed in the dark may have seen us. There are numerous, and it is impossible to infer our strength. We cannot be sure whether we can eat us. Therefore, they did not give us hands. Otherwise, we would not be able to get out of the third zone so well."After listening to this, several people's faces changed slightly.Changyang Tiger has long squawked and said: "Fortunately, our four younger brothers let us all look like they are in good condition. Otherwise, once we let those people know that all four of us are injured, I am afraid we will not be so lucky. "After listening to this, Aoba three people nodded in agreement and looked at Jian Chen's eyes with a touch of admiration."Well, we still go out quickly. After returning to the college, you will also be able to raise an injury."A group of six people continued to advance toward the first area. As the distance from the first area's exit is getting closer, the surrounding colleges are gradually getting more and more. Although many people on the way must be unable to persist and give up the task, but this There were more than a thousand people who entered the forest at one time. Even if there were more than half of them given up, there were at least hundreds of people left. It was almost impossible to find hundreds of people in the forest. When you meet, there are not many people who can meet in the forest.The sword dust looked around the colleges that were walking toward the first area like myself. I saw that the vast majority of boys were upper body and covered with wounds. But without exception, everyone was awkward. The upper body of the man was covered in mud, and his face could no longer be identified from his cheeky face.Only a few women wear school uniforms, but without exception, uniforms become filthy. Everyone is cracked everywhere. It looks like they are not even dressed, and some places are not covered. It is covered with wide leaves, and it seems that the wolves have reached the extreme.Among them, several others who were injured on their legs and were unable to walk were escorted by their companions and stepped outside the forest.In this area may be due to the large number of people, so there is no access to Warcraft, along the way is still relatively safe.Soon, a few people in the sword dust passed through the first area in the direction pointed out by the enchantment in the sky, and finally they walked out of the forest. Outside of the enchantment, the assistant dean Bai En was dressed in a white robe and stood straight upright. Standing behind him, stood a few college teachers who looked indifferent, and then there was a large group. The students of Kargas College have a total number of nearly 1,000. They are divided into two camps, of which the number of people on the right is several times that of the other camp. Some of them wear uniforms on their school uniforms. However, there are few places that are damaged, and the overall situation is still intact.Others were more embarrassed. Their uniforms were smashed and they were stained with blood. Through the cracks in the school uniform, it could be seen that there was a scar on them.The people in the left camp only have more than two hundred people. Without exception, everyone is a wolverine. Most of them wear some of them made of bark or skins. There are many people in the clothes, including the upper body. However, all the people who came out of the forest at the moment were arranged by a teacher and all the people in the camp on the left were all together.Afterwards, several people in Jian Chen sat quietly waiting on the grass. At this time, he already understood that all the people who stayed in the left camp had spent three days in the forest. It was only from the forest today. The people who came out and the people in the right-hand area were all those who had gone out within three days. According to the rules of the college, whether or not they got two magic nucleus, they were considered mission failures.With the eyes turning round and down, people in the same camp where the sword dust finds itself and stays in the same camp, many people are stunned. Some people look into some people with deep anger in their eyes and they seem to be quick. Fired like a flame.At this time, Jian Chen seemed to feel something. He looked back slightly and saw a person wearing a fur coat. The dark-faced man was stumbling down with two students dressed in the same manner he was wearing. In my own eyes, I rushed to the rage and .... strong murderous.The sword dust looked up and down the same person, then a hint of smirk appeared on the corner of his mouth. He had already recognized it. The man was actually Luo Jian. Although Jian Chen understood that he had completely offended Luo Jian after experiencing the events of the previous night, but he did not care about this sword dust. On strength, he would not be under Luo Jian. Once he waited for him to become a sage, he would be promoted to be The saint, Luo Jian will be even more threatening to him. If the family power is concerned, although Jian Chen is not very clear about the strength of Changyang Mansion, Changyang Mansion’s strength is obviously not weak from all aspects. Although Luo Jian was the son of a family leader in the Forbidden City who was a major force in the Luo family, in the eyes of Jian Chen, Luo Jia did not come forward to make things difficult for him. After all, Luo Jian was hone in the task of accepting the college. In the circumstances, he was shot and wounded by himself. At that time, Luo Jian first attacked his brother and his entourage.Afterwards, when all the people in the forest came out, the number of sword dust in their camp has increased to three or four hundred.At this time, the assistant dean Bai En came to the front of the crowd and his eyes glanced at the group of skeletal trainees in the left-hand side of the camp. There was a smile on his face and he said in a loud voice: “Well, you guys didn’t really let me Disappointed, I did not expect that this year's World of Warcraft activity would be able to stay in the forest for three days more often than in the past. Now, everyone maintains the current formation and starts in the direction of the college. ."Afterwards, the whole team maintained two camps and quickly advanced toward the college. When they passed a small river midway, everyone washed their faces and moved on. Soon, when a college felt the college, it was far from being discovered that a high platform had been erected in the middle of the playground.The crowd stopped in front of the high platform, and then the assistant dean Bai En and several teachers went straight to the high platform. The vice president Da Ma Jindao sat on the chairman's seat and said plainly: “Three years of hunting The end of the World of Warcraft game is now over. According to the college's regulations, the prize distribution will be carried out immediately after the mission is completed. Now, please stay in the forest for three days and have two students with more than one magic core.When the vice president voice fell, suddenly more than 100 people came out of the crowd."Now first check out the first-order magic nucleus, please kill the first-order World of Warcraft students to take the stage to count the number," said the deputy director.Subsequently, including the sword dust and the iron tower, all the students who hunted the first-order magic nuclei went to the ring in succession. There is a teacher on the table who is responsible for counting and registering the trainees to harvest the number of magic nuclei.