The forty-eighth chapterAmong the more than one hundred people, the strength is to advance to the saints. The people who move in the second area account for the vast majority. After the person who pays the first-order magic nucleus comes out, there are only thirty or so people left in the field. This makes the students who are unaware of the situation in the third area feel very puzzled. Although the third area is full of second-order Warcraft, but it is all relatively low-level attacks, for those who have condensed the sacred soldiers. For one, it may not be possible for a single player to deal with a World of Warcraft, but as long as several people are united, hunting a World of Warcraft in the third area is not too difficult. It is definitely better than a student who is less powerful than the Holy One. The first-order World of Warcraft is easier. After all, the sacred soldiers in the hands of the saints are very powerful. They are far from those ordinary iron can match. Arguably, the probability of the students in the third zone is definitely better than the second. There are a lot of people in the region who are active, but I don’t expect the result to be like this. In the third region, only the poor area of ​​more than 30 people completed the task, and the number of people who completed the task in the second area was even less. .When the first trainee came in front of the teacher who had paid the magic nucleus, he directly took out the magic nucleus from the space belt and gently placed it on the table. This student had only three magic nucleus .The eyes flashed freely on the three first-order magic cores. That teacher, who was about fifty years old, nodded slightly and said: "Well, yes, you're passing, what's your name. ”"Teacher, my name is Cheng Yunfeng." The name of the young man who paid the magic nucleus was full of joy. "Yes" has already proved the teacher's compliment to himself and can be praised by the teacher. For him today is A great honor.The teacher took a pen and recorded it on paper. Then he said, “Return the space belt to the college and take your magic nucleus down. This is your badge of honor. Be careful to close it.” The teacher took a badge from under the table and handed it to the student.The student responded with a cheerful voice, hands carefully holding the badge of honor, and then stepped down with a full of excitement.    "next!"Afterwards, there were trainees who took the magic nuclei in their hands to identify with the old man. At the same time, they were also considered to be a record. The speed of appraisal was very fast. In the twinkling of an eye, dozens of people had passed, and they got demons. Only two of them had the smallest nuclear, and the largest one even took out eight first-order magic nuclei, which made the name of the old man who did the appraisal work a little surprised.At this time, it was the turn of a handsome, handsome young man to identify the magic nucleus. The young man had a small scar on his forehead. He wanted to come to the forest only to be wounded soon, and there was a faint trace of blood on the edge of the scar.The young man calmly came to the old man's face and quietly solved the waist belt. Then the magic nucleus was taken out of the space belt by the youth and placed one by one on the table. The magic nucleus was taken out of the space belt by young people. Soon the table was already filled with six first-order magic nucleuses. The young man's movement did not stop there and he continued to take one from the space belt. Suddenly, the magic nucleus was taken out and was not in a hurry. The expression on his face was always indifferent. This shows that this young man is a fairly stable person.When the young man took out six magic nuclei, the teacher responsible for the review finally came to the spirit, a faint smile on his old face, and nodded slightly. He looked at the young man with a trace of his gaze. Appreciation.Soon, there were ten young people who had taken out of the space belt. At this time, the old man who was responsible for identifying the magic nucleus finally changed his face. The eyes of the young people were not admired but they were full of surprises. A person whose strength is less than that of the Holy One wants to kill ten World of Warcraft magical monsters in the forest full of first-order Warcraft. This is definitely not an easy task, and seeing that he has not stopped yet Undoubtedly, it tells everyone that the magic nucleus in his space belt has not yet been taken out.Behind the young people, the trainees behind him were stunned by the many magic nuggets he had come up with. They thought they had spent a great deal of effort in the forest to get two or three magic nuclei. This is already a very good result for them. Many people are proud of it. The amount of magic nuggets that the young people have at this moment in time is several times what they gained in three days. This does not allow them to Surprisingly, and they deal with the first-order World of Warcraft, they deeply understand that with their strength less than the Holy One, with only a handful of iron weapons to kill the thick and thick first-order Warcraft in the end how difficult it is.The young people did not care about the expressions of the people. The Buddha did not see it at all. The movements in his hands did not stop, and he continued to take out the first-order magic nucleus from the space belt. The number of magic nuclei placed on the table has reached fifteen, and young people still have no sign of stopping. The action is still so calm, and the face is very calm. One by one out.At this time, the eyes of all the teachers on the high stage hit the young man. His face was full of wonders and unbelievable looks. He only hunted for less than three days by the strength of the saint. Killing more than a dozen of World of Warcraft, if it is a combination of five or six people, it may be able to do it, but if a person wants to hunt and kill so many World of Warcraft in three days time, this seems to be a lesson for all teachers. Impossible things, unless those World of Warcraft are seriously injured.Sitting on the high platform, Bai En, the deputy dean, smiled a faint smile on his face and said, “His name seems to be called Mutian. It was only last year's school. It only took a year to advance from the eighth layer of Holy Power to the Holy Spirit. Ten layers of force have peaked, and this speed is also very good. It is said that he also tried to impact the Holy One. Although he eventually failed, he had to say that this time the screen family had a good seed." Said here Vice President Bai En paused and then gazed at the Changyang Xiangtian and the Tower behind them. They whispered, "We really look forward to the harvest of Changyang Xiangtian and the Tower, and they are said to be both. In the last day actually went to the third area to kill the second-order World of Warcraft, the two strength is obviously less than the Holy One, relying on two iron weapons can be leapfrog second-order World of Warcraft, ah, God It was incredible that if I had seen with my own eyes that they had jointly killed a second-order World of Warcraft that had been intact, I could not believe this matter would be true. It seems that this time not only the dean and the adults have accepted it. A good apprentice, Lol city quiet for a century-old Changyang House, in the near future will be because Chang Yang Xiang former glory days and expose it again. "When young people took out 23 first-order magic nucleuses from the space belt, they paused. They calmly commented on the old man who was responsible for the review and said, “The teacher, I am hunting for me. Magic nucleus."The old man in charge of the audit looked glanced at the twenty-three magic cores. He took a long breath and looked at the young man with his eyes. "What is your name?""Fang Tian!" said the young man, replied with a very plain tone.The old man's eyes gradually began to fierce, and he immediately asked, "In the days of Mutian, these are the ones you harvested or the few people who hunted the world of Warcraft."There was no change in the look of Tian Tian's face. This situation had already been expected by him. "The teacher, these magic nucleus are all my personal efforts."Hearing that, the old man's look to Mutianchang's eyes suddenly changed. He took a deep look at Mutiana and lost his appreciation in his eyes. Then he smiled and nodded. “Good! Good! Good! The weather is very good, your performance is very good, I hope you will continue to work hard in the future.” The old man did not ask how the more than twenty magic nudibranch screens were obtained, it is not important, it is important to know only The magic nucleus is the one that Mutianchi has worked hard to achieve. After all, strength is representative of everything on the Tianyuan continent. As long as you can achieve the final victory, even if you do not use any shameful means, no one will say anything.Listening to the admiration of the old man, Tian Tian's face could not help but reveal a faint smile.At this time, the old man handed a blue belt and an emblem to the screen, and said: "Miu Tian, ​​this is the space belt that you have previously kept here, and this badge of honor, get it."After Tian Tian's calm face took over the space belt and the badge of honor, he took more than 20 first-order magic nuclei into his own space belt and left the platform. From beginning to end, there was no face on the screen. Showing even a little proud and proud look has always seemed quite calm.Jian Chen’s eyes kept moving away from him as he walked off the high platform. In his mind, he had already recorded the name of Mu Tian. Intuitively, he felt that Mutian was not simple, and he was not The things in the pool will surely have some achievements in the future. However, it is not known which of the two roads he will embark on.Because of the fact that Tiantian has come up with more than two dozen magic cores at one time, the magic nucleus coming out from the next students has not caused any ripples anymore. In most cases, only a very small portion of the two or more were taken. In addition to the twenty-three magic cores that were collected by Mutian, the others only recovered eight at most.The speed of the review was very fast, and it soon came to a sword dust. At this time, the deputy dean and a few teachers who were sitting in the first spotlighted up. A pair of braids tightly annotated the sword dust. Showing a very demeanor of concern, the original deputy dean Bai En, who was lying on a chair, could not help but sit up straight, with a look of hope in his eyes, although he knew that sword dust hunted in the forest. Little of Warcraft, but do not know what the "many" to what kind of figure.Jian Chen looked calmly to the old man in charge of reviewing the magic nuclei. He looked down slightly at the table about two meters long. His face looked awkward and hesitated. Then he opened up. Said: "Teacher, can you change a bigger table?""Huh?" After listening to the words of Jian Chen, the complex reviewer's face looked a little glimpse, and he didn't seem to understand it. "What did you just say?"Looking at this table, which was not very large and had some debris on it, there was a hint of helplessness on the face of the sword dust, because the table was too small and it was almost impossible to fit it. Space belts are filled with magic nuclei."Yes, teacher, can you ask for a bigger table? This table is too small." Jian Chen continued.