Chapter 49 ShockingAfter listening to the words of Jian Chen, among the several trainees behind the sword, in addition to the iron tower, a look of surprise appeared on everyone's faces. The look of Jian Chen’s eyes was full of unspeakable weirdness. And more people are even more skeptical than if their ears were wrong, in their opinion, you pay the magic nucleus and hand it over. Why do you have to manage the size of the desk used by other teachers? It's not okay to find things. What?"Who is that man? I really don't know how to live. I actually asked the teacher to change a desk.....""It's an idiot, dare to be in front of so many people that the desk used by Steve's teacher is too small. Even more incredible is that he actually dares to let Steve's teacher change a desk. God, he actually Dare to pipe Steve's desk. Doesn't he know that Steve is the toughest teacher in our Kargas College?”Many people started talking about sword dust, and he looked at him as if he was watching an idiot.The old man in charge of the review was slightly changed his face, his brow slightly wrinkled, his eyes staring sharply at the sword dust, coldly slammed, and Shen Sheng low shouted: “What's your name, even managed to come to our teacher's head? This table is ready in the morning, but you'll change it when you say it."The words of Jian Chen not only made this complex auditor's teacher angry, but even some of the teachers who were responsible for the review frowned and couldn't help but look into his eyes with an unpleasant look. The words of dust are totally disrespectful to them as teachers.Among them, none of them would think that the reason that Jian Chen asked for a desk was that this table could not put down so many magic nuclei in his space belt.Of course, there are a few teachers who are exceptions. Their faces are very calm. They only have a faint smile on their faces. It is in the second area that they saw the sword dust and the tower hunted a group of blues. Several people of the Garnett.At this time, a very beautiful and long-looking girl who was still behind stood with a pair of bright eyes and stared suspiciously at the figure of Jian Chen. He frowned and looked at it slightly, whispered: “Strange, how do I? I feel a little familiar with his figure. Have I seen somewhere?” The girl’s brow furrowed and she thought hard. Suddenly, the girl’s eyes lit up and a familiar figure suddenly appeared in her mind. At the next moment, the girl's eyes immediately showed a pleasant surprise, and the subconscious shouted: "Changyang Xiangtian, he is Changyang Xiangtian!"The girl's voice did not do any disguise, resulting in many people have heard, but after hearing Changyang Xiang Tian's name, the students around the face is a slight change, and some students who were ignorant of Changyang Xiang Tian life and death I also closed my mouth.Changyang Xiangtian’s name is very famous at the College of Kargas, and almost nobody knows it, nobody knows it, but despite this, people who have met Changyang Xiangtian only have a small part of them. Most of them are still just a few freshmen. At the moment, though the dust from the sword dust is clear and clean on the face, there are still some speckled spots on the top, and the clothes on the body are also tattered. It looks no different from that of the scorpion. In this way, it was almost impossible for him to recognize him unless he was very familiar with it. So he lined up for so long that no one recognized him.When I heard Changyang Xiangtian’s name, the old man in charge of the review was also slightly surprised and could not help but look at the sword dust. Obviously, for the name of Changyang Xiangtian, even the teacher responsible for the review was also Not strange, but despite this, but the sword dust still does not have enough ability to make this teacher according to his words to change a table, the old man responsible for the review slightly opened his mouth, just as he was ready to continue to say something At this time, Bai En, the deputy dean in the first place, suddenly said: "Come on, come and carry a big table!" The assistant dean's face had a slight smile, not because of the sword dust. The words showed dissatisfaction, and he looked into Jian Chen's eyes, but also with a little expectation, it seems that he had guessed why the sword dust asked for a table.Although the age of the assistant dean Bai En looked like he was only 30 or 40 years old, his prestige at the Kagas Academy was very high. He was second only to the dean. When he spoke, the teachers were silent. However, besides a few teachers, the rest of the teachers felt very puzzled by what the vice dean had done. They really did not understand why the deputy dean had to obey a student and canceled the original. Prepare a desk for a bigger one. After all, the desk used by the teacher responsible for the audit is sufficient for the registration of the magic nucleus. There is no need to change another one for a larger one.Soon, a desk that was more than three meters long and two meters wide was lifted up to replace the desk originally used by the teacher responsible for the review."Changyang Xiangtian, now you are satisfied." The teacher responsible for the audit is sitting at the desk of the bigger one. The attitude toward the sword dust is not very friendly. Obviously, the sword dust requires changing the desk. The matter left a very bad impression in the mind of the teacher who seemed to be in his 50s or 60s.Feeling some of the old stereotypes of the old man's own preconceptions, Jian Chen's face could not help showing a trace of wry smile, did not think that because of this matter, actually made a teacher in my heart gave birth to a glimpse of prejudice, this thing completely beyond his expectations , but this sword dust is not too concerned about.Subsequently, the sword dust directly solved his own space belt. He did not take out the magic nucleus one by one as other students did. Instead, he grabbed one hand and grabbed ten or more magic nucleus. Taken out of the space belt, gently placed on the desk, these magic nucleus are all pale white, the size of the head is larger than the circle of the adult's fingers.See Jian Chen dust came out with a single out of 10 magic nuclei, the name of the old man in charge of the review despite the heart of the dust just a little bit dissatisfaction with the sword, but at the moment can not help but secretly nod. However, when the sophisticated auditing old man thought that these magic nuclei were all the magic nuclei that the sword dust could come up with, the hands of the sword dust were once again put into the space belt and continued to grab a large number of magic nuclei. The number of magic nuclei captured this time is also ten.Now, there are twenty magic cores on the desk. To see these twenty magic nuclei, the eye of the old man in charge of the audit suddenly lighted up. He was a little surprised to see the sword dust, in his heart Secretly thought: "This Xiangyang Xiang Xiang really deserved reputation, strength is less than the Holy One, but it can defeat the Holy One, it seems that he really has some real ability."Then, Jian Chen continued to put his hand into the space belt, grabbed a large number of magic nucleus and gently placed it on the table. The hard magic nucleus collided with the wooden table and made a sound, "Hey! "The sound.Looking at the ten magic nuclei that this sword dust once again took out of the space belt, the face of the teacher in charge of the review has undergone subtle changes, and the eyes are even more shocking. Because now the number of magic nucleus that the sword dust has come up to has reached 30, and there are seven more than the monstrous nuclear.A student who was less than a saint could kill thirty first-order World of Warcrafts in the forest in three days. In this performance, even the old man who had seen the storms and waves could not help but feel a trace of dazedness and dare not. Believe. Although these World of Warcraft are relatively low attack power, but for the strength of the students who are at the top ten of the Holy Power, it is definitely not so good to kill.Jian Chen took out thirty magic cores not only surprised the old man who was responsible for the review, but even some of the teachers behind him felt a bit unbelievable. There were only a few teachers and vice presidents who knew the details of the sword. Bai En is still a smiling face. Those trainees who are still waiting in line have long been stunned by the 30 magic nucleus that the sword dust has taken out.The sword dust did not even look at the surprised faces on the faces of the teachers and students. In the eyes of all the people, the hands of the sword dust once again put into the space belt, once again took out a large number of magic nuclei out of light Lightly placed on the table, his actions did not stop afterwards. In the eyes of a group of teachers and students who had become sluggish, his hand once again reached into the space belt and grabbed a magical nucleus.....As the magic nucleus was grabbed by the sword dust from the space belt, soon, a large desk had been completely filled with the magic nucleus. Although these magic nucleus is the same as the first-order magic nucleus, But because of the different size of Warcraft, their size is not the same, the small one is only a little bigger than the thumb's head, but the big one is full of children's fist size.At the moment, both the teachers and the trainees were stunned by the so many magic nuclei that the sword dust had brought out. A man who was obviously less powerful than the saints spent only three days in the forest to hunt and kill them. Hundreds of first-order World of Warcraft, if you say this out, it is estimated that no one will believe it, now, among the teachers and students, in addition to a few people, everyone will not believe that these magic nuclei are sword dust themselves hunting Killing the World of Warcraft, everybody thinks that these magic nuclei in the hands of the sword dust are patched together with the magic nuclei of a lot of people. Or maybe he used some unlucky means to take them. It simply cannot be him. Owned by World of Warcraft.Looking at the hundreds of first-order magic nucleus that fills a table almost immediately in front of him, the old man in charge of the review took a deep breath, although in his heart he has already determined that these magic nucleus sword dust is used in some The dishonorable means were obtained, but he also had to admire the ability of sword dust. As for those disgraceful methods, the college will not intervene because the survival rules on Tianyuan continent are all the same.See Jian Chen actually took out the hundreds of first-order magic nuclei. The face of an unbelievable look was revealed in the face of the assistant dean Bai En sitting in the first place. In his mind, he was very clear that there was no student in the second area. Occurrence of the plundering of the magic nucleus occurs. In this way, it is no doubt that the magic nucleus in the hands of the sword dust has been plundered. In this case, the only explanation left is that it is in the hands of the sword dust. This nearly one hundred first-order magic nucleus is entirely based on their own ability to hunter the World of Warcraft.When this conclusion was reached, the mood of the assistant dean Bai En couldn't help but felt a deep shock. At the same time, he also felt very puzzled. Is it because the two swords and towers hunting the World of Warcraft have nothing to do with themselves? Consumption? Is the Holy Power in their bodies infinite? Can actually kill in the short three days of time so much strength than their own first-order Warcraft.The old man in charge of the review looked a bit complicated and looked at the sword dust. Then he began to count the number of these magic nucleus on the table. He did not ask what way the magic nuclear sword dust was obtained, because this matter was in his mind. A positive conclusion has been drawn.