Chapter 5 Tianyuan Continent ()"Sister safflower, sister Dong Mei, it is hard for you." Watching two young girls aged 18 or younger, Jian Chen said softly.These two girls are the ring of Changyang Fuchu. They are people who specially serve the day-to-day affairs of the sword dust. After the automatic sword dust lived alone in a room, his mother, Pik Wan-day, specifically sent the two maids to serve. Dust.After listening to the words of Jian Chen, two of them smiled sweetly. One of them said: “You must not be so polite. As a ring, these are what we should do.”"Yeah, four young masters, after all, you must not be able to say this. If you let the adults in charge listen to you, we will be subjected to very serious punishment." Another ring also said.Jian Chen slightly smiled and said: "Rest assured, I will not say so in front of outsiders." Jian Chen also very clear, Changyang Fuchu rank concept is very strong, as a dignified Changyang Fuchu four masters, if this sentence is outsiders Hearing, said that these two rings could not be punished.After the wash, Jian Chen left his room and walked toward his mother’s Pik Wan’s room as usual. His mother’s room was not far from his room, only a short distance of more than 20 meters.Just entering the door, Jian Chen saw the mother on the dresser at a glance, and there were two beggars standing next to him."Xiang Er, why come here so early today." On seeing Jian Chen, Pik Wantian's face showed a soft smile, and the look of Jian Chen's eyes was full of love.Looking at the beloved look in the eyes of Pik Wantian, the heart of Jian Chen was completely softened. In the past life, Jian Chen lost his parents from childhood, and he simply did not know what mother love had ever experienced, but he never came to experience it. He really felt the power of maternal love. At the same time, in the heart of Jian Chen, the vaguely cherished the hard-won motherhood.Jian Chen came to Biyuntian and reached out and touched his stomach. He smiled shyly and said: "Hao is hungry!" After that last night's movement, the stomach of Jian Chen is really hungry. Now.Pik Wan-day reached out and touched the head of Jian Chen. He smiled and said, "I will go to the dining hall to have dinner with my mother.""Huh!" Jian Chen nodded slightly, his face showing a trace of satisfaction, but the heart is very much enjoy the mother's care.After a pause, the sword dust again shouted: "Mother!"Pik Wan Tian looked softly at the sword dust and said softly: "Xiang Er, if anything, just say it!"The sword dust hesitated and settled the thoughts in his head. Then he looked at Pik sky with both eyes and said, "Now, can you tell the baby what kind of world is outside?"After listening to this, Pik Wan-tian obviously squatted and then said, “Well, are you interested in the outside world?”"The baby is just curious!" said Jian Chen.Pik Wantian smiled and said, "Xiang Er, the outside world is very vast and complex. It is not clear if we can speak in a few words. If you want to know what kind of world is outside, then it is best to Go to the library and read a book.” Said Pik Wantian's helplessness and said: “But if you don’t know Xiang Zi, you don’t even know one of the words written in the book. ”"Niang, why didn't you send a person to teach me to read?" Jian Chen's voice is a bit dissatisfied.Hearing, Pik Wantian fluttered a smile and said, “You're only two years old now, Xiang Er. The two-year-old boy will begin to read. This girl may never have heard of it, and it’s on our Tianyuan continent. There has never been such a thing. In general, even the earliest literate children have to wait until the age of four or five."The sword dust blew, and then said: "Mother, baby now wants to read, then can you find someone to teach me."After listening to these words, Pik Wantian suddenly stayed a little and even smiled with a smile of happiness: "Xian Er, literacy is a very hard thing, and it's very boring. We must know that there are so many words on our continent. It is not a short time to complete the study. Are you sure you want to start literacy now?"Jian Chen absolutely nodded and said: "Yes!"After getting a positive reply from Jian Chen, the smile on Pik Wantian's face was brighter and brighter. He said, “Since it is Xiang’s initiative, that’s why my mother is very supportive of you.” Then Pik Wantian turned slightly. "Ah, Koyanagi! After the meeting, you'll go and ask the most famous teacher in the city of Lorra to come to the palace. Let him teach me Xiangle to read!""Yes, ma'am!" said the princess who helped Pik Wan to comb her hair respectfully and respectfully."Xian Er, now it's not too early. Let's go to the dining hall, but don't hungry yourself."The day passed quickly. The morning of the next day, Mr. Pik Wan’s mother, Pik Wantian, invited him to come to the house early and began to teach the knowledge of sword dust.Since then, almost all of Daylight’s daytime has been spent in serious literacy. Because sword dust retains the memories of past lives and the spirit is strong before the spirit, it is not difficult for sword dust to recognize the words of this new continent. In particular, under the careful guidance of others, it seemed to be more relaxed, and he had a hard memory that he could hardly forget. So the progress of learning the text was very fast, and it took only a short period of three months. I learned completely about the common language on the mainland.The speed with which the sword dust learns the text is so amazing for the teacher, and immediately after his mother Bi Yuntian knew that the sword dust actually learned the text in just three months, it was even more unbelievable. In the end, it was only after personal tests that they accepted this fact. After all, if you want to acquire all the common words on the mainland, it will take at least one or two years or more to look at the normal speed. In just a few months, it took homework that others had completed in a year or two. It was impossible to accomplish without a genius-wise brain.This matter was quickly known by the father of Chang Chen, the father of Jian Chen. Chang Yang Pa himself came to see him in the room of Jian Chen."Xiang Erh, you have worked hard during this time. Then relax and let the father give you a reward. As you work hard for literacy over the past few months, don't know Xiang you think. What kind of reward?” Chang Yang Pa looked at the sword with a smile and whispered. With such a talented son, he also feels very proud in his heart and naturally becomes more concerned about sword dust.After listening to these words, Jian Chen’s eyes lit up, and he said without hesitation: “Well, it's better to let the children go to the library to read some books. By the way, it can also increase some knowledge.”Chang Yang Pa eyes brightened, looked at Jian Chen's eyes with a hint of relief, laughing: "Of course it's no problem, Xiang Er, you have such a motivated heart, and the father is also happy for you, now I approve After the bookstore, you are free to enter."“Thank you!” Jian Chen’s face also reveals a happy smile and can enter the library. It is also a good thing for Jian Chen. After all, during this time he slowly understood that the bookstore was not accessible by anybody. He must be a disciple who is over six years old to be eligible to enter, of course, if he is allowed by the owner. Not included.Afterwards, Chang Yang Pa left the place again with a warm touch of sword dust. When Chang Yang Pa left, Jian Chen could not sit still. He immediately went out of the room and walked towards the library. After all, these three months came to him. Efforts to read, everything is just to be able to enter the library to read books about the world's details. Although some information about this world, the sword dust can also ask their own mother, but after all, the book records are much more detailed, but also must be more comprehensive, so that the dust will be so valuable to these books.The position of the bookstore was long ago heard, and it was in a high tower in the family's backyard. When the sword dust enters the backyard, he immediately feels that a large number of masters have been hidden in the surrounding areas. His eyes are like snakes and they all fall on their own bodies.The sword dust raised his head high, pretending to go to the front tower, without knowing it. If one knew that he could feel the gaze of those who were in the dark, he would immediately draw a series of Trouble, after all, his current appearance is only a two-year-old child, and he himself does not understand the slightest martial arts.Changyang Fuchu’s ancestral disciples are quite a few, but this bookstore is rarely visited by people. As a result, apart from seeing several guards who are responsible for standing guards, Jian Chen has never seen anyone else.Soon came to the tower of the tower, sword dust stopped, looked up slightly, saw only a very large plaque hung on the entrance to the tower, above the dragon dance is written three characters "library", and in In front of the entrance gate, there are two guards guarding, but Jian Chen saw at a glance that these guards are not weak.Jian Chen went straight to the entrance to the tower, opened the door and went straight in. The two guards guarding the gate did not have any obstacles. They seemed to be standing like a wooden sculpture, standing there straight and motionless. Even when we saw the sword dust, we did not even call a greeting.When the sword dust enters the tower, a long corridor comes into view. At this moment, the outside is bright during the day and the sun is shining. However, in the corridor, it is extremely dark. On the walls on both sides of the corridor, there are intervals. With a fist-sized night pearl, it provides the light here.This corridor is very long. It is estimated that it runs through the tower and divides the tower into two areas. When the sword dust reaches the end of the corridor, it meets two ramps.“The four young masters have orders from the family. You have permission to enter the left area.” At this moment, an old voice sounded. With the voice, a tall figure gradually appeared in the darkness.Hearing the sound, Jian Chen’s intention to turn around and see, although the light here is very dark, but it can clearly see the face of the man in the dark, I saw it was a very old old man, with white hair , And an old face is full of wrinkles, wearing a fine old gray robe, and a pair of eyes are bland, giving a feeling is a very ordinary old man.Although the old man looks very ordinary no matter what, but Jian Chen can not underestimate the old man, he can clearly feel that this old man is a very powerful master, but also he came to the world Since then, the most powerful person ever seen, even if his father Chang Yang Pa, is far from being able to compare with the old man.