Chapter 50 Hundreds of first-order magic nucleusThe magic nucleus was quickly counted. The old man in charge of the review said: “This is a total of 98 magic nuclei. This is your space belt. Now return the college’s space belt to the college.” The old man took out an emerald green space belt and handed it to Jian Chen. This was the same belt that he had given him when he left Changyang.Jian Chen looked at his own space belt that belonged to the Academy and hesitated. Then he said, "Teacher, this is for your time and it's your belt. I'll be returning to the college after this review is over. Space belt."Heard that the old man's brow was a slight sensation and asked, "Why!" Perhaps because the sword dust alone had harvested nearly one hundred magic nuclei, the attitude of the old man to the sword dust has become apparent. The change."Teacher, I have a second-order magic nucleus in this space belt. I will also participate in the review of the second-order magic nucleus at the meeting." The Jianchen tone said faintly, now only the first-order magic nucleus is reviewed, and the second-order magic nucleus is Wait until the review of the first-order magic core is completed."Well, what? Do you still have second-order magic nucleus?" Hearing that, in the old man's eyes, a look of disbelief could not be seen. Looking into Jian Chen's eyes was full of doubts. Not only was he, even the rest of the teachers sitting on the high platform had the same expression as him.Jian Chen nodded slightly and said: "Yes, teacher!"After listening to these words, the old man took a deep breath and looked at Jian Chen's eyes for the first time. He became solemn. At this moment, he realized that he had previously looked down on Chang Yang Xiangtian who had some rumors in the college. , but he did not spend much time on this matter, waved and said: "Well, put these magic nuclei together, you continue to participate in the second round of audit."Afterwards, Jian Chen put the hundreds of magic nuclei on the table back into the space belt and left the high platform. However, now the teachers on the platform and the students around them have completely seen the sight of Jian Chen. In the complicated eyes, there was no lack of expressions with jealousy and envy, and some disdainful eyes.After leaving the platform, Jian Chen did not return to the crowd but came to the group of people who were waiting to review the second-order magic nucleus. Regarding the arrival of sword dust, except for a few people who had grown up with Changyang Tigers, these students who were waiting for the review of the magic nucleus and who were all promoted to the holiest were present with a look of surprise and confusion. In the third area, they did not meet the sword dust. Obviously for a person who is less powerful than the Holy One, he is actually very curious to pay the second-order magic nucleus. They are really hard to believe that Jian Chen actually dared to infiltrate the third area to hunter the second-order World of Warcraft, and he also harvested at least two. The second-order magic nucleus.Behind the sword dust is the iron tower. After Jian Chen walks off the high platform, the tower also comes to the teacher responsible for the review.It is no longer a secret that the tower is now the president of the Cagasus College. So all the teachers in the college knew the tower. At the sight of the tower, the old man in charge of the audit could not help but smiled and said: “The tower I don't know how you got this time."The tower laughed and did not say anything. After learning the appearance of the sword dust, he reached into the space belt and grabbed a large number of magic nucleus. He gently placed it on the desk, due to the relatively large size of the tower's palms. There are fourteen five out of four.Looking at the fourteen five magic nuclei on the table, the old man in charge of the review showed a slight smile on his face and said in his heart: "It is worthy of the dean's fancy, although it looks a bit fiddleheaded and lacks a sense of savvy, but he The talent is amazing."After taking out fourteen five magic nuclei, the action of the pylons did not stop for a moment. The palms grabbed the magic nuclei that had been put into the space belt. Gradually, in the eyes of a teacher and a student, they looked at the table with astonishment. The magic nucleus has been more and more, there are dozens of full.When the Tower took out hundreds of magic nucleus, it finally stopped and watched so many magic nucleuses he had harvested. The tower smiled happily and said: “Teacher, this is the magic nucleus that I harvested. ."At this moment, the teachers and students around were shocked and could not speak. It was full of incredible looks in the eyes of the hundreds of magic nuclei placed on the table.The old man in charge of the examination took a deep breath. He took a deep look at the tower and slowly said: "Okay, well, the tower. You did a good job and did not shame your master." Then, the old man bowed his head. Began to count down the number of magic nuclei, he did not ask the way the magic nucleus in the tower was obtained through what means. In his mind, the means to obtain the magic nucleus of the tower has been associated with sword dust.Soon the old man counted down the number of magic nucleus, and said: "There are a total of 97 magic nuclei here." Then, the old man used pens to record his ability.After the records were made, the old man took out a few gems from the bottom of the table. The black space belt and the badge of honor, which were exquisitely crafted, were handed to the tower. “The iron tower, this is the space belt that you keep here and Belong to your badge of honor, put the magic nuclei together, and then return the college’s space belt to the college.”At first glance, he knew that it was an advanced space belt or an iron tower that became the apprentice of the Dean of the Cadagas College. The dean gave it to him. Otherwise, with a child born from a civilian family, it is impossible to wear a space belt as a high-level prop. Although space belts are common on the Tianyuan continent, they are not something that civilians can own.The tower’s eyes stayed on the black space belt and shook his head. “Teacher, this is the first place to be kept with you in the space belt. There are second-order magic nucleus in my hand.”"What! You also have second-order magic nucleus in your hand?" Heard, the old man in charge of the review showed a very surprised look, faint with a bit of unbelievable.Listening to the Tower, some of the judging teachers sitting on the high platform could not help but stare at each other, and a look of disbelief appeared in their eyes. They did not expect that even after the sword dust, there were students who were less powerful than the Holy One. There is a second-order magic nuclear harvest.The old man in charge of the audition hesitated slightly and then said, “Is not you ever been to the third area?” Although the old man asked this matter beyond his duties, he couldn’t help himself. The strong curiosity, although he had guessed one or two in his heart, but he did not get the exact situation from the mouth of the iron tower, he was not sure.The tower nodded slightly and said snoringly: "Well, I've been to the third area."The old man in charge of the review continued to ask: “Is that second-order magic core you got from hunting the World of Warcraft?” Although the old man’s words have exceeded his duties, none of them have come out to stop because he’s not only I am extremely curious about this matter, and even all the teachers in High Taichung are so. They all want to know the exact answer."There is a part of me and Changyang Xiangtian who hunted the World of Warcraft." The Tower did not hide anything, but only half said it.Wen Yan, the old man's eyes revealed an unbelievable look and shouted: "What! You say that you and Changyang Xiang Tian can kill two second-order World of Warcraft."The tower nodded and said, "Yes."This answer surprised all the teachers on the high stage and was more unbelievable. The two people who are not even strong enough to join together can actually kill second-order Warcraft. This matter is at the Carcass College. Since its establishment, this is the first time it has happened.Afterwards, the pagoda packed its own magic nucleus and stepped off the high platform and came to the crowd waiting to review the second-order magic nucleus, standing behind the sword dust, but now the sword dust and the iron tower have become the most in the field. The people who are eye-catching, and the people who stand behind those who failed in their missions look into the eyes of the sword dust and the tower, they are even more embarrassed. Many of them were escaping from the first-order World of Warcraft in the second zone. They did not expect that their strength was not much stronger than them. Both the Dust and the Tower could not only harvest hundreds of first-order devils in the second area. Nuclear, but also the second-order magic nucleus, which makes them feel very unbalanced in mind, and many old students are even more ashamed at this time.Soon, the review of the first-order magic nucleus was completed. In the first-order magic nucleus, the most powerful weapon was the sword dust, a total of 98, and the iron tower ranked second in the number of sword dust less than one. The difference between the magic nucleus they harvested and the third-placed actress was several times larger.In the crowd, Wu Tian eyes flashed with strange eyes on the sword dust and the iron tower. He murmured with only the voice that he could only hear: “The iron tower, Changyang Xiangtian, really deserved reputation, and it’s true that they can overcome the Holy Spirit. The master figures really want to find a chance to discuss with both of you."Although it was robbed of the limelight by the Jian Chen Dust Tower and the Iron Tower, there was no dissatisfaction in the face of Mutian. His face was quite calm and it was only a trivial matter for him. Likely, it did not affect him at all.At this time, Changyang Tiger came to the front of the sword with a look of excitement, whispered: "Four younger brothers, you two are really too perverted, in the three days of time, actually everyone has harvested Nearly one hundred magic nuclei.” Chang Yang Tiger's tone with unspeakable excitement, look to Jian Chen's eyes full of pride.Jian Chen smiled slightly and said nothing. Suddenly, Jian Chen’s eyes were slightly condensing and he seemed to feel something. When he looked back, he saw a young man with a shabby face and eyes staring at him with a vicious look. The intense murderousness in his eyes was undisguised. The sharpness of the eyes makes the sword dust frown.However, when the sword dust carefully looked at the appearance of the young man, the heart immediately relieved, he was in the forest by the sword dust searched all the magic nuclear Luo Jian, Luo Jian was not only the hands of the magic nucleus was a row of sword dust A person who did not stay away took it all, and was also seriously injured. Although he was not loud in action, when he had completely lost his combat effectiveness, the group of people behind them simply did not have enough power to snatch other people's demons. Nuclear and hunting of the World of Warcraft, so Luo Jian and his party's mission is to end in failure.Jian Chen's face revealed a touch of faint smile, his eyebrows with a trace of disdain, did not put Luo Jian at heart, for people such as Luo Jian, sword dust in the previous life when walking in the rivers and lakes to see more, but among them There are few people who can truly turn up the storm.The second round of the magic nuclear audit began soon. Those who completed the mission to the Holy Ones in turn went toward the high stage, but two of them were exceptions, except for the strength of the sword dust and the iron tower. To the saints, the strength of all others reached the stage of the saint.The teacher who reviews the second-order magic core is still the old man. The speed of the review is very fast. Because there are robbers and monsters everywhere in the third area, the magic cores obtained by hundreds of students are all concentrated in the end. In the hands of these thirty or forty people, the magic nucleus in each of them was far more than two, and many people had more than ten second-order magic nucleuses. There are no more people with magic nuclei.