Chapter 51. The fourth-order magic nucleus (1)Soon, more than a dozen people had already been audited. At this time, it was the turn of an extraordinary young man. Though the young man's image seemed very embarrassed, the proud look in the eyebrows was still not. Minutes, the young people came to the desk and quickly took out a large number of magic nuclei out of the space belt and placed it on the desk.The old man in charge of the review clearly knew the young man. After counting the magic nucleus on the table, he said in a rather admirable tone: “There are a total of 93 in this area. Yes, it’s Ming Xiang, your score. very good."As soon as I heard Cheng Mingxiang's name, the eyes of the tower lining up at the end of the train suddenly brightened, and a pair of eyes were full of war-like looks. Standing at the desk was passing the magic nuclear audit Mingxiang Xiang, for the last time that has not yet hit After the end of the battle, the tower has always been obsessed with mind, when he is not strong today, especially in the forest after three days with World of Warcraft to kill, after some pointers along the side of the sword dust, the tower is now fighting power than that day He is stronger than one. He believes that with his current strength and some of the fighting experience he has learned, even if the strength of the Holy Spirit is not as good as Ming Xiang, but with his strength and strength, he will never lose.Although the tower looks rude, but he also understands that this time is not the time to compete with Mingxiang Xiang, so only angrily staring at Ming Xiang's back looked awkwardly, and finally slowly pressured his thoughts and ideas Ming Xiang's fierce desire for a war.Listening to the admiration of the old man, Cheng Xiangxiang smiled on his face, and his eyes showed a glimmer of pride and pride.The old man in charge of the audit wrote down the book with his pen and continued: "The 93 second-order magic nucleus, um! If there is no accident, among the top three of the second-order magic nucleus, there must be Your quota, and with your cultivation aptitude, will be unlimited in the future and work hard.”"Thank you, Steve teacher!"The old man’s praised words made the proud look on Mingxiang’s face more concentrated.Later, after Ming Xiang returned the space belt belonging to the Academy, he received his medal of honor and left the high platform.After Ming Xiangxiang left, another student with a similarly tattered clothes came to the desk and took out a lot of magic nucleus directly from the space belt. The number of appearances was not less than what Ming Xiangxiang had harvested. How many.The old man in charge of the examination smiled and nodded. His eyes set aside on the face of the young man. Slowly, he said, “Yes, Huang Dong. It seems that your harvest is very good this time.”At the time of hearing Huang Dong’s name, many colleges under the High Court have all exclaimed. Jian Chen looks a slight move, eyes suddenly fell on the name of the youth who is no stranger to the name of the sword dust Huang Dong, the strength of the top ten in the Kagasse College ranked third, I heard that his strength has been reached last year The Holy One is at its peak, only one step away from the Holy One, and once it has successfully broken into the Holy One, it means graduation.The ten masters of the College of Kargas include the ten most powerful students. All of them have reached the summit of the saints and are only one step away from the Holy One. Once the power reaches the stage of the Holy One, , it will be out of the scope of the top ten masters.For the praise of the old man, Huang Dong only smiled and said nothing.Soon, the old man had already finished counting the magic nucleus on the table. Huang Dong had collected a total of 95 magic nuclei, two more than Ming Xiang.After Huang Dong left Gaotai, he again appeared several names on the list of top ten players. The magic nucleus they had harvested was almost ten, and the top ten players ranked first in Bugatti. Seoul even harvested 103 magic nuclei. However, among the top ten people in the list, only four people completed the task. The remaining six were all eliminated in the mission. They all encountered the same level of their own people and lost a large number of people. Give each other, and the magic nuclei in the hands was also snatched.Soon, the people who are still on the top ten in the queue have already gone down. The people behind are some of the types that are well known in the college. And at this time, the number of people in front of the magic core is paid. Ranked first in the list of the top ten players - Bugatti, Bugatti ranked first in the number of 103.The second place is Jing Mingyue, which is ranked fifth among the top ten masters. It is also the only woman on the list of the top ten masters in the College of Carcass. There are a total of one hundred and one nucleus. It ranked second in terms of the number of differences compared to Bugatti.Ranked third is Ming Xiangxiang, he has harvested a total of 93 magic nuclei, although Ming Xiang is not on the list of the top ten masters, but the strength itself has also been advanced to the saints, and in the College of Kargas The master who is also the highest player in the rankings, even if compared with the top ten players, is not much weaker, and Ching Ming Cheong, who is known as a practicing genius at the Kargas College, is not only fast at the training speed, but also has many people. And even his fighting power can not be ignored.When the three of them left, all the people had already thought that the top three of the second-order magic nucleus was none other than their own, because the people who were still in the queue at the moment were some people who were not well-known in the city of Kargas, and they all had strength. The level of the primary saints and middle-level saints cannot naturally be compared with them.The four people of Changyang Tiger had snatched a lot of magic nuclei together with Jian Chen. Although the four of them had a total of only half of the total number, they each had about thirty or forty hands. It's very plentiful, and when it comes to the strength of several of them, it's a good thing, after all, they only have the power of the junior sage.Soon, all the students who had attained the power of the saints had been reviewed. Although they also had a large number of magic cores, no one could surpass the top three. Now, there are only two sword dust and iron towers left.At this moment, both the teachers on the high stage and the students underneath, all eyes fall on the two swords and dusts. These two strengths are less than the Holy Ones, but they can kill the second-order World of Warcraft. The ambiguity and unbalanced psychology, at this moment, all people are conjectured that the two of them have yet to condense the rebirth of the sacred soldiers. How many magic nucleuses are in the end? Of course, no one will put both the sword dust and the iron tower together. The magic nucleus that is harvested is compared with those old people. Both think that the two-man magic nucleus possessed by them will not be too much.Jian Chen came to the old man responsible for the review, and solved his own space belt. At this time, the old man in charge of the review looked to Jian Chen's eyes with a look of praise, and in his mind the stereotypes of the sword dust had disappeared without a trace, although he had already found the sword in his heart. The second-order magic nucleus on the dust will never exceed ten, but with the strength of both of them less than the Holy One will be able to enter the third area to kill the second-order World of Warcraft, this alone makes this responsible for the review The old man had to admire the sword and dust. After all, he hunted the second-order World of Warcraft with less than the power of the Holy One. This was definitely the first time that happened at Kargath Academy.At this time, some of the sullen teachers who sat on the high tables could not help but mention the spirit. They looked at each other with their eyes and eyes.Dust-dust eyes gidgyly glanced at the teachers who were sitting around. When he discovered that the teacher's eyes were sparklingly annotating themselves, the dull face could not help but notice a smile that was not easily noticeable. In the space belt, grab a large number of second-order magic nucleus and place it directly on the table, full of stars.When we saw the second-order magic nucleus that the sword dipped out, many teachers on the high stage had a look of surprise and unbelievable look. Obviously, this number has exceeded the expectations of the vast majority of them. After all, Second-order World of Warcraft and first-order World of Warcraft compared, the strength of the gap is very large, according to their original idea, Jian Chen has three or four second-order magic nucleus is already great enough, but did not expect the second-order devil in his hands The number of cores is as high as one.Then, without waiting for more ideas in their minds, Jian Chen once again grabbed a large number of second-order magic nucleus from the space belt.Now, there are more than a dozen second-order magic nucleus on the table. This number is enough to match the achievement of some students who have achieved the power of the Holy One for three days.Seeing this scene, the faces of all the teachers on the high stage are showing incredible looks. Even the old man who is responsible for reviewing the magic nuclei is utterly speechless by the dozens of magic nuclei that the sword dust has brought out. Although there are only a dozen second-order magic nucleus, the strong impact that this brings to the hearts of the teachers is even stronger than before the sword dust paid hundreds of first-order magic cores. After all, these dozen or more second-order magic nucleuses were taken from a student who was less than a saint.At this moment, all the teachers suddenly realized that if these dozen magic cores were all removed from the second-order World of Warcraft that he personally killed, then his future achievements...When one thinks that the second-order World of Warcraft can be hunted by less than the power of the Holy One, and that one kill is more than ten, the hearts of those teachers feel unbelievable.In the first position, the assistant dean Bai En showed a gratifying smile on his face and murmured, "Yeah, yes, very good. I just don't know that among the dozen second-order magic cores, there are a few of them that are based on your own. The strength to hunted World of Warcraft, and will see a good investigation."After taking out more than a dozen second-order magic nuclei, the action of Jian Chen did not stop there. His hand reached into the space belt again and he was caught by a second-order magic nuclei. Afterwards, the sword dust continued to move, and in all the teachers' unbelievable and horrified eyes, the second-order magic nucleus of various sizes was successively taken out of the space belt and the table was occupied. full.Looking at the second-order magic nucleus that has been piled up on the desk, all the teachers on the high stage were caught in a sluggish state. Even the audience was under the sharp eye, and the students’ faces on the desk were also incredible. The look seems to have seen something incredible.The old man in charge of the review took a deep breath, forcibly depressed the consternation in his heart and calmed himself down. These magical nucleus on the table was not seen in his life, but was even higher than this level, and the number was greater. He has seen many nuclear, but the significance of these second-order magic nuclei is not something that can be said about ordinary things.The old man in charge of the review looked deeply at the sword dust, and then looked down at the magic core on the table. Soon the magic core was counted, but now the look of the old man's face has been covered with a shock and can not believe that the mood just calmed down once again uncontrollably, he sat at the desk, It is impossible to report the number of these magic nucleuses.After a few breaths, finally, the assistant dean Bai En, who sat in the first place, couldn't help but said, "Steve, it's not enough to report the number of magic nuclei." The voice of Vice President Bai En's voice was a little quivering and Excited, but his face is very calm.After listening to the vice president, the old man who took the test took a deep breath before opening his mouth loudly: “Changyang Xiangtian has harvested 118 stars of the second-order magic nucleus.”