Chapter 52 The fourth-order magic nucleus (II)The old man in charge of the review just fell apart and immediately heard that everyone had sucked a cold air. Then the audience suddenly became silent, and even a needle dropped on the ground could be clearly heard.This figure even the assistant dean Bai En sitting in the first place could not speak words of surprise, eyes staring at the table a lot of second-order magic nuclei, his face looked shocked. This figure has already surpassed Bugatti, who had previously ranked No. 1 in the Magic Nuggets.After a long time, one of the students couldn't help but screamed loudly at the opening. “Impossible. This is absolutely impossible. He who is not even a holy person can possibly harvest so much magic in the third area. Nuclear is more than a dozen more than Bugatti, who is ranked number one in the top 10 in the college. This is absolutely impossible. These magic nucleus must be brought in from the outside."One stone provoked thousands of waves. With this student's words, more and more opposition voices followed. The sword dust harvested nearly one hundred first-order magic nuclei has already made many people feel jealous and very unbalanced. Not to mention that at the moment, he actually took out one hundred and eighteen second-order magic nucleus again, which was even more numerous than the first-order magic nucleus. This made it unacceptable to all students.In the audience, Bugatti, who is currently ranked No. 1 among the top ten players in the Kagas Academy, looked at the back of Jian Chen with a shock. He murmured: “How could he gain even if the strength is not even the Holy One? With so many second-order magic nucleuses, isn't the magic nucleus in his hands really taken from the outside?” Bugatti’s heart could not help but gave birth to this idea, but he was even denied by him because before he entered the forest The college has already seized space props from all the trainees who can carry items. It has also undergone rigorous inspections. Even the forest has only one entrance. There is no chance to bring in the magic core from outside.And even if he could really bring in the magic nucleus from the outside, Bugatti believed that no one would use such a stupid one-time comet with more than one hundred second-order magic nucleus, because this will inevitably cause the entire college to be shocked. Certainly will send people to investigate this matter.Not far away, even though one of the clothes on her body was extremely tattered, a young girl with a very beautiful appearance looked at the back of sword dust standing on a high platform. She murmured: “How could he not be a saint? The new students can actually obtain more than one hundred second-order magic nucleus." The young girl's soft and pleasing voice is full of shock and incredible.On the other side, when he heard the old man responsible for the review declaring the number of magical nuggets he had harvested from the sword dust, Ming Xiang also showed a wide open mouth with a blank face. He could not believe the dust on the platform standing on his face but could not believe it, but then The face became gloomy and completely replaced by anger, because the number of monsters that hunted the World of Warcraft to harvest the magic nucleus was rewarded in the top three, although this reward was not placed on the children who were born in the big family. In the eyes, but for them, it is an honor to represent, a symbol of strength. Ming Xiang was ranked third, but it was such a dose of Jian Chen that he took him hard. Giving out the ranks of the top three made him very angry in his heart, and what he could not accept was that the sword dust was less powerful than the Holy One.“Changyang Xiangtian.....” In a flash, Ming Xiang’s face has become extremely gloomy. Looking at Jian Chen's eyes is full of spite.In the crowd, Luo Jian also looked so gloomy that his eyes were full of vicious views of the sword dust on the high stage. He looked at the fierce gaze and seemed to want to obstinately eat the sword dust.Although the strength of Jian Chen is now weak, his "God" is very powerful. If he uses ordinary eyes to notice that he may not be sensed by him, he can immediately look at him with a particularly fierce gaze. He will let his spirits feel, so Luo Jianhe and Cheng Mingxiang’s eyes full of grievances are sensed by the sword dust for the first time. The sword dust will return slightly, relying on the direction of his powerful God, it is very easy. It was found Luo Jian drowned in the crowd.Looking at Luo Jian's look of gloomy expression, sword dust grinned, and did not mind, he snatched Luo Jian’s magic nugget in the hands, so that he could not complete the task, but also wounded him. It is normal for him to have resentment in his heart.However, when the sword dust fell on Ming Ching-sang's body, the brow wrinkled slightly, and his face showed a hint of helplessness. There was no hatred between him and Cheng Mingxiang. The last time he was outside the library and presented The small friction that Ming Xiang had made was not enough to make him have such a great resentment for himself, and the biggest reason was that he had pushed him out of the top three.After all, being able to achieve the top three results in the competition among students of the entire university is a great honor for them. Especially for those disciples born in noble families, this honor can literally increase their identities. Times.If any of the other top ten players on the list had pushed Cheng Mingxiang out of the top three, he would never feel any unhappiness in his mind, but this time it wasn’t the top ten who pushed him down the list. However, it was only one person who had never been looked at by him and was not a new student of the Holy Spirit. This made him feel a humiliation in the heart of Ming Xingxiang, who is known as a practicing genius in the College of Kargath. He did not expect a student to enter school soon. The freshmen all rode to his head, causing him to resent resentment of the sword dust.Although there is an iron tower, but the tower is the apprentice of the dean adults, despite Ming Shih-ching behind him, when they did not dare to offend the president.The old man in charge of the review took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. He looked deep into the sword dust and smiled and said: "Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​you really shocked me too much. I didn't think that you did not. The strength of the Holy One can actually harvest so many second-order magic nucleus. This has already surpassed Bugatti, which is now ranked No. 1 in the Magic Nuclear Harvest. It looks like this is the first place. It is no longer yours.” At the same time, the old man handed him the space belt that was more of a sword dust and a medal of honor.Jian Chen chuckled, reaching for the old man's handed items, said: "The teacher said heavy, who belongs to the first name in the end is still not sure about it, after all, there is an iron tower behind me, the body of his devil No less than I can approve.” Then, Jian Chen completely removed the magic core placed in the space belt.After hearing the words of Jian Chen, the old man took a long look at Jian Chen and smiled and kept silent.When the sword dust took the second-order magic core on the table into its own space belt, it immediately fell off the high platform. Afterwards, the tower also came to the desk and brought out all the second-order magic cores in its own space belt.After all, the tower was entered into the third zone with Jian Chen and the magical nuclei were all equally distributed. Therefore, the number of magic nuclei in his space belt was almost the same as that of sword dust. Finally, the old man responsible for the inspection made an inventory, and the tower’s There are a total of 127 pieces of second-order magic nucleus, only one less than the sword dust.When the old man in charge of auditing the nuclear core announced the second-order magic nucleus possessed by the tower, the teachers and students were once again shocked and could not speak.In the audience, Jing Mingyue, who is ranked fifth in the top ten of the Kargas Academy, stood with a dull look. His eyes were a bit of a loss. She was already ranked second and she was actually suddenly given two freshmen. Squeezing it down, this result made her somewhat unacceptable. After all, those magic nucleus but she spent a lot of effort to get it, she really can not imagine, two only this year before entering the school, and the strength has not yet been promoted to the saint's new life in the end How to harvest so many magic nuclei.At this time, a very beautiful and pretty young girl came to Jing Mingyue in front of her, and she reached out and kissed her waist with a kiss. He smiled and said: “Secret sister, I didn't expect it. You would have been ranked second in the two. New students who entered school this year only squeezed."Hearing, Jing Mingyue sighed and smiled. "I didn't expect that the new students who are not even the strength of the two saints actually have so many magic nuclei, and they are the first masters of Bajadir in our Kargath Academy. Hardly pushed into the third place, I really do not know how the magic nucleus in their hands came from, is it really not brought in from the outside."After listening to this, the girl giggled and said, "Secret sister, you can guess wrong. I believe that those second-order magic nuclei are based on their strength. It is not what you imagined to be brought in from outside. of."The girl's words left Jing Mingyue with a look on her face. Then she turned her head and looked puzzled at the girl. Curiously said, "Little Yue, why do you say that?"The girl mysteriously smiled, and a proud look appeared on her face. Then she said a low voice and said: “Jing Jie, I met them both in the second area and spent a day with them. You should never underestimate them. Two of them, they are very powerful, especially the Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​holding a broken iron bar actually several times is a blow to kill the first-order World of Warcraft, directly pierced the throat of Warcraft."Really?" A look of surprise in Jing Mingyue's eyes was obviously not convincing."That's of course. This is what I see with my own eyes. There will be no fake." The young girl said with high confidence and said with certainty; "Ah, we met with more than 20 blue wolf attacks that night. They The two men killed all twenty wolfs without any effort.”"What did you say that they both killed more than 20 green wolfs?" After listening to this, Jing Mingyue's face could no longer hang, revealing a horrified look, even though her strength reached the highest level. However, faced with more than twenty first-order World of Warcraft also fled after that, not to mention killing.The girl nodded and nodded. "Yes, Jingjie, that's what I saw with my own eyes. Although Changyang Xiangtian and the Tower have not yet condensed their sacred soldiers, their strength is no worse than that of the Holy One. So, ah, I'm sure that the magic nucleus in their hands is not brought in from outside."After listening to these words, Jing Mingyue bowed his head and meditated. She did not show her dissatisfaction with being pushed out of the top three by Jian Chen. From this point one can see that Jing Mingyue’s heart is not narrow.After the magic nuclear audit was completed, an award ceremony was held immediately. The event ranked first in the ranking of first-order magic nuclei and second-order magic nuclei, all of which received the same reward. The first prize was a fourth-order magic nuclei. And a Medal of Honor made entirely of Zijin, the second and third prizes are a third-order magic nucleus and a badge of honor entirely made of gold.Although these badges are not worth the money, the significance they represent is extraordinary. Even the noble children who have some power behind them are very jealous of these badges of honor.The Dust and Iron Towers were ranked in the top two by the number of first-order magic nuclei and second-order magic nuclei, so both of them received double rewards, and they ranked third in the first-order magic nuclear. Is still the screen days, the second-order magic nuclear ranked third in the top ten of Cadillac college top scorer Bugatti.After the award ceremony was over, two fist-sized magic nucleus were already in the hand of the sword dust, and the energetic and pure energy in the fourth-order magic nucleus was felt. The face of the sword dust could not help but reveal a hint of happy smile. The two fourth-order magic nucleus, plus a total of 200 one- and two-stage magic nucleus in the space belt, was enough for him to use for a long time. According to Jian Chen’s estimation, at least in a year, he was Don't worry about the magic nucleus.