Chapter 53 Promotion to the Holy SpiritAfter the award ceremony was over, thousands of students on the playground walked away in an instant, scattered, disappeared and clean. These three days of fighting in the forest and Warcraft, almost all students are affected by the severity of One of the injuries, now the end of the award ceremony, everyone returned to their dorms to rehabilitate the injury, and those who still stay on the playground, almost all those who gave up in advance of the task, a good student.However, after this incident, the reputation of Jian Chen and the Tower in the College of Kargas has suddenly risen to a peak, and it has become the largest celebrity in the College of Cadenza. He can be heard from almost everywhere. The topic of the two.At the end of the award ceremony, the three people of Jian Chen and the tower and the big brother of Changyang Hu hurried farewell and returned to their dorms to nurse their injuries.Located in the center of the college, there is a high tower with a foot area of ​​100 meters. At the top of the tower, Bai Enzheng, a deputy dean, stands in the center of the room with respectful respect. In front of him, Dean of the College of Kargas A faint smile on his face lay leisurely at his desk, and his deep eyes were filled with happiness and excitement."Bai Enh, it seems that this time we at Carcass College really had a genius." The director was full of happy smiles and his voice was filled with excitement.Deputy Dean Bai En nodded and said with a smile: "You are wrong, Dean adults, this time we are not only a genius, but two. We are Changyang Xiangtianhe. Tower."Hearing, the dean shook his head slightly and smiled and said: "Yes, the tower's talent is indeed very high, and it also has the advantage of natural divine power, but compared with Changyang Xiangtian, it is too far."After listening to these words, the face of the assistant dean Bai En showed a surprised look, wondering: "Master dean, why do you say so."Dean long sighed and said: "You must not underestimate Changyang Xiangtian, he is not simple, no wonder Changyangfu Chang old man praised him again and again."“Actually, yesterday afternoon, when I received Changyang Xiangtian and the Tower to kill a second-order World of Warcraft in the third area, I had already passed by myself and secretly observed both of them. There is no promotion to the Holy One, but the fighting ability cannot be overlooked. In particular, Changyang Xiangtian, with a broken iron bar in the third zone, is almost invincible. The speed of the shot is not only extremely fast but also very accurate. The experience is not as rich as a teenager who is only fifteen, but is more like a person who has experienced warfare. The second-order magic nucleus that died in the hands of both of them is almost always Chang Yangxiang. Tianyi killed it, but the tower only played a role."After listening to this speech, Vice President Bai En revealed an incredible look on his face and said: “The Dean, Changyang Xiang has what you said so naively?”The superintendent nodded and said, "If I didn't see it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe that a fifteen-year-old would actually have such great strength. The most important thing is the rich fighting experience and combat skills. This is not what you want to learn. You can't master these things simply because you haven’t experienced it. No wonder the old man always praises Chang Yang Xiangtian. He really has a very high talent. It seems that these things are all The old man taught him."Hearing the words, the face of the deputy dean Bai En revealed a hint of relief. "There are often great people who teach. It is difficult for Changyang Xiang to think of no one after the day."The dean nodded slightly and said: “Although the old man teaches on the side, if he himself does not have super talent, even if the old man is teaching him how to teach him, he will learn nothing, if not Changyang Xiangtian is the fourth of Changyang Fuchu. Master, I really want to take him as my disciple. After all, such geniuses are rare, but if it can grow up in the future, it will be a blessing to My Gerson.After the award ceremony, Jian Chen regained a school uniform and then took a bath and washed all the dirt that had been contaminated by the forest in the past few days. Then he put on the new school uniform and refreshed. In the dorms, although these three days in the forest were fighting almost all the time, they did not show a tired look on his face. In the past life, the more brutal things than sword dust had experienced.After returning to the dorm, Jian Chen sat down on the bed directly and cross-legged with both hands, each holding a first-order magic nuclei and began to practice. Although the strength of the sword dust has now reached the ten-story peak of the Holy Power, he clearly feels. The Holy Power in your body has not yet reached saturation.As the energy in the magic nucleus is continuously absorbed by the sword dust, the Holy Power in the sword dust also grows at a rapid rate. Its cultivation speed is ten times faster than he absorbs the strength of the world.In the ensuing three days, in addition to eating, Jianchen spent all his time in the dormitory. After three days of cultivation, the Holy Power in his body had reached a saturated state. No matter how the sword dust absorbs at the moment, The energy in the magic nucleus and the Holy Power in the body will not continue to grow.The sword dust is clear that he should now strike the Holy One and condense the sacred soldier. Otherwise, the Holy Power within him will stop there forever.For the condensing of the sacred soldiers, the steps and methods of becoming saints have been clearly understood from the library of the college. It is to use ideas to unite all the holy forces in the body and slowly form a kind of weapon. In the end, it blends in perfectly with one's own "God," and is perfectly combined. Once the power of the Holy Spirit in the body is completely united into a weapon, it is officially a saint.The sword dust did not stop for a moment. A fourth-order magic nucleus appeared in the arms of the space belt in preparation for the need. Then it immediately began preparing to condense the sacred soldiers and strike the Holy One.The power of the Holy Spirit of Dan Tiantan was firmly controlled by his powerful “god”. In front of his powerful “god”, the sword dust had absolute control over the power of his sanctuary in Dantian. The movement of the sword and dust, controlling all the powers of the entire sage in the field, slowly gathered together, then slowly formed a sword, and finally began to compress slowly.The powerful god of sword dust was brought in from the previous life. When he was born, it was far more than ordinary people. Before his powerful God, the power of the Holy Spirit in him was not able to react to the power of the weak. The mighty god of sword dust puts a death to death and then continues to compress it according to the sword-shaped model formed by the Holy Power.As the power of the Holy Scriptures is constantly being compressed, the strength of the Holy Spirit that is originally filled with the entire Dantian is also rapidly decreasing. Nevertheless, the strength of the Holy Spirit in the body is constantly increasing. The sword formed entirely by the Holy Power gradually became clear. It finally became a very small sword plate and was found inside the Dantian.At the same time, sword dust also absorbed.Although Jian Chen has successfully gathered all the Holy Powers of the body into one sword, it does not mean that he has already been promoted to the Holy Spirit. Now it is still the last and the most difficult step. It is this. One step, blocking many people on the Tianyuan continent will not be able to qualify for the Holy Spirit during their lifetime.This last step is to integrate some of his own gods into the sword that is completely condensed by the power of the Holy Spirit in Dantian and establish a spiritual connection. At the same time, this god of silk must be completely matched with the sacred soldier in the body. It is easy to integrate this step. In fact, it is very difficult to do it.Although this step is very difficult in the eyes of ordinary people, it is very powerful for God and it is not difficult to use the comfortable sword dust. The sword dust directly divides one of his gods into Dantian. In the sacred soldier condensed by the Holy Power, and then under his skillful control, this blasphemy god quickly associates with the sacred soldier, and finally fully integrates with the sacred soldiers and no longer separates them from each other.At this moment, the sword dust really became a veritable saint, and this level of advancement to the Holy One does not create any obstacles to him.In the perfect mingling of this sacred god of sword dust and the sacred soldier in the body, a strange feeling suddenly emerged in the heart of the sword dust, as if the sword in his own body that had been completely condensed by the Holy power had become With his own hands and feet, he can not only easily and comfortably control himself, but also can clearly feel every aspect of the sword.Now, there is no more Holy Power in the sword dust, but there is only a sword plate that is completely condensed by the Holy Power and is entangled in the Dantian, serving as a source of energy. This sword looks very good. Small, from the thickness and length of the point of view, and an embroidery needle is almost the same.Now that the sacred soldiers have already formed, the sword dust can clearly feel that the power fluctuations transmitted from the sacred soldiers are several times greater than before. It is no exaggeration to say that, in the face of a positive confrontation, a person who has already been promoted to sainthood can easily defeat the top ten people of the Holy Spirit. Unless there are accidents or special circumstances, it is absolutely impossible for a person of the Ten Powers of the Holy Power to defeat the Holy One.The sword dust and the iron tower are both powerful. The tower is a natural god and its body is very powerful. Even the sword dust that began to be practiced with the power of the Holy Spirit is naturally inferior to him. His perverted strength and strong defense It is enough to make up for the insufficiency of the Holy Power, unless the difference in strength is too great, otherwise it is simply not an opponent of the Tower, and at most it will maintain a tie.Although the sword dust can be defeated by the state of the ten-layered Holy Spirit, it will defeat the middle-level saints. This is due to the experience and combat skills brought by his previous life. The sword dust and the sword sword and his peak on the kendo. Commitment, coupled with the fighting will that was experienced in the battles between many lives and deaths in previous lives, is enough to make him become invincible in the same class, and the leapfrog challenge is not to mention to him. .At this time, Jian Chen’s face suddenly changed. Immediately afterwards, his Dantian began to shake violently. The entire Dantian began to fluctuate in a state of instability. Since the beginning of the fluctuations, and not waiting for the sword dust to reflect, the momentum between heaven and earth has been raging. The earth's strength within a few miles of the radius has seemed to be affected by an invisible suction, and it has been rushing forward. The direction where the sword dust resides comes from. At this time, the body of the sword dust seems to be out of his control. The pores of the whole body suddenly open, and the madness of the heavens and the surrounding atmosphere is absorbed madly.The fourth-order magic nucleus that was held in the hands of the sword dust, the energy inside it leaked out at a very terrible speed, and eventually formed a naked-looking energy ribbon into the body of sword dust.At this moment, the body of the sword dust is like a bottomless hole. No matter how powerful and powerful the world around it is, it is absorbed by the body like a long whale, and at the same time, the sink is taken by the sword dust. The energy of the fourth-order magic nucleus in the hands is also swiftly passing, and the speed of passing is almost incredible. The original fist-sized fourth-order magic nucleus is also rapidly shrinking at a speed that is visible to the naked eye.