Chapter 54 Change in DantianJian Chen completely does not know what happened to his own body. Now that he has lost control of the body, he can't stop his body from absorbing the aura around him, and feels that his body absorbs the terrifying unbelievable Speed, around the will of the sword dust like steel, will not only feel a panic. If his body continues to absorb the strength of heaven and earth at this speed, then it will be long before he will be supported by that powerful aura. Physically died, and, most let the sword dust feel puzzled is that he completely do not know what is going on in the end, how his own titanic will take the initiative to absorb heaven and earth for no reason, and this terrible absorption rate, Let the sword dust feel a surprise.With sword dust as the center, the heavens and the earth's vitality within a radius of several miles are rapidly gathering toward the sword dust. The crazy surging heavens and earth spirits have formed a gust of wind, and they scream wildly at the College of Kargasi. Fragments fly and fly away.However, when such a large scale of heaven and earth entered the Dantian of Jianchen, it disappeared like a sea of ​​water, and there was no fear of sword dust. Seeing this, the sword dust is finally relieved, although do not know what changes have taken place in his field of Dantian, but as long as he is not dead by the explosion of the world's vitality can be.At the same time, on the top of the tall tower in the center of the college, the president of the Kargath Academy changed his face slightly and exclaimed: "What happened, how the volatility of heaven and earth is so drastic." In the fall, the Dean’s body has been classified as a residual image. He jumped out directly from the window at the top of the tower and flew in the air at a terrible speed. In a short time he arrived at the dormitory where the sword dust was located. The dignified gaze of the dorm room of the sword dust, mixed with a bit of doubts and bewildered look.At this moment, a white shadow shot from afar at a very fast speed. A short breath of time would have spanned a distance of several hundred meters. It eventually appeared behind the Dean. The man, wearing a white robe, is the vice president Bai En.It wasn’t long before Bai En felt that it was a dozen of road-going people running fast from afar. But in the end all quietly stopped behind Bai En’s deputy director, and his eyes looked toward heaven and earth. Concentration.They are all teachers in the college and their strength is not weak. Under such a close distance, such a strong fluctuation of the heavens and the earth naturally cannot shake them.Bai En looked surprised and stared at the place where the world was concentrated, and his face looked puzzled. He asked, “What is happening to the dean, why are the heavens and earths within a few miles? Gathered together."Although the dean looked dignified, but in the eyes was a loss, said: "I do not know what happened here, go, we go in and see."The dean headed towards the dormitory, and Bai En's deputy director followed in behind him."You all stay here and no one is allowed into it."When a group of teachers behind him just wanted to follow in, the voice of the dean suddenly came over and heard the news. All the teachers stopped in a row, and they stood there. They did not dare to violate the Dean’s order. .Soon, the dean and the deputy dean came to the place where the strength of heaven and earth was concentrated. It was outside the dormitory of Jian Chen.Bai En's deputy director gently patted the door on the door, silently, the door of the sword dust dormitory room was classified as smash, with the door broken, the scene in the dormitory also reflected in the eyes of both of them .I saw that Jian Chen was sitting on the bed with both eyes and knees closed. The atmosphere of the vast world around him was being inhaled into his body at a terrible speed, and a body was formed around his body. The vague fog.Seeing this phenomenon, both the dean and vice president of the College of Kargas were shocked and could not speak. They would not have thought that in any case, the situation that caused the great fluctuations in the air of heaven and earth was actually because One person's reason for practicing, and even more surprising to them, is that the speed with which the sword dust absorbs the strength of the heavens and the earth has reached a point where people are appalled."It is actually Chang Yang Xiang Tian. This, how is this possible? With his strength, how could it have caused such a big impact?" Bai Enqian, the vice president, was surprised at the sight of the Buddha and saw the world's most incredible scene.The look of the Dean's face was also shocking. A pair of bright, deep old eyes looked straight at the sword dust. After a long time, he finally sighed for a long time and said: "This is a remarkable person!"After listening to this, Vice President Bai En nodded his head, and he was very much in agreement with the dean's words. In fact, he had long believed that the sword dust was extraordinary.“Master Dean, what are we going to do now?” said Bai En, the dean."Wait!" The director opened his mouth slightly and said only one word.Afterwards, the Dean and Vice Dean of Kargas College quietly stood outside the door of the Jian Chen. They waited for the sword dust to awake. They did not enter the room, nor did they issue any. The sound is afraid of disturbing the sword dust that sinks into practice.Jian Chen was very clear about what was happening outside the dormitory, but at the moment he could not move and couldn't speak. He could not control his body at all, and the fourth-order devil that he had in his hand was full of fist size. Nuclear, with the passing of energy, is shrinking at a speed that is visible to the naked eye, and it has become only the size of table tennis.All of the energy and the vast world and natural gas that have been absorbed from the outside world have disappeared into Dantian of Jian Chen. It is like sinking into the sea without splashing any ripples.For this situation in his own Dantian, Jian Chen also feels very puzzled and puzzled, and does not understand where so much energy has gone.Gradually, with the passage of time, the fourth-order magical nuclear energy in the hands of the sword dust has been completely absorbed and disappeared. In his pubic region, there has finally been a little change, and I saw a purple and blue light gradually He appeared in his pubic region, and as soon as these two light spots appeared, the speed of Jian Tian’s Dan Tian’s absorption of heaven and earth suddenly increased again to an exceptionally horrible speed. At this moment, it was no longer just an aura within a few miles. Having been affected, when the purple, green, and blue light spots of the sword dust Dantian had just emerged, the heavens and the earth’s vitality within a dozen or so miles had been affected, and the crowd swarmed in the direction toward the end, eventually coming from his whole body. Each of the pores enters his body and is absorbed by the two light spots in Dantian.As the speed of absorbing vitality of heaven and earth increased again, a faint white mist was visible around the body of Jian Chen. In the white fog that was formed entirely by the forces of heaven and earth, the body of Jian Chen loomed, and it seemed to give him even more growth. A mystery.The re-enhancement of heaven and earth was first noticed by the dean and the assistant dean, who were still waiting outside the door. The two saw each other and saw the shocked look from each other's eyes.Now, the entire Kargas College has been stricken with winds because of the strength of the world. However, except for those teachers, all students regard this squall as a normal wind and have not caused any impact on them.The situation of the absorption of heaven and earth by the sword dust Dan Tian has continued for half a day before it is over. Now, almost ten thousand square meters of heaven and earth are almost almost absorbed by the sword dust. Now, the sword of Dan Tian in addition to a complete sanctuary. The force of the condensation of the sword, but also more than a purple and blue light spots, the light is very small, and the light is very weak, flickering, as if at any time will go out like.Feel the one purple and one green light that suddenly appeared in his own Dantian. The heart of Jian Chen suddenly fell. There was a situation that he could not control in Dantian. This was the first time he met and he was very reluctant to meet. However, he can be sure that this purple, green and light spot will definitely be related to his uncontrollable madness.“Is this two points of purple and green light completely formed by the forces of just a few worlds?” In the dust of the sword dust, he secretly guessed that the huge influx of heaven and earth into his own Dantian was like disappearing. This is very incredible. Things, but after absorbing the huge gas of heaven and earth, Dantian Zhong inexplicably added two points of light, which is very easy for the sword dust to associate things together.However, the next thing that made Jian Chen feel puzzled and uneasy is how does the two spots of light in his own Tantian Zhong incomprehensible? Will their existence cause adverse phenomena to themselves? These are the problems that the sword dust is currently most concerned about. The special provision is the latter, which gives the sword dust an unsafe feeling.Slightly hesitated in the heart, Jian Chen finally tried to control the purple and green light, but after some temptation, his heart became more and more heavy. Although he could clearly see through the internal vision, "see These two light spots, once he tried to control, suddenly discovered that the two light spots that existed in his pubic region were just like an illusion, and they could easily pass through them. It is impossible to control at all, as if they did not exist at all.Dantian is a vital place for every cultivator, and Jian Chen absolutely does not want to see his own situation in Tantian that he cannot control. Otherwise, he can't say in a key point. The moment will bring fatal consequences to him."Oh, forget it, it's not a curse, it's a misfortune. But anyway, it's a person who's been dead once. Why do you care so much?" Soon, Jian Chen just wanted to drive. It's no longer the same as Dantian. It became annoyance. Since the situation was not what he could control, he would only accept it with confidence.Jian Chen slowly opened his eyes and his gaze was dull. Although the successful promotion of the Holy One is a matter of great pleasure, but because of Dan Tianzhong's situation that he could not control, how could he not be happy? .Just as the sword dust opened his eyes, the president and deputy dean Bai En, who had been waiting outside, also came in at the same time.After seeing the president coming in, Jian Chen quickly got out of bed and saluted: "Dean, vice president."The director's old face was full of smiles. He looked calmly at Jian Chen and smiled and said: “Changyang Xiangtian has just experienced abnormalities in the volatility of your world. You haven’t encountered any problems in cultivation. If yes, you may wish to say it and see if I can help you solve it.” The Dean’s tone carries a bit of concern."Thanks to the president for concern. I was normal and I didn't have any problems." Jian Chen said plainly. He didn't think his situation in Dantian was what the dean could solve in front of him. Some troubling things may not be closed.