Chapter 55 The Reflection of the KingDean smiled and continued: "Changyang Xiangtian, you have now advanced to the Holy One."Jian Chen nodded slightly and said: "Yes, just successfully condense the sect.""Then you do not know your current strength is in the saint's senior or intermediate." Dean smiled. In his opinion, the current strength of the sword dust is also at least the middle-level saints, after all, he was just seeing the huge The strength of heaven and earth has all been absorbed by sword dust. Although he did not know how to use the sword dust to digest such a huge world of gas, but he understands that absorbing so many heavens and gas, the strength of sword dust is definitely not only stay in the primary realm.As soon as he was promoted to be a saint, he crossed the elementary school and became the presence of at least a mid-level saint. When he thought of it, the dean’s heart couldn’t help but be happy. This time, he finally came out of Kargath Academy. Real genius."The dean, I have just successfully condensed out the sacred soldiers. Of course, the current strength is still junior." Jian Chen knew clearly that the dean felt that just as the huge world has been absorbed by himself, so there is so Ask one."Primary!" Heard that not only was the dean, but even the unanimous deputy dean Bai En could not believe it."How could you have absorbed such a huge amount of gas in the world? How can your strength still stay in the beginning?" said Bai En's assistant deputy. Even the dean felt full of doubt."I don't know either." There was a slight smile on Jian Chen's face. He did not intend to speak out of what happened in Dantian."Well, since Changyang Xiang Tian is all right, then we should also leave." The director looked at Jian Chen, and said: "Changyang Xiangtian, now you have just advanced to the Holy One, and you should be familiar with the use of the sacred soldier. After the words were finished, the dean and the vice president left the room of Jian Chen.After leaving the dormitory, Vice President Bai En asked with a curious face: "The dean is an adult, Chang Yang Xiang Tian has absorbed such a huge force of heaven and earth. How could his strength still remain in the realm of the primary saints? It seems that It is not common sense."Hearing, the dean nodded slightly and said: "Well, it is not consistent with common sense. Perhaps there is something we don't know about Changyang Xiangtian's body. Otherwise, how could he inspire heaven and earth in a dozen or so places? This is an impossible thing.” With this, the president paused and then continued: “We don’t want to guess any more about this matter. If we don’t think about Changyang Xiangtian in the future, it’s just not too big. We do not want to interfere with more things. Let him grow up. The way of genius is always coming out of them. Without going through wind and rain, you can never grow up. For too quiet days, people often fall. ”“Yes, Bai En understands.” The dean’s deputy chief responded in a respectful manner. His heart was bright and in order to cultivate a genius, they were worthy of doing so.The director looked into the blue sky and murmured, “Changyang Xiangtian seems to be only 15 years old this year. The fifteen-year-old Holy Man has caused some alarm in Tianyuan. It looks like Changyang Prefecture. This time it was really a genius. I hope he can go on smoothly. It must not be aborted. Otherwise, this is a loss to my Godson kingdom. Alas, it is a pity that the Changyang ancestors have disappeared. For a hundred years, if he is still alive, it is estimated that he has succeeded."After the dean walked, Jian Chen re-wrapped his knees in bed, and once again observed a purple and green light spot that appeared in the next Dantian, and finally reluctantly sighed. For this purple and green light spot, sword dust is complete. Do not know how it is, the two light spots in his Tantian, but not at all he can control.Secretly sighed, the sword dust has decided not to ignore them, because it is a waste of time, anyway, he is already a person who died once, looked at many things, in addition to letting him first taste the mother's love Outside Pik Wantian, there is nothing worthy of his concern.The sword dust took a few deep breaths, slowly calmed down, then deep in the right hand, mind a move, flashed with a burst of strong energy, saw a long slender sword appeared in the right hand of sword dust.This sword is very small, and the whole sword is silver, like a mirror, and can clearly reflect the surrounding scenery.This sword is four feet long and two fingers wide. On the sword surface near the hilt, there is the word “light wind”.The shape of the sword is completely based on the sword dust that was used by the sword dust in his previous life. The name, like the sword used in the previous generation, is called the light wind sword.Jianchen's swordsmanship pays special attention to a fast word, swordsmanship is light, can change, but also like a breeze to the shadowless, go without a trace, people can not capture, hence the name 曰 轻 - light wind sword.With a breezy sword in his hand, the face of Jian Chen’s face can't help showing a smile, especially the moment he took the light wind sword. The familiar feeling seems to make him back to the past life.However, the only difference is that at the moment, the sword dust feels like a hand like an arm of his own. It does not require much effort, and the sword dust still feels its own “god”. "It has been perfectly linked to the sword in the hands. The two are as if they are together and they are no longer separated from each other. This is a feeling that he had never felt before.Jian Chen reached out and gently flicked his fingers on the silver-colored sword."Bang!" With a crisp sound, the breeze sword made a crisp sound. It looked like this sword was made from refined iron.The sword dust happily stroked his left hand on the sword of the light wind sword and looked at it like it was a favorite person in his heart.For a real swordsman, the love of the sword is no substitute for anything. The sword is their life, that is, their soul. In the past life, sword dust was such a person.When the sword dust summoned the light wind sword, the sacred soldier who was entrenched in the middle of Dantian also disappeared. At this moment, all the forces of his whole body agglomerated on the sword in his hands, and this sword can not only be used. A strong offensive power, but also a source of the power of the sword dust, it will succeed Dan Tian of the sword dust, continuously supplies the energy he needs.Jian Chen thought of a move, the hands of the breeze sword suddenly disappeared, but in his pubic region, again appeared a reduced version of the breeze sword.In the twinkling of an eye, it has been two days since the successful promotion of sword dust to the Holy One. During these two days, in addition to occasionally observing the purple, green, and yellow spots in Dantianzhong, Jianchen has spent the rest of the time in college. The idea of ​​trying to get a try in the library hopes to find out about the situation in Tanaka in his book, but unfortunately it is nothing.In the two days, the promotion of Jian Chen as a saint was also heard in the college. It suddenly set off a wave of turmoil, because the strength of Jian Chen’s advancement to the Holy One was too fast. Everyone in the college is aware that when the sword dust just entered the school a few months ago, the strength was only the eighth layer of the Holy Power. In this short period of several months, the sword dust has broken into one from the power of Eight Holy Powers. The Holy One, so fast practicing speed, made everyone in the College of Cadenza feel amazed. This speed has completely overcame Cheng Mingxiang, who is known as a practicing genius in the College of Kargas.Just a short distance from the College of Kargas, a magnificent royal palace. A middle-aged man wearing a purple gold robe is sitting in his study reading books.“Your Majesty the King, there is a messenger to seek out.” At this moment, a voice filled with humour and filled with respectful voices from outside the door.Heard the words, the middle-aged man's eyes slowly moved away from the book, looked at the direction of the door, said in a mild tone: "Come in." This middle-aged man is the Lord of the Kingdom of Gerson Sen.When the king’s voice just fell, the door of the study was gently opened. Then a young man dressed in a black robe appeared to be about thirty years old. He stepped in from the outside when he sat in the study. The king suddenly stopped at a distance of thirty paces, then kneeled down one after another, remarkfully saying: “His Majesties the King, this is the letter just sent from the President of Kajas College.At first the Majesty of the King did not care about his face, but when he heard the name of Kafir, Dean of the College of Kargas, his face suddenly became solemn and he slowly put his books on the table. "Quickly presented."“Yes! Your Majesty!” Standing next to the king, a personal bodyguard wearing armor responded with a respectful voice. He immediately took the envelope from the messenger and checked carefully in his hand. When it was confirmed there was no problem. Only then came forward and handed it to the King.When the Majesty the King received the letter, he immediately opened it and saw it. Then a calm smile appeared on the calm face. He murmured: “This is indeed a long-cherished wizard, not only an eight-story sage. The power can defeat the Holy One, and the ten-layered Holy Power defeats the middle-level saints. It is even more fifteen-year-old that he has successfully congregated the sect to become a saint. Such praise, to the uncle's eyesight, to see people naturally no problem, since the emperors are so recommended Changyang Xiang days, then I should do something."“Changyang Xiangtian is behind Changyang House, and Changyang House’s four young masters. It seems that it is impossible to control him. Since this is the case, it is only the best effort to win. Although Changyang House has been quiet for decades, But the heritage in their family is still there, the strength is still not despised enough, it is worth me to do so, since that is the case, then that is it.” Said here, what the Majesty the king seems to determine, immediately said: “come on, wait and see.”Soon, the waitress prepared the pen and ink, and when the king started to pick up the pen, he began to brush and began to write. Finally, he carefully read the written word and read it, slowly folding it and left the study. .The king, with his hand-wrapped roll of paper, was escorted by a team of personal guards, passed through numerous palaces in the palace, and finally entered a beautiful courtyard.Right after the king's majestic feet stepped into the courtyard, an old man, who looked like a 50-60 year old, came out of a room in the courtyard and looked at the King under his eyes. He smiled and said, "It was the Majesty of the King. Please inside."The king squatted down to the old man and did not enter the house. He handed the paper in hand to the old man and solemnly stated in a tone of consultation: “Ye Ming, the older generation, I have an important letter here that needs to be sent by the older generation of Yeh Ming. To Lorra Changyang."Hearing the words, the old man face was slightly serious and reached out and took over the scroll in the hands of His Majesty the King and said, “Relieve it, I must send the letter.” The old man knows clearly that since he needs his personal escort, this Letters are certainly not that simple.The moment the letter was sent out, the King sighed in his heart and secretly thought: “Month, for the development of the kingdom and for the future of the kingdom, the Father has to sacrifice you.”