Chapter 56 The seventh floor of the libraryOn the morning of the next morning, the sword dust sitting on the bed and knees slowly opened his eyes. In the two days, he did not practice. In addition to reading books in the library during the day, he was familiar with Dantianzhong in the dormitory during the night. The use of the sacred soldier in order to achieve the feeling of ease of use of the sacred soldier in the shortest possible time.After all, although the sword dust is now promoted to be a saint, the sacred soldier in the body is connected with his mind. However, this is not enough to enable him to master and use the sacred soldier perfectly. For the sword dust that has past experience, this world The sacred soldier still had a fresh feeling in his heart. He would not spend a few days to get familiar with it and accept it. Even if the sacred soldier in his body is connected with his mind, it is difficult for Jian Chen to exert his peak strength.Because, this is equivalent to a person who has been severed for more than ten years, but suddenly the broken arm has grown up again. Anybody who is already familiar with the broken arm is faced with an arm that has re-emerged. It will be a little uncomfortable, and it will take time to slowly accept it and become familiar with it.Slowly from the bed to stand up, Jiangu straight away from the dormitory, after eating breakfast in the cafeteria, sword dust as usual habits came to the library.Although the library has now opened, but there is no one inside, only one middle-aged woman doing cleaning is cleaning.Jian Chen looked at the empty library and then walked directly to the fifth floor of the library. After reading these days, the books in the first four floors of the library that interested Deng Jian had been almost finish watching.There are seven floors of the library. The first two floors are open to the students below the Holy One. The third and fourth floors are open to the students who are able to attain the Holy Spirit. The fifth floor is not open to the public. The fifth floor is to read the fifth floor. Of the books, only the teachers of the college acted. On the sixth and seventh floors, there are strong enchantments guarding the entrance. Only the dean and the dean can enter and read it. The rest of the people who want to enter the seventh floor must go through the courtyard of the Kargas College. The president personally approved it.Although the fifth floor of the library is not open to the trainees, the first place in the freshman contest was enough for him to freely enter the fifth floor of the library.There is not much space in the fifth floor library, and there are not many books placed in it. In total, only a few hundred books are written, and there are no comparisons between the thousands of books on the first floor.However, Jian Chen clearly knows that the value of any one of the hundreds of books is more precious than all the books he has seen before.The fifth floor of the library is very quiet. Although there are not many people here, it is often seen by Jian Chen that it has been cleaned and the room is clean and clean. It is spotless.The sword dust went to the bookshelf and picked up a book about cultivating heart. It looked at the table. The content of this book was completely cultivating, although the sword dust did not know that things inside could Can not help yourself, but at least can enrich his knowledge in this area.The sword dust looks very much invested, and it's almost as if you are intoxicated. The contents of this book, though with minimal help to the sword dust, made him eye-opening, as if he had completely seen the other cultivation world. These things were never thought of in his previous life.This book on cultivating experiences is not thick, only a few dozen pages, and was quickly read by Jian Chen. After reading it, Jian Chen put down his books and bowed his head to sink the meeting, digesting and remembering new things in his head. Got something.After the book was carefully put back in place, Jian Chen again picked up another book and began to read it. Of the books on the fifth floor of the library, almost all of them are from previous generations of cultivation experience and some cultivation exercises. However, among these cultivation exercises, the highest level is only the primary level.The time was flowing quietly. Jian Dan stayed in the fifth floor of the library and looked at the books one after another. It was a time when he forgot. At this time, in the fifth floor, it was not just a sword and dust. There were two more middle-aged men. At first glance, they knew that they were teachers of Karjas College.Two middle-aged men apparently knew sword dust. When they saw Jian Chen for the first time, they had a look of surprise in their eyes, but they did not say anything to bother him.At this moment, an old man dressed in a crimson and luxurious robe walked up from below. The old man looks like he is in his fifties or sixties. Hefa is a young boy and he has a deep and deep look.The fifth floor of the library is not large. After the old man enters the fifth floor library and is trying to walk from the side stairs to the sixth floor, the corner of his eye catches a slightly slim figure.The old man's body slightly beaten, stopped the pace, looked good to get a back view, then a trace of a smile slowly walked to the name of the school wearing a school uniform, slightly slim figure behind the person, said: "Changyang Xiangtian!"Wen Sheng, Jian Chen suddenly awakened, when he looked back to see the old man standing behind, his face slightly surprised, then immediately stood up and laughed: "Dean adults, how do you come here."This old man is the dean of Kargas College.The voice of the dean awakened the other two teachers who read the book. The two middle-aged men looked as the dean and suddenly they were surprised. Immediately, they put down their books and stood up from their chairs, holding their hands slightly against the dean. Road: "I have seen dean adults." The tone of the two people from the heart of respect.The Dean of Kargath Academy is a resounding figure in the entire Gerson kingdom because he is not only a powerful Sky Master, but is also one of the top 6 strongest in the kingdom of Gerson.Even if Sky Master is placed on the Tianyuan continent, it is a powerful figure who can walk horizontally.The director looked down upon the two middle-aged men and waved: "Don't worry about me. Look at your books.""Yes, Master Dean." The two middle-aged men suddenly reluctantly sat down, but at this moment they can no longer put their spirit into the books of their hands.The director's eyes glanced at the books he held in his hands with dust and dust, nodded with a smile, and his eyes were slightly relieved. "Changyang Xiangtian, do you also like to read these books?"Jian Chen nodded without hesitation and said: "Yes, from these books, you can learn a lot of knowledge, even if it does not help you, but it can also increase knowledge."After listening to this, the director looked at Jian Chen’s eyes with a bit of extra appreciation: “Very good, very good, Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​you can understand this truth is indeed rare, since you like to read these Books, then I will help you one time and come with me." Then, the director turned and walked toward the stairs leading to the sixth floor.Looking at the direction of the dean, where Jian Chen did not understand the meaning of his old man, he was so overjoyed that he quickly put the book back in his hands and followed the director’s behind him towards the sixth floor of the library. go with.Looking at the sword dust that disappeared at the stairs, the two teachers showed a very envious look in their eyes. On the sixth and seventh floors of the library, only the dean and the dean had the power to enter it. Others were To enter, it must be approved by the dean personally. For the sixth and seventh floors of the library, it is definitely the most desirable place for all the teachers in the College of Cadas, because it not only records higher-order ritual exercises, but also other books on various aspects. It is rich, high-grade, and most importantly, on the sixth and seventh floors of the library, it records many of the spiritual treasures of Tianyuan.Soon, Jian Chen followed the president to the door of the sixth floor. Here, Jian Chen clearly saw a transparent enchantment blocking the entrance.“The enchantments of the sixth and seventh floors were all laid down by the dean of the ages, and the defense was very powerful. Even the Sky Master could not get rid of it in a short time.” The Dean’s tone was prideful. Feeling, he immediately took out a token completely made of Zijin, and the token had a very complex pattern that looked like a pattern.Zijin tokens were given a light purple light in the hands of the dean. Then the purple light became brighter and brighter. The last light like a real shot was shot from the token and hit the enchantment directly.The transparent enchantment fluctuates slowly and slowly like a wave of water. In the end, the middle slowly cracks a large hole that one can enter.“Changyang Xiangtian, come in with me.” The dean greeted the sword dust and walked straight in.Jian Chen followed the Dean's behind the sixth floor of the library and went straight to the seventh floor. The seventh floor of the library is very open. There is only one room. There is a wooden table in the middle of the library. There is a small bookshelf in front of it. There are a dozen books on the bookshelf, and there are two books on the bookshelf. One box, one of which was made entirely of very precious jade, and the other was made entirely of purple gold, each of which is worth a lot of money. It can be seen how precious the things contained in the box are.“Since the establishment of the College of Kargas, this library has been in existence for hundreds of years. In addition to contemporary directors, people who have been to the seventh floor of the library are not Less, when every one of them is not a strong man on the Tianyuan continent who is a strong supporter of the big forces, and you are still the only one in the hundreds of years to enter the library as a student of the Carcassian Academy. The seven-story people. The dean said slowly, the tone is very flat.“Changyang Xiangtian, the seventh floor of the library is where the wealth of my Carcass College is located. The entire seventh-floor library is covered with a strong layer of enchantment. This layer of enchantment is our kagas. The first generation dean of the college, Buona, spent a great deal of effort on the strength of his holy king. All things inside were left with special marks. As long as the enchantment was not broken, he could not bring them out. It is not that some of the cultivating techniques collected by President Bu Naen have been written by himself. This is the greatest asset in my Carcass College.”Hearing that, the face of Jian Chen’s face became serious. He did not realize that the seventh floor of the library was so important. Even more surprising to him was that the first president of the College of Kargas was actually a saint. The ultimate masterpiece of class.The director gazed at Jian Chen with a glance and his face was very serious. He said in a tone serious: “Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​now I am acting as the Dean, allowing you to see any book except the jade box. You have only one chance. I hope you can grasp it."Jian Chen nodded solemnly and said: "I would like to thank the Dean.""The things contained in that jade box are not only useless to you today, but may also cause some obstacles to your growth path. Therefore, the things in the jade box cannot be seen, and that The box is filled with a heavenly primordial meditation practice of the Daruo Heart Sutra. You can read it as you like. However, the mascot of your family's heirloom book of Changyang Mansion is not much weaker than the Daruo Heart Sutra, so what is the practice? You mustn’t be too anxious about this kind of exercise.”"Well, you can stay here and watch it slowly. Remember, now you only have the opportunity to enter the seventh floor of the library this time. I hope you can cherish it. The enchantment at the entrance will only block the people who enter." If you leave, you can leave directly.” When the words were finished, the dean turned away and disappeared outside the enchantment of the seventh floor, leaving only the sword and dust to stand there.