Chapter 57.The sword dust took a deep breath and quickly calmed down. Then he slowly walked to the bookshelf and looked around at the dozen or more books. Then he took the first book directly and then walked to the center. Sitting in front of the desk and reading it, this book is about the cultivation of experience and breakthrough bottlenecks. Even the things that are promoted to the Divine Masters are clearly described.Although there are not many first-level books, each one is a fine piece of quality. If you take it out, it will definitely lead to a reign of blood.The sword dust carefully looked through the page one page at a time. An unexciting book was quickly read by him. After reading it, the sword dust suddenly fell into contemplation and had to say that he took it casually. This book can open up his horizons. The world's cultivation system has completely subverted the past life of Jian Chen. After reading this book, the sword dust clearly feels that he has learned more about the world's cultivation system. In depth.It didn’t take long for Jian Chen to finish reading a dozen books on the shelf. Half of these dozen books were about cultivation experience and obstacles encountered in cultivation. The other half were It is a number of practice exercises, but the highest of these cultivation exercises is only high-level ground. The most helpful to the sword dust is a few hands-on experience of the practice and the first dean of the College of Kargas.The sword dust fell on the Zijinbao box placed above the bookshelf. According to the dean, the items contained in this Zijinbao box were a heavenly primary practice. Although the sword dust does not know how big the merits of the first-order qigong are in the end, it is clear that this is definitely an invaluable asset.After all, the Heaven-order exercise method ranks second in the ranks of all the exercises in the Tianyuan Continent. It is only one level lower than the Holy Order on the Tianyuan continent.The sword dust slowly opened the purple box and saw only a palm-sized booklet lying quietly on it. The cover of the book was written on the dragon's wings - the words of the Great Roman Heart Sutra. When the booklet was in his hand, it was soft. The feeling of comfort was suddenly introduced into the hands of sword dust, and there was a trace of warmth in it, as if it had just been touched, and the warmth that had not completely faded away was similar.The booklet is made of a kind of Warcraft fur, very flexible, it is not easy to damage at all.Jian Chen carefully took out only the palm-sized booklet and started to read it. His look was solemn. Obviously, he also understood that it was very difficult for him to see such a high-level meditation practice at this stage, although he did not It is intended to cultivate this exercise method, but at least it is beneficial to him to learn about it. Perhaps there are valuable things that can be learned from him.After two hours, Jian Chen’s eyes finally moved away from the booklet, and he bowed his head to ponder the meeting. When he was sure that the contents of the booklet had been fully backed down, he returned the booklet to Zijinbao’s box. And then return to the original position again.Eyes once again looked at a dozen books on the bookshelf. The sword dust drew a long breath, and then he didn't feel the slightest desire to walk toward the stairs leading to the bottom. However, at the 7th level of the library today, for sword dust, the harvest is enormous.Afterwards, Jian Chen once read all the books on the sixth floor. Although there is no value on the seventh floor of the sixth floor book, it is also a big gain for the sword dust, especially those who stay with them. Under the various cultivation experience, the help of sword dust is very large.In addition to these, Jian Chen also learned from these books that many of the dilute spiritual treasures on the Tianyuan continent are not found in the libraries below.When the sword dust came out of the library, the sky was dark. Unconsciously, he had spent a day in the library and even forgot to eat."Yeah..." At this moment, the stomach of Jian Chen finally shouted.Jian Chen reached out and touched his already hungry, painful stomach. His face showed a smile of helplessness and then he walked directly toward the cafeteria.After hurrying to eat dinner, Jian Chen went directly to the dormitory. Along the way, many trainees saw his complicated eyes, envy, worship, jealousy, and various eyes.Regardless of the surrounding vision of the sword and dust, he didn’t care. He walked toward the dormitory without looking straying. When he entered the dormitory, far away, he saw a familiar figure standing in front of his dorm room, relieved to be his older brother, Changyang. tiger.“So late, my older brother is still waiting here for me to come back. Is there anything urgent to find me?” Jian Chen secretly underestimated, stepped at his feet, walked quickly."Big Brother, how are you so late here waiting for me, ah, what can not wait until tomorrow to say it?" Jian Chen came to the front of Changyang tiger, asked.As soon as I saw the sword dust coming back, the face of Changyang Tiger suddenly turned into a bitter gourd eye, sighing and sighing: “Hey.... Four brothers, you’re finally back. Where did you go today? The college has searched for it and it is impossible to find you. I have already waited for you all day here."A hint of apology on the face of Jian Chen said: "Brother, are you looking for me with something important?"After listening to this, Changyang Tiger immediately showed a happy smile on his face and said in a tone of excitement: “Of course there is something, and it’s still a big deal. Let’s go, four younger brothers. We went into the house and said.”Jian Chen slightly nodded, took out the key from the space belt to open the door of the dormitory, the dormitory door is a new one, the previous door has been given to the palm of the vice president of the powder.Upon entering the dormitory, the Changyang Tiger immediately closed the door and immediately said, “Four brothers, just sent a letter from home. You are a great blessing. I really envy you, big brother.”Hearing a look of puzzled expression on the face of Jian Chen, he asked in a puzzled way, “What is the big brother, what is it?”Changyang Tiger sat down on Jian Chen's bed with a happy smile on his face and said, "Four younger brothers, it is estimated that you still don't know it. You have given it to you."After listening to these words, Jian Chen’s complexion was clearly blurred, and as he was reflected, he could not believe the look between his faces. He exclaimed, “What! Set it up!”Changyang Tigers nodded and said: "Yes, four younger brothers, and the object is still the Princess of the Three Kings - Grand Princess, I heard that this time the parent or the King made the initiative to come forward."Hearing, Jian Chen’s face suddenly became serious. He was very surprised about this situation, and more often he was dissatisfied with his own family setting without his own consent. This fate of being completely arranged by the family gave the sword a deep dislike.Looking at the face of Jian Chen, Chang Yang Hu thought that Jian Chen was worried about the appearance of Grand Princess. He couldn't help but smile and said: “You are at ease with my four younger brothers. Although I haven’t seen Grand Princess, I’ve heard There were many things about her. The Princess Granny was the third daughter of His Majesty the King. He was born with beautiful nature and looks like a country. From the age of pissing his talents, he is not only proficient in poetry and calligraphy, but also has a talent for cultivation. Very good, it is said that at the age of fifteen, Grand Prix's power has reached the seventh floor, and is deeply loved by His Majesty the King. He is the shining pearl of His Majesty the King. For Grandmother Princess, His Majesty the King is full of love. what."Speaking here, Changyang Hu sighed and said: “First of all, I don’t talk about the noble identity of Princess Granny. Her talents in cultivation alone are not big brothers, I’m able to compare. The fourth brother, ah, King Majesty can put Grand Princess It's a blessing for you to be assigned to you. You don't have to look like this bitter face."Jian Chen secretly sighed. How can Changyang Tiger understand his mind? Even though Grand Princess is beautiful and beautiful, Jian Chen will not be tempted. Now he just wants to wholeheartedly improve his strength. Don't want to waste time by being entangled with these children's feelings. And he was also very clear in his mind that the Majesty the King must have known what he had done in the College of Kargas, otherwise he could not absolutely be so decisive that his most loved daughter was assigned to him.Since this relative was proposed by His Majesty the King, Jian Chen also knew that he was simply unable to resist with the present. He did not say that his parents would give up such a good opportunity to make a royal family, and it also related to the royal family. Face. Unless the Majesty the King took the initiative to withdraw the order, the current status of the sword dust is only to accept calmly.However, let the Jian Chen feel relieved that the debriefing is only temporarily set, and the exact date for formal marriage is not explained. This shows that this can be prolonged indefinitely. At least, you can give him some. The time for breathing was, after all, in his heart, he still didn’t want to talk about feelings. In the past, the swordsman was far away, and he gradually liked to float on the lake. He was indefinitely in heaven, and the earth was the bed. In the future, if there is more than one person around, he will really feel very unaccustomed.After the Changyang Tigers went away, Jian Chen sat alone in bed and mused. He had to say that the news from the family was so sudden that he actually had a feeling of being unprepared.“Oh. Just put time on cultivation. After all, we must have the strength to decide everything. After I’m strong, even if I volunteer to give up, the king will not say anything.” Jian Chen sighed in relief. Slowly calm yourself down, then sit cross-legged on the bed to continue practicing.Jian Chen took out a first-order magic nucleus from the storage ring, and then slowly closed his eyes and began to absorb the energy inside the magic nucleus and began to practice it. Since the sword dust strength broke through to the saints two days ago, Tonight was his first practice. In the evening of the first two days, he was familiar with the use of sacred soldiers and their control methods.As soon as the sword dust began to absorb the energy in the magic nucleus, suddenly, the energy in the magic nucleus passed faster and faster. The energy in the magic nucleus at the back was like a wild horse dislocated, and it was madly inward toward the sword dust. Swelling, so that the speed of the sword dust absorption of energy in a short time suddenly soared to absorb hundreds of times the magic of nuclear power.Sudden changes in the sword dust face suddenly changed dramatically, although everyone wants their own speed to absorb energy faster, but the speed of the sword dust to absorb magic nuclear energy has reached a very scary speed, so quickly absorb the magic The energy in the nuclear, sword dust is simply too late to refine, so not only does not have the least benefit to him, but will also bring him endless harm, because the energy he has not been refined is beyond his control, so huge Once the energy is disturbed in him, the consequences of this will be large enough to cause the sword dust to fall into turmoil.The sword dust immediately stopped absorbing the energy inside the magic nucleus, but fortunately, when he stopped absorbing the energy inside the magic nucleus, it went very smoothly and there was no terrible situation that could not be controlled. Otherwise, I'm afraid he will really There is a big problem.