The fifty-eighth chapter from the trouble in TanakaJian Chen took a long breath and slowly calmed himself down. Then he looked down at the magic nucleus he was holding in his hand. Although he had just absorbed the energy in the magic nucleus for only a short moment, he However, it is clear that the energy in the first-order magic nucleus in the hands has been greatly reduced, and even the size of the magic nucleus seems to be on a small circle.This scene allows the sword dust to inhale cold air. Although the energy in a first-order magic nucleus is not particularly large, before it is promoted to be a holy one, sword dust must completely absorb the energy of a first-order magic nucleus. It took at least three nights, and the energy he had just absorbed in the magic nucleus apparently lasted only a short breath, but he could clearly feel that the energy in the magic nucleus had been greatly reduced. It is hard to imagine how much energy it absorbed in just a short period of time.Afterwards, Jian Chen immediately examined his own body, but he was very surprised that after he had absorbed such a huge amount of energy, Dantianzhong did not actually reflect it, and there was no sign of growth in energy. The scene was just an illusion. It never happened.If he could not clearly feel that the energy in the first-order magic nucleus in his hands had indeed been greatly reduced, the sword dust would have thought that the scene had just been an illusion of his own, because this is really too strange.Jian Chen frowns and thinks hard, but no matter what he thinks, this kind of thing is also puzzling. In the end, the sword dust only laid down this matter and continued to absorb the energy in the magic nucleus and began to practice. However, after experiencing the scene just that time, this time the sword dust was obviously more cautious, and all the hearts and minds were paying attention to themselves. The physical situation to prevent the reoccurrence of just that incredible scene.Even now, when he first absorbed the energy in the magic nucleus, the scene that had just happened appeared again. I saw that the magic nucleus in the hands of the sword dust is emitting a faint glow of light. The energy inside is like a wild horse. Rushed toward the body of the sword dust at an incredible speed, and then inhaled through the meridians of his arm and the pores in the body.Sword dust knees sitting on the bed like a stone-like body slightly shudder, and now, he finally determined that the scene just happened is real, not illusion. When the sword dust just wanted to stop absorbing the energy in the magic nucleus, suddenly he gave up this idea, and then all the spirit was raised to the top, closely following the situation in the body, he had to figure out exactly how this was In fact, why did you suddenly absorb the energy in the magic nucleus to a terrifying level, and these energies suddenly fell into the body and disappeared without a trace and disappeared.The volume of the first-order magic nucleus held in the hands of the sword dust quickly shrinks at a speed visible to the naked eye, while the enormous energy released from the magic nucleus is crazy from the meridians of the sword dust arm and the thick pores of the body. Into his body, subject to such a large energy impact, the meridians of the sword dust arm and a small piece of body skin feel a pain.Differing from the absorption of heaven and earth's vitality two days ago, heaven and earth's vitality belongs to a gentle state. Therefore, under such rapid absorption speed, sword dust did not feel any discomfort, but the magic nucleus is different. Magic nucleus is a World of Warcraft. The essence of the whole body's energy condensate, no matter if it is the intensity or the purity of energy, is far from the most primitive strength of the world, and the energy in the magic nucleus also implies a violent factor, so it is so fast. The absorption of energy in the magic nucleus has also brought some disadvantages to the body of sword dust.Jian Chen does not care about this pain, concentrates, and concentrates on the situation in the body. He sees the vast amount of energy he has absorbed from the magic nucleus. Most of them have rushed to a certain position in his Dantian area. Instead, only a very small fraction of the remaining energy can be absorbed by sword dust.However, when the sword dust found the energy of the place, the face suddenly became very exciting, because that position, actually is the first two days of his field in Tantian suddenly appeared in a purple light and two light spots, and those energy, actually All were absorbed by these two light spots.Jian Dan slowly opened his eyes, his face looked a bit dignified and looked at the hands of this magic nucleus, then dropped the magic nuclei, once again closed his eyes to absorb the way the world to continue cultivation.The momentum of heaven and earth is constantly coming toward the sword dust, and the speed of gathering is actually more than ten times that of heaven and earth. He is now absorbed by these swords and dust, and 99% of them are actually his. The two bizarre points of light were absorbed, and the strength of heaven and earth that he himself could absorb was only one percent of them.Inferring from this, if the sword dust is repaired by the strength of heaven and earth at this moment, the speed will not be ten times slower than in the past.To conclude, Jian Chen’s face suddenly becomes ugly and his cultivation speed is one tenth of the past. Such a situation is definitely not what he wants to see. What he didn't expect was that, in the middle of Dantian, I didn't know how to create a purple and a light spot that actually brought him such a huge mess.Then, the sword dust tried to absorb the energy in the magic nucleus to practice. Then, the heavy expression on his face gradually relaxed. He was very thankful that if he absorbed the energy in the magic nucleus to cultivate, then he The cultivation speed is not only slower than before, but also faster than the previous three points, but the only drawback is that the consumption of magic nuclei is really too large, so that the dust on the forehead is cold sweat DC.Jian Chen stopped the cultivation and looked at the dark night sky outside the window. He sighed helplessly. If he had to snatch energy from him in the two light spots in his pubic field each time he was practicing, then he was on the road to cultivation. Without coagulation, it will become very difficult. After all, by absorbing the strength of heaven and earth, the speed of cultivation of sword dust is only one-tenth that of the past. The absorption of energy in the magic nucleus will increase his cultivation speed by three points, but the devil The consumption of nuclear energy is too large for the sword dust to bear.A first-order magic nucleus in the past, at least enough to Jianwu three nights of cultivation, and now a first-order magic nucleus can only maintain a time less than a tea, so to be counted, then it is now a sword dust practice In the evening, it takes nearly fifty first-order magic nucleuses. With such a large amount of consumption, even if the sword dust is full of money, it will be difficult to supply him with magical nucleus for cultivation.(Search on Baidu: one hour for two hours, 15 minutes for an hour, 10 minutes for a tea, and 5 minutes for a sweet incense. After that, the smaller time units are counted.)The sword dust calmed down when he was very open. With his mind, such a small upset could not beat him. "Hey, take a step, there is no magic nucleus, big deal to kill the world of Warcraft to get it, and, perhaps, when it is full, it will not continue to grab energy with me." With this idea, Jian Chen took out a lot of magic nucleus directly from the space belt and continued to cultivate.After a hurry at night, the next day, the sword dust ended his cultivation. When he counted the magic nuclei consumed one night last night, he not only sucked a cold air, but he spent only one night. Fifty-six first-order magic nucleus was dropped.There was a slight smile on the face of the sword dust, although there were many magic nuclei in his space belt, but at this rate, these magic nucleuses in his hands could not sustain the consumption of several days, and when he was exhausted by the magic nuclei, He can only cultivate by relying on the strength of heaven and earth. Now, in the dust of the sword, he only hopes that the two light spots in the middle of Dantian can reach saturation sooner. Do not continue to absorb this endlessly."It seems that when you go to the forest to kill the World of Warcraft to get some magic nucleus." Jian Chen whispered whispered.After calming down his own feelings, Jian Chen left the dormitory directly, and then he came to the east side of the college to explain his skills and combat experience to his brother Chang Yang Hu until the sun had risen high into the sky. At the time, the sword dust ended the explanation for the big brother.“Brother, come here today, where you have to spend more effort on the use and transformation of power. As for the battle experience, he will increase slowly with your battle, so you also No need to deliberately practice." Jian Chen said to his big brother Chang Yanghu. These days, sword dust will be here every morning to show the elder brother's knowledge about martial arts.Changyang Tiger nodded and said, "I understand the four younger brothers." Now, Changyang Tiger is not at all surprised at how the sword dust knows these things. He is not aware of how the sword dust lives in Changyang. However, in his opinion, this fourth brother of his own is a true genius. Even if there is some special care in the family, it should be. Perhaps these things are taught by those elders in the family, and he I also know that my four brothers particularly like reading books. When I was in college, I ran to the library all day. I stayed in the library for a long time. Perhaps these things were learned from books in the family's library. It."Brother, you practice yourself slowly, I will leave first." Then, sword dust went to the depths of the grove. The Changyang Tiger continued to practice there.In an indoor play field in the college, two youths wearing uniforms in the school uniform are fighting fiercely on the field. Both of them are armed with giant swords. One of the giant swords flashes a fiery red glow. The breath of the atmosphere was radiated from above. This person was Ching Ming-hsiang, who was known as a practicing genius at Karjas College.The great sword in the young man's hand that had been practiced with Ming Xiangxiang flashed aqua blue light. He looked older than Ming Xiangxiang, but his face was heavy and his forehead was full. Fine beads of sweat.The two played fiercely on the court, but the discerning one could see that the young man holding the Aquamarine Sword was completely beaten up by the young man holding the Red Flaming Sword. He had no recourse but to fight. Blindly resisted."Well, young master, do not fight, I can not hold on playing." Said the young man holding a blue giant sword suddenly said.After listening to this, Ming Xiang stopped immediately and the Great Sword disappeared from his hands. He smiled and said: “Salad, now the time you insist on is getting shorter and shorter. It seems that you should also work hard. Now You are more than you used to be."Hearing that, the young man in his hand holding a blue giant sword could not help but show a trace of wry smile, said: "Master, not my strength has weakened, but your strength has grown too fast, I am not the youngest of you Opponent."After listening to this, Ming Xiangxiang's face suddenly showed a glamorous look.At this moment, a student wearing a school uniform ran in from the outside and went straight to Cheng Mingxiang's body. He then pulled an envelope from him and said: “The young master, this is a personal letter addressed to you by the Sovereign Lord. ."