Chapter 59 RetaliationHearing words, Cheng Mingxiang’s face suddenly became solemn, and then from the student’s hands, he opened the letter and began to read it.Looking at it, Ming Xiang's face gradually became dark, his face expression became ugly, and his eyes were raging.Looking at Cheng Xiangxiang's face, the young man who had previously been practiced with Ming Xiangxiang said carefully and carefully: "The young master, what is wrong, is it a failure in the case?"Ming Xiang tightly squeezed his fist and pinched the letter into a mass. At this moment, his face was full of jealousy, and his eyes were braved with anger and strong resentment."Changyang Xiangtian ...." was Ming Xiang's teeth and his fists were giggled. From this, it can be seen that the anger of the heart reached what level.Looking at Cheng Mingxiang and saying the name of Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​the young man who was practicing with Ming Xiangxiang became more and more confused and asked again: “What happened to the young master?”Mingxiang took a deep breath and said in a low tone: "The Majesty of King has assigned Grand Princess to Chang Yang Xiang Tian and has been married."Hearing that, the young man's face changed slightly, but he was very clear in his heart. Ming Xiang was a soft spot for Grand Princess. Since he first saw Ming Xiang in Princess Palace a few years ago when he first met Grand Princess, He has been deeply infatuated with the beauty and grand beauty of Granny Princess and her outstanding talent.In the heart of Ming Xiangxiang, the Grand Princess has already been identified as her own. After all, looking at the entire Gerson kingdom, the only one who deserves the Grand Princess is the one who is Ming Xiang, whether it is a family member. Background, or its own talent, Ming Xiang Xiang is not weaker than anyone, especially Hua Yunzong behind him, is the largest force in the kingdom of Gerson in addition to the royal family, in the kingdom of Gerson is like a monster Likely, status is aloof, and as the owner of Hua Yunzong, his identity is even more noble.Before Ming Xiang, he had asked his father to ask his emperor to raise his relatives. However, his father always refused to give time for cultivation, and he refused to take his time away from his son. received.Although his father’s refusal made him feel dissatisfied with Ming’s heart, he did not say anything, because at that time, in the heart of Ming Xiangxiang, Granny princess had long been regarded as his own person. No one could steal it. After all, In addition to his own in the kingdom of Gerson, there is no one who can match with Princess Granny, so his heart is not anxious at all.However, he never expected that there was a Changyang Xiangtian in the College of Cargassi who was not weaker than himself and even more talented than himself. The emergence of Changyang Xiangtian not only completely overwhelmed He was hailed as the genius of cultivation at the College of Kargas and he even stole away his beloved one. This made it clear how he could stand in his heart.The young man who was training with Mingxiang Cheung carefully looked at Mingxiang and whispered: “Master, what are you going to do now?”In Ming Xiangxiang's eyes, there was a thick murderous flash. Chen Sheng said: "The Princess Granger belongs to me. In the kingdom of Gerson, I was the only one she could match with Ming Xiang." It was filled with anger and shouted: "Salad, call us, we go to Changyang Xiangtian. This time I must take a good lesson and he dares to grab my woman.""Yes, Master," said the fellow young man who ran away immediately and began to contact the manpower.With the strong strength behind Ming Xiangxiang, he soon gathered a group of people in the college. There were a total of 16 people. They were all children of aristocratic families. All of them had the power of the Holy One. However, among them, the vast majority are people who have been robbed of magic nuclei by sword dust in the forest. As a result, they are unable to complete the task at all. Because of this incident, they naturally have a heart to the sword dust. Shares resentment. At the moment, when they heard that Cheng Ming-hsiang had to personally go to teach the sword dust, they all actively signed up to participate in this action.However, among them, there are two people familiar with Jian Chen, Luo Jian Luo Jia and Kadi family Cady cloud.Ming Xiangxiang looked plainly at the crowd, his face could not help but smiled a little, whispered in a low voice: "Very good, there are so many people, even if Changyang Xiang Tian was beaten into disability, Changyang government did not dare to Whatever you say, after all, these people can all have this power that can't be underestimated. Even if your Majesty the King wants to intervene in this matter to maintain Changyang Xiangtian, you will also feel a headache."Although Ming Xiang’s self-confidence can easily smooth Chang Yang Xiang Tian by his own strength, Chang Yang Xiang Tian’s identity has been completely different from that of the past since the time when the King announced that Chang Yang Xiang Tian and Grandmother princess were making arrangements. Behind him, not only did Changyang House, but also the royal family was sinking for him. In front of these two forces, even if Ming Xiang was behind him, he had to consider the consequences. If only a brief lesson on Changyang Xiangtian, Naturally, nothing would happen. However, in Ming Xiangxiang's mind, he did not want to be so cheap. Changyang Xiangtian, therefore, he called several people with power behind him to work together. Even if Changyang Xiangtian was crippled, Even killed, there are so many forces to do the backstage, even if the Kings are to be investigated, they have to consider the overall situation. Changyang’s government faced so many forces that even the tone of speech did not exist."Salad, you immediately ask people to look for the location of Changyang Xiangtian. Remember that this matter must not be publicized. If it is known to the vice president or dean, then all our plans will fail completely. "Cheng Mingxiang told the former young man who practiced with him to command."Yes, young master."Later, Sarah directly spent money or relying on relationships to seek inquiries about the location of Changyang Xiang Tian at the moment. At the same time, he also sent a lot of trust to the entire Kargas College.The Calgasse College was very calm and did not make waves because of the movement of Ming Xiang and his party.After an hour, the salad school went to look for Changyin Xiangtian's twenty-two trainees to return.“In the presence of the young master, we have searched all of the Carcassian Academy and found no signs of Changyang Xiangtian.” The leader in charge of looking for Changyang Xiangtian told him that he had been in front of Cheung Ming Cheung.Hearing the words, Ming Zengyi brows a Zou, said: "How can this be, Changyang Xiang Tian is not in the college at this moment.""I have heard that Changyang Xiangtian particularly likes to go to the library. I don't know if you have gone to the library to find it." Luo Jian said, standing there. Although a few days ago Luo Jian was stabbed with a sword dust, but after a few days of cultivation in the post with the addition of medicine, his body injury has been restored as ever."The library we also looked for, Changyang Xiangtian is not in the library." The person responsible for the search continued.At this time, a young man with a slightly fat body said: "I have heard that Changyang Xiangtian is the new king of this freshman, and the new king Wang has the privilege of entering the first five floors of the library. Did he hide in the library? If not, if we do, then we will have to wait until he comes out."After hearing this young man's words, everyone, including Cheng Mingxiang, found it very reasonable.The leader in charge of finding Changyang Xiangtian shook his head and said: "No, I already asked the aunt who cleaned the library. He said that today Changyang Xiangtian simply did not go to the library."“Is Changyang Xiang innocent no longer in the college?” Cheng Xiangxiang’s brow slightly wrinkled.At that time, the leader in charge of looking for someone slightly hesitated, and then said: "We were young, and although we did not find Changyang Xiangtian, we discovered the Changyang Tiger in the grove on the eastern side of the college. Changyang Tiger is Chang Yang Xiangtian's big brother, I think he will not know the sight of Chang Yang Xiang Tian."Hearing his words, Luo Jian opened his eyes, but his face became gloomy. His brain still remembered the scene that occurred that night. The magic nucleus in his hands was robbed by two brothers from Changyang Xiangtian and several people from the Tower. When he left, he didn't have the courage to retaliate against the tower. However, for Changyang Xiangtian and Changyanghu brothers, he did not have so many taboos in his heart."Yes, Changyang Tiger must know where Changyang Xiangtian has gone. I suggest we still ask Changyang Tiger." Luo Jian said in a low voice, and the eyes were even more flashing."Well, we will go to Changyang Tiger first."Luo Jian’s proposal soon passed the approval of the crowd. Then, not to arouse the attention of other students, more than a dozen of them rushed to the east side of the college on different routes in batches.When more than a dozen of them arrived in the grove, they saw that Changyang Tiger was still practicing in the woods.As soon as he saw the long Yang Hu, Luo Jian braved an irritability in his eyes, and Chang Yang Hu might be too devoted to martial arts at this moment, but he did not find the arrival of more than a dozen people.More than a dozen people from Mingxiang came to the front of the Changyang Tiger, and they cooperated with Changyang Tiger in the middle. Knowing that this time, the Changyang Tiger suddenly realized that when he reflected, more than a dozen were surrounded. Students wearing school uniforms.The Changyang tiger looked around for a week. When he saw the expressions of more than a dozen people, his heart suddenly jumped and he had a bad feeling. Especially when he discovered the hateful eyes of Luo Jian, he could not help his face. It became dignified."What are you going to do?" Chang Yanghu said, opening his mouth. Although he was surrounded by more than a dozen people, he could not see the slightest fear from his face.Luo Jian sneered and said, “Changyang Tiger, I still remember what happened in the forest a few days ago.” Luo Jian’s face stunned and his eyes were fiercely staring at the Changyang Tiger, saying: “You actually dare to I took away the magic nucleus that I had spent three days trying to harvest. I didn’t actually complete the task. This account, I must be good and you count.”Changyang Tiger coldly hummed, and his eyes were open to Luo Jian and Leng Ran said, "Luo Jian is completely blamed on you. No wonder we, if you don't grab the magic nucleus in our hands first, it won't happen. What happened afterwards was all you were looking for. You could blame you for lack of strength. I was actually defeated by my fourth brother who was not a holy one.” When it comes to the back, Changyang Tiger looks to Luo The eyes that were built looked a bit disdainful and ridiculous."You ....." Luo Jian was speechless by the words behind the Changyang Tiger. For him, the night's defeat in the forest was absolutely a shame that he could not wash in his life. With the strength of his intermediate sage, he was defeated in the hands of a freshman whose strength was less than the Holy One, and he also took away the magic nucleus he had spent three days working hard to harvest. This result is definitely not as a result. He can accept the young Master Luo.If this matter is passed to the family, Luo Jian will not be able to lift his head in the family.