Chapter VI St. Force Test ()Although the sword dust found the strength of the old man, but did not show any expression on his face, silently nodded, gently hum, then passed by the elderly, walked to the left corridor.When he came to the end of the corridor, the light in front of Jian Chen suddenly brightened. He had already arrived in a very spacious room. The light was very bright and it was no different from the white day outside. In this room, Neatly arranged a large number of bookshelves, placed on a large number of books, if the sum of the books in the entire room, it is estimated that there are at least a few thousand.Jian Chen slightly looked up at the ceiling because he knew that the light was so bright, it was all due to the ceiling, and the ceiling of the roof didn't know what material it was made from, but it actually gave off a soft glare. Although the light is strong, it is not dazzling.Although he was very curious about the ceiling, Jian Chen did not waste time on it, went straight to a bookcase, carefully selected a number of books, and eventually took out a book that he now most needed.This book contains very clear descriptions of the entire continent. The books are not thick. The sword dust has changed in two or three hours. At the same time, there is a general understanding of this unfamiliar world.The continental continent is called Tianyuan continent. The mainland is very vast. There are countless countries, large and small. Within these countries, there are a variety of cities of various sizes. The largest of these cities is called the super major city. The size of each super-city is very large, and the supreme ruler of these cities is the city-owner, with several million or even tens of millions of city guards.However, on the entire Tianyuan continent, there were only seven super major cities. They were respectively occupied by the three most powerful empire, of which the Carrara Empire and the Felica Empire respectively controlled two super-main cities, and the last sacred empire. It is also the three main superpowers in charge.Under the super main city, followed by the king city, but the king city area is smaller than the super main city, the number is also more than the super main city, in almost every kingdom has at least one king city, There are millions of city guards, and under the king city is a first-class city with 800,000 city guards, second-tier cities, 400,000 city guards, three cities, 200,000 city guards, and three cities. The town below is Zhencheng. Zhencheng has 100,000 guards of the city. Below the towns there are villages of different sizes. All guards are composed of village names, but the total number does not exceed 50,000. The strength and equipment are also much worse.Everyone on the Tianyuan continent is a force called the “strength power” for cultivation. When the power of the Holy Spirit in their body reaches tenth level, they will condense into a sacred soldier in the body according to the master’s thinking. The shape of the sacred soldier is varied and the specific shape is entirely based on the master's thinking.Since the sacred soldiers were completely condensed by the "holy power" in the human body, once the sacred soldiers were formed, they were all spiritually connected with their masters. And some talented people, when the sacred soldiers are condensing, will bring some attributes. These attributes are earth, wind, water, fire, light, and darkness. Dark elements are very rare and very powerful.The elements of the light system have a very powerful ability to heal, and those who possess the light elements of the sacred soldier have the title of undead on the Tianyuan continent because once they are injured in the battle, they will quickly recover through healing power. In the same level of fighting, if it is not a kill, it will be very difficult to kill them.The dark elements are strongly corrosive. Not only is it very troublesome to deal with, but it is also the most difficult kind of person. Especially in the darkness, they are still there. They have no trace, and there is a dark night on the mainland. The title of the king, the night, is their world.The remaining four attributes also have their respective abilities. The size of the ability is judged according to your own strength. Of course, on the Tianyuan continent, there are none of the sacred soldiers who possess attributes, and more people have no sacred soldiers. Any attribute, and in the same level of battle, the person who owns the attribute is often much more powerful than the person without the attribute.The sacred soldier is the most powerful weapon of every person. When fighting, he can instantly summon the sacred soldier out of the body to help the host to fight and let the host play super power. At the same time, the sacred soldier and the owner are also related to their lives. The soldiers suffered a great deal of trauma and caused some damage to their masters. If the sacred soldiers were cut off, the masters would be lethal and the situation would be serious. They would even die.However, the sacred soldier is very hard, unless the strength is stronger than the number of sage leaders, otherwise, it will not cause any harm to the sectarians.After the formation of the sacred troops, the methods of cultivation in the future will increase the strength of the sectarians by absorbing the aura between heaven and earth.After the formation of the sacred soldier, it became a "holy man." On the Tianyuan continent, the strength of the Holy One is also divided into nine ranks: the Holy One, the Holy One, the Holy Master, the Great Holy Teacher, and the Holy Land. Teacher, Sky Master, Holy King, Holy Emperor, Holy Emperor. Each level is divided into three small levels, which are the previous period, the middle period and the later period.On Tianyuan mainland, there is a huge mountain range that almost traverses the entire mainland. This mountain range is called the World of Warcraft Mountains. It has endless World of Warcraft, and the more it goes deeper, the more powerful World of Warcraft is.World of Warcraft's level is divided into nine levels, a level of Warcraft's strength is equivalent to the Holy One of humanity, the power of two World of Warcraft is equivalent to the human Holy One, in order to push, eight World of Warcraft is equivalent to the human Holy , and nine World of Warcraft is equivalent to the human saint.At the same time, there is a very popular occupation on Tianyuan mainland, which is the mercenary. According to the book, there are many mercenaries on Tianyuan mainland, almost all over the mainland. These mercenaries usually rely on various kinds of work. Different tasks to get money, but more mercenaries are to enter the World of Warcraft to kill the World of Warcraft, get magic nuclei to make money.Although such dangers are very great, the profits are also very rich, because the magic nucleus is very high on the Tianyuan mainland, and the more advanced the magic nucleus, the more noble the price, and some high-grade magic nucleus even at all Not measured by money.Magic nucleus, which is almost an item that all people on the Tianyuan continent are in great need, contains a very pure and powerful energy. This energy can be directly absorbed, so that it can quickly strengthen its own strength, and it is better than absorbing the air of heaven and earth. There are several times faster, but using magic nucleus to cultivate, this is not the average person can afford it.In addition to these, Jian Chen also understands from the books that this world is very cruel. There is almost every battle here. It is even more sinister than the rivers and lakes where he lived before. If there is no strong power, it will be in the outside world. It is difficult to survive. Moreover, this continent is also cultivated by everyone. However, many people have mediocre qualities. They cannot cultivate the strength of the Holy Spirit within the body to ten layers throughout their lives, and thus condense sacred soldiers in the body. There is no backing, and it is often the lowest level of living on the Tianyuan continent. It is equivalent to the peasant's land in the rural area.After reading these materials, Jian Chen had some understanding of this strange world. The sacred warriors, the power of the elements, the Warcraft, the magic nucleus, and the mercenary were all so fresh to the sword dust. At the same time, the heart of the sword dust began to smash up, it is the yearning for the outside world, he is now anxious to immediately leave Changyang House, go outside to take a swing, feel some of the outside world style.However, Jian Chen knows that at least in the past few years, he is impossible to achieve this desire, not to mention that his parents will not let him even a child who is not even three years old to go out to swing, I am afraid that even if he really went out, There is no ability to protect yourself.In the following period of time, the sword dust practiced harder. In addition to eating and some daily activities, the rest of the time spent almost all of his time in the room. Now he has not yet completed the first stage of the purple sword. The basic part, so the air of heaven and earth inhaled by him is all integrated into every cell in his flesh. In essence, every part of the body is strengthened by the internal organs and limbs.When his flesh reaches these heavens and earths, he has not formed any strengthening effect on him. The sword dust will perform the second step and formally cultivate infuriating spirit. So far, the sword dust has a far more powerful than ordinary people. Outside the body, Tanaka was empty, but there was no infuriating.In the past life, sword dust cultivation of the purple green sword code took only one year to complete this step in the practice of the body, and in this world the atmosphere of the world is much stronger than his predecessors, so now he spent two The time of the year has not yet been completed, but the physical strength is definitely much stronger than in his previous life.For the sword dust did not come out to hide in their own room, his parents did not show the slightest look, because every two-year-old child in Changyang Fuchu, parents will pass on a basic basis of their breath Law, and then let them practice for one year, and when they reach the age of three, they will perform the Holy Power test to assess their potential and qualifications. In the same way, when Jian Chen was just two years old, his mother, Pik Wantian, also uttered a most basic method of exhalation. However, for this method of exhalation, the sword dust flashed directly in his head. He was left behind, because this thing for him, non-condensing is an adult with a toy for children to play with.Therefore, Jian Chen shut himself in the room all day long and closed the door. Outsiders would think that Jian Chen was practicing the piece of breathing and he was not puzzled.The next morning, Jian Chen ended his night's cultivation. Today is his special day because today is exactly the birthday of his three-year-old. At the same time, today he will be carrying every three-year-old child on Tianyuan mainland. The Holy Power Test must be performed.After breakfast with her mother, Bi Yuntian, at the dining hall, Jian Chen walked toward the main hall of the Changyang House under the guidance of his mother.The area of ​​Changyang’s government is very large. The area where Jian Chen has lived is a small courtyard in Changyang. It is on the road, and Chang’an’s government is constantly on the lookout for the past three years. Jianchen spends most of his time practicing in the room and rarely visit Changyang.In Changyang Prefecture, a team of armored guards patrolled each area and patrolled in each area. Their eyes were constantly glanced back and forth in secret places. Even though it was daytime, they still did not relax. .When the sword dust passed through a broad field of rock formations, it was greeted with a buzzing sound of buzzing. He saw only dozens of children under 10 years of age under the guidance of a middle-aged man. Wu.In the heart of Jian Chen, it is clear that these children are some of the disciples of the Changyang Fuchu. There are a total of more than a thousand people in and around the Changyang Palace. Apart from half of them are family guards and maids, the other half are almost all members of the Changyang government.After passing through Yanwu Stadium, Jian Chen, led by his mother’s Pik Wan Tian, ​​finally came to the main conference hall in the center of Changyang.