Chapter 60 Changyang Tiger InjuredLuo Jian was irritated, and the blue giant sword suddenly appeared on the right hand and suddenly swung away toward the shoulder of Changyang Tiger.The Changyang Tiger’s response was not slow. As early as when he was surrounded by the dozen or so people, the vigilance in his heart had been raised to the top. When Luo Jiangang summoned the sacred soldier, his hands immediately appeared in a yellowish color. The great axe greeted the giant sword back toward Luo Jian without fear.Just when the two hands began, the dozen or so people around them were also very reluctant to take a few steps back so as not to be affected.    "bump!"Luo Jian’s Great Sword and Changyang Tiger’s giant axe crashed into the air, sending a loud bang of steel and steel. The sacred soldiers of both men and women touched in the air, and both of them also received strong backlash. The footsteps can not be stopped at the same time to retreat, Changyang tiger full back four or five steps to stabilize the body, and Luo Jian's footsteps only slightly back two or three steps to stand firm.The two men played against each other this time. Discerning people could see that the Changyang Tiger had fallen into the wind. Although Luo Jian's wind attributed to the sacred soldier was more emphasis on speed, he was weaker on the attack, but his strength had already reached the level of the intermediate saints. To the point, even if the Changyang Tiger's indigenous attributes to the sacred forces are stronger on the defensive end, it is not the opponent of Luo Jian. After all, the Changyang Tiger is just the Holy One.Luo Jian did not plan to let Tiger Yang so easily. He only saw the blue light flashing on him. The breeze continued to rotate around his body, and Luo Jian’s body came at an extremely fast pace. To the front of the Changyang Tiger, the great sword in his hand brought a blue light in the air, and he quickly cut it toward the Changyang Tiger. Luo Jian, who has the power of the Holy Spirit, is much faster in speed than others.Chang Yang tiger's face suddenly changed, Luo Jian's speed of the attack so that he simply did not have the extra time to fight back, and finally only had time to barely lift the hands of the great ax to resist."Changyang Tiger, die!"However, when the huge axe in the hands of Changyang Tiger just held Luo Jian's giant sword, a rush of anger came from the side, and I saw Cady’s hand holding a giant sword and heading straight to the Changyang Tigers. Changyang Tiger's right arm.Severe pain caused the Changyang Tiger to make a buzzing noise. The power used by the sword was obviously not light, leaving a deep visible bone wound directly on the arms of the Changyang Tiger.Because the arm was heavily traumatized, the Chang Yang Tiger was unable to maintain the sacred soldier in his hand, and the giant axe was reclassified as an energy disappeared in his hands.Luo Jian’s eyes flashed with fierce eyes, and once again he waved his giant sword across the chest of Changyang Tiger. The sharp tip easily scratched the uniform of the Changyang Tiger and left a deep mark on his chest. Deep bloodstains, suddenly, rushing blood flowing from the body, and soon put the school uniform to his chest.The severe pain drove the muscles of Changyang's face slightly, but he did not make a scream."Changyang Tiger, I did not expect it, you also have today." Luo Jian laughed, his face was full of embarrassment, his heart resentment for Changyang Tiger will not be so easily resolved, once again waving the Great Sword in his hands, Changyang Tiger added a wound to his body.Chang Yang tiger's eyes stare at Luo Jian with resentment, furiously said: "Luo Jian, you useless stuff, you kind of call me to my four younger brothers to see my four brothers do not hit you all over the floor Find teeth."Wen Yan, Luo Jian suddenly gloomy face down, immediately step forward and kicked straight to the Changyang Tiger.In the eye of Changyang Tiger, when Luo Jian's foot was close to his face, his left hand suddenly stretched out. He firmly grasped Luo Jian’s raised foot and pulled it all back.Luo Jian's body immediately lost its balance and fell to the ground."Drink!" The Changyang tiger uttered a rage and his left hand became a fist. The strength of the Holy Spirit gathered in his fist, and then he turned to Luo Jianxiu, who fell to the ground.Luo Jian's reflection was not slow. Just when the body just fell to the ground, a bomb dropped immediately from the ground, and the danger and the limit escaped the Changyang Tiger's full blow.    "bump!"Changyang Tiger's fists directly hit the ground, hitting the ground with a deep pit, and the fists had completely fallen into it."Changyang Tiger, you're looking for a death!" Luo Jian's handsome face was sullen and irritated. The blue wind attribute St. Force gathered in fists, and then punched with a flash of lightning. On the chest of Changyang Tiger."Yeah!" Changyang Hu mouth blew out a blood, the body directly by Luo Jian this punched fly away, full four or five meters away from the distance before it crashed and fell to the ground.When Luo Jian wanted to rush to beat the Changyang Tiger, Ming Xiangxiang suddenly stopped in front of him. "Luo Jian, he will have enough lessons. Our main goal is Jian Chen, not Chang Yang Hu. Or first ask the whereabouts of Changyang Xiangtian from his mouth."Luo Jian nodded slowly and said nothing. If other people came out to block, he would certainly dismiss it, but for Ming Xiangxiang, Luo Jian did not want to offend.Before Ming Xiangxiang came to Changyang Tiger, he sneered and said, "Changyang Tiger, where Changyang Xiangtian is."Changyang Tiger got a bit difficult to climb up from the ground. Now he has a pale face and bloody mouth flows out, but fortunately his Holy Power is a local property, and he must be stronger on the defense force. If one person were to come, there would be no effort to get up from the ground.The Changyang tiger’s eyes slowly swept over a dozen young people and replied: “I don’t know, even if I know it, I won’t tell you.” Although Changyang Tiger is confident in the strength of Jian Chen, he looks at him. It can be seen that these dozens of people in the field have the power of the Holy One. He does not think that with the power of one person, Jian Chen can defeat so many people.Ming Xiangxiang face slightly changed, suddenly gloomy down, cold channel: "Changyang Tiger, I'll do it for you again, where Changyang Xiangtian is."A sneer on the face of Changyang Tiger said, "I said I didn't know."“Yeah!” was Ming Xiang's cold cry. He punched him directly in the face of Changyang Tiger, once again knocked Changyang Tiger to the ground and said coldly, “Why don’t you say that?”In the eyes of Changyang Tiger, there is a burning anger in the eyes. Once again, he struggles to climb up from the ground. He rants: "I don't say it, I'm Ming Xiang. You'd better kill me today. Otherwise, I would swear by Changyang Tiger. It will certainly make you regret it."It was a look of disdain on Mingxiang's face. "Changyang Tiger, what qualification do you have to say this, don't you rely on the identity of the young master of Changyang Prefecture? Well, there is a Changyang Mansion in the district. I have not placed Huayun. In the eyes, "After the words were over, Li Xiang, who was in the eyes of Cheng Xiangxiang, flashed, and his right hand became a fist. The red light of the fist flashed, and he hit the head of Changyang Tiger directly with a fist and angered: "Why don't you say that?"Changyang Tiger's head was beaten by the punch of Ming Xiang. His blood flowed out of his forehead, and he quickly rolled down his fortitude face, making him look extremely shy."I fight with you." The Changyang Tiger can no longer tolerate it. The blue giant axe suddenly appears on the left hand and roars and wields a giant axe. He cuts it toward Ming Xiangxiang.In Ming Xiangxiang's hands, there appeared a fiery red sword. It was easy for Changyang Tiger to attack. Not to mention the Changyang Tiger is now a serious injury, and he is not familiar with the left-handed axe, even if he is in the full state, it is definitely not Mingxiang's opponent.Xiang Mingxiang looked at Changyang Tiger with disdain and mocked: "Changyang Tiger, I advise you to still say the whereabouts of Changyang Xiangtian, and suffer less from the flesh and blood."Changyang tiger mouth gasping, at this moment, he surprisingly calm down, his heart is very clear, continue to stay here, he must be fierce, then he carefully looked around the terrain, the heart measured the turn Immediately withdraw the sacred soldier and turn toward the college playground.The grove is very remote, and almost no one passes through here, and what happens here is naturally not known to the outside world. He believes that once he runs to a place with lots of people, he is afraid that some people will not dare to do it. Moreover, he still has many good friends in the college. Although Changyang Hu does not expect them to help fight against him, at least they can still report to the teachers and vice presidents of the college.Seeing Changyang Tiger actually ran to the direction of the college's playground, Cheng Mingxiang's face changed slightly and he immediately shouted, "Stop him."Standing behind him, the dozen young people who had never had hands immediately swarmed in and quickly chased away at the Changyang Tiger, and Ming Xiang's body was also marked as a sharp sword, shooting at a very fast speed toward the Changyang Tiger.Changyang Tiger is now a serious wounded person, and simply ran out of the crowd. In a short period of time, it has been a lot of distance by people behind.Looking at the enemies that are rapidly approaching behind him, Changyang Tiger understands that he may not be able to run out of this grove and will be chased by them. When he thinks of this, Changyang Tiger gritted his teeth and the body suddenly stopped and then turned in the opposite direction. Go to the depths of the grove.The sudden change of direction of the Changyang Tiger surprised all those who followed him, but then everyone's face showed a grim smile and the speed of chase slowed down.Behind the group of people fan-shaped chase with Changyang Tiger quickly after the chase, Luo Jian smirked at Mingxiang Xiang said: "Looking at the direction of Changyang Tiger this escape, most of it is to find Changyang Xiang Tian it."Ming Xiangxiang nodded slightly and said: "It makes sense. It seems that Changyang Xiangtian is no longer in the academy."The Changyang Tiger ran full ahead in front of him. Now he is not only covered with blood on his forehead, but even his school uniform has been given a large slice of blood. It looks very miserable. He does not know where the sword dust is. However, he knew that there was a low hill in the depths of this small forest. The terrain on the hillside was complicated and the trees were also very lush. They were very suitable for hiding. In the hope of returning to the college, the only way for the Changyang Tiger was to Only with the help of the complex terrain on the slopes throw off the group behind.However, the Changyang Tiger may have forgotten that in the morning when Jian Dust taught his knowledge about skills, he also left from the direction he was taking now.Under a waterfall on a hillside, a young man wearing a school uniform is practicing his sword on the grass not far from the pool. The young man has a thin body and a long black hair straight to the waist. He has a very handsome and full of Resolute face, a pair of eyes full of radiant, flashing sharp like a sword-like light, people can not look directly.The youth held a four-foot long, silver-white, small sword with two fingers in width. On the sword surface from the hilt, the dragon dance had two large characters—breeze.The young people stood there quietly. He held a long sword. The tip of the sword leaned to the ground and the whole person remained motionless.At this moment, young people flashed a flash of mirrows. At this moment, his body began to move without warning. He saw his body bowed and moving rapidly in place, and the one in his hand was moving. The silver-white long sword has completely formed a white illusion in his hands. Countless swords and shadows are constantly flashing in the white illusion. They remain in the air, only one after another.The young people called him the pace of mystery, moving around in a fixed area, and the movements were very quick and agile, like a rabbit, and his sword speed was incredibly fast, making it impossible for the eyes to capture.This youth is the sword dust. Since the sword dust left the grove, it immediately came to this beautiful scenery and revisited the feeling of using the sword in the past.