Chapter 61 ShamefulnessThe sword dust quickly moved on the grass. The light wind sword in his hand had been turned into a silvery light. He was stabbed at various speeds with extreme speed. The swordsmanship was fast and sharp.With the rapid movement of the body of the sword dust, waves of breeze brought along to even out some of the trees on the ground.At the same time, just at the moment when the sword dust stopped, the swirling leaves around it were also partially fragmented, and the powder that had been turned into heaven slowly drifted to the ground. Only a handful of parts remained intact. However, the difference is that half of these leaves have already had a "sword" on them. Although the size of the words is not the same, it just fills the whole leaf, and in another On half of the intact leaves, there is also a "sword" on it, but this "sword" is not unclear or incomplete, with few strokes.If other people see this scene here, they will be surprised to grow up in the mouth, because this scene is really very scary, you know, in the scene just like that, the leaves are flying indiscriminately, that countless The leaves are constantly intertwined, and just staring at one of the leaves to see, all the sky-dancing and constantly changing the direction of the leaves give dazzling, let alone a sharp sword to engrave a word.And, most importantly, the leaves are very weak and easily broken, and a sharp sword is needed to engrave a word on such a weak leaf, and it is not enough to make the leaves a little bit harsh. Breakthroughs, this is definitely a difficult thing.If this action by the Jian Chen was promoted, he would certainly spread his name throughout the Tianyuan continent in a very short period of time.Looking at the leaves slowly falling from the air and the powder of some leaves, the face of sword dust gradually shows a smile, whispered: "Although swordsmanship is much slower in speed, but now I The strong control over the sword is not comparable to that of the previous generation. It seems that this sword has completely become like my left arm and right arm. This may be the advantage of this world sacred soldier."At this time, Jiangu’s ear moved slightly, then he gazed up and looked up into the woods in front of him. The silvery long sword in his hand disappeared from his hands.Not long afterwards, with the look of sword dust, the trees there began to shake slightly. Then a man wearing a school uniform and covered in blood rushed out of the woods.When Jian Chen’s eyes fell on the clothes worn by the man, he already knew that this man was a student at Carcass College, but the stained blood on the man's clothes made the dust of the sword very confused. There is no such thing as Warcraft, how could it be injured, and there is a clear rule in Cadagas College that participants can learn from each other but they are forbidden from fighting.However, when Jian Chen’s eyes fell on the student’s face, his face suddenly stopped. At this moment, his eyes suddenly became solidified and he stared straight at the half of his face. The young man with bloody red eyes can't believe it.“Big Brother!” Jian Chen exclaimed with a startled voice. His tone was full of surprises. Then his body swayed slightly, and within a short span of 30 meters, he came to the young man who was covered in blood.Looking at the horrible wounds on the young man's body and the broken flesh and blood on his forehead, the sword dust suddenly became devastated and frightened: "Brother, what's wrong with you, who hurt you? In this way, "With the voice, a strong sense of killing has emerged from the sword dust.For Big Brother Chang Yang Hu, Jian Chen is the second person who has truly cared about since he came to the world. Because Chang Yang Hu treats him as a younger brother, Jian Dust also remembers clearly that he is the first person. When he came to Carcass College, his older brother, Chang Yanghu, walked around the entire college and introduced himself to Kargath Academy’s rules and other aspects. Afterwards, even taking great risks, he ran ten kilometers away to the forest to kill a first-order World of Warcraft. The purpose was to send a first-order magic nucleus to himself as a gift. Although the first-order Warcraft in the eyes of the sword and dust seems to be a little threat, but Changyang Tiger, after all, he is not so rich in experience and strong fighting power, only the Holy Force ten-story peak of him, in order to kill the first-order World of Warcraft, Absolutely not so easy.Later, when he and Kadiyun battled in the ring, Big Brother Chang Yanghu took into account his own lack of strength, take the initiative to go to Taiwan to fight Cady Cloud.Jian Chen can clearly feel that Big Brother Chang Yang Hu has always been concerned about his own heart from the heart, and now, Chang Yang Hu in the dust of the sword, has already become a close relative.In previous lives, the sword dust was born in the war years, or was the baby's parents killed by the enemy for the war. In that life, the sword dust was unprofessional and never experienced the feeling of a loved one, and since then God has arranged for him. With such a good fate, Jian Chen is also very cherished. Changyang Tiger has already occupied an important position next to his mother Bi Yun Tian in the heart of Jian Chen. At this moment, he saw Chang Yang Hu being beaten into this picture. The anger in the dust has reached an unprecedented height. With his eyesight, one can see that these wounds are caused by humans.Looking at the sword dust that appeared suddenly in front of him, the look of Changyang Tiger's face was stunned, but then his face suddenly changed, and his tone was anxious: “Four brothers, you...how are you here, brisk walking, brisk walking, As soon as they left here, they would soon be chasing it.” Changyang Tiger’s eagerness in his face made him think how he would actually meet with sword dust here.Jian Chen’s face became gloomy and sinking: “Big Brother, who in the end has made you like this.” Any anger that he tried to suppress in the voice of Jian Chen was heard by anyone.Changyang Tiger pushed the body of Jian Chen with his hands and his tone was anxious. "Four younger brothers, don't ask them so much. Leave here and go back to the college. Otherwise they will never let you go." Although it is known that the sword dust is very strong and can defeat the middle-level saints, the Changyang tiger will never think that only a dozen warriors with the sword dust can face more than a dozen students who are all in power, and among them, there is even one of them. The Ming Cheng Xiang who has already reached the level of senior saints.The body of the sword dust is like a stone statue standing there, and how Chang Yang tiger can't push it hard. In the eyes of the sword dust, there was a strong and extreme murderousness, staring at the forest in front.More than a dozen people wearing school uniforms appeared in shape from where the sword dust looked, and the relief in front of them was that of Xiang Ming and Luo Jian.At the sight of Jian Chen and Luo Jian, several people showed a happy look on their faces. Luo Jian laughed loudly and said, "Chang Yang Xiangtian has finally found you. This time I see where you are going. "More than a dozen young people do not have anyone to command, quickly stepped forward and immediately surrounded the Jian Chen and Chang Yang Tigers.Seeing that he was surrounded by them again, Changyang Tiger’s face changed dramatically and suddenly became ugly. Then he sighed long and there was nothing to say.Faced with more than a dozen menacing people, Jian Chen’s face did not show the slightest fear, and it was still so calm. Looking at him like that, it seemed that he did not put the dozen or so who are not weaker than himself. .Jian Chen's look of gloomy, extremely fierce eyes from across the dozen young faces swept by one by one, all those who were swept by his eyes, all feel that the face is soggy, followed by a chill Raised from the bottom of my heart, it seems as though the sword dust is completely a sharp sword.“Who hurt me, Big Brother!” After the words, the Jianchen tone suddenly changed, shouting: “Give me a stand!” With the voice, a huge momentum emerged from the body and faced more than a dozen strengths. People who are not weaker than themselves, Jian Chen not only do not have the slightest fear, but the momentum is high, there is a big momentum that does not stop.Jian Chen’s remarks echoed with the giant momentum that was radiated from the body, and a group of people including Ming Xiangxiang were all intimidated and took a step back. After all, Jian Chen was a person who had experienced the killing. Far from being able to match a group of students who are still stinking.I realized that I was scared away by the sound of sword dust. I was lucid when my face was dark, and I thought that the strength of his dignified senior was actually scared away by a freshman who had just advanced to the saints for several days. This made him simply unacceptable.“Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​you are looking for a death!” Cheng Mingxiang was furious and shouted. There was a fiery red sword in his hand, and the great sword with a fiery red light, accompanied by a hot atmosphere accompanied by sword dust. Thorn away."Hey!" Looking at the face-to-faced giant sword, the strong murderous plane in the eyes of Jian Chen flickered, and then the light wind sword instantly appeared on the right hand, greeted by the great sword of Ming Xiang and lightning at lightning speed. Piercing.    "Ding!"With a loud sound, I saw two swords that were completely disproportionate to the system. The tip of the sword was actually incredibly touching.Looking at the two swords that touched the tip of the sword, he showed a hint of surprise in Ming Xiang's eyes, and he couldn't believe it with a faint trace, because it was either the Great Sword in his hands or the length of the sword dust. The sword is very small at the point of the sword, and under such a fast sword-piercing speed, it is absolutely impossible for the average person to do so in order to make the tips of the two swords stably touch together. The ability to do this is both strong and powerful, and the power of the sacred soldier has reached the point of extraordinary sanctification.However, Jian Chen can achieve this with the strength of the newly promoted Holy One. This makes Mingxiang unbelievable. He never thought that this was the end of the accident, but when he looked at the sword dust When the calm face, the heart suddenly canceled this coincidence.What surprised Lin Mingxiang even more was the sword in the hands of the sword, because the sword was too small. In his eyes, the sword seemed to be an enlarged version of the embroidery needle. It was four feet long. Two-fingered fingers, like papers, are generally weak, and anyone who sees them at first glance will think that the sword is very fragile. It seems that with a little effort, it can be broken.Ming Xiangxiang dared to swear that such a delicate sword was definitely the first time he had ever seen and even had never heard of it, because on Tianyuan mainland, the weapons used by all people were biased toward heavy-duty. The sacred soldier condensed into a heavy weapon, which has almost become a concept and habit deeply planted in everyone's heart.If it wasn’t for the sword dust, the very delicate sword in his hand blocked the attack by Ming Xiang, and Ming Xiangxiang would certainly laugh at it.