Chapter 62 The Strength of Jian ChenMing Xiangxiang's face was slightly heavier. At this moment, facing a freshman who had been promoted to sainthood for a few days, he faced it for the first time."It was Ming Xiang. Now that you broke my brother, you don't want to leave this place intact today." Jian Chen looked cold and staring at Ming Xiang, and sang.Ming Xiangxiang was a cold, arrogant voice, saying: "Changyang Xiangtian, I admit that I did look down upon you, but if you want to leave me, it depends on the strength of your ascension to the Holy One. I have not yet this ability. ”Jian Chen face sneer again and again, look to the eyes of Cheng Xiangxiang with a hint of faint disdain, said: "There is no ability, try to know!" Voice fell, Jian Chen wrist slightly jittery, light wind sword in him Under the masterful control, he escaped the stalemate with the Great Sword of Ming Xiangxiang. The breeze sword flicked slightly, and his slapstick shot was on the sword surface of the Ming Xiang Greatsword."Oh!"In the wake of a sound of steel and steel sympathies, the Great Sword in Mingxiang's hand was directly deflected by the breeze sword, and the Jian Jian, a sword with only two fingers, had a fascinating impression. The powerful power of trembling was taken by him. It was a numbness of the strength of the anti-earthquake in the palm of Mingxiang's grip.At the same time, the breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust brought up a silvery light in the air, and pierced Ming Xiangxiang's chest at an extremely fast pace.Ming Xiangxiang was shocked. The speed of Jian Jian's sword made him unable to capture him. In his eyes, he could only see that a silvery light was striking at an incredible speed. It was extremely fast. Speed ​​did not allow him to dodge at all, and even superfluous reflections could not be made.The light wind sword's sharp point of the sword pierced the school uniform worn by Ming Xiang, and pierced directly into Ming Xiong's chest. However, under the control of sword dust, the piercing was not deep.When he felt the pain from his chest, Ming Xiangxiang reflected this, and his stature quickly retreated. With his back, Jian Jian’s sword that had pierced his chest was pulled out.Ming Xiangxiang looked at the school uniform that was constantly stained by blood on his chest and eyes. His eyes revealed a hint of horror. At this moment, the sword dust that couldn't help appearing in his brain was approaching the extreme, so that he could not avoid it. In the sword, he vowed that from small to large, the sword was the fastest sword he had ever seen. At the same time, he felt a fright at the strength of the sword dust. He really did not understand that. Obviously, only a few days of freshmen qualify for the Holy See. How could it be so powerful?Jian Chen did not intend to let this be Ming Xiang Xiang, his footsteps of mysterious, like a ghostly appearance appeared in front of Ming Xiang, the hands of the light wind sword is classified as a silvery light, with the naked eye from the speed of hard to distinguish from Ming Xiangxiang crossed the chest.    "what!"Mingxiang gave a scream of miserable grief. He saw that there was an extra blood mark on his chest. The blood marks spread from the left side of his chest to the right side. The bones were visible in the deep wounds. The bright red blood flowed out and blinked. He had dyed his school uniform in red.The anger in the eyes of the sword dust is still strong, continue to dance with a light wind sword, in the Ming Xiang Xiang body constantly increase after another wound.In the mouth of Ming Xiangxiang, there was a constant scream of screaming. The arrogant arrogance on his face had long since disappeared. Facing sword dust, this approach to extreme swordsmanship, he could not dodge, and his body could not even resist his ability. The swordsmanship of sword dust was too fast in his eyes. The speed at which each sword pierced seemed to have become light, and he couldn't even see clearly. Although he is stronger than the sword dust in the strength of Holy Power, but now he has no chance to use his strength of the Holy Power, has completely lost the fight back.Ming Xiangxiang’s wounds continue to increase. Each wound looks horrible and the bones are visible. The original school uniform was not only divided into several long gaps, but also the entire school uniform. Gradually dyed blood red, and the red range is still expanding.Looking at the strongest of them, Cheng Mingxiang actually had no resistance in the hands of the sword dust. The surrounding dozen of students were all frightened by the stunners. They stared at each other with constant screaming. They have completely subverted their understanding of Cheng Mingxiang, his face is incredible.Luo Jian first reflected this, although he felt a terrified apprehension about the strength of the sword dust at the moment, but when he saw that there were more than a dozen fellows who were all at least able to be the primary saints, they couldn’t help themselves. In a timely manner, he shouted: "When everyone joins together, he only has one person who is very powerful. Is it that we are so many people still afraid that he will not succeed alone." Then, Luo Jian had a pale blue sword in his hand. A roar, first rushed toward the sword dust.After listening to Luo Jian, the rest of the dozen trainees also came back to see the dozen or so companions around. In the heart, the strength demonstrated by the sword dust gave the fear of fear. And then, empty, followed by swords, axes, swords, rifles and many other weapons appeared in the hands of those dozens of people, and then rushed aggressively towards Jian Chen.In the eyes of the sword dust, there was a gleam of cold light. Facing dozens of people who were not weaker than themselves, he repulsed himself and took the initiative to rush into the encirclement of the dozens of people. The light wind sword was turned into a silvery light. Straight to the chest of one of them."Oh!"Jian Chen's breeze sword pierced into the man's chest with ease. His sword, which is approaching the extreme, is simply not the opposite of this group of students who have not experienced much fighting."Drink!"    "go to hell!"At the same time, Jian Chen also fell into the trappings of those dozens of people. A dozen of various sacred troops with strong energy fluctuations attacked sword dust in all directions.There was a sneer on the face of the sword dust. The light wind sword in the hand exudes a hint of shame. The strong and sharp sword air radiates from the breeze sword. Then, the right arm of the sword dust becomes a phantom. He pierced around with lightning speed. Every time he stabs out his sword, he can accurately hit a weapon. In this short moment of effort, sword dust continuously stabs more than ten swords."Hey!" "Hey!" "Hey!"....In the air, there was a whisper of intensive steel collisions, and the sounds had become one, just like a sound.When the light wind sword in the hands of sword dust collided with a dozen or so sacred soldiers, among the dozen students who siege the sword dust, several people including Luo Jian, including the intermediate saint, included The faces were all changed. Then they stepped back and made a few steps back. Among them, many people were holding their weapons with their right hands trembling slightly. The sword of Jian Chen looks very small, but the power hidden above it is very large. When these dozens of people first touched the sword in the hands of sword dust, they were strongly opposed by the weapons. Give the shocked arm a numbness.After resisting the attacks of more than a dozen people at the same time, the sword dust surface did not change its colors and the action did not stop there. His footsteps were mysterious, and he passed between the dozens of people in a ghostly manner. The sword was galloped by him at an extremely fast pace, gradually forming a silvery sword light in front of him. In sword light, faintly visible are thousands of sword shadows that stay in the air and blink.    "what!"    "what!"As the sword dust is like a ghostly movement, a scream of pain and screams is heard from the scene. The screams of despondency make some people who are not strong enough to hear it, and they will all feel horrified. Rising from the bottom of my heart.The bloody Changyang Tiger stood dumbly, staring intently at the field, constantly changing his bearings, and his body and spirit were like ghostly sword dust and dozens of students who sent out bleak screams. At this moment, his mind seems to have stopped working and completely lost his ability to think.At the moment, all the dozen students were all lying on the ground. The pale face was full of painful looks. The original school uniform that was worn on them was intact and had more than a few moments. The rift, each ripping was bloody, had dyed the school uniform in blood red, and, as a white light continued to flash over them, their wounds were also rapidly increasing. The upper part of the body gradually spread to the thighs. At last the entire body was covered with horrible wounds. The blood like a fountain flowed out of the body and soon turned them into bloody ones.Jian Chen revolved around a dozen trainees and moved quickly. The light wind sword continued to cross over the dozen students, splashing blood in the starting point and broken clothes in midair.The injuries of Changyang Tiger to the feelings of the sword dust are very large. For these dozens of students in the same school, Jian Chen has no killer, but he will not easily let them go. If these dozen people are not in the same academy as Jian Chen, and Jian Chen is worried about causing too much trouble for his family members, he will certainly not hesitate to kill them with their lives."Changyang Xiangtian Master, spare me, let me go, I won't dare again.""Changyang Xiangtian, this time you let us go and we won't dare anymore."Finally, someone could not bear to endure this as hell-like torture, and pleaded with the tone of pleading. Someone took the lead, and the back ones also asked for mercy, one by one, but there were also a few tempered people who were still holding their teeth. Nor did they ever think of running away, but now they are covered with horrible wounds, whether on the thigh or on the right arm. Even if they move a little, they will hurt his teeth, let alone flee, at least. They have not had so much willpower to endure this direct pain.The sword dust gradually stopped, only to see his face still look as cold as before, his face is not red, breathless, but took the light wind sword in his hands, but it has been covered with blood.Jian Chen’s body resembles a tall and straight peak, standing straight in the field, and a pair of dozens of students lying on the ground slowly flashing cold light as if they can win people’s hearts. "You can also go around and say, who was hurting my brother.""It was a young master, Luo Jian, and Kadiyun they three....""Yes, it's the three of them who wounded Changyang Tiger....""Changyang Tiger was injured by all three of them. We didn't even do it."More than a dozen youngsters scrambled to say that if they are afraid to answer slowly, they will be dissatisfied with the sword dust. At the moment, they have no idea of ​​revenge on the sword dust, and more people are very regretful to participate in this action. .Among them, only half of them were captured by the sword dust in the forest. They grabbed the magic nucleus, while the other half and the sword dust were all innocent and unsuspecting. They were summoned by Ming Xiang.In the eyes of Jian Chen, there was a sharp flash of light. His cold eyes turned to Ming Xiang, Luo Jian and Kadiyun three. His eyes shone with intense murderousness.It was watched by the fierce sight of the sword dust, and a coldness rose from the heart of Ming Chengxiang. At this moment, the three of them looked into Jian Chen’s eyes and showed their fear for the first time.