Chapter 63 is a disaster"Changyang Xiangtian, you .... what are you going to do and let go of me immediately if you know what you are interested in? Today, I can't live without you. If you don't, you'll just wait for my revenge on Hua Yunzong." Cheng Mingxiang snapped and watched. With the appearance of sword dust at the moment, idiots can guess that Jian Chen did not intend to let them go so easily. Now, Ming Xiangxiang only wants to leave here quickly. As for retaliation, there are opportunities afterwards.The sword dust coldly whispered: "Let you leave, not so easy."After listening to this, the three faces of Ming Xiangxiang suddenly changed, and Cady Yun’s face looked gloomy: “Changyang Xiangtian, we wounded your eldest brother Chang Yanghu, but now you also hurt us like this. This matter, we will offset each other."Jian Chen slowly walked toward the three of them, and the light wind sword was exhaled with sharp jianqi. The light wind sword looked more like being wrapped in a mass of silver-white light. indefinite."Compared with each other, how can it be so easy? Today, all three of you have left a hand. If there is another crime to be committed in the future, then take your life."When he spoke, Jian Chen had already arrived at Cady's body. The light wind sword in the hand brought a brilliant silver light in the air. It was like lightning speed swept away from the right shoulder of Cady Cloud.    "what…."Cady’s cloud made a bleak scream, and the intense pain made his facial expression completely distorted. His face had become pale like paper, no trace of blood. In his right arm, the blood seemed to spray like a fountain. The whole right arm had been disconnected from the body and fell to the ground.Jian Jian this sword, directly cut off Cady's right arm.The Ming and Luo Jian’s face suddenly changed, their muscles fluttered at the same time, and their gaze was terrified staring at the right arm, Kadi Yun, who was screaming with desolate screams, and his face had changed. Incomparable white, no trace of blood.The dozens of students lying on the ground looked full of fear in the eyes of Jian Chen. This action by Jian Chen was definitely beyond the expectation of all of them. No one of them even thought that the sword dust was so heartbreaking. Without hesitation, one arm of another person was cut off, and this scene directly scared them. In one look to Jian Chen’s eyes were filled with fear. At this moment, they were secretly glad in their hearts. Fortunately, there was no The Changyang Tigers are hands-on. Otherwise, they will never suspect that the sword dust will cut off one of his own arms with the same sword.After the sword was cut off and Ming Xiang's arm was in his hands, sword dust was like a trivial thing. His face expression did not change at all. Whether it was this bloody scene or the dismal screams of Cady’s disgusting voice. Can not affect his state of mind, then, Jian Jian eyes look to Luo Jian, carrying a bloody sword with light breeze slowly walk toward Luo Jian.Looking at the approach of Jian Chen, Luo Jian finally showed his fear in his eyes, resisted the pain from the wounds on his body, and desperately slid his limbs back at a snail's pace. He cried in horror: "Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​you .... what are you going to do ..... don't come over.... don't come over...."Jian Chen did not hurry to come to Luo Jianzhong before his eyes and looked at him coldly. He did not feel the slightest pity in his eyes, and slowly raised his light wind sword.Looking at the silver-white long sword that the sword dust held in its hands, Luo Jian’s look had been completely replaced by a fear. It had already gone before the arrogant arrogance. He said in a begging tone: “Changyang Xiangtian, don’t... Don’t...please...please....don't cut my arm. If you let me go this time, I'll swear by Luo Jian. After that, I must repay you.”The sword dust did not move at all. The light wind sword in his hand was turned into a silvery white light. From Luo Jian's frightened and unbelievable gaze, he plucked from his arm at lightning speed.    "what!"As soon as the screams of desolateness emanated from Luo Jian's mouth, his right arm dropped directly from his shoulders, and the blood at the fracture broke out from his arms."Changyang Xiang Tian, ​​I will not let you off ....." Luo Jian's face became extremely sly, with the piercing sound of God's roaring, and a pair of eyes with a little bit of faint Crimson, the look of Jian Chen's eyes is filled with scorn and intense hatred.Jian Chen ignored Luo Jian's roar and continued to walk towards Ming Xiang.Ming Xiangxiang’s face has turned pale and he is very sorry now. If he knew that the strength of Jian Chen’s strength was so strong, he would not retaliate with only a dozen students with only the power of the Holy Spirit. Jian Chen, otherwise, he will definitely not fall so devastated end.Looking at the sword dust that is coming toward himself, Mingxiang depressed the fear in his heart and forced himself to calm down, saying: "Changyang Xiangtian, if you do not want to bring for your family....."As Ming Xiangxiang just said here, Jian Chen’s face slightly changed, and his eyes flashed with a sharp color. Then his body swayed slightly, and it was like a ghostly person coming in front of Ming Xiang. When he was talking about Ming Xiang, he just said half the time. The sword was cut off and Mingxiang's right arm was broken.When Ming Xiang was sulking, his face became painful. He did not make screams like Luo Jian and Kadi Yun. The voice had been forced into his throat, but from his face. The completely distorted face can still feel how great the pain he suffered at the moment.The sword dust looked coldly into the eyes of the three, and said coldly: "I will break your wall for the time being. If there is next time, I will take your life directly. Don't think I'm talking about the river. I said it." Saying, the sword dust looked fiercely glanced at the other dozen students in the eye.All those who were swept away by swords and dodges, and both eyes lowered their heads with fear. At this moment, after seeing the irony-like means of the sword dust, they no longer dared to rise up to the slightest revenge. .Jian Chen looked at the blood-stained sword in his hand, and immediately moved his thoughts. He saw the blood on the light wind sword suddenly flow, and all the blood rushed toward the tip of the sword, and all were collected together. From the tip of the blade, dripping from the soil on the ground, in the blink of an eye, the breeze sword, which had been stained with blood, became silver again.After recovering the light wind sword, Jian Chen came to his brother Changyang Tiger and looked at the long Yang Hu who was covered in blood. Jian Ding's cold eyes suddenly softened, and his tone was a little concerned: "Brother, let's go back. ”Changyang Tiger nodded naturally, and now his eyes are still sluggish. He hasn't recovered from the scene just in the scene. Perhaps the scene before him is really too difficult for him. Accept it.Despite the fact that Chang Yang Hu, who was covered in blood, walked back to the dorms with no one's own blood, the Dangyang Temple still alerted many people along the way. Suddenly, the news that the Changyang Tiger was injured gradually spread across the college. Now.Soon after the sword dust came back to the dormitory, more than a dozen people of Mingxiang who were bathing in the blood were also fighting with each other. They walked out from the depths of the grove in the east side of the college. They just appeared in the sight of the trainees. Suddenly, it caused a shock, and especially the broken arms of Ming and Luo Jian and Kadiyun. It was even more so that all people who saw this scene had their eyes widened. Look.The news that more than a dozen people were wounded in Mingxiang passed through the entire Kargas College. The first time this incident was reported by the college’s teacher to the assistant dean Bai En. When the vice president Bai En learned, After Cheng Mingxiang and others were even cut off their arms, they paid great attention to this matter, and immediately came to the college's medical office as quickly as possible.When Bren arrived at the college's medical office, outside the Medical Service, a large group of people had already gathered to watch the lively students.Associate Dean Bai En lined up many students and went straight into the medical office. He only saw a long bed in the medical office. More than a dozen students were lying in the blood, and in the middle of the room, two middle-aged men With a middle-aged woman, her eyes were closed and her hands flat on the top of three of her students. There was a milky glow in the hands that enveloped the three students.In the shadow of milky rays, I saw that the horrible wounds of the three students were healing at a speed that was visible to the naked eye. The speed of healing was incredible. It was incredible that the time for breathing was just three. The wound on the student body has already disappeared.When the body's wounds disappeared, the three students' faces clearly showed some improvement. There was no painful look on their faces. Instead, their faces were relaxed. Nevertheless, when the depths of the eyes of the three of them were still able to See the slightest fear.After the three students were treated, the two men and one woman performed as if they were blessed, and then they went into the treatment of the remaining dozen colleges.The assistant dean scurried slowly across the dozen students. Especially when his eyes fell on the Mingxiangxiang who had lost his right arm, his face became darker and he sank. He asked, "What is going on here? Who hurt you like this? Are you an outsider who is passing by here? Well, they don't know that this radius is 100% of the area of ​​Carcass College. Dare to hurt my students in the territories of our Kargath Academy. There is no reason why this is true.” White’s angry face, apparently, he already thought that Ming Xiang’s more than a dozen people were injured by some outsiders passing by Karkas Academy."The deputy dean is an adult, Changyang Xiangtian. We were all injured by Changyang Xiangtian," said a weak voice in the college."Yeah, Vice President, you must be fair for us, ah, Changyang Xiangtian not only badly injured us, but even the three young men whose arms were cut off by him.....""Vice Dean Adult...."Listening to these words, Bai En's face stayed blank and felt unbelievable in his heart. Among the dozen or so students, the weakest had the strength of the junior sages, and among them were several junior sages and A senior saint, so even those who meet the power of the Holy One have a certain amount of strength. What he can't believe is that so many of them have been promoted to a holy person for a few days. The battered and wounded students gave the students a feeling of incomprehension.Later, after determining the authenticity of the next thing, Bai En's face suddenly became dignified. At last, with a heavy heart, Bai En came directly to the top of the tower and found the dean of the college. This is really too great. It is far from being solved by Bahn.When Bai En told the director about the general situation, the dean lost his old days of stability. He stood up from his chair with a look of horror and said, "What, what you said was true, it was presented. Ming Xiang, Luo Jian, and Ka Deyun’s three arms were cut off by Chang Yang Xiang Tian.”"Yes, Master Dean, I personally looked at it once. The arms of the three of them were indeed cut off." Bai En said with a solemn face."Oh....." The director sighed heavily and said: "That's a trouble .... This is Changyang Xiangtian. It's too impulsive to do things. The Cady family and Luojia do not care, but Hua Yunzong, this can be It is not what Changyang House can do today.""The dean is a master, what should we do now? It was only after we got out of the kingdom of Gwson that Changyang Xiangtian was such a genius. We couldn't watch a genius with unlimited potential died, otherwise, This is the loss of Mygsen's Kingdom." Vice President Bai En's voice was very heavy.