Chapter Sixty-byeThe dean slammed the meeting and said: “You’re right. Changyang Xiangtian must be insured. Bai En, you stay in college for the time being to stabilize this matter. I’ll immediately go to Changyang. Otherwise, When Hua Yunzong’s master arrives in the college, it can be bad.”Afterwards, the dean did not take the main entrance and jumped out directly from the window in the tower, and then like a big bird, he climbed into the air at a very fast speed, flew away in the distance, and blinked. It disappeared at the end of the sky.Looking at the director who disappeared at the end of the sky, Bai En sighed and murmured, “This time Changyang Xiangtian is really overwhelmed. If it’s just a few people wounded, things will not stop there. In this way, he actually cut off Ming Xiang's arm. Although Ming Xiang’s broken arm was not irretrievable, the condition was too thin. The seventh-order bright teacher was not Chinese. Yunzong can afford it."At this moment, the fact that Ming Xiangxiang’s three arms were cut off by the sword dust has already been rummaged throughout the entire Kargas College. Everyone is talking about the topic of this matter. As the reality of things gradually becomes more apparent. Among the students, the strength of Jian Chen once again shocked all teachers and students in the College of Calgas.While the college was clamoring about the matter, Jian Chen was sitting cross-legged in his dormitory and brooding in his thoughts. When he broke the right arm of Mingxiang's three men, he was already aware that he might have already instigated him. The court was in big trouble, but he did not regret it in his heart. Now, Jian Chen is still thinking quietly about how to deal with the revenge from the three of them.The day passed quickly and it was late in the evening."Oh!"A knock on the door came from the front door of the sword dust dormitory.Wen Sheng, the sword dust sitting cross-legged on the bed and slowly opened his eyes, looked down at the hands of the disappearance of the first-order magic core without a trace, secretly sighed, then the eyes will be invested in the room The direction of the door, said: "Who!""Changyang Xiangtian, I am the vice president Bai En!" The familiar voice of Bai En came from outside the door.Jian Chen immediately got out of bed and walked to the front door to open the door. He saw the white demi, Bai Enzhen, who was wearing a white robe standing straight out of the dorm room, but Bai En's face was not very good at the moment."What is the matter with the deputy dean?" said Jianchen with an open mouth. The tone was very mundane. Although he had already realized what he had in mind, it could not bring the slightest fluctuation to his calm heart.Vice President Bai En looked awkwardly at the sight of Jian Chen and faintly sighed and said, “Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​you can pick up something, and immediately follow me to the Dean’s office.”"Oh!" The Jian Chen faintly shouted, and then said nothing, silently returned to the dormitory to clean up their own stuff.There is not much to be done with sword dust, and some of his own medicine is taken into the belt of space, and then Bai En goes to the only high tower in the center of the college."Oh, you see, that's not Changyang Xiangtian?""Yeah, seeing that he is actually with the dean, it is estimated that it will be severely punished."..."When passing by the playground, the students who recognized the sword dust suddenly focused on him and talked about it.Jian Chen turned a deaf ear to the buzz around him, followed by Bai En's vice president soon after arriving at the high tower in the center of the college, and then went directly to the top of the tower and entered the office of the dean.On the round table of the Dean's office, two old men sat, one of whom was relieved to be the Dean of the Kargath Academy, and the other was wearing a cyan robe. After a simple black hair, the old man was free. In the back, the old man in Qingpao looks bland, and the Buddha is just like an ordinary old man.“The dean is big and Changyang Xiangtian has already arrived!” said Bai En’s dean.Wen Sheng, the director's eyes immediately fell on the Jian Chen body, and then the tone of plain words: "Bel, you go down!"“Yes!” Soon, Bai En walked out. Now, there is only sword dust and the president of the Kargath Academy and the Qingpao old man in the office.Since the sword dust came in, his eyes fell on the old man in Qingpao. He was not unfamiliar with the old man's sword dust, Chang Yang's steward, Chang Bo."Chang Bo, how did you come." Jian Chen looked at the young man in Qingpao and asked.Changbai looked at the sword dust with a complex look and sighed long and said: “The four young masters, we all know what you’ve done in college these days, whether you’re your wife or your mother, I'm very happy. But this time, you are really impulsive."Jian Chen naturally understands what Chang Bo is talking about, and his tone is firm: "Chang Bo, I don't regret it. All of this is because they made their own mistakes. My older brother did not offend them. They actually made my older brother seriously injured. I've never had a chance, I still choose to do it."Chang Bo secretly sighed and said: “The four young masters, I do not oppose your practice. After all, on Tianyuan mainland, everything is respected by strength. Although their strength is not as good as you, but you did not consider them. The forces behind them are only the Cady family and the Luo family. Our Changyang government can barely cope, but Cheng Mingxiang is the only son of Hua Yunzong's contemporary sovereign. Hua Yunzong is in the kingdom of Gerson, but apart from the royal family. The first major force of this is not what our Changyang government can provoke."“Changyang Xiangtian and Hua Yunzong are extremely strong. Even if they are not as royal, they also make the royal family extremely jealous. Among the six strong people in our Godson Kingdom, Hua Yunzong alone accounted for two.” At this time, the dean said with a dignified opening.After listening to this, the look of Jian Chen gradually became dignified.At this time, a soft knock on the door came. Immediately followed by a reverent voice: "The respected Dean, Changyang Tiger has brought!""Come in!" said the dean.When the door opened, I saw a teacher from a college with Chang Yanghu coming in from the outside. Now Changyang Tiger is wearing a brand new school uniform, but there is still a clear trace of scar on his face."Chang Bo!" As soon as he entered the door, Chang Yang Hu discovered that Chang Pei, who was standing beside the president, could not help but shouted openly, with a bit of surprise in his voice.The teacher did not enter the Dean’s office. After the Changyang Tiger was sent to the court, he performed a courtesy ceremony for the dean and then closed the door gently.Changbai's eyes fell on the scars on Changyang Tiger's face. A pair of plain old eyes flashed an angry tone, but the surface was silent and he said: "You are suffering, young master."Changyang Tiger shook his head carelessly and said: "A bit of a small injury, it does not matter, but Chang Bo, how do you come to the school ah." Chang Yang Hu's tone with a bit of doubt.Chang Bo's face remained the same, and the words warmly said: "You are the young master, the four young masters, and things are all put away."Jian Chen quietly nodded and did not speak."I've got things packed up. Chang Bo, are you coming to take us away?" Changyang Hu asked, looking rather sad.Chang Bo nodded his head and said, "Yes, I've come here to take you out this time. Now you are no longer suitable for staying at Karjas College."After listening to these words, Chang Yang Hu's face looked dim for a while. He had already spent a few days in the College of Kargas, and he had developed a special feeling in the heart of the college.“Changyang Tiger, Changyang Xiangtian, you two go out first. I have something to talk to you about Chang Bo.” The dean suddenly said.Both Jian Chen and Chang Yang Hu did not have the slightest disagreement and turned away from the Dean’s office.Both Jian Chen and Chang Yang Hu did not wait outside. Chang Bo quickly came out of the Dean's office. However, now Chang Bo’s look to Jian Chen’s eyes has changed a bit and his eyes are relieved. And happy look.Both Jian Chen and Chang Yang Xiang Tian followed Chang Bo and stepped off the tower. He took a flight from Chang Bo and left the Kargath Academy and flew straight in the direction of Lohr City.Sitting on the back of the flying beast, both the Jian Chen and Chang Yang Tigers did not speak. On their way home, they both appeared to be in a state of conviction.In the mind of Jian Chen, he couldn't help but emerge the kind-hearted look of his mother, Pik Wan Tian. Although Jian Chen’s state of mind is no longer a child, he has never experienced it before. This hard-won motherhood The resistance of sword dust is obviously very low.In the brains of Jian Chen, they couldn't help but recall the scenes of the mother’s concern for his own percentage of life in Changyang’s government, and the love and affection of the mother. The cold heart put Buddha in a warm sea, let him enjoy and cherish.The time passed quietly, the fourth-order Warcraft flying eagle flew in the sky quickly, and the extremely fast speed brought up a roaring wind whistling in the dust of the sword dust, roaring, and sword dust The long black hair that had reached the waist, fluttering in the roaring winds, especially with his handsome and handsome appearance, looked more chic.Flying World of Warcraft crossed the large and small city villages in the dark sky. After several hours of continuous flight, it flew thousands of kilometers and finally arrived in the city of Lohr.Under the control of Chang Bo, the flying eagle beast slowly descended in the backyard of Changyang Palace. The idle people in the backyard had already been evacuated, and some of the guards who stayed here were loyal to the Changyang House.With a gale of wind slamming down from the sky, the flying eagle beast slowly descended from the sky in the backyard of Changyang Palace. The Eagle just fell on the ground and sat on the back of sword dust. Chang Yang Hu and Chang Bo jumped down.In front of the flying eagles, there were already more than a dozen people gathered. The first was a middle-aged man about 40 years old. He was wearing a black and white robe and was the owner of Changyang Palace. The father of sword dust - Changyang tyrants, and standing on the side of Changyang tyrants, standing with four very beautiful women, relieved to be the mother of Jian Chen and the other three aunts. Among the four women, there was still a crowded one. The young girl, who appears to be about ten years old, is the second sister Changyang Bright Moon that has not been seen by Jian Chen for a few months. Alongside the Changyang Bright Moon, there is a boy whose age is similar to sword dust. This is the sword dust. Three long Yang grams, but at this moment Chang Yangke looked to Jian Chen's eyes with a trace of gloating look.Behind them was a group of middle-aged men and several elderly men. They were all high-ranking generations in Changyang. But at the moment, the look of several of them was very serious. Look at the sword. Dust's eyes are full of complexities, gratification, expectation, sighs, and helplessness.Chang Bo walked in front of Changyang’s tyrant and said with a chuckle: “Family, fortunately not humiliating, I have safely brought back young masters and four young masters.” Chang Bo’s expression on his face was dull.The Changyang tyrants arched their hands slightly against Chang Bo, saying: "Chang Bo really has worked hard for you.""The family is polite. It's just my share of things." Chang Bo said lightly.The Changyang tyrant's eyes swept over the Jian Chen and Chang Yang Tigers, and it was gratifying to see the eyes of Jian Chen. It was also a sigh. His face did not know whether he was happy or sad. Finally, Yang Tian issued a long sigh. "Xian Er, Ahu, you two will come with me to the hall." When the words were finished, Chang Yang Pa turns and walks toward the outside.