Chapter 65 The Palace People (1)Both Jian Chen and Chang Yang Hu returned to their mother's side and walked to the main hall of Changyang House with the other two aunts."Ahu, you suffered in the college. You look at the scar on your face...."Walking on the road, the large aunt of Jian Chen exquisitely looked at the scar on the face of Changyang Tiger, his eyes gradually moistened, and tears kept turning in his eyes.Changyang Tiger slyly smiled, and said: "Mother, this is only a minor injury, it does not get in the way, but fortunately, the four brothers saved me, otherwise, then I am afraid that the baby can not get out of bed now."After listening to these words, Exquisite turned his head and looked at the sword dust. A gentle smile appeared on his face and said, "God, this time, I really thank you for saving Ahu."Jian Chen smiled a little and said: “Big aunt, what are you talking about? Big brother is having a hard time. I’m going to help. It’s also something I should say, and it’s still because of me. Big Brother has only been implicated. As long as the big aunt does not blame me, I am very happy."Exquisite smile on his face, said; "A-day, you are more and more sensible, much stronger than we can add Ah."“The big aunt praised!” Jian Chen chuckled, and now he can clearly feel that the aunt's exquisite attitude to himself is much better, at least do not want to always look like a lukewarm face."Mother, you are right in saying this. The strength of the four younger brothers can be severe. When he is less than the Holy One, he can alone hunt second-order World of Warcraft, and when the strength of the four younger brothers is promoted to the Holy One. Even in our Kargath Academy, there are titles of cultivation geniuses, and Cheng Mingxiang, whose strength has reached the high level of the saints, is not the opponent of the fourth brother. He was knocked over by the younger brothers in the next three times, and there was still More than a dozen students with a strength above the Holy One are besieging their four younger brothers. They are all easily wounded by their four younger brothers.” As soon as we talked about this, the Changyang Tiger was particularly excited and said with excitement: “Niang, you didn’t Seeing the scene at that time, the scene was spectacular. The four younger brothers used the power of one person to just open the eyes and put the dozen or so people to the black and blue wounds. The dozens of strengths were in the primary and intermediate saints. There is no way for people to fight back before their four younger brothers."After listening to these words, Jian Yun’s mother, Pik Wantian, smiled with a happy smile on her face, and she looked into Jian Chen’s eyes with full of kindness.    "Humph!"At this moment, a cold hum came from the side, and saw the three aunts of Jian Chen’s three-a-boo with frost on his face. They said coldly: “Absolutely powerful, but you’ve gotten offended by Hua Yunzong. This is simply a big problem for us in Changyang."Jian Bum brow slightly, his three aunt Bai Yushuang, since he was very young, he always had a prejudice against him. For Bai Yushuang's remarks, Penny's mother, Pik Wantian, felt very dissatisfied with her heart. However, because she was the son of her, she felt a burst of blame and his relationship with Bai Yushuang was not good. She is also not good at excusing anything, otherwise it will only make a minor conflict constantly upgrade."Forget it, Sanmei, things have already happened, and now it is useless to say that this is a good idea to think about how to cope with this matter." Jian Chen's two aunt Yu Fengyan open mouth mediation Road."Forget it, Sanmei, after all, Xiang Tian is also trying to save Ahu from this scourge, and things can't be completely blamed on Xiang Tian." The big aunt was exquisite and was also born as a sword dust.Seeing that there are actually two people arguing for the sword dust, Bai Yushuang whispered and suddenly stopped talking.Pik Wantian sighed lightly. His eyes were kind and he looked at Jian Chen in sorrow. "Xiang Er, what you have done at Karjas Academy is known to all of us. We pride ourselves on your mother, but How could you be so impulsive? Actually, the arm of Hua Yunzong’s contemporary lord son was cut off. Do you know that you are not only causing great trouble for yourself, but also involving the entire Changyang government?”There was a faint look on Jian Chen's face and said: "I'm sorry, Mother, I have brought such a big trouble to my family.""Hang Tian ah, things have already happened. You shouldn't blame yourself. Now let's quickly discuss the matter in the main hall." Two aunts Yu Fengyan said.Afterwards, a group of people gradually stepped up and walked toward the main hall.At this moment, in a resplendent palace, the king of the kingdom of Gerson looked at the letter in his hand, and his brows were tight together. After a long time, the Majestic King sighed long and said: “This is Changyang Xiangtian. It was so impulsive that he actually committed such a big mistake and cut off the right arm of Hua Yunzong's son Ming Xiangxiang. This was a big problem. Hua Yunzong, this is not what Changyang is today. It can fight."His Majesty the King slowly put his letter on the table and shouted, "Come on, and let the armored army lead the knife and immediately come here.""Yes, Your Majesty!"When the King's voice fell down, an eunuch immediately ran out.Soon, a middle-aged man about 40 years old wearing a black armor was walked in from the outside. The middle-aged man was plain, with a strong fortitude and a pair of eyes, but what was most striking was that There is an unusual scar on the middle-aged man's forehead, and the scar runs across the entire forehead, and it looks so terrifying.The middle-aged man stopped at a distance of ten feet from the king's majesty, and he surrendered: "Your Majesty, I do not know what to do with the minister."The King’s Majesty slowly stood up and came to the middle-aged man with a letter on the desk. “You take it and see!”Hearing that, the middle-aged man wearing a black armor took the letter from the King's majesty, and when he opened, he began to read it, but when he finished watching, his face became very dignified."Oh, I didn't expect him to have suffered such a big catastrophe." The black young people sighed for a long time, and they looked a little worried.“Young people are always aggressive and impulsive.” The king sighed, and said, “Bea! Since you joined the Iron Armor in my palace two decades ago, you’ve never been back in these years. Today, by taking this opportunity, you will go back and have a look."“Yes, Your Majesty!” A complex look flashed in the eyes of young people in the armored armies.The face of His Majesty King suddenly grew serious and said, “Beatsu, this time, when you go back, you must persuade the people of Changyang Fuchu to send Changyang Xiangtian as quickly as possible. Otherwise, once you let Huayun The people who came to the door came to him. The trouble was great. Only when Changyang Xiangtian was sent out, and we were mediating with us, we could temporarily stabilize the conflict between Changyang and Huayunzong. Now the neighboring countries Just around the corner, it seems that they have not let go of the idea of ​​infringing on the territory of the kingdom of Gerson, and in this section, I have absolutely no chance of accidental accidents in the interior of King Gerson. Otherwise, the consequences would be unthinkable."“Changyang is a talented man with unlimited potential and unlimited future potential. He may be the only hope of my Godson kingdom for hundreds of years. Therefore, Changyang Xiangtian must keep it, although we cannot guarantee his future growth. The road is going well, but at least we will never allow him to have an accident in the kingdom of Gerson." The voice of the king is very dignified.After listening to these words, a look of pride and joy in the face of Tiejia Youth Forced the slightest excitement in his heart and said, “Your Majesty, the Blue Knife understands, and the Knife knows what to do.”The Majesty of the King nodded slowly and said, "They can't be too late. You are now set off for the Changyang Palace. With your strength, I believe we can reach Changyang before dawn.""Yes, Your Majesty."In the main hall of the Changyang Palace, Changyang Pa Damascus’s gold knife sits on the main seat, and on both sides below him, he sits with Jian Chen, his several aunts, and several key figures from Changyang Fuchu. In the first place under Chang Yang Pa, the relieved seated was the regular housekeeper.Changyang's overbearing face and sorrow, his eyes looked complicated and he looked at the sword dust below. Then he began to say: “The things that happened in Xiang’s college must have been known, and the arms of the son of Hua Yunzong’s contemporary sovereign were caught. When the children are cut off, Hua Yunzong will certainly not stop and do not know what good solutions you can have.After listening to this statement, everyone was silent and Hua Yunzong was the first major force in the kingdom of Gerson, except for the royal family. Even the royal family was very jealous of the power of the sect. It was not what Changyang is today. He was able to parry, and Ming Ming Xiangui was the only son of the contemporary sovereign of Hua Yunzong, and he was a talented and talented person. At the moment, he was cut off by his sword and dust, and that will cause future roads and achievements. It is no exaggeration to say that the very large influence of the sword dust has completely destroyed Ming Xiang. For this matter, it is very clear in the hearts of everyone sitting. Hua Yunzong is absolutely not going to do so.After the silence of the meeting, finally an elderly man of sixty years old spoke: “The best solution now is to ask a bright teacher to make Ming Chengxiang alive again, but only the seven-step bright sages have The strength to regenerate limbs is simply not what we asked for, and the Seventh-order bright sages are very scarce on the Tianyuan mainland, and all of them are indeterminate, and it is difficult to find them if you want to find them. It is almost impossible to restore the Ming Xiang Xiang arm.""Oh, that's right. According to me, this is the only way to calm Hua Yunzong's anger so far. In addition, there is no other way, even if the royal family is willing to stand on our side to help us all, but I think Hua Yunzong will never give up, but what is certain is that the four young masters are difficult to save.” A middle-aged man analyzed.The middle-aged men and old men sitting in the Changyang Mansion are all high-ranking generations. They have long heard of the performance of Jian Chen in the college, but in their hearts, they have pinned down on the future of Changyang Mansion. In Jian Chen's body, now that although Jian Chen has caused a major trouble for Changyang, no one has blamed him. Everyone is trying hard to keep him. In addition, there is the sword dust and the kingdom of Gerson. The Grand Princess of China was married, and if this is a personal matter, then Changyang’s status in the kingdom of Gerson is also rising."If the old ancestors are just fine." An old man uttered a helpless sigh.Hearing words, Chang Bo’s eyes light up and sighed. “Yeah, if the owner is still there, we don’t have to meet together to discuss and discuss this matter. Unfortunately, the owner has been away for several decades without any information. I don't know if I failed."After hearing this, everyone in the hall was silent.Jian Chen’s heart moved slightly. In the ten years of Changyang’s government, although he had never heard of such topics as ancestors and Chang Bo’s masters, he had insinuated that he had inferred something from these words. It is clear that the old ancestors in the crowd and the masters in Chang Bokou should be the same person, and this person is not only powerful and powerful, but he can also fearlessly possess Huayunzong who has two strong men. This person is even his own ancestor.This problem did not linger in the dust of the sword for a long time. He was quickly thrown away by the sword dust. He looked at the quiet people in the hall. The sword dust slightly hesitated and suddenly said: "Oh, it's better to call it Chang Boyong. Flying World of Warcraft sent me out, as long as I no longer Changyang Fuchu, I believe even if Hua Yunzong people really come, they will not do anything excessive.""No!""No!"The voice of Jian Chen just fell and the voices of Pik Wantian and Changyang Pa both began to sound at the same time.Bi Yuntian grasped the hands of Jian Chen with his hands tightly, gradually appeared some water mist in his eyes, finally quickly integrated the tears and rushed out. He said with a weeping voice: “Xian Er, don’t say silly words, Tianyuan’s is very Dangerousness is far from being as simple as you think. You never see the outside world. You simply do not know the survival rules of the outside world, and your strength is low. Your mother will never let you do stupid things."