Chapter 66 The People of the Palace (2)"Yes, Xiang Er, your mother is right. The outside world is not as calm as it is in the college. It is full of killing everywhere. With your current strength, there is no ability to survive. This idea, you will stop. I will definitely not promise it.” Changyang’s tyrant said with a heavy heart, his voice was dull, but he was very determined to negate the idea of ​​sword dust.In the dust of the sword, I already knew that my idea was difficult to pass through my family's agreement. However, he did not lose heart and continued: "Hey, mother, don't worry, the strength of the baby is not strong, but I have self-protection. The ability, and I can see a lot of books in the college, has long been familiar with the way of life on the Tianyuan continent, and after the children are severe Changyang House, will also alleviate a lot of trouble for the Changyang government.""The four young masters, things are not as simple as you think. Once Hua Yunzong knows that you are no longer living in Changyang, I am afraid that you will send a lot of manpower to find you. In order to find you, Hua Yunzong's forces in the kingdom of Gerson It is not a difficult task.” The person who spoke was a gray-haired old man. In the hearts of these old people, sword dust had already become the hope of the future of Changyang Palace. No one wanted him to die halfway.The fifteen-year-old sages have such strength that they are not weaker than the high-level saints and even the Holy Ones. Therefore, even if they are placed on the Tianyuan Continent, they are absolutely shocking. Perhaps, today's sword dust In the minds of some of them, it is no longer a single person, but a living treasure, a rare treasure that exudes infinite light and brings them infinite wealth.Therefore, in the minds of top senior citizens in Changyang, the only idea now is how to preserve the sword dust and prevent him from being hurt in the slightest way so as not to affect the future.Jian Chen smiled a little confidently on his face and said: "We do not have to worry about this. I learned a lot about living on the mainland in the college's library. I believe I can get rid of Hua Yunzong's hunt. ”"No, Xiang Er, this is too risky, not worth doing." Chang Yang Pa directly denied Jian Chen's proposal and continued: "Xiang Er, don't worry, Hua Yunzong's strength is huge, but I'm Changyang. The government is not a good persimmon, and although your grandfather and grandfather have disappeared for many years, the prestige he once stayed in is still there. Hua Yunzong absolutely cannot dare to say anything about me in Changyang. You stay in Fuchu, We will do our best to keep you."The dust in the sword dust secretly sighed, from the firm tone of Chang Yang Pa, he has already heard the father's absolute will not agree with this idea.“Yeah, Xiang Er, your idea is really too risky. Even if you can get rid of Hua Yunzong’s hunt, the living environment of Tianyuan is far from being as simple as you’ve learned from the book. You’re still awkward. Stay in Changyang Fuchu. At least you and your uncles will try their best to save you.” Pik Wantian also quietly discouraged Jian Chen.“Cough!” Chang Yang Pa coughed and said: “Well, now we all discuss how to deal with Hua Yunzong. I’m guessing that Hua Yunzong has gotten the news now, and it will soon reach Luo Er. In the city, time can be described as very urgent.” Chang Yangba’s face regained his former dignity.The people in the hall were once again silenced, all frowning thoughtfully."It's better to ask the royal family for help. After all, the four young masters and the Gran Princess of the Gerson kingdom have a marriage. After all, the four young masters are also the sons of the next king. Now that the sons and daughters are in trouble, I think the majesty of the king will not sit idly by. ” Someone said.Hearing words, Chang Bo mused about the meeting, and then said: "If the royal family is willing to stand on our side and help us all, then we can temporarily suppress this matter, but this will inevitably cause Hua Yunzong to the royal family. Dissatisfaction, but now it is a very special time. The surrounding countries have been secretly deploying their troops in a state of disorientation in recent years. It is estimated that they intend to invade this fertile territory in the kingdom of Gerson, at this crucial moment. I don’t think the Majesty of the king could not be in a stumbling relationship with Hua Yunzong. After all, this is a major event related to the survival of Gerson’s Kingdom. Ah, the two Sky Masters of Hua Yunzong are missing, and the Gerson Kingdom is a top master. It simply cannot confront other countries.""Although the potential of the four young masters is great, it is also a hope for the kingdom of Gerson. However, the future accomplishments of the four young masters are not clear, and now the young masters are still young and need a long period of growth. At the critical moment when the war is about to end, the Kingdom of Gerson does not have so much time to wait. Perhaps the kingdom of Gerson has already died at that time, and in the eyes of the King, the genius is important, but it is far more than Not a kingdom, if even the country is gone, even if there is a strong support behind it, after all, creating a country is really too difficult, so, I do not think the royal family will fully help us."Afterwards, the people in the hall were thinking about various methods. Throughout the night, they did not come up with any solution.Soon, one night passed quickly in the atmosphere of ten people in the hall. At this moment, the sky was already gray and it was close to the early morning. After a whole night's consultation, everyone looked tired.At this time, a guard from Changyang Prefecture came in from the outside and said: "They told the owner that someone who claimed to be a sword knife came to the house and said that he wanted to see you."“Yes!” Hearing words, Changyang Pa whispered with a hint of speculative look in his eyes. Then his eyes lit up, and he immediately stood up from his chair, anxiously: “Come and invite him to come in!”"Yes!" The guards claimed their lives and quickly retreated.At the time of hearing the name of the Knife, the jerk in the bottom of the sky clearly shuddered slightly, showing a pleasant look in her eyes, but then the look became complicated again.He noticed a change in his mother's face and a faint look in the eyes of the sword dust. The man who called the sword knife had never heard of him. However, from the reflection of his mother's look, most of the swords and swords had a relationship with his mother. .Jian Chen gently touched Pik Wan-tian and whispered, "Why, who is this person who calls the sword?"Pik Wantian looked back slightly and looked at Jian Chen in a loving manner. "Well, Xiang Xiang, I will tell you this thing.""Huh!" Jian Chen nodded and said nothing.Soon, a middle-aged man wearing a black robe and a formidable man walked in from the outside. The middle-aged man looked fortitude and his eyes sharpened from time to time. In the middle-aged man's forehead, At first, there was this scar that traversed the entire forehead.Chang Yang Pa left his post and went to the center of the main hall. He smiled and said: "Yes, my brother, I didn't expect to see it in twenty years. I don't know if I came in."The middle-aged man who had been a sword cut his hand slightly and said: "Okay." He said here, the sound of the blue knife paused, the eyes stayed on the sword dust mother and son, and then turned back: "We still directly into the whole Well, this time I came here under the command of the King, and at the same time, I passed the word to the King!"Hearing words, Changyang Pa face suddenly became serious, and asked: "Ping Shu brother, is it possible that Chener is not a thing?"Peijian nodded and said, "Yes, your Majesty the King immediately sent Changyang Xiangtian out of the city and away from the city of Lol. Only in this way can you temporarily avoid the conflict between Changyang and Huayunzong."Wen Yang, Chang Yang Pa frowned, in his mind, obviously very reluctant to do so.The Knife continued: “This time the incident was a bit too big. It was Ming Xiangxiang who was the only son of the Hua Yunzong Sovereign, and the talented people were the pillars of Hua Yunzong’s future, and Chang Yang’s days were broken. Being Ming Xiang's right arm, this non-agglutination was ruined by Ming Xiang. Therefore, Hua Yunzong will definitely not easily give up on this matter."“Huayunzong has two Sky Masters. It is not what the Changyang government is able to confront. Although there are also two Sky Masters in the royal family, it is a very moment. The surrounding kingdom has begun to take off in recent years. As soon as expected, I will once again face the baptism of the war once again. At this time, His Majesty the King will definitely not offend Huayunzong. Therefore, only Changyang Xiangtian will be sent out and added. The adjustment of the royal family in the middle was only able to calm down the matter for the time being and preserve the strength of my kingdom of Gerson.""Is there no other way?" This time I was talking about Jiangu's two aunt Yu Fengyan."No!" The sword knife shook his head, his tone full of affirmation.Pik Wan-tian’s face has turned pale, and her tone of trembling said: “You can be sinister outside, but Xiang’s strength is still weak, and it will certainly suffer a lot.”The Bi knife looked deeply into the sword dust sitting beside Pik Wan Tian and said: "If you suffer from bitterness and suffering, you will be the best person and you will not experience wind and rain. How can you grow into a person who can stand alone? You pamper him. Not only is it not good for him, but it will harm him."After listening to these words, several high-level officials in Changyang made a slight nod, and the words of the sword could be said to be reasonable.Chang Yang Pa is still a hesitant look.After watching the dust for a week, he knew that his current opportunity had come. He immediately cracked the iron and said, "Oh, let's let the baby leave. The baby is confident that he can handle everything that happens in the future, and he wants to go in the heart of the baby. There is a lot of outside.""Homeowner, since the four young masters are also interested in going outside, it's better to let the young masters leave the city of Lorra. The sword is right. This is not only the only way to avoid the conflict between Changyang and Huayunzong. Can also play a good experience for the four young masters, not experiencing the wind and rain, even if the talent in the four master talent is extraordinary, the ultimate achievement is limited." At this time, Chang Bo said, opening.After listening to these words, Changyang Pa sighed helplessly and said: "Of course, since Chang Bo you agree with this proposal, let Xiang Er leave the city of Lorra, go outside to experience it, I let a few faithful His guards left with Xiang to protect his safety outside."As soon as I heard that I wanted to send guards to myself, Jian Chen's brow couldn't help but cry. "Oh, don't send guards. I want to go out alone.""Xianer, it's too dangerous for you to go out alone. Calling a few guards at least guarantees that you will not be bullied." Pik Wan Tian clutched Jian Chen's hand tightly, and said with concern that even today, she is powerless. Returning to heaven, only accept this reality."No, Niang, I don't want to bring guards out. The goal is really too big. I think I'll be more convenient for myself alone." Jian Chen's attitude is very firm. In fact, he seems to be with him. The escort is totally a drag, and once outside, he is not likely to save his strength so cautiously at home. There are many secrets in him that should not be known to the family.