Chapter 67: BiFor this thing that the sword dust does not want to guard, Changyang Pa, although strongly opposed, but the attitude of the sword dust in this matter is very firm, and finally Changyang tyrants helpless, only to agree that the sword dust do not send guards.After everything was discussed, the Bi knife re-opened: "According to the news I got in the palace, Hua Yunzong has already got news and is rushing towards Lorra, estimated that by noon at the latest, China The people of Yunzong will arrive in Lohr City, so you should send Changyang Xiangtian away from Lohr City as soon as possible. Otherwise, it will be too late to be late."Hearing that the people in the hall could not help but face seriousness, Chang Bo stood up from his chair and said: "Now, let your four young masters clean up and wait until I use the Flying Eagles to take off the four young masters. ”Afterwards, everyone went out of the hall."Xiang Er, go, go to the room of the mother, the mother must tell you something." Just out of the main hall, Pik Wantian took his sword dust toward his room.After entering his room, Pik Wantian took the sword dust and sat down on the chair. At the moment, she was already in tears. Because she was very clear in her heart that after the dust had left this time, their mother and son would be in the future for a long time. Unable to meet, and on Tianyuan, where the human heart is in danger and the situation is complicated, the sword dust does not know how much hardship it will take. Maybe once the worst result is met, this time it will be their mother and son's last meeting."Xian Er, now you are not small, and will leave soon, there are some things, mother should also let you know." Pik Wantian's face is hung with crystal clear tears, said: "Xiang Er, are you not It's very strange, why you don't have grandpa, no grandma."Jian Chen nodded slightly and did not speak.Pik Wan Tin went on to say, “Xiang Er, actually the mother is not a person in the Godson kingdom, but is one of the three major empires of the mainland, the Carrara Empire, and our Bijia family is also inherited for thousands of years in the Calare Empire. The great families and great families are far more powerful than today's Hua Yunzong, and in the city of King City in the Lacal Empire, we stayed in the first family of the Inferno City for hundreds of years. Because, in our family, your grandfather is a super strong man who has achieved the power of St King, and in addition to your grandfather and grandfather, the strength of four other great grandfathers has reached the level of the sky. Served as our old parents."Saying here, Pik Wantian sighed and said: “Unfortunately, it was not a long time. Thirty years ago, when your mother was still young, your grandfather was no longer heard when he was out, and he never returned. I don’t know what happened, and just two years after your grandfather’s disappearance, two of our four elders separated out to find your grandfather, but the two went out to look for your grandfather’s grandfather. The elders had just set off for two days, and an amazing news was introduced into our Bijia family. The two elders who went out to find your grandfather and grandfather were actually killed in the wild." With regard to this, Pik Wan-tian's face was full of sadness.“This news is for us. No condensate is a good day. The two elders all have the strength of the Sky Master. Even if they are placed on the Tianyuan mainland, they are considered to be extremely strong. But they did not think of them. Both of them were actually killed, and they did not even have the chance to escape. From this point, we also realized that the enemies in the dark have already had strong and powerful enemies and launched actions against my blue family. Maybe your grandfather is already Encountered unexpectedly."“Unfortunately, the enemy simply did not give us time to breathe. Just on the night we learned of the killing of the two elders, a large number of mystery people broke into our Blue House and they were very powerful. The two remaining elders of our Blue family could not be completely suppressed, but in the end, they were killed by them. Seeing that our Bijia family was even the most powerful two elders who were also dead, our Blue family could no longer resist the other strong person. At that time, your grandparents and some guardians who were loyal to us were fleeing to protect me from the blood of a group of Bi families. In the end, only me and you both escaped. You and I, two of you, hid in a small family home in the city of Inferno for the time being to avoid the search of those people.”"It was a few days that I and you were hiding.After the calm, our two talents changed their names and concealed their names. The mercenary escort the caravan before leaving the Inferno City and finally came to the Gerson. ”The tears continued to pour out from the eyes of Pik Wantian, and the look on her face was full of sadness and pain. “The son of Xiang, who was brilliant at that time and the thousands of Bi families, is now only our two mothers and yours. Now, you must remember that the bloodstream of Changyang House is flowing in your body and half of it is the bloodline of the Bi family. The continuation of our Bi family depends on you. Therefore, you must keep yourself outside. Understand?"Jian Chen nodded silently, but in his heart he had rolled up the waves, and he could not calm down for a long time. The impact of his mother Pik Wan-day's words brought to Jian Chen was too great.After a moment, Jian Chen finally slowly calmed down, and asked: "Now, don't we all know the identity of the mysterious people? It belongs to which forces."Pik Wantian shook his head and said: "I don't know. At that time, Niang and you were still young, and you didn't know much about it. So you didn't know who they were. It was estimated that our two elders knew it. But they are all dead."Saying that Pik Wan-day had pulled out a red kit from her arms and stared blankly at it, she put Buddha in her memory and murmured, “Xiang Er, before the end of your grandfather, he made this proposal. Giving the mother, saying that this is the treasure of our Bijia family, it was passed from generation to generation of the ancestors, and it has been circulated for thousands of years so that I must be well preserved, and those mysterious people are also responsible for this. It was only to destroy my Bi."Jian Chen's eyes fell on the red kit and he asked, "Mother, what's in there?""There was only a piece of skin that was less than the size of a slap. There was no use whatsoever. The mother was not clear." Then, Pik Wantian put a red tip into the hands of the sword dust and said, "Well, though this The kit is loaded with only a piece of fur, but since it is our family's heirloom, that bag must not be so simple. Now that you are the only bloodline of our family, the mother should give it to you. Well, I hope you can keep it, but you'd better not get it out of the red, although it's hard to meet someone who knows what's inside, but don't be afraid of ten thousand.Jian Chen clutched his red kit tightly and silently nodded."Oh!"At this moment, a burst of knocked on the door suddenly heard the knock on the door. Pik Wan wiped the tears on her face and said, "Who is it!"There was no sound outside the door. A long time later, a voice came in from the door: "My sister, it's me."Hearing this familiar voice, Jian Chen’s face squints, because this sound was heard just before he happened to be the middle-aged man from the imperial palace named Peik.Hearing this sound, a complex look flashed across Pik Wan's face. "Go in."The door opened and a middle-aged man in a black robe came in slowly from the outside.Pik Wantian stood up from his chair and looked at the Bi knife. He said bitterly: "Brother, twenty years have passed. You finally came to visit your sister. I thought you had forgotten me long ago."Jian Chen eyes slightly condensate, from the mother's call to this middle-aged man, he already knew that this middle-aged man is his own.“Oh....” The Bi knife sighed long and said: “Sister, I’m sorry, it’s the wrong brother. I’ve never seen you in these 20 years. Actually, Big Brother hasn’t forgotten you. It's just a burden on Big Brother. It is too heavy. I hate the hatred of our family. I have to report it. My older brother has only lived for hatred."Pik Wantian sighed, then turned to look at the sword dust, softly said: "Xiang Er, he is your close friend - the sword."“Hey!” exclaimed Jiangu, for the first time he had heard of it and saw it for the first time.The sword looked down at the sword dust and his face couldn't help but notice a faint smile. "Auntie, I also heard about your achievements at the Karjas Academy in the Imperial Palace. It's fine. You're worthy of us. The sons and daughters of the Bi family, I hope you will work hard and don't let us all disappoint."Having said this, the face of the sword suddenly became serious. In front of Pik Wantian, she said, “Sister, I know you are very reluctant to leave Xiangtian, but there is no way to do it. Today’s Changyang House is not Yunzong’s opponent, who left Xiang Tian in Changyang, was not only difficult to keep him, but also had no benefit to Changyang. Maybe Changyang’s government would end up with the same end of my game with me. Now, let’s quickly make it. Xiang Tian left. If it's late, he can't walk even if he wants to go."Pik Wantian nodded slightly. Now that the royal family does not want to stand on their side, she does not understand this truth.Subsequently, Pik Wantian burst into tears and prepared some necessary supplies and some clothing for the sword dust. He immediately left the room with sword dust.After coming to Changyang House's backyard, several aunts of Jian Chen and Changyang Pa and Chang Bo have already arrived here, and in the backyard, the large-sized flying eagle beguilingly lies there.Changyang Tiger grabbed the arm of Jian Chen and looked at him solemnly. The tone was full of concern and said: "Four younger brothers, you must take care of yourself outside. Do you know?"Jian Chen nodded and smiled. "Take it easy, Big Brother, I will take care of myself, but after I'm gone, you don't want to be lazy. We must definitely study the fighting skills."Changyang Tigers nodded his head and said firmly: "I will, four younger brothers, this time is the strength of the eldest brother and drags you down. In the future, Big Brother, I must work hard."At this time, the second sister Changyang Mingyue of sword dust came to the front of the sword dust, and then delivered a sachet to the front of the sword dust, said: "Four brothers, this is a peace sign that the second sister did for you, I wish you The outside can be safe, but you must keep it in your body."Now Changyang Bright Moon is 18 years old, and it has become a big, slim girl. Her appearance is even more beautiful and full of flowers.Jian Chen took the peace symbol that Changyang delivered from the moon, although he knew that this symbol did not give him any substantial role. When this was at least his second sister's intention."Thank you, my sister, I will take good care of this peace." Jian Chen smiled a little on his face.This is the Changyang tyrant pulls out a ring from his arms and said: "Xian Er, this space ring is already ready for you. It was originally intended to wait for you after graduating from college to give you, but now It doesn't seem to be waiting for so long. Now, you have given this space ring to you. You have already prepared some necessary items for you.""Thank you!" With complex feelings, Jian Chen quietly took the space ring."Xian Er, the space ring is a very valuable item on Tianyuan mainland. If you don't have enough strength, don't expose this space ring to avoid unnecessary trouble for you." Chang Yang Pa The face was solemnly said.Jian Chen nodded. "Oh, the babe understands."