Chapter 68 Baiyun CityAfter saying goodbye to the crowd, Jian Chen, led by Chang Bo, went directly to the Flying Eagle and flew from the city of Lohr.Sitting on the back of the flying eagle, the sword dust lowered his head and stared blankly at the large city under a few kilometers, and his mood became complicated. Now, it is he who came to this world fifteen. For the second time, he left Changyang for the second time and left Lohr City.The first departure was to study at Kargath Academy, but this time the departure was completely different. In the dust of the sword, I knew that after leaving this time, I would not be able to meet with my family again for a long time, and after leaving this time, He himself must be alone in the sinister, full of the Tianyuan continent full of murderous turmoil, and everything will depend on him. Later, Jian Chen may not even know that he still has the opportunity to meet with his family again. After all, he From the book, we have learned enough about the Tianyuan Continent's form. This is a world with strong respect. In the Tianyuan Continent, everything is spoken in terms of strength. It is even more sinister than the rivers and lakes in his previous life. The strength is on this treacherous continent and nobody knows what will happen in the future.Pan Chang, who sat cross-legged on a flying eagle beast, looked at his pensive sword dust and said: “The four young masters, everything depends on yourself. You must be careful when you are on the mainland. .""I know what to do, Chang Bo." The sword dust will not, whispered.Chang Bo deeply looked at the sword and dust, secretly sighed, and then did not say anything.The eagle beast flew straight in the sky of several thousand meters in the red day just from the line of heaven and earth. The high wind whistled in the ear, and the fierce wind blew the sword dust and chaobo. Long hair flying, clothes fluttering.Flying Eagles all the way across several large and small cities and villages, just as the sun is going down, the flying eagles finally flew over a small city.Looking at the careful town below, the sword dust suddenly said: "Chang Bo, sent me here."Hearing words, Chang Bo looked down at the small city below the eye and nodded slightly. "Yeah!" Immediately, Chang Bo controlled the falcon beast and stopped at ten miles outside the gate.The sword dust leapt from the eagle beast and turned back to Chang Bo. “Chang Bo, you still go back quickly. Now Hua Yunzong has estimated that he has come to Changyang.”Chang Bo nodded on the flying eagle beast and said: "The four young masters, you take care of yourself."Jian Chen waved his hand to Chang Bo, and then he headed back to the city ten miles away.Chang Bo sat on the site of the Flying Eagle and stayed there. His eyes closely commented on the back of the sword dust. Until the sword dust disappeared into his eyes, he sighed and said to himself: “The four young masters, I hope to once again You can surprise me when you meet each other.” The wings of the eagle beasted fiercely, and as the sand flew away and the smoke filled the air, Chang Bo quickly took to the air and returned in the direction of coming. .Now that the sun in the sky is going down, the sky is showing a dusk. When the sword dust has reached the road leading to the small town in front of it, there are still many people on the avenue walking toward the city's front, but they are almost always Some ride on a variety of Warcraft mercenaries and some caravans.The emergence of sword dust naturally attracted the attention of some people. Many mercenaries looked at him with a bit of vigilance, but when they saw his age from the young face of sword dust, the vigilance in his eyes The color suddenly disappeared.Jian Chen looked at these mercenaries who were riding all kinds of World of Warcraft. The mercenaries who looked at them all looked in their twenties and forties and forties, armored, and skinned. There is also clothing, when approached, Jian Chen obviously felt that these mercenaries were accompanied by a bloody atmosphere. He experienced, naturally understand that these mercenaries have gone through the killing of the baptism.Ten miles away is not very far away. Soon the sword dust rushed. Jian Chen looked up at the twenty-meter-high wall in front of him. The city wall obviously did not know how many years it had existed, and it was not maintained for years. The relentless years have left clear traces on the tall walls, and on the top of the gates, the dragon flutters with three characters—Baiyun City."Hey, stop, what are you doing?"Just after the sword dust passed through the gate of the city, he was taken down by a guard.Jian Chen chuckled, reaching out from the space belt took out a few coins hidden in the hands of the guard and said: "This elder brother, I am a mercenary, to come to Baiyun City is a natural task. ”The guard blinked his eyes with a few golden coins in his hands, and his face immediately piled up and smiled. "Oh, since you have a quest, then I will not delay your precious things. Go in."After entering Baiyun City, sword dust once again walked two or three kilometers and came to a bustling neighborhood. Although the setting sun has fallen, the downtown area is still full of prosperity. There are endless streams of people coming and going in the streets. On both sides of the street, there are numerous shops packed with various items.The ground of the street is completely made up of a large piece of stone. The surface is very smooth, so the inside is very smooth. Even if the vehicle runs at an unpleasant speed, it will not feel the slightest jolt.The sword dust rubbed his stomach, and then he spotted a restaurant on the side of the street and walked straight in. He hadn't eaten all day, and now his stomach is hungry."Objective please!"With a warm welcome from a small shop, Jian Chen looked for an empty table to sit down.“Keguan, I don’t know if you want to stay in or eat.” The shop is a young man about 20 years old with a professional smile on his face and it makes people feel warm.Jian Chen's eyes glanced at some mercenaries who were chatting loudly in the eye-catching restaurant and said in a mild tone: "I don't know what you have eaten.Subsequently, the shop two immediately introduced the various things in the building for the sword dust, but these dishes are all the most expensive in this restaurant. Because the store had already seen him as a wealthy son from the luxurious clothes worn by the Jian Chen.Jian Chen also did not care about the price of these dishes, and casually ordered a few things he had never eaten.After eating and drinking, Jian Chen opened a medium-sized room in this restaurant, and then went straight to the room to rest.This restaurant is obviously not high-end goods. It is very simple and simple in this medium-sized room. Compared with Changyang Mansion, it is a difference of a hundred thousand miles. It is not at all in one grade. The room is made of hardwood. Outside the wooden bed, there is only one table, a few chairs, and nothing else. However, when the room is clean, it is very clean.Jian Chen has never been a picky habit. Such a room is already quite satisfactory to him.Close the door, sword dust sat down in front of the bed, and then took out the space ring he gave him when he left and opened the item directly.The space ring is worthy of high-grade goods, and the space inside it is much larger than a belt. There are nearly one hundred square feet. In the center of the space ring, piled up a small pile of objects, things are not many, and there are hundreds of them. Compared with the square of space, this small pile of items is not even satisfied with a corner.In this pile of articles, there are thousands of purple gold coins shining with purple light and tens of thousands of gold coins that emit this golden light. In addition to these properties, there is a small pile of magic nucleus, probably only about forty or fifty pieces. The second-order magic nucleus accounts for the majority, and the third-order magic nucleus has only ten stars, including one fourth-order one.Looking at these things in the space ring, for a time, the hearts of Jian Chen felt warm. Although there are not many things, they are all very practical, and they are exactly what the sword dust needs. From this point, Sufficient to see Changyang dominance of the sword dust.Jian Chen carefully placed the space ring close to him. He did not forget what his father said to him before leaving. Before his own strength was stronger, he could not let the space ring be exposed to people's eyes because the space ring was not Unlike the space belt, it is very common. The space ring is very precious on the Tianyuan continent. Although there are many people with space rings, they are all powerful or well-to-do aristocrats. They have sufficient strength and protection. Own property.Sitting cross-legged on the bed, Jian Chen took out several magic nuclei from the space belt and held it in his hand. Then he slowly closed his eyes and entered the state of cultivation.The energy in the magic nucleus is absorbed by the sword dust at a very terrible speed. If someone is present at this moment, he will surely see the magic nucleus in the hands of the sword dust radiating a faint glow of light that has leaked from inside the magic nucleus. The energy is only rich and has formed a vague, visible energy ribbon, covering the body of sword dust. At the same time, the number of first-order magic nuclei held by the sword dust in their hands is also rapidly shrinking.Since the breakthrough of the sword dust strength to the Holy One, Dantian Zhong inexplicably appeared in a purple light and two light spots, he became very difficult in the cultivation of the road, although he absorbed the speed of heaven and earth more than ten times faster than before However, only the pitiful one hundred percent of the strength actually absorbed by him is. Although the energy in the magic core is absorbed a bit faster than before, the consumption of the magic nuclei is not large Can afford it.In the hands of a few first-order magic nucleus only used an hour to be absorbed by the sword dust, then, the sword dust continue to take out several first-order magic nuclei out of the space belt out to continue cultivation, but fortunately he There are still hundreds of first and second-order magic nucleus in the space belt, although not much, but at least it can maintain his days of cultivation required, and in the space belt he gave him, there are ten to three Level magic nukes, and there are two fourth-order magic nuclei.The next day, when the sun on the day had risen to high altitude, sword dust only recovered from the state of cultivation. On this night, just practicing him, he used 40 or 50 magic nucleuses again.“Hey....” Feel the magic nucleus in his space belt that is rapidly decreasing. The sword dust sighed for a long time. The helplessness of his face, the purple and green spots in Dantian’s middle, were really brought to him. Infinite distress.He calmed down the mood, sword dust out of the room, leaving the restaurant directly, strolling in the street outside.The air in the morning is particularly clear, and the hot sun in the sky has not yet produced hot temperatures. The warm sun shines on the body and gives a very comfortable feeling. In the streets, however, there are many rushed mercenaries, and from time to time there are pairs of traders slowly passing through the streets.Jian Chen directly came to the mercenary trade union in the center of Baiyun City. He had already thought clearly about his next action, and he first became a mercenary.