Chapter 69 First Class MercenariesOn Tianyuan mainland, regardless of the country and the city, the mercenary trade unions are established in the center of the city. Next to the mercenary trade unions, there is a small scale that is not smaller than the mercenary trade unions. Money house.Although Baiyun City is only a secondary city, but the floor space is also very large. Jian Chen walked half an hour on the street before finally coming to the most bustling and lively street in the center of Baiyun City. A large, twenty-meter-tall building is like a deep sea beast standing silently there. It is the mercenary union.The mercenary union is very large, and the shape of the building looks more like a kind of World of Warcraft, and at the gate, the mercenaries that come in and go out are different.Jian Chen directly entered the mercenary union. Although this was his first visit to this kind of place, the process he had to go through to become a mercenary had long been apparent in the college’s library.There are many people in the mercenary trade unions. The queue of mercenaries who need to go through the formalities is a long queue. The dozen windows in front of the counter are full of people, but they are all handover tasks. A window registered as a mercenary appears very cool.Jian Chen came to the window registered as a mercenary and said: "Hello, I want to register to be a mercenary."The person responsible for registering to become a mercenary is an old man. He seems to be 50 or 60 years old. However, when he is red, his eyes are full of gods.The old man's eyes looked faintly at the sword and dust, and his tone said plainly: "If you want to register as a mercenary, you must have the power of the Holy One. Have you achieved it?""I have reached this standard," said Jian Chen.The old man took a good look at the sword dust, then directly took out a piece of paper and asked, "What is your name?""Dust!" The Jian Chen who wants to hide his name will naturally not use the name Chang Yang Xiang Tian, ​​so he will directly report the names he used in his previous life."How old is this year." The old man continued to ask.Wen Yan, Jian Chen thought about the meeting, and then said: "Twenty." Jian Chen can not tell his true age, because the 15-year-old saint, this was Tianyuan mainland, it is too rare However, once this matter is passed out, I am afraid that it will cause him some unnecessary troubles. In Karjas College, although many people know that the talent of the sword dust, but his real age is only Kargas The dean of the college and the assistant dean know about it.The 20-year-old saint is more common in Tianyuan, and his physical development is far more than ordinary people. Therefore, even if he says that he is 20 years old, no one will doubt it. Now there is no difference between his youth who look like they are 20 years old."How strong is your strength?" The old man recorded on the paper with a pen, and he spoke."The primary saint." Jian Chen said.The process of registering mercenaries was very simple. After paying a silver coin, Jian Chen officially became a mercenary and got his mercenary badge. However, with his current strength, he can only get the minimum. Waiting for mercenary badges.After getting the mercenary badge, Jian Chen did not stay in the mercenary union and left here. After some inquiry, he came to a drugstore.Although there are bright sages on the Tianyuan continent that can cure all injuries, the number of bright sages is very scarce. This leads to the lofty status of the bright sages on Tianyuan mainland. In some mercenaries, there are few people. We can ask a bright sages. Only those large mercenary groups can ask the light sages. Those small mercenary groups and individual mercenaries who want to enjoy the information of the bright sages do not pay. Exorbitant costs are almost impossible.The number of mercenaries on the Tianyuan mainland is innumerable, and there are countless casualties every day. In the case of a bright teacher, it is natural to have a method of using medicines to heal wounds. Although the effects of healing with medicines and bright minds The effect of the treatment is far more than a hundred thousand miles away, but it can be accepted by most of the mercenaries, because ordinary healing medicines are very cheap except for the higher medicines.Although the size of this pharmacy is not small, but it is still full of people at the moment, and this pharmacy does not want the mercenary union, the soundproofing inside the pharmacy is really good, in the mercenary unabashedly speaking loudly Next, it made the entire pharmacy look very embarrassing.There are many people in the pharmacy who buy drugs. They have exhausted a long list. The sword dust has glanced around the eyes and then queued up in a team with fewer people."What do you need?"Soon there was a sword dust, and the guys who sat on the counter took drugs enthusiastically greeted."I need some herbs. Don't you know if you sell herbs here?" asked the sword dust.The man looked strangely at sword dust. He first met him here instead of buying and treating the wounded medicine. Instead, he bought herbs. Although he was very curious about the requirements of the sword dust, the man also replied, "Of course it is sold. , I do not know what kind of herbs you need objectively, as long as some of our stores can be taken out.""I need Qilin grass, weed grass, vanilla, sambucus, sawgrass, antelope flower, root flower, lily, turtle turtle.....do you have any here?" Jian Chen said more than a dozen herbs in one go. first name.The man nodded his head without thinking and said: "Yes, these herbs are very common and not very expensive. We have all the shops, and I don't know how much you need."There was a happy look on the face of the sword dust. He took out a gold coin and placed it directly at the counter. He said, “Everything give me some!” These herbs are very common varieties, and one gold coin is enough to buy one. The car's up.When he saw the gold coin on the table, the man opened his eyes and immediately said: "OK, I'll wait for you, I'll give it to you!" Then, the man went directly into the pharmacy's reserve room.After taking his own medicine, sword dust left the pharmacy, and then he walked non-stop outside the city. He came to an unmanned grove outside the city ten miles away, and dug some deep mud and collected mud. Some of the leaves were put into the space belt and returned to Baiyun City again.After Jian Dian bought some ordinary clothes in Baiyun City, he went to an unoccupied alley and hid in a hidden corner. After checking left and right, after ascertaining no one, Jian Chen immediately took him from the pharmacy. Some of the herbal medicines bought from China each come with a small portion.He first smashed these herbs to pieces and then mixed them with a small amount of fresh water. Then he added a little mud from the deep soil. Then he finally grinded the leaves into powder and squeezed the dried leaves. The little poor juice inside was given to drip out. When this was done, Jian Chen directly grabbed a pair of mixed products with his hands and carefully applied it to his face.Soon, when the sword dust once again looked up, his face has been turned upside down, the sword dust at this moment looks completely different than before, even if people familiar with him see his face at the moment, I am afraid He couldn’t recognize him because now, the appearance of Jian Chen’s looks is completely complete with another person’s appearance. The handsome and handsome face has become commonplace, and even the eyebrows and eyelashes are modified by him. Fan Fan has become even shorter than before. If he is the only place he has not changed, there are only those full of magnetic eyes and that seemingly thin body.Jian Chen did not stop because of this, and then a silver-white light wind sword appeared in his hand. Suddenly, his body turned to a beautiful turn. Suddenly, the long hair from behind the waist rose.At this time, I saw a flash of Yinmang. The Breeze Sword passed everything behind his head at a speed that was hard to distinguish from the naked eye, and the long hair that had reached the waist at the sword dust was also neatly broken, leaving only a shoulder to shoulder. The length, then, the sword dust immediately changed clothes again, replaced the original piece of hand-made clothes made of expensive silk and satin, and put on the rough cloth he had just bought in the store.When dressed up, once again, if he had completely replaced another person, I am afraid that people who are very familiar with sword dust will not be able to see what he is like now.Jian Chen once again checked whether there were any missing places on his body. When it was determined that he had done a perfect job, he only put the torches on his clothes and burned them out of the alley.When they came to the mercenary union again, the sword dust came directly to the place where the task was taken. The tasks of the mercenary trade union were divided into ten levels: s, a, b, c, d, of which the highest was s, and the lowest Grade d. In the same way, the rank of mercenaries is divided into the same five levels. The Jian Chen is currently only a minimum e-class mercenary, so it can only accept e-class tasks.The rank of the mercenary is determined according to the honour accumulated by your task and your own strength. Among them, the d-level mercenary must have the strength to reach the saint, and the c-level mercenary strength is the lowest standard for the saint. Push class, when reaching s-level mercenary, it must have the strength of the earth teacher and the corresponding honor.Even if your strength reaches the Holy Master, there is no corresponding degree of honor, and it cannot be promoted to s-level mercenary. Therefore, there is no shortcut for the rank of the mercenary to go.The tasks of d are very numerous, and many of them are extremely boring tasks. They are not looking for someone to lose something in Baiyun City. They are helping the store to buy or deliver such things. None of them are swords. Dust interested.Now, JianDian is mainly looking for a task that can leave the kingdom of Gedun, because he also knows that Hua Yunzong’s power in the Gerson kingdom is too large. Although he is absolutely perfect, he will not be found by anyone. There is no trace of clues, but no one can guarantee that something unexpected happens to expose his identity and attract Hua Yunzong's pursuit. For the present, the best way is to leave the kingdom of Gerson. Hua Yunzong’s power is huge, but it is also limited to the kingdom of Gerson.Unfortunately, on the d-level task, there are few mercenary tasks that require cross-border mercenaries, because the tasks that are generally required to go abroad are more advanced and will not be assigned to the d-level task at least. This leads to sword dust that puts all d After completing the task, no task was found.Secretly sighed, the sword dust left the mercenary union. To leave the kingdom of Gerson, he could only get out easily with the cover of the caravan. Otherwise, I’m afraid that some of the bandits robbed on the road would not be him. What can be coped with, even if there is no robber robber, the fortress on the border of the kingdom of Gerson is not he can go out.