Chapter VII Forgotten Genius ()The hall is very vast, and the area inside it is immense. At the moment, there are a dozen or so people sitting in the main hall. They are all middle-aged men with different looks.Pik Wantian walks with a sword dust straight to a seat near the main seat. If you want to have a seat here, you must have a certain status. The sword dust is the four sons of Changyang. But now there is no place for him. Therefore, Jian Chen and his mother, Pik Wan, sit in the same seat.Jian Chen is very clever sitting on the side of the mother Pik Wan, quietly waiting, do not speak.Soon, people in the hall continued to walk in, and then found their own position to do it quietly, and even the three aunts of Jian Chen also came in with their children."Hey .... four brothers, today is the day you carry out the Holy Power test, you also have to strive to ah, do not let the second sister disappointed Oh." Changyang moon a cute smile on his face is full of smiles, facing the sword dust Said very lightly. Although the voice is very light, but in this quiet hall, but let everyone hear clearly."Mingyue!" Chang Yang's mother looked at her with a frown and his tone shouted with a bit of blame.Changyang Mingyue smiled gently, spurted his tongue out at the sword dust, and did not continue to speak. He quietly sat beside his mother, and her bright eyes fluttered, constantly looking at the people in the hall. .Soon, the people in the main hall were filled, and the eyes of all the people in the temple swept through the sword dust from time to time. Their eyes were full of a look of expectation. This time they gathered together because they were all today. It is the day when sword dust reaches the age of three for the Holy Power Test.If an ordinary student is a disciple, he will not be so high when he performs the Holy Power test. However, the identity of the sword dust is different from that of the owner of the house of Changyang. Moreover, he is also a gift from other people. All the people in and around the government are holding a very high expectation. Therefore, when the sword dust carries out the Holy Power test, naturally these people with certain identities in the Changyang Mansion are very concerned.After all, how successful are the sword dust in the future? Today's Holy Power test will be a very important start.When everyone came together, Jianyang’s father, Chang Yang Pa, came to the Great Hall and took his seat on the throne where he represented the family leader.Changyang Pa eyes stayed on the sword dust slightly, with a faint smile on his face, and then looked around for a week. After saying some scenes, the sword dust test quickly began."Uncle Tzu, trouble you for the ceremony of the Holy Force test for the dog." Changyang tyrant was rather polite to the old man sat down and said.The old man looks six or seven years old. He is wearing a grey shirt, his head full of white hair, and his face is covered with wrinkles, but his eyes are full of gods.The old man smiled and said: “The family is polite.” Then, the old man got up and walked to the center of the hall. He smiled and looked at the sword dust. He said, “Four young masters, please!”Bi Yuntian looked at the sword dust sitting beside him with a loving face. The voice was gentle: "Xiang Er, hey, go to De Shu there, let De Shu test the Holy Power in your body.""Uh-huh!" Jian Chen gently hummed, very well-behaved to leave the seat, and after a small step came to the old man called De-tert.Uncle Tert was no nonsense. He slowly raised his right hand. Then, he saw a silver-white ring worn by De Shudong on his right hand. He suddenly turned white, and then, De Shuwan's right hand gently waved and he heard only a sound. A slight vibration was heard from the ground. Immediately afterwards, a half-meter-high white stone was found on the ground, which was empty, and the white stone was clearly polished and rectangular. It was half a meter high. Both thickness and width are about one foot.Looking at this, White Stone suddenly appeared, and the sword dust blinked. It seemed very strange for the white stone to suddenly appear. Then, the sight of Jian Chen was moved to the right hand of De Shu, staring straight at the piece. De Shu wears a silver-white ring on the middle finger. And the brain quickly emerged a message seen in the book.The space ring is made of very special and rare material. The ring is self-contained. The space is very big and small. The smallest is only one meter cube. The big one can even reach the cubic meter of 100 meters. The object of life is an extremely expensive item on the Tianyuan continent, which cannot be possessed by ordinary people at all.Found that the dust saw the eyes of the space ring in his hand to see, Uncle smiled, almost everybody saw him from the space ring out of the test of the Holy Spirit's power, will steal To such an eye, for this kind of gaze, Uncle T has no idea how many times I have seen it."The four young masters, please put a hand on this sacred stone." De Shu said with a smile.Sacred Stone is a special stone that can test the strength and properties of the Holy Spirit in every human body. It is widely spread on the Tianyuan Continent. It is the only prop that tests individual strength. The result of the Sacred Stone Test is replaced by the color of light. , respectively, red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, purple.Among them, red is the division of the following powers of the Holy One. Orange stands for the Holy One. Yellow is the power for the Holy One. Thus, the Blue is the Holy Master, and the Purple is the Holy Master of the Sky. As for the Sky Holy Master or above The Holy King, the Holy Emperor, and the strongest of the Holy Divines, their strength is not what the Holy Stone can test.Wen Yan said, Jian Chen retracted his gaze and reached out and placed a hand on the white stone called "Sacred Stone."At this moment, the eyes of all the people in the hall are on the white sacred stone. Everyone can't help but look forward to it. They don’t know how talented the sword dust was when they were young.When the sword dust's hand was placed on the sacred stone, Uncle also gave birth to a sacred stone that was placed on the sacred stone by a special method.Suddenly, the sword dust only feels a kind of weird energy rushing out of the sacred stone, and enters into the body along its own arm. This bizarre energy is very gentle. After walking around in one's own body, it is re-aligned. His own arm returns to Sacred Stone.The uncle's old eyes closely watched the change of the sacred stone, but after a moment, the sacred stone is still the original appearance, and no slightest change has taken place."How could it be that the sacred stone was not reflected in the slightest." Uncle Texuke could not help but whispered in a low voice. The look of smile on his face gradually disappeared and became dignified. Looking at Jian Chen's eyes, he looked very bizarre, faintly unbelievable.I noticed the expression on the face of Uncle T. and the sacred stone that did not move in the slightest. The people in the hall seemed to realize something. The face could not help but slightly change. You look at me, I look at you, everyone's eyes, With a look of uncertainty, some more people sighed with a hint of regret.Chang Yang Pa's face gradually became ugly, and Pik Wan-day, his face was a little pale, his face could not believe the look.Uncle Drew took a deep breath. He felt unbelievable for this result. Then he started the appreciation again. However, the result was still true. Shengshi did not react in the slightest.For this result, Uncle T. also felt unbelievable. Since childhood, he was known as the four masters of genius. He was actually a non-cultivable person.Uncle D was very disappointed and sighed. He looked at the sword dust of a very calm complexion and turned to face Chang Yang Pa. Then he said, “The family leader, after testing, has already determined that the four young masters cannot simply practice Sanli.”Upon hearing this announcement, Pik Wan-tian's face had turned pale and no trace of blood. He stared blankly at the sword dust and murmured: “Impossible, impossible, how could Xiang’s be a waste person? .....” After muttering for himself a few times, Pik Wan-tian only felt dizzy. At the end of the day, he fell to the chair and fainted. It was actually a waste for a son who had always been known as a genius. This result is clearly unacceptable to her. No mother can accept such a thing, let alone a person who lives in a big family.Hearing this result, everyone in the hall was helpless and sighed. The look to Jian Chen’s eyes was full of regrets and disappointment. The three aunts of Yu Jian’s aunt Yu Fengyan and the big aunt exquisitely couldn’t help each other. With a sigh of relief, watching the eyes of Jian Chen and Pik Wan Tian Muzi filled with gloating."Ah, four sisters, four sisters, what happened to you, four sisters, you wake up, four sisters, four sisters, you wake up soon." At this time, Bai Yushuang sitting beside Pik Wan Tian found a coma past Pik Wan, Anxiously shouted.Hearing the shouts of Bai Yushuang, Changyang Paton found the coma past Pik Wantian and sighed a little. Changyang Pa waved and waved, "Cream, help Yun to go and rest."Jian Chen also quickly came to Pik Wan Tian. In the absence of anyone’s attention, his right hand was gently pressing on Pik Wan’s wrist. After testing the pulse of Pik Wan Tian, ​​Jian Chen had already confirmed the blue sky. Yuntian does not have much problem.Jian Chen looked at the people in the lobby and his disappointed father. He felt very helpless and secretly sighed. Then Jian Chen followed the white jade cream holding his mother out of the hall."Yeah..." But after Jian Chen left, Chang Yang Pa sighed heavily. His face looked extremely disappointed. He originally held very high expectations for his fourth son, Jian Ding, but he didn't expect much. The disappointment was even greater, but in the end it was actually the result. His fourth son, Chang Xiangxiang, was actually an unmanageable waste."Homeowner, you don't care too much about it. Although the four young masters can't cultivate, they may also have very outstanding talents in other respects," comforted a middle-aged man sitting down.Chang Yang Pa waved and waved, "Of course, we don't mention this matter again. Everybody is going to disperse it." Once the words were finished, Changyang tyrants got up and left here. Although he knew in his heart that his fourth son might still have outstanding talents in other aspects, the most important thing in the world is still force. After all, force is the foundation of everything.Changyang Prefecture's four sons, Changyang Xiangtian, was a practice of repairing waste. It quickly spread to every corner of Changyang's government. For this matter, some people rejoiced that someone was sad, but to be sure, from then on, Changyang Xiangtian The status of Changyang Fuchu is sure to drop rapidly.In a large room, Jian Chen quietly sat on the edge of the bed, calming his face and low head. He didn't know what to think, and his mother, Pik Wan-day, still didn't wake up. Lying in bed. In addition to Jian Chen and his mother and several gimmicks, his three aunt Bai Yushuang and his second sister Chang Yang Mingyue are also in the room.