Chapter 70 Leave the Kingdom of GodsonAfter leaving the mercenary trade union, the sword dust directly came to a place where a trader gathers in Baiyun City. The area is very vast. It is the place where the trader's goods are parked, and there are heavy guards on the outskirts. Therefore, in Baiyun City, Goods parked here are not afraid of being stolen.When the sword dust came here, there were already a lot of traders busy and everyone was preparing to leave. At the same time, there were many mercenaries who were riding on various types of Warcraft, of course. There are also some mercenaries riding horses.Horses are the most common and cheapest transportation tools on the Tianyuan continent, and they are also the most low-level transportation tools.At this time, a young man who was busy handling the goods passed by Jian Chen. The sword dust immediately reached out and stopped him. He asked, “This little brother, what are these traders to leave the kingdom of Gussen? of."The young man carrying the goods looked a bit suspicious and looked at the sword dust. Then he fingered a large-scale caravan in the distance and said: "The caravan is to leave the kingdom of Gerson."Jian Chen glanced in the direction of his young fingers. He saw dozens of carriages filled with goods. There was a large group of mercenaries around him supporting the goods. A middle-aged man wearing a luxurious robe. The man is directing the guys who are carrying the goods.At a glance, Jian Chen saw that the middle-aged man was probably the head of this team's caravan. He immediately walked over to the middle-aged man and said, “Uncle, may I ask you this caravan? Did you leave the kingdom of Gerson?"After listening to these words, the middle-aged man looked alertly under the sword dust and said: "What are you asking about this?"The sword dust chuckled and said: "Uncle, if your caravan is to leave the kingdom of Gerson, I can not join you, although I am not strong, but it is also a first-level mercenary, and I do not want your compensation ,do you think it's OK?"The middle-aged man's face shows a hint of relief. The tone is indifferent: "Yes, but you must follow us on the road, and the expenses on the way are entirely yours. We will not reimburse you any expenses. If there is a robber robbery, you must also work hard to fight with us."In Tianyuan, if some of the weaker mercenaries want to cross the kingdom and the kingdom, they will usually leave in groups or join large commercial teams.Because it is not only distant but also extremely dangerous on the cross-country road, the mainland is not only a robber robber who will come and go at any time, but also often encounters some of Warcraft, and in some special circumstances, even in the face of Warcraft Group. The attacks are also normal. Therefore, almost every caravan or mercenary group very much welcomes the people who join in. They are generally eager to come. After all, one more person has more power. Perhaps it is one. Little power can save their lives.For the requirements of middle-aged men, Jian Chen did not hesitate to agree."Our caravans are going to set off in the middle of the half hour. Let's go and get ready." Then, the middle-aged man will no longer care for Jian Chen and continue to direct the young people to carry goods.Immediately afterwards, Jian Chen immediately rushed to Baiyun City to sell horses. After spending fifty gold coins to buy a good horse, he once again came to the place where the Chamber of Commerce gathered before quietly waiting for the departure of the caravan.The time of half an hour passed quickly. Jian Chen rode his mount and walked slowly behind the caravan to the city gate of Baiyun City. For the addition of sword dust, although the mercenaries who escorted the caravan had a lot of curious eyes, no one asked him about his origins. Because this large-scale caravan is composed of three medium-sized caravans, because the road is far away and the dangers are unknown, so there are three mercenary groups that the three caravans unite together. Many of them are individual mercenaries. The number of mercenaries and riders added together is not less than five hundred, even if the people who meet face-to-face are normal.Soon afterwards, the sword dust went to the city gate of Baiyun City following the caravan. Naturally, the head of the caravan team negotiated with the defending guards. The caravan did not stay here for long. When the two parties finished negotiations, the caravan began. Slowly moving toward the outside of the city.“Wait a minute.” At this moment, a middle-aged man in armor walked down from the tower, and in the middle-aged man he took a scroll.The middle-aged man went straight to the gate of the city, and then handed the paper roll in his hand to a guard. “Take this portrait on the gate, and at the same time, bring me the highest painting artist in Baiyun City. The characters in the portraits were painted for me and were affixed to alleys and alleys of the city. Once they were found to be similar to those in the portraits, they were immediately arrested by me. If they resisted, they will be killed.“Yes! Command!” A soldier immediately opened the paper from the middle-aged man's hand and then posted it on the wall."The people in the portrait are the most wanted criminals in the kingdom of Gerson. Your eyes are giving me a closer look. Everyone who comes in and goes out from the gate of the city gives me comparisons with the people in the portrait. The wanted criminals let go, and they did not understand it.” The middle-aged man commanded again loudly and his voice was high. Even some people who were far away listened clearly.When the guards attached the portraits to the wall, the characters in the portraits also appeared in the eyes of all. They saw a young man who looked only ten years old and was not more than twenty years old. The youth was very dignified and the long ones were very handsome. Although it is only a dead painting, the characters in the portrait are as vivid as a real person. From this point on, it can be seen that the quality of the people who paint this picture is very high.When the portrait was posted, the commander in armor waved his hand and said to the caravans waiting to wait: "Well, you're all over."The caravan stopped at the gate of the city and continued to walk outside the city. But at this time, the guards guarding the city gates had increased several times from the original dozen guards to hundreds. Everyone entering and exiting the city gate was The guards stopped and contrasted with the portraits of people on the walls.When the sword dust passed through the gate of the city and saw the portrait on the wall, his eyes suddenly condense, because the people in the portrait on the wall were actually his own original appearance.Seeing here, the heart of the sword dust can not help but be frightened by the strength of Hua Yunzong, where there are tens of thousands of kilometers away from the city of Lorra, and he left the city of Lorra yesterday morning and arrived in Baiyun City in the evening. In the middle of this period, Hua Yunzong not only painted his appearance to be perfect, but he also delivered it to Baiyun City, which was separated by thousands of miles, in such a short period of time. The efficiency of this service was enough to be alarming. Moreover, Jian Chen does not believe that Hua Yunzong only wanted himself in the city of Baiyun. Now in the kingdom of Gerson, I am afraid that all the large and small cities have received their names on the list.Thought of this, Jian Chen couldn't help secretly glad that he had changed his face again. Otherwise, once recognized, it would be difficult to leave Baiyun City with his current strength.The dustpan rides on the caravan who is following the caravan and slowly walks outside the city gate. As he passes through the city gate, the guards guarding both sides of the city gate throw sharp eyes on his face, but now the sword dust After the appearance of Yirong has undergone tremendous changes, even those who are very familiar with sword dust can not recognize him before coming to him, not to mention the guards who have never seen him before.Unimpeded all the way, Jian Chen as a mercenary in the identity of the caravan went very smoothly out of the Baiyun City, then the caravan like a long line, along the trade route to move forward.The large-scale caravan is composed of three medium-sized caravans. The destinations are the closest to the blue-green empire of the Kingdom of Goshen. Due to the carts in the caravans, the speed of advancement is not fast, despite the white clouds. The city is very close to the border fortress of the kingdom of Gerson, but at least it takes two or three days to reach the border fortress, and it takes more than half a month to get to the Kingdom of Wind and Blue.Jian Chen's eyes look to a distant carriage in a distant place. The models of these two carriages not only have to be larger, but also use four first-class Warcrafts that are good at running to pull cars, and are surrounded by horses. Riding on World of Warcraft, the mercenary guarding the strength is not weak, and the middle-aged men who previously agreed to join the caravan with sword dust are also around. It seems that several of them seem to be guarding the luxury carriage.In the heart of the sword dust has faintly guessed, the characters sitting in the carriage, not the owner of the caravan is an important figure, because such a luxury carriage, there are two cars throughout the caravan.The caravan had spent four days on the official road before finally reaching the border fortress of the Kingdom of Gwson. The border fortress of the kingdom of Gerson was a huge city wall that stretched for several miles and was more than fifty meters high and twenty thick. Domi, from afar, looks like a huge dragon hanging on the ground, which makes people feel shocked.When the sword dust came in front of the city wall, a huge shadow instantly shrouded him. This huge wall with a height of 50 meters completely obscured the sun in the sky, making the light in front of the wall dark The majestic momentum was enough to shock anyone who first saw this wall, as if the immediate thing was a terrible and deep-water monster.Jian Chen looked up and looked at this city wall as the first line of defense in the kingdom of Gerson. He felt very shocked. In past life he had seen a lot of walls, but there was not a single wall and the city wall in front of him. I would like to compare, because the walls that he had seen before, even if the largest, but only a height of only 20 meters, and this front of the 50-meter-high wall compared to the non-condensing adults and children."Great wall, just to build such a huge wall, do not know how much time to spend." Looking at the wall in front of the eyes, Jian Chen said with exasperation.After listening to him, a mercenary riding next to the sword dust smirked and squinted, squinting at the sword dust, and laughing: “The scale of this wall can only be considered average in Tianyuan. Almost every kingdom will have it." When saying this, the mercenary looked up and down and looked at the sword and dust and continued: "I guess you haven't been to the three great empires yet, tell you the border fortress of the three empires. The walls of the city are as high as one hundred meters, and they are fifty meters thick. The momentum is more than this. It is far from being comparable to this city wall."Jian Chen turned to look at the name of the talking mercenary, I saw this mercenary about 20 years old, a long public face, his face was dark, wearing a rough clothing, see It's very common."After the opportunity, we must go to see the three empire." Jian Chen chuckled.“The three empire's roads are very far from here, and the road is also very dangerous, at any time will encounter World of Warcraft attacks, but not so good.” The mercenary continued to say.