Chapter 71 Wood CloudThere was a faint smile on Jian Chen’s face, and the archer surrendered to the mercenary. “It seems that this Xiongtai walked a lot of days on Tianyuan mainland.”The mercenary laughed lightly: “Not too long, but only a few years ago, compared with some mercenaries who have been on the Tianyuan mainland for decades or even centuries.”"I do not know how to call this Xiongtai." Jian Chen asked again."My name is Muyun, you!" The mercenary was obviously a better speaker.“My name is Jian Chen!” Jian Chen replied, he has already decided that he will use the name “Dust” in Tianyuan.Afterwards, Jian Chen and Mu Yun started chatting with each other to discuss some interesting things on the Tianyuan continent.Although the Jian Chen was the first time to come out of trouble, he clearly understood something that was not very secretive on the Tianyuan mainland in the College of Cargassi even happened in some historical events. Some, but Muyun has been climbing for several years on Tianyuan, and the experience is very rich. They can be described as complementary and mutually beneficial. Therefore, the two people talked on the road very hard, unconsciously, between the two. The relationship is also more intimate.When the caravan passed slowly through the huge gate of the fortress, Jian Chen also found several portraits of himself on the side of the gate. At the entrance of the portrait, he read the words “Changyang Xiangtian”, and The reward on the wanted image is also very rich.If one finds the traces and clues of Changyang Xiangtian, one thousand purple gold coins will be obtained if it is determined to be correct. If the person is caught on this trail or clue, the person who reported the news will receive an additional 4,000 purple gold coins.A gold coin is enough for a family of three people to eat for three months, and a purple gold coin can be converted into one hundred gold coins. This one thousand purple gold coins is a huge amount for most mercenaries. The wealth is enough for them to buy a house in the city for a lifetime of worry-free life, so this reward is an irresistible temptation for most mercenaries.The most exciting thing is undoubtedly the last one, and anyone who catches Changyang himself and gives it to Huayunzong can immediately get 100,000 purple gold coins.Looking at the rich rewards that were enough to impress anyone, Jian Gu’s bland eyes flashed an unobtrusive Hanmang."Huayun Zong, you really can afford me, and actually such a generous condition not only wanted him through the entire Gerson kingdom, but even the mercenary union also issued a mission." Jian Chen secretly sneers in his heart, but his heart is also Feeling a deep sense of frustration, on Tianyuan mainland, everything is talking about strength. Now that his strength is not enough, facing Hua Yunzong's wanted for himself, he only hides his name, changes his face and leaves his home, leaving his own growth. The place left the kingdom of Gerson, and for this state of affairs, let alone he had no other way. Even Changyang, which was one of the four major families in the city of Lorraine, had no power."Huh!" Jian Chen secretly sighed, this moment, he could not help but once again emerge in his mind when he left, the mother Pik Wan's reluctant face and tears sad face.Thought of this, there was a hint of warmth never seen before in the eyes of Jian Chen. However, immediately after that, his eyes became firm. At this moment, he had already decided in his heart. Later, he will concentrate on his cultivation and exert himself. To enhance their own strength, otherwise, under the premise that Hua Yunzong is still huge, I am afraid that he will never be able to return to the Kingdom of Gerson, he will never be able to see his mother, and he will never be able to continue to enjoy this. Uneasy motherly love.In the past life, sword dust was an orphan and he never felt the feeling of how much their loved ones care. Now God not only allowed him to be born again, but also gave him a happy and happy family. In the heart of the sword, it was also very Cherish this hard-won motherhood and those who really care about their own relatives.Some people who have lived in a happy and happy family from an early age may not realize what it feels like to be in the heart of the sword. However, in the heart of the lone sword, they are still very eager to have a loved one, because a person is alone and in his heart. It will inevitably create a feeling of loneliness.On both sides of the gate, a total of nearly two hundred soldiers are guarding and one by one, with sweeping eyes sweeping from the face of every person passing through the gates of the city. Once there are those who find it unclear, they will be guarded by these guards. Stop it, compare it carefully against the portrait on the wall, and let it go after it is determined.Although many of those who were stopped were mercenaries with weak strength, in the border fortress of the kingdom of Gerson, they did not dare to make the slightest difference because there was a total of them in this fortress. Nearly hundreds of thousands of troops, and there is no lack of masters, once they are here and the guards clash, then the next one can be imagined.The city gates of the fortress were very large. Even if five carriages did not seem to be crowded together side by side, when the team caravans of Jian Chen and their team walked out of the fortress, a small group of caravans took them faster than the sword dust. A lot more speed was chased from behind, and when they saw the portraits attached to the gates of the fortress, they immediately spoke up."Who is the person in this portrait, who is there all night and night, and he never imagined that even the border fortress of the kingdom of Gwson was emblazoned with his all-night portrait.""It seems that this person must have committed a lot of felony crimes. Before I passed through the three cities, all the cities were covered with his all-night portrait. Even the mercenary union has issued his overnight mission.""Yeah, it seems that this person is definitely a felony or a big man who has offended something. Now, the mercenary union has raised the task of taking him to a level, and also canceled the commission needed for the task." Soldier level restrictions, so that even a d-level mercenary can accept this task.""That is, and the commission is also very high. As long as you discover the traces of Changyang Xiangtian, you will be rewarded with 1,000 gold coins. If you catch people with this trail, you will get 4,000 additional purple coins."“If you can directly catch people sending Hua Yunzong, you can directly get 100,000 purple gold coins. One hundred thousand ah, the imagination feels horrible. It’s estimated that I can’t make enough money for a lifetime. Now."Listening to the arguments of the team of caravans next to them, Mu-yun, who was talking with Jian Chen, was also interested. He turned to look at the portrait on the entrance of the city. He smiled and said, “I don’t know this is called Changyang. The sin of Xiang Tian’s people in the end actually caused Hua Yunzong to spend so much on him. If he was a powerful and powerful man, he still said that in the past, the list of people on the wanted list clearly stated that he had only juniors. The strength of this can be very strange. Isn't it a matter of what the junior saint can do to make Hua Yunzong hate it? It wouldn’t be this guy who called Changyang Xiangtian to peek at Hua Yunzong’s locality. The daughter of the sovereign takes a bath."After listening to Muyun's muttering, the sword dust couldn't help but smiled. It looked helplessly like Mu Yun. Jianwu smiled: “Muyun Brothers, I stayed in the kingdom of Gerson for more than a dozen. In the past year, Hua Yunzong also heard a lot, but as far as I know, Hua Yunzong Sovereigne seems to have only one son, and there is no daughter. It seems a little unspeakable to peek at Hua Yunzong's daughter. ”Mu Yun cast a blind eye on Jian Chen and said: "You know what, whoever says that the Huayun Sovereigne has no daughter. Maybe there is exactly one, but it is not known to the outside world."Jian Chen reluctantly shook his head, the heart has decided not to continue with the wooden cloud to continue to discuss Huayun Sovereign in the end there is no daughter thing.The caravan did not encounter a fortress that did not hinder the smooth progress. After the appearance of Jian Chen’s face, no one could recognise his true face, and it was very easy to operate. Although the sword dust only used some Ordinary materials to accommodate, but it's seamless, no one can see it at all.Moreover, this disguise is a sword dust that has spread to the arena in the past, it seems simple, but very esoteric, it is not so easy to learn, in this world, it is estimated that there is no such a disguised way, so naturally it will not When one thinks of it, I saw that Jian Chen’s face does not reveal any flaws, and there is no need to worry about being seen.After the fortress emerged, it was an endless plain. There were very few people on the plains. Only scattered and scattered caravans were walking on the road. This plain is not within the jurisdiction of any empire, and it is a chaotic trilogy. The area, which led to frequent robbers robbery and infestation on the plains, walked on to the caravans above, either in groups or with powerful mercenaries escorting them.The area of ​​the plain is very wide. The caravan walked on the plains for a day and it took a quarter of the plains. To reach the Blue Empire, it must cross the plain and then Through a mountain range to reach the fortress of the wind blue empire, at the slow speed of the caravans, to reach the border fortress of the wind and blue empire, it is estimated that it will take ten days, after all, there will be carts in the caravans. And the road is not very flat, and it's not too fast.After the darkness of the day, the caravans also stopped their advance. They camped in a relatively flat terrain. Nearly a hundred camps formed a circle and protected the carriages filled with goods. Some chauffeurs were there. The skilled horses unloaded the carriage and feed the horses.Around the camp account, there was a lot of smoke coming from the camp. Many mercenaries were sitting around and chatting while burning a World of Warcraft meat, or cooking some food to fill their stomachs. But among them was not gathered together. Those who know each other belong to the same Mercenary Corps. Most of the individual mercenaries sit silently while eating long-prepared dry food.Jian Chen also took out a tent that had been prepared for a long time from the space belt, and then found a flat and dry place to build it, as a list that did not belong to any mercenary group and was not yet employed by the caravan. All the consumption of the sword dust on the road and the things needed are entirely left to themselves. The caravan will not give any help.As soon as the tent of the sword dust had just been erected, Muyun suddenly came to the front of the sword dust and said: "Dust dust, it seems that you are also a half-way to join the caravan, I do not know if you are going to Where to go."Jian Chen nodded and said: "I want to go to the Blue Moon Empire, Muyun brother, you do."Muyun chuckled and said: "I'm going to the Kaki Kingdom, just passing through the Blue Moon Kingdom." Then, Muyun also took out a tent from the space belt, not far from the sword dust The place is erected.