Chapter 72 The Robber Bands (1)At night, Jian Chen entered the tent after eating dry food. In his hands, he held several first-order magic nucleus sitting cross-legged and practicing. Now he wanders on the Tianyuan mainland and will encounter danger at any time. Only his powerful strength can keep his own. Security, so the sword dust is not a waste of time to enhance their own strength. Moreover, the sword dust is also clear that only when his strength is strong, and he is strong enough to avoid fear of Huayunzong, he can return to the Gerson kingdom to reunite with his family. Otherwise, I am afraid as long as he shows up, Will attract Hua Yunzong's chase.Now it is very quiet outside. Only some minor footsteps are heard from time to time. It is the mercenaries who are responsible for patrols walking past the tents of Jian Chen.The passage of time was quiet and it was already late at night. At this time, most of the mercenaries in the tent had fallen asleep. Even the mercenaries responsible for patrolling were sleepy. Looks like the spirit is in a very loose state.At this moment, a black mang appeared suddenly, and with the cover of the night, he flew from the distance with a fast speed and shot straight at a mercenary who was patrolling, and finally hit the mercenary silently. The throat, this black awn is obviously a kind of killing force. The mercenary who was hit by the black owl hits the throat and can't even scream. The body will lie down straight.Black Mountain is extremely small and very fast. It is completely silent and unobtrusive in flight. The range of caravan camps is very large. The mercenary responsible for patrolling is alone in a relatively remote place. Place, so after he was lying down, still no one found the situation here.Just after the mercenary lay down, there were a few blacks in the distance and they shot at the extremely fast speed in the caravan camp. All the mercenaries who were responsible for patrolling and were far away from the camp were all shot and killed.The camp of Jian Chen was at the outermost periphery. Among these mercenary soldiers who were shot, there was exactly one distance from Jianzhen’s camp account that was less than 30 meters, just after the mercenary who was closest to the sword dust account fell to the ground. The Jiangu ears, sitting cross-legged and sitting in tents, moved slightly. The closed eyes suddenly opened and the eyes turned. Then the sword dust immediately rose and carefully opened the tent door to a gap. Watch this outside.When the sword dust just opened the door of the tent to see the outside of the situation, it was a dark mane shot at a very fast rate from a distance, straight shot in the distance a patrol mercenary, that The name of the mercenary fell without making a slight noise.After seeing this scene, Jian Chen’s face changed slightly, and he immediately understood that his caravan was attacked by an enemy. However, he did not have the slightest panic when he had past experience with sword dust. He immediately shouted in the tent: “We take care There are enemy attacks."The sound of sword dust was very loud, and the entire camp heard clearly. Just as his voice had just begun to fall, the originally quiet camp suddenly became boiling and saw countless mercenaries quickly ran out of the tent. In the short moment, hundreds of noisy mercenaries were added to the very quiet camp.This sentence of the sword dust is all the year round on the Tianyuan continent, in the sword of the knife to eat the mercenary is absolutely sensitive, so hear the sword dust, all the mercenaries from the camp as quickly as possible It ran out. The mercenaries who had just come out of their tents habitually glanced around, but all they saw were their own and did not find any traces of the enemy."Enemy? Where there are enemies....""Who was just shouting, where is the enemy?....""Where there are enemies, who is fucking screaming....."Many mercenaries began shouting loudly, and if they were to discover that it was entirely someone shouting at them to make fun of them, it was estimated that no one of them would easily let go of this person who called out the enemy."Not good, the head of Lang Tian, ​​Du Muying who was responsible for patrolling died."When many mercenaries were opening their curses, a high voice overwhelmed all the mercenaries' curses and passed them far.After listening to this, all the mercenaries quieted down one by one. However, at this time, three dark Hamans shot at a very fast rate from a dark place in the distance, hitting three straight. The mercenary's chest.The mercenary who was hit by the Black Munks had no chance to send out and lay down. When the three mercenary's bodies had not yet fallen to the ground, three dark places flew out of the distance. Blackman, once again hit three mercenaries.Blackman continued to shoot from a distance, and through the darkness of cover and the completely silent flight, it was difficult to find its existence.The frequency of Black's shot was very fast. In just one breath of time, there were more than a dozen mercenaries who were hit by the Black Man and fell to the ground. At this time, someone finally exclaimed: "People. Be careful, enemies..." The mercenary was not finished yet. A black mang flashed and shot straight into the mercenary's body. Then the mercenary's body could not lay down. Go on."The people are spreading out and looking for cover." A middle-aged man in a heavy-duty outfit with a tall body and a knife on his face opened his mouth. When the words came to an end, a fiery red double hammer appeared in the middle-aged man's hands and rushed in the direction of Black's shot alone."Head of Lang Tian, ​​be careful....."Looking at the direction of the middle-aged man who was actually alone and rushing to the enemy, many mercenaries issued a scream of exasperation. The tone was full of worries.Just a few steps after the middle-aged man just rushed out, there were a dozen other mercenaries who were not weak. They followed closely behind the middle-aged man and splayed in the direction of the distant shot from the Black Mans. And go.Black Mountain is still constantly blinking, but this time the shooting angle of the Black Mountain has changed its goal. It only saw a road concealed by the darkness. It was hard to find that the Black Mane rushed over the dozen like swords. The mercenary shot.However, since dare to rush to go under the circumstances of the unknown enemy situation, the strength of these dozen mercenaries will certainly not be weak, and the red double-hammer that was rushed in front of the head of Lang Tian flashed with a flame-like red. Mang, like a beacon under the dark night, is so eye-catching.Looking at the two dark awns that hit him, Lang Tian's head revealed a sneer, and then the two hammers in the hands swung and the stunned stern slammed toward his two black awns.With a slight collision sound, the two-hammer of Lang Tian's head accurately hit the two black mounts. Afterwards, the dark mount disappeared silently. This can easily take the life of Heimang in the Langtian group. Long hands are so unbearable.The strength of the dozen mercenaries who followed the leadership of Lang Tian was also very strong. They had no fear of the threat of this dark mountain. Then the powerful Holy Power was taken from their hands and emerged from the sacred soldiers. Then wave the sacred soldier to disperse the black mount directly.At this moment, the sudden change of sound, a sharp and piercing sound of airborne noise came from a dark place in the distance. I saw countless arrows with slamming voices coming from a distance, and the number of arrows was very large. Dense like locusts.Faced with so many arrows, among those dozens of mercenaries, several people immediately stopped the momentum of the frontwards and resisted the arrow shot from the front."Hey..."These arrows were all made of fine iron and collided with the sacred soldiers and gave off sound of iron and steel.Lang Tian’s head and several mercenaries still did not stop in front of the rush. In the face of an intensive arrow shot from the front, these mercenaries roared loudly, and the body’s powerful Holy Power came out through the body. A shield made entirely of Holy Power was formed around it. Although this shield was weak, it was very defensive. These arrows cast from fine iron were shot on their shields. The shroud shivered slightly and it was impossible to break through the defense of this passport."Brothers, kill me!"Just as the powerful mercenaries were about to enter the enemy camp, a loud shout came from the darkness in the distance, and with the voice, the shouting and thundering sounded. In the darkness, a large number of dark shadows appear looming and are rapidly rushed toward the direction of the caravan camp."The robbers have emerged, everyone prepares for the bow and arrow."In the mercenary camp, a mercenary shouted loudly. After listening to this, many mercenaries immediately took out the iron longbow on their backs, pulled the bow and shot the arrow, aiming at the darkness that appeared in the distance. Shadow, waiting for the other party to enter the range of the bow.Jian Chen stood on the periphery of a group of mercenary soldiers and looked at the shadows in the darkness in the distance. His face became a little dignified. Although the other party was far from the camp, and because of the darkness, the visibility was very low, but with him His eyesight and experience immediately determined that the number of opponents was at least several hundred, not less than the number of mercenaries in his caravan, and the powerful mercenaries who rushed forward with arrows and arrows. It has been taken off by the masters in the enemy camp."Range!"At this time, the robbers had already entered the range of the bow and arrow. With the command of one person, the hundreds of mercenaries holding bows and arrows immediately released their strings, and suddenly, hundreds of iron arrows with piercing broken Empty sound rushed toward the front robber.Although there are also some people in this batch of robbers who are not weak, but the strength of most of them is not necessarily strong. With only one round of arrows, the other party has more than a dozen people down.Three Blackmans shot from the back of a band of robbers at an extremely fast speed, hitting the three mercenary soldiers holding bows and arrows. The three mercenaries who had been shot by the Black Man immediately appeared on the chest. Finger-sized hole, then immediately fell down and died.Blackmount's frequency of shooting is very fast, and each time is the same three, in a short time there are nine mercenary soldiers died in this dark mount.Looking at the wounds on the chest of some of the mercenaries, a middle-aged man suddenly changed his face and shouted: "We are careful, people in the enemy camp have dark power."When he spoke, three Black Mounts rushed from the night sky. One of the black mansions was precisely the middle-aged man who had spoken out to remind everyone.The strength of the middle-aged man was obviously not weak. He saw his face sink. His silver handed machete appeared in the right hand. With the flash of a knife, the middle-aged man's chopper in his right hand had swung down. The black man shot cut.    "bump!"The black awn that was shot was made up entirely of energy. When the dark machete collided with the middle-aged man's hands, a slight explosion sounded, and then Blackman disappeared silently.The middle-aged man's body swayed slightly, and his face suddenly became dignified. Chen Sheng said: "Damn, there are actually three sacred forces in the enemy camp that are of dark nature, and each is still a professional bow and arrow. Hand, in this area, only the sky robbery group has such strength.""Deputy head of Liu, what did you say, are these gangsters a rogue bandit?""Oh my God, they are actually a robbery band....""It's finished now, how can you meet the robbers in the sky?"