Chapter 73 The Robbers and Bands (2)Upon hearing the words of the bandwagon of the sky, all the mercenaries' faces have changed dramatically."Cangwu Robber Mission!" Jian Chen's brows deep Zou up, he was unfamiliar with the bandit gangs, he both saw it in the Changyang House's library and in the library at Kargas College. Regarding the records of the Cangwu Robber Mission, according to the book's description of the Cangwu Robber Mission, the strength of the bandit is very strong and it has existed for more than two hundred years.Two hundred years ago, when the Gangster Bandit was born, it had very strong strength. It often appeared in the territory of several neighboring kingdoms. At that time, the sky banditry would be a nightmare for all caravans, because The means of the bandwagon in the sky was very hot, and the caravans robbed had never left their mouths. The number of merchants and mercenaries who had died in their hands was numerous, and the bandits from time to time attacked some villages as well. In some cities with defensive power, two three-tier cities were once ransacked by a bandit gang of thieves, and a secondary city was attacked by a bandit rogue group. Although it did not eventually capture the second-tier city, it was also a secondary city. A great deal of casualties have been caused, and as many as a dozen villages have been slaughtered. At that time, the gangsters in the sky brought up a lot of turmoil in the surrounding kings, leaving the caravans afraid to go to some remote areas. Places, have brought great losses to several major kingdoms.For this matter, once the Kingdom of Gerson, the Kingdom of the Blue Moon, the Kingdom of the Wind, the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of Wharf, and the four major kingdoms, the army moved to war. The vast bandits of the bandits, but unfortunately the power of the bandwagons of the vastness of the sky is beyond anyone's expectation. Each time the reclamations of several major kingdoms ended in failure, the casualties were extremely heavy.After several unsuccessful encirclements, several major kingdoms actually sent a top master at the same time, a total of four top masters of power with the stronghold of the Cangwu robbery mission - Cangwu Mountain. After the top masters of the four kingdoms entered the Cangwu Mountains, there was an explosion of earth-shattering sounds in the depths of the Cangwu Mountains. The whole Cangwu Mountain was rocked by the earth and shattered and landslided. The sound of explosions lasted for a day and a night. Gradually calm down, and in the meantime, there are six high-lying mountain peaks in the Cangwu Mountain collapsed.When the top players of the four kingdoms came out, the faces of the four people were not very good-looking. They did not say anything and they immediately left. Then within a day, the command of the four kingdoms surrounding the Cangwu Mountain received the king's biography. The order came and immediately withdrew troops and stopped the operation of reclamation.Although no one can see with his own eyes what happened to the top of the four kingdoms after entering the depths of the Mt. Cangshan, but as long as a person with a bit of brain can guess what happened in the inside, the result is that all mercenaries and merchants The team felt uncomfortable. From then on, the prestige of the Cangwu bandit group rose to a peak. In the hearts of some mercenaries and businessmen, the Cangwu bandit group has become an incarnation of the devil and deterred several surrounding kingdoms.However, the only thing that makes everyone happy is that after the top four masters in the Kingdom, since then, the behavior of the Cangwu Robber Group has become a lot of low-key, although there are still many businessmen and mercenaries who die in their hands each year. The number of infestations of the bandwagon bandits is no longer so frequent. It occurs almost once a month, and the means are not so hot. This gives many businessmen the chance to survive, but the only drawback is the bandit The infestation time is uncertain, so even if some caravans are eager to avoid the gangsters in the sky, they will not be able to determine the time."Fuck, how could the bandit rogue squad, and Laozi still cut his head." A mercenary's eyes full of hatred and looked at the gangsters in the distance and did not show the slightest fear.In addition to him, there are still many mercenaries who look into the eyes of the Cangwu Robber Corps. They are full of deep hatred and strong resentment. The vast band of gangsters runs this area. For so many years, they did not know how many robberies were robbed. How many businessmen and mercenaries have been killed, and among these mercenaries, many of their relatives and friends have died in the hands of the bandits. In the minds of these mercenaries, there are only a few deep in the mercenary group. There is no fear of fear in hatred.As a mercenary who oscillates outside the country all year round and eats rice on the knife edge, many of them have bloody, strong-hearted men. Not everyone fears death."More than a decade ago, my sister was dead in the hands of the mercenary Corps of the Cang. Today I took revenge for me." A mercenary of about 20 years old stared in front of the ever-changing servants with red eyes. The Corps was full of anger and intense enmity in his tone.A bodybuilder, the upper body of the Han Han eyes full of strong murderous, gritted teeth and said: "The sky robbery group, five years ago you killed my brother. Today I even took out this life, I also want to pull The one on the back, revenge for my brother."The Black Mountain is still constantly flashing. For such a time, several mercenaries who bowed and bowed fall under this strange dark mountain. The rest of the mercenaries have come to seek protection from the hard-to-prevent blackness. Mang, a robber who is rapidly approaching a bow and archery.The robbers are getting closer and closer. Among the mercenaries, many people have already shown a panicked look on their faces. The influence of the words of the bandwagon and the bandwagon on the bandwagon is really too great for them. People were scared and they did not even have the courage to resist. After all, not everyone fears death. There is still a fear of death among them.Taking into account the situation of the mercenaries, a middle-aged man's eyes showed a trace of worries and shouted: "We do not have to be afraid. This is just a small unit of the banditry and the strength of the gang is not necessarily stronger than ours, as long as we are all united. The concerted effort will surely repel them. Otherwise, we will only have one dead end waiting for us. Our brothers will all fight in order to survive."After listening to the words of middle-aged men, some timid and fearless dying mercenaries could not help but be strong. This sentence is very motivating for some of them. Only fighting will have the hope of living. At this moment, the strong desire for survival has led many mercenaries to give up their courage and plan to die.The mercenaries were trying to hide from the darkness of the distant shot. They used their bows and arrows to shoot heavy robbers in front of them. After nearly a hundred people fell down, the crowd of gangsters finally rushed to a group of mercenaries. At this time, the bows and arrows in the hands of the mercenaries have lost their proper effect. All the mercenaries have discarded their bows and arrows, summoning the sectarians and the bandwagons of the sky to fight together.    "what!"    "what!"The crowd shouted and the weapons clashed, and the screams of desperate screams continued. In the darkness behind the banditry, which was barely visible to the naked eye, Blackman constantly broke into the air, each time. Can accurately hit a mercenary, just in this short period of time, there are as many as dozens of mercenaries who died under this busy schedule."The team leaders were dragged by the enemy's masters. Carol, Gusson, Mey, you three came with me. We must drag those three archers into hiding." The chaotic battlefield. In the middle, a mercenary wearing armor said loudly: When the words are finished, they must first hop and rise in the direction of Blackman's shot.Just after the middle-aged man in armor had just left, another three mercenaries followed behind him and leaped up. They used the heads of robbers as a lever to rush in the direction of the Black Mans.For the four mercenaries who leaped past their heads, the hundreds of robbers could not do anything. Although the fierce name of the Gangster Bands deterred several neighboring kingdoms, this time it was only small units and it was not Elite, the most powerful of them were blocked by the dozen masters who had rushed past. At the moment, no one can resist the four mercenaries who are not weak.Three Blackmans once again shot the four mercenaries from a dark place in the distance. Obviously, the three people with the power of the Holy Spirit hidden in the distance also discovered the intention of the four mercenaries.Just when the three Blackheads had just been fired, three Blackmans appeared again. A total of six Blackmountains lined up front and rear in two rows. They shot silently toward the four mercenaries at an extremely fast pace.The strength of these four mercenaries is not weak. It is far from the mercenaries who are responsible for guarding the posts. The weapon was seen in the hands of four people, and then they waved their weapons directly to the dark-haired man who came to shoot. When the two collided together, the Black Mountain smashed and dissipated, and the four were only a little slower in front of the rush, and then rushed in the direction of Black's shot, and all four of them knew very well. If you do not solve the three people who hide in the shadows, it will bring huge losses to this side of the camp.Although the total number of these three mercenary groups adds up to several hundred people, in the mercenary circles on Tianyuan mainland, it can only be considered an inferior mercenary group. Most of the mercenary strength in the regiment is Still at the stage of the Holy and the Holy, there are very few people who can achieve the strength of the sages, but the Master of the Great Master, but only the head of the three mercenary regiments and the deputy head of the division have this strength, but The three heads and deputy heads who have the power of the Great Teacher have been dragged by the robbers in the enemy camp, and they simply can't release their hand to resolve the three archers.When the four masters disappeared in the eyes of the crowd, the black mangoes never shot again, regardless of whether the four masters could hold back the three people hiding in the dark behind the archery, but at least they were mercenaries. A precious time was obtained. After all, the Black Man shot silently, and it was difficult to find out through the cover of the night. The speed was very fast. Some weaker mercenaries could not avoid the shooting of the Black Mountain.Without a potential crisis, the mercenaries no longer have to guard against the darkness that they have shot at them at any time. They have all played their own 100% fighting power, and the robbers have severely slashed.At this moment, all mercenaries put aside the fear of the thieving bandwagon in their hearts. In order to survive, in order to continue to survive, all the people are doing their utmost to smash with the robbers, only to get the final victory.The shouts and screams in the battlefield were deafening, and the sound of the weapons collided with each other. The blood splattered everywhere quickly colored the ground red, and it took only a short time to fight. There were more than a dozen people on both sides lying down.Now, Jian Chen has joined the battle. Although he only has the power of the Holy One, the power of his combat power will absolutely shock everyone. He saw Jian Chen’s stepping on the mystic steps and avoiding the attacks in all directions. In his hand, only one finger is wide and four-foot-long silver-white swords are constantly punctured at lightning speed. His sword pierces at a very fast speed and only sees a small silvery light. Flashing away, the naked eye cannot see the sword itself.The sword of Jian Chen is not only quick and unpredictable, but the sword is very accurate. Each sword pierces and can accurately hit the enemy's throat, achieving the effect of one-shot killing. Among the same strength, there are few people. Can avoid sword dust as soon as the lightning of a sword.