Chapter 74 Guild WarsJian Chen alone dealt with a group of enemies. The screams of desolate screams and bloody scenes in front of him were already commonplace for him. They simply did not make the slightest impression on his state of mind.As the sword in the hands of the sword continues to pierce, members of the gangsters in the sky are buried under his sword. In front of swordsmanship, which is almost like lightning, the robbers with the strength of sword dust are simply unable to do so. He took three strokes from his hands, and many others were forgotten by the direct hit of the sword dust.The strength of sword dust is placed among a group of mercenaries. Although it can only be considered a bottom-up figure, none of the number of these robbers can be compared to him, but only a few breaths. There are more than a dozen robbers under the sword of sword dust. In the hands of the sword dust, the silver-white light wind sword has been covered with blood stains. The whole sword has been dyed with blood red. The dusty clothing worn by the sword dust is still clean and neat, and there is no blood on it. It is not covered in blood like the rest of the mercenary.Unknowingly, the sword dust alone has penetrated into the camp of the robbers. Now within the range of twenty meters around him, all are gangsters of the bandwagon, no one mercenary, and those mercenaries are almost All three groups were organized together and robbers were killed.“Kill!” The three robbers who were closest to the sword dust rushed toward the sword dust, and then raised their weapons and cut it toward the sword dust.The sword dust stepped out quickly and it was like a ghost. It came to one of the robbers in a flash at a very fast pace. At the same time, the breeze sword was marked by a red light, suddenly blazing at lightning speed. Spurt to the robber's throat.The sword dust itself is proficient in fast swordsmanship. The speed of the sword is approaching the extreme. The robber's nerves have no time to reflect and can only see a red light flicker. Then, it feels a slight tingling in the throat. Afterwards, the difficulty in breathing was abnormal, as if something was blocked on the throat, which actually prevented him from breathing. Immediately afterwards, the red blood flowed out of his neck, and the robber, even The slightest sound couldn't be sent, and the body slowly fell backwards.At the last moment, he still did not understand how he died. Perhaps he did not even know that his throat had been punctured by the lightning-fast sword of sword dust, because sword dust was extremely fast He did not give him the time to reflect, and he would not feel strong pain when the weak sword pierced his throat in an instant.After the Breeze Sword pierced the robber's throat, the action of the sword dust did not stop at the slightest. At this time, two other robbers had approached him and the weapons in his hand had been cut to him.Facing the two weapons that the robber was about to slash on himself, the Jian Chen’s look did not reveal any panic. His expression on his face was calm and water, and he immediately pulled out the breeze sword from the robber's throat, and he stepped on the mystic. The pace, body like a ghostly sideways two meters away from the attack of the two robbers, at the same time, the hands of the breeze sword that has been blood-stained to the naked eye can not capture the speed to one of the robbers. Throat to go.The Breeze Sword hadn't encountered any hindrance. It easily avoided the strong reflection of nerves and pierced deep into his throat. When the Breeze Sword just entered the throat of the robber, it immediately Pulled out by the sword dust, and then immediately stabbed the third robber.Each sword of the sword dust has a very fast speed, and the quick naked eye can't capture it. In the same strength, almost no one can avoid his sword, and the third robber can't see clearly. Sword shadow, light wind sword has already entered his throat.Killing people is already commonplace for sword dust. In front of this bloody scene, he is already commonplace, and he will not brow at his brows. After solving these robbers, sword dust did not stop for a moment. Feng Jian continues to stab the robbers around.The slaying in the field is very fierce. When it comes to the critical moment of their lives, no one can stay out of the way. Even the rickshaw drivers whose power is less than that of the Holy Ones are gathered together in groups of three or five to gather the power of several people. Combine with some mercenaries to attack the robbers who have lost their orders.The fierce suffocation led to a rapid decrease in the number of both sides. Whether it was robbers or mercenaries, the casualties were very heavy. In addition to the sword dust, the field still kept the clean, rough cloth, and everyone was covered with blood. There are even individuals who are covered in blood and look like a blood person. They are all covered with wounds.Although these robbers are far more numerous in number than these mercenaries, their individual strength and teamwork are far from being as disciplined as these mercenaries, and the mercenaries who have often cooperated with the mercenaries, as the two sides fight together and fall down. Among the descendants, the number of robbers is much larger than that of the mercenaries. Even so, the number of robbers can barely maintain a balance.Jian Chen is still alone in the robbery group and constantly shuttles, calmly dodging attacks from all directions, while holding in his hands the light wind sword that has been completely stained with blood, constantly piercing, with each of him A sword stabbed, not directly hitting the heart of the robber's throat and hitting it deadly, it left a deep visible bone wound on the robbers. The robbers around them did not have the slightest solution to the sword dust. They could not see clearly. The sword that the sword dust dipped out, and even the weapons in his hand, did not hit the body of the sword dust at all. Because there were many times when the weapons in their hands were about to hit the sword dust, at this crucial moment the sword dust totaled. You can take risks and escape the past with a distance of 10%. As a result, your robbers can't even touch the clothes of sword dust. Instead, they are constantly falling under the sword of sword dust.More and more robbers died in the hands of the sword and dust. Gradually, the surrounding robbers also found that the strength of the sword dust was strong. They began to intentionally distance themselves from him. After all, in the case of the loss of name, whoever Do not want to die in vain."You are good, let me come to meet you." At this moment, a vigorous voice was introduced into the ears of Jian Chen. The voice just fell, and I saw a light blue light shot at a very fast speed toward the sword dust. .Feeling the speed of this light blue light and the powerful energy that was inadvertently emitted from it, Jian Chen’s face suddenly changed. With the power of this strike, he already judged that the person’s strength is very strong and powerful. His current strength is simply not enough to hit the ground. Otherwise, I am afraid that the other side can injure himself with only one strike.This light blue light speed is very fast, and instantly has come to the current sword dust, at the same time, Jian Chen's face has become very dignified, immediately control his own body, strongly dodging to the side away.The pale cyan light was almost hit by the armor of the sword dust on the ground, and with the loud bang of "Hang!", the ground was hit with a deep pit.The sword dust staturely retreated. Immediately he distanced himself from the other side. When he stopped, Jian Chen looked up and looked up. Although it was night, it was still burning in the distance by the distance. The fire and his extraordinary eyesight can still clearly see the man opposite.I saw that the man was a middle-aged man about 30 to 40 years old. The middle-aged man should be of stature, not how sturdy it was, and what he looked like was unpretentious. He wore it on him. The commoner seems to be like a very ordinary person. If we remove the knife that was held in his right hand and there is one person high and exudes a radiant blue mark, the middle-aged man It seems to be an ordinary citizen. There is no place in the body that can attract people's attention.When the middle-aged man looked at the sword and dust, the middle-aged man's calm eyes looked at the sword dust. At the same time, he said, “Your strength is very good, the opponent should be me.” The middle-aged man's voice is very Plain, eyes staring at the sword dust, in his eyes as if only the sword dust like a person, for all the days around the shouting reveals a look of indifference.Jian Chen's eyes turned slightly and he looked for the next four weeks. This middle-aged man obviously had a not inferior position among a group of robbers. Since his appearance, robbers within a certain range from Jian Chen had evaded it. At the moment, they were in Jian Chen. Although there were many robbers around them, when they saw the middle-aged man holding sword dust, they dared not step forward and went to find other mercenaries.Jian Chen’s face became dignified, and he knew in his heart that this war was definitely the first time that he had come to this world to meet the first battle of life and death, even though he was confident and able to do the same. Order invincible, but in front of the middle-aged man, Jian Chen did not have much confidence to be able to kill the other side, just from the middle-aged man has just the strength of the blow, Jian Chen has seen the strength of middle-aged men exceed There are too many of them, and middle-aged men also have the Holy Power of wind properties, which is no faster than their own speed.The middle-aged man stared at the sword dust and slowly picked up the knife that was a little higher than his body. The knife covered the faint blue light, and the slightest breeze surrounded the middle-aged man's body. Rotate.Taking note of the middle-aged man's movements, the spirit of Jian Chen is also highly hit, even if he holds the mysterious pace, but in the face of a strength higher than his own too much, and is still a saint with wind properties Force, who specializes in speeding enemies, does not dare to take the slightest effect."Drink!"Suddenly, the middle-aged man uttered a burst of cry, slammed his feet and quickly rushed toward the sword dust. The middle-aged man was extremely fast. He quickly came to the front of the sword and dust, and the knife was covered in blue light and bright. Has been classified as a blue knife with a naked eye to the speed of the naked eye cut to the neck of sword dust.Jian Chen head slightly tilted, the knife close to wipe his head almost over, after the knife awning, the chance of black hair slowly falling from the air down.While shaking his head, the sword dust suddenly dwarfed him. He saw him stride forward and quickly lean forward. As a result, he narrowed the distance between himself and the middle-aged man. A blood-red light pierced the heart of a middle-aged man with lightning speed.In the face of middle-aged men who are stronger than themselves, the sword sword dust has gone all out, not the slightest hand, the speed of this sword, almost reached the limit that sword dust can now exert, almost In an instant, the tip of the breeze sword has already reached the middle-aged man's chest. On the tip of the sword, the constant swiftness of the sword will even penetrate into the middle-aged man's body.Looking at this moment, he reached the tip of his chest. The middle-aged man's face was suddenly changed. His eyes were filled with incredible looks. However, the reflection of middle-aged men was also very fast. At this crucial moment, the powerful Holy The force was sprayed out of the middle-aged man and eventually a strong shock wave hits the light wind sword that has reached his chest. At the same time, some of the Holy Forces form a seemingly weak but very solid guard around his body. .