Chapter 75. Guild WarsThe breeze sword is in full swing, directly breaking the power of the Holy Spirit of the middle-aged man and forming a shock wave. Nevertheless, when the speed of the sword pierces, it is slower than before, and then when the light wind sword stabbed in the middle-aged man. Before the weak shield formed entirely of Holy Power, the tip of the sword paused slightly, but then the light wind sword broke through the shield's defense and continued to stab a middle-aged man. The two defense methods formed by the middle-aged man only broke for the time when he resisted the moment he broke his breath. Rao was so, but he also gained enough time for him to go through the obstacles when the light wind sword broke through two obstacles. The man has retreated to a few meters away with the help of the genius of wind.The middle-aged man stood a few meters away, staring at the sword dust standing opposite the sword, and his face had become dignified. Chen Sheng said: "Good speed."The dreadful gaze of the middle-aged man is silent, but he feels a pity in his heart. The sword has just reached the limit of his ability to play now, and that speed is now he can achieve. The fastest speed, his own full blow has been escaped by middle-aged men, and it is very difficult to kill the middle-aged man behind the sword dust. After all, the middle-aged man is stronger than he is. A lot, but also an enemy with the power of the Holy Spirit and good at speed, it can be said that now the sword dust has completely lost its advantage over middle-aged men.Regardless of his exquisite swordsmanship, but if there is no speed that people can't reflect, then everything will be useless. Moreover, in the case of great disparities in strength, sword dust will not dare to fight with middle-aged men. ."Your strength should have reached the stage of the sages." Looking plainly at the middle-aged man across from him, the sword dust asked.The middle-aged man did not conceal half, saying: "Yes, my strength has indeed reached the stage of the mid-level sages." He said here, the middle-aged man's tone paused, and his eyes were staring at the sword dust with strange light and asked: "Your strength is not strong, and the power of the Holy Spirit is not a wind attribute, but the speed of that sword is just so fast that I can't even escape. I don't know how you have such a speed." The tone of a middle-aged man It was full of curiosity. Now he really wants to know this answer. For him who holds the power of the Holy Spirit, if he is overtaken by others, they will not care, but if they exceed their speed, It will be difficult for them to let go, especially if the person who surpasses him in speed is a person whose strength is weaker than him and who is not yet the power of the Holy Spirit. This is curious for the middle-aged man."I'm sorry, I have no comment on this issue." Jian Chen's tone is very flat.Hearing, the middle-aged man looked cold and cold; "If you tell me in the end what method you use to increase the speed, today I can let you leave. Otherwise, oh, you really think that with that little bit of speed Is it my opponent?""Isn't your opponent, you can try it." Faced with the menace of a middle-aged man, the sword dust is not feared. Instead, he exudes a high war, and in his hands, he is already lightened by blood. Wind sword, is exudes a layer of sturdy Jianmang wrapped the entire sword.The middle-aged man stared at the sword dust and his eyes flashed in his eyes. In his mind, he still had some scruples about the sword that had just reached the end of the sword dust, because the sword dust was just as fast as the sword. It is difficult to achieve that, although he possesses the power of sacred power and occupies an inherent advantage in speed, he is unable to exert a rapid attack like the sword dust, just to avoid the sword that is reaching the extreme. If it is a slow step, if the middle-aged man has no doubt that his own heart may have been pierced, so now in the hearts of middle-aged men, there have been some taboos on the sword dust.In addition, the middle-aged man saw the spirit of Jian Chen’s spirit to go round and face, and he could not infer how many times the sword dust could exert such a rapid attack. If the sword dust can continue endlessly at the same speed, He has to deal with it. It is also a very difficult thing.See middle-aged man does not attack, sword dust is also happy to idle, so with the middle-aged man shook and holding, the sword dust heart is very clear, in the case of speed is not slower than their own, they want to kill the middle-aged man almost It is impossible. Now that he has only arrested the middle-aged man, he can let the middle-aged man not kill the weak mercenary soldiers. When the mercenary team returns, the middle-aged man still gives them direct treatment. .The stabbing in the field did not stop because of the sword and dust, and the cries of killing continued. The bodies of mercenaries and robbers that fell to the ground were more and more, and the ground was completely stained with blood. Even in some bumpy places, blood has been pooled into small water stalls.The robbers are still struggling to stifle. Those who can live to the last are not the savvy ones. They are some of the outstanding leaders. Now, the number of mercenaries and robbers is still at a relatively balanced stage.After holding the sword for a moment, the middle-aged man finally got to work again. The knife in his hands was a light blue light. It seemed to be a light under the dark night sky. Apparently, the middle-aged man rushed toward sword dust once again, holding a knife that was more than two meters long.Looking at the middle-aged man rushing to the front, there was a fierce look in the eyes of the sword dust, and the right hand holding the light wind sword was even more tight with a three-pointer.The middle-aged man lifted up a sword with a light blue light and he immediately cut his head down to the head of the sword dust. The speed was very fast.In the face of an attack by a strong mid-level sages, Jian Chen did not intend to hard-wire. He evaded the past with a dexterous agility and then gave a counterattack.However, when the sword of Jian Chen was just stabbed, the machetes cut by middle-aged men actually changed their direction in the air, with a roaring body, and accompanied by a breeze, they accompanied the sword dust. The light wind sword comes.Jian Chen’s face changed slightly and he immediately recovered the light wind sword. He never touched the middle-aged man's mark.The Jian Bing Breeze Sword is his guilt sacred soldier. His life and life are linked to this seemingly weak breeze sword. If the Breeze Sword is damaged, the sword dust itself will cause a certain amount of damage. Injury, and if the breeze sword is broken, the sword dust will not only lose the whole body martial arts, even his life will be threatened.In the Tianyuan Continent, examples of the death of the master due to the broken sacred soldiers abound. Almost everywhere, the sacred soldiers are formed by the forces of the Holy Spirit but once they are summoned, they become It is extremely hard, and will continue to grow stronger with the strength of the master, unless the difference in strength is too great, otherwise, the sacred soldier is generally not easily destroyed.The middle-aged man's current strength has reached the point where the mid-level sages have reached the stage, which is two stages higher than the sword dust. Although the sword breeze of sword dust collided with the middle-aged man's clearance knife, it may not necessarily give His breeze sword brought too much damage, but the strong anti-seismic force still made the sword dust more than necessary. Therefore, it is impossible for the sword dust to hard hit the middle-aged man anyway, because the loss will only be he himself.Once again avoiding the blow of a middle-aged man, the middle-aged man suddenly showed a subtle flaw in the defensive room. In the eyes of the sword dust, he caught a glimpse of the hard-won opportunity. Then he took all his strength and the body was like a ghost. The quietly came to the middle-aged man behind, the hands of a breeze sword burst shot a fierce Jian Qi, turned into a blood red light, toward the back of the middle-aged man stabbed, the sword broke, issued a subtle The sharp sound, in front of this sword, as if the air was cut, but the speed is even more extreme, the moment is close to the back of a middle-aged man, just in front of the tip has not completely touched with the back of middle-aged man At the tip of the sword at the tip of the sword, he continued to cut through the clothes behind the middle-aged man and pierced the skin.Feel the pain from the back, the middle-aged man suddenly changed his face, but did not reveal much panic look, he is always prepared for the sword dust speed is approaching the ultimate heart, then a powerful Holy Power again Once out of the body, it instantly condenses into a defensive power barrier that blocks the sword potential. At the same time, the middle-aged man rises from the light blue light. At this moment, he has put his own The speed was raised to the extreme and the body left a phantom on the spot. As the blade tip of the Jianfeng Lanfeng Sword was about to pierce his back, the middle-aged man had moved half a meter away from the light wind. Sword's attack range.The middle-aged man guessed that Jian Dust's sword so quickly pierced, surely did his best. At the moment his own defense has been reduced to a minimum. Therefore, the middle-aged man also seized this very rare opportunity to escape the sword. After this sword of dust, immediately lifted the knife in his hands, and the light of the faintly light blue light had gradually turned into a dazzling light in the dark night, and a knife was then left in the air. The brilliant light of the blue has been cut off at an extremely fast rate toward the sword dust. This knife is already a middle-aged man's full blow.After several encounters with sword dust, the middle-aged man has already experienced the hardships of sword dust. The rich combat experience of sword dust has left him with no flaws every time he fights with him. Whether it is attack or dodge, the cooperation and transformation between moves seem to be seamless, allowing him to take advantage of it. This time, by virtue of sword dust, this full-fledged sword may be the case in the absence of defensive strength. The only thing that can give the sword dust is the chance to hit hard, so for this strike, the middle-aged man did not have the slightest hand.The knife passes through the air at an extremely fast pace. If some people with weaker strengths, in front of this knife, do not even reflect the time."Oh!"With the sound of a loud explosion, a barrier knife covered by a layer of light blue light was unimpeded from the head of the sword dust. Everything from his body passed, and the knife was not reduced. The squats are on the ground.With a roar, the knife that contained the strength of the middle-aged man's full blow fell deep into the earth. The powerful Holy power on the knife blasted the surrounding mud. The pit with a diameter of metre and the dust flying in between directly annihilate the figure of sword dust.However, in the middle-aged man's face, he did not show a happy look, but his face became very dignified.“Aftergap!” the middle-aged man secretly exclaimed, however, when he had just emerged from this idea, a strong sense of crisis spread throughout the heart of a middle-aged man. The middle-aged man did not hesitate. The body is almost fully reflex lean towards the side, at the same time, the knife in the hand immediately pulled out from the soil, do not look to cut back toward behind.    "Ding!"As soon as the sound of a clear voice began to sound, I saw the knife of the middle-aged man in the hands of a knife and a sudden emergence of a weak sword covered in blood.The moment the sword touched the sword, the sword dust of the long sword suddenly changed. It immediately became pale, and the chest swelled a few times, and immediately the sword quickly retreated. With.