Chapter 76 Taiji vs. EnemyJian Chen has been back to stop twenty meters away, and now he can no longer keep calm and calm, the original flat face has become pale.After all, he and the middle-aged man themselves are very different in strength. Only by acrobatics and middle-aged men are interspersed, and the sacred soldiers of the middle-aged men just touched each other. The sword dust also eats a small one. The loss, although the sacred soldiers did not suffer much damage, but the strength of the saints who were several times stronger than the sword dust passed through the breezes sword, and still caused the inner chamber of the sword dust to undergo a considerable shock. Some minor injuries.The middle-aged man stabilized his stature and his eyes were full of dignified looking at the sword dust. For those who had suffered for themselves for the third time in a row, the middle-aged man dared not have the slightest disdain, although the latter’s strength was very weak in the eyes of middle-aged men. , But with no more than his slow speed and then an extremely fast attack, the middle-aged man’s threat is even stronger than that of his peers.However, after the middle-aged man saw the state of the sword dust, he seemed to understand something. He could not help but smile and calmly: "Kid, I admit that your speed is fast, but your strength is ultimately too weak." After the end, the middle-aged man did not give the sword dust a little bit of breathing time, once again waving a more than two meters long mark knife on the sword dust open fierce attack.Due to the light wind sword and the middle-aged man's closing knife, some slight injuries were caused in the sword dust. Though these minor injuries will not cause too much obstruction to the sword dust at ordinary times, this time with a strength enough When the middle-aged men who are two times stronger than him and who have reached the mid-level sages, the impact of this minor injury is very fatal. After all, the sword dust is only at its peak and it can only be done with its own strength. The mysterious body and method were speeded up and the middle-aged man was circumvented. Now, in the state of injury, the speed of the sword dust is as quick as before it could not be maintained. It has gradually become difficult to avoid it.After a few rounds of hands with Jian Chen, the middle-aged man also seemed to understand that the current threat of sword dust has reduced him a lot, and the vigilance of the sword dust in his heart has also weakened some of his strength. Take it out, unrestrained shot, Zhaozhao deadly attack toward the sword dust, and speed faster than before a few minutes.As the attack speed of middle-aged men has accelerated, it has become increasingly difficult for the sword dust to escape. If it is at its peak, the sword dust can not only escape the attacks of middle-aged men, but also can take the time to return fire. He can only dodge, and has lost the fight back, and with the speed of middle-aged men, sword dust every time to escape the attack of middle-aged men are dangerous and dangerous.The attack speed of the middle-aged man is very fast, but just a few breathing time, it moves dozens of strokes, and now, losing the strength of the sword dust worn on the body of the rough robe has been more than a crack The slightest blood stained the edges of the cracks. It can be seen from the little blood spots that the wounds on the sword dust are not deep.Light blue light flashed in the darkness. The middle-aged man's knife was placed in a group of winds and cut through the night sky at a very fast pace.This knife, although Jian Chen has been fully evaded, but he has slowed many of the speed at this moment, still can not completely dodge, was a deep knife left a deep visible bone wound across the chest, across the entire His chest and his blood were dyed blood red in the clothes of his sword dust.The middle-aged man smiled and the action did not stop at a single moment. While the sword dust hadn’t distanced himself, he immediately stepped closer to the distance between him and the sword dust. The light blue light of his right foot flashed to the lightning. The average speed kicked on the sword dust.    "bump!"The body of Jian Chen’s body was like a cannonball. He was kicked by a middle-aged man with a kick far away. The body was still in mid-air, and a piece of blood couldn't help but spray out from the mouth of the sword dust, and the body flew away. More than a dozen meters away, after several robbers were smashed along the way, they fell on the ground. Then, they couldn't help but spurt out of the mouth of Jian Chen. The face has become pale. Up.With the flash of glory, the middle-aged man has appeared in front of the sword dust over a distance of more than twenty meters. He looked at him with a smirk and said, "I'll give you a second chance, if it's how you take it. Such a low level of strength can be used to tell the secret that the speed is not inferior to me. I will spare you today, or else I will die!” The middle-aged man’s eyes flashed with radiant heat. He really did so with sword dust. The strength of the low level can exert a very high level of sensation that is not inferior to his speed. In his heart, he is eager to think of having such a secret law. For him who studies the power of the Holy Spirit, speed is of the utmost importance once he has mastered it. With these secret methods, the middle-aged man can't imagine how fast his speed can reach. However, it is certain that his strength will be greatly improved. At that time, his position in the bandwagon will be in the sky. Will greatly improve.At the thought of this, the middle-aged man felt the enthusiasm of the body, and his heart was excited. Even his face became a little excited.Jian Chen wiped the blood sacrifice at the corner of his mouth and slowly stood up from the ground. He looked at the middle-aged man with a bit of excitement on his face and couldn't help but sneer and said, "I'm afraid you didn't have this ability. "Although this moment has already suffered from internal injuries, Jian Chen did not show the slightest fear of middle-aged men who are stronger than they are.When he spoke, the whole body of Jian Chen was also making minor adjustments. At this time, his body was completely relaxed and the Buddha was not prepared for anything. The right hand that had been used to grip the sword also became lax. The current state does not seem to be guarded. It does not look like it is fighting.The sword dust suddenly made his middle-aged man's face sink into a cold expression and said: "Boy, based on your current strength, is not qualified to say this big talk. If you refuse to say it, then I will only let you eat hard. Head.” When the voice fell, the middle-aged man waved the knife in his hand toward the right shoulder of Jian Chen.Facing the middle-aged man's sword, Jian Chen did not make the slightest evasion of the action, but instead lifted the sword and actively welcomed it. Although the speed of this sword is extremely fast, it gives people a kind of buoyancy and softness. Feeling, it was completely inconsistent with the fierce and murderous sword move.When the light wind sword collided with the big knife, there was no sound of the slightest sound. The two touched each other completely and silently. Then, the soft breezy sword looked like a sticky bone and was tightly glued to the big bone. Knife on the knife, in a very clever way to drive the mark off the knife off the original attack line, in the half-empty left Rao and around the circle of several paintings, directly on the knife off the horror of the power to clean up Net, and then follow the trend to the side of a lead, so that the knife cut off in the side of the soil.The middle-aged man's face changed slightly, and he looked at the sword dust with a bit of surprise. Because just now, he couldn't control his own knives, so if this strange thing happened to an opponent who was stronger than him, perhaps Nothing is wrong, but at this time, the other side is a weaker than many of his opponents, which makes middle-aged men a bit unacceptable."What are you fighting skills for?" asked the middle-aged man in surprise.“Taiji swordsmanship.” Jian Chen said, he was not proficient in Taiji swordsmanship, but he had had a lot of contacts with the Wudang faction masters in his previous lives, and he gradually realized that the Tai Chi swordsmanship was used to softly and skillfully. Principle, and at this moment, in the case of a man of middle age who is already inferior to a middle-aged man, and he has been forced to close to the end of his life, swords and dusts are obliged to resist. He only uses his Tai Chi swordsmanship, which is not mastery, to resist.Taiji swordsmanship emphasizes taking soft gram just to calm the brakes to win overpower, and it also contains the power to make full use of all sorts of skills. This kind of tricks can really help the wish of the sword dust, but it can help very much. The only deficiency here is that the sword dust is only slightly puzzling about Taiji swordsmanship and is not proficient in it. After all, he is good at handing a quick sword. Nevertheless, it is enough to allow the sword dust to be supported in the hands of a middle-aged man for a moment.Hearing that, the middle-aged man frowned and thought of the meeting, then shook his head slightly, whispered: "Tai Chi sword method, never heard of." Then, the middle-aged man's eyes once again thrown at the sword dust, eyes flashing inexplicable eyes He sneered; "Boy, I did not expect that you are not strong enough, and you have a lot of fighting skills. It seems that it is a pity to kill you. You should give it back to you. It must be Thanks to the words, the middle-aged man once again began to practice. The knife in the hands of the sword with a strong sacred power to attack the sword dust, and now, he has already made a note in mind, say today Anything must be brought back to the sword dust, for that can lead to open his attack Tai Chi swordsmanship, middle-aged man did not how to put the heart, what really makes him the heart of the sword dust that display the secret of speed.Next, the sword dust relied on the Tai Chi swordsmanship, which was not how skilled, and the middle-aged man reluctantly resorted to the mysticism of the Tai Chi swordsmanship. Every attack of the middle-aged man could be resolved by the sword dust, and the Tai Chi swordsmanship The law of traction makes middle-aged men unable to control their own knives.In the face of sword dust, this hand is not skilled in Taiji swordsmanship, middle-aged man that powerful strength seems to no longer exist, but the sword dust is not so easy on the surface, although Tai Chi swordsmanship can let him do it with soft, just pull the weight However, with the strength he has just advanced to the Holy One, he must go all out to reluctantly reach the four or two requirements to resolve the terror of the middle-aged men's knife. Therefore, every time he resists the attacks of middle-aged men. The sword dust looks easy, but it is very difficult.However, with the use of Tai Chi swordsmanship, sword dust is only a defensive means to protect itself temporarily, unable to fight back. It can only withstand blindly, there is no chance to win, if not by the middle-aged man is almost technically poor, Jian Chen absolutely will not use his Tai Chi sword method which is not good at.After meeting several times with Jian Chen, the middle-aged man's face gradually appeared anxious. His own attacks were not only unloaded in a wonderful way by a person who was weaker than himself. And it also made him unable to control his weapons. This is definitely a shame for middle-aged men."I'm not sure that I can't care for you today," said the bastard boy. The middle-aged man was furious and couldn't help but grow up, and with his groans, the shot was even more ferocious.As the strength of the middle-aged man's shot increases, it is getting more and more difficult for the sword dust to resist. The forehead is covered with fine beads of sweat. His face has become pale and the power of the Holy Spirit is depleted.