Chapter 77 WarfareThe crazy attack of the middle-aged man also caused great pressure on the sword dust. After all, the sword dust must go all out to get rid of the attack of the middle-aged man with that unskilled Tai Chi sword method. It can be said that sword dust Every time he removes the terrifying power of the middle-aged man's knife, he will inflict a great deal of power on his sacred power. The fierce fighting between the man before the sword and the middle-aged man makes him not The power of the sacred power has consumed most of them. At the moment, it is the body that has been seriously injured. Therefore, as the sword dust persists for a little while, it gradually feels a bit weak. It is becoming more and more difficult to resist the attacks of middle-aged men.With the strength of the newly enlisted, Jian Chen can compete with the middle-aged man whose strength has reached the mid-level sages for so long. Not only is he relying on his superb swordsmanship, but he has experienced war-torn and hard-working experience. The greatness of the role played cannot be ignored. If it is for a person with the same strength as the sword dust, under the fierce violent offensive of the middle-aged man, it is difficult to say whether he can save his life within ten rounds.After all, the difference between the strength of the sages and the sages is really too great. There is a gap between these two stages.With the light blue light breaking through the sky again, when the light wind sword in the sword dust swiftly sticks on the sharp knife, it is finally no longer able to unload the horror force on the knife. The breeze sword was directly set back by the closing knife, and finally under the pressure of the closing knife, the breeze sword was not returned by the original control of the sword dust, and finally the bombardment of the sword body was on the chest of the sword dust.Jian Chen’s body was directly hit by a fly and flew away. It took more than a dozen meters before it fell to the ground. An uncontrollable blood flowed out of the throat and sprayed directly from the mouth. And out, classified as diffuse fog."Boy, now I see if you have the ability to escape my palm, or go back to me." The middle-aged man sneered, and then did not give the sword dust breathing time, stature shaking, blink of an eye It crossed the distance of more than ten meters to the front of the sword dust, and put out a pair of large hands and grabbed it toward the neck of sword dust.Looked coldly at the middle-aged man's rapidly approaching hand, his fierce eyes flickered away from the eyes of the sword and dust, and his heart murmured with a sigh. "Oh, it seems that only the last move is used."The last resort is the swordsman's life-saving stunt. At the same time, he is also the only means of protecting the Tianyuan continent by himself—a sword of God.The use of God's imperial sword is a stunt that can only be grasped by the breakthrough in the ability to achieve a breakthrough at the time of death.However, when Jian Chen was just preparing to use the last trick to deal with the predicament in front of the sword, suddenly, a fiery giant sword was swept away and straight towards the middle-aged man, he grabbed the arm of Jian Chen and cut it. go with.The corner of his eye slightly glanced at the fiery red sword that his arm looked like. The middle-aged man's eyes showed a disdainful look. When he snorted, the arm grabbing the sword dust suddenly stopped, and then the palm of the hand was light blue. As the sky went up, the middle-aged man’s palm was completely enveloped in it. Then, the middle-aged man’s palm, which was wrapped in a light blue wind attribute of Holy Power, was directly swept toward the flaming red giant sword and finally stabilized. The red giant sword caught in the hands.Taking this opportunity, Jian Chen resisted the serious injuries on his body and climbed up from the ground. His eyes looked subconsciously at the people who shot and saved himself. When he just wanted to thank him, his eyes suddenly condense.I saw the owner of the Red Sword is a young man who seems to be in his twenties, his youth looks ordinary, belongs to the kind of catch in the crowd is a lot, but is not strange for this youth sword dust It was this mercenary who was very much in touch with him on this road - Mu Yun.The middle-aged man smirked at the wooden cloud holding a big red sword and smiled, "I can't help myself."After listening to the middle-aged man, Muyun's face showed a strange smile and chuckled: "You can only be the strength of the mid-level sages. I am not much stronger than I am. I dare to speak so much." Voice One When I fell, I saw the Red Red Sword of Red Fire in the hands of Mu Yun. The red light exudes hot temperatures. Between these dark nights, it is apparent that the surrounding darkness has been dispelled. As the red glow becomes stronger and stronger, the temperature of the emission is also rising. However, during the time of breathing, the red-flame sword has been enveloped by a dazzling red glow and the light is constantly beating. It looks like a flame.Feeling the increasing temperature in his hands and the increasing power of the Holy Sword on the Great Sword, the middle-aged man could not help but frowned and immediately grabbed the sword's palms and suddenly released, while flapping at the same time. Sword body.    "bump!"Under the attack of middle-aged man, which contained a powerful force, the red giant sword in the hands of Mu Yun was directly photographed to the side. However, Muyun also had certain fighting experience. With the strength of the giant sword, he actually took advantage of a turn and drove. The giant sword circled a circle in the air and cut it again toward the middle-aged man."Since you want to die, I'll do it for you!" The middle-aged man gave a cold cry. The hands of the knife in the hands flashed a light blue light, and they immediately waved the mark knife. Under a parcel of breeze, they were extremely fast. The speed meets the fiery red sword."Oh!"Muyun’s fiery red sword collided with the middle-aged man’s closing knife and made a loud whisper sound. The two sacred soldiers touched each other, and Mu Yun’s footsteps slammed back more than a dozen steps away. In contrast, middle-aged men, under the feet, seem to have roots that are deeply rooted on the ground. They stand on the same ground as the mountains and they do not even shake their bodies.Reluctantly weak, at first glance they know.The sword dust standing on one side saw this scene, and it was clear to him that Muyun’s strength was even weaker than that of middle-aged men, but it was definitely stronger than himself. According to his estimation, Muyun’s strength should be in Dasheng. Between intermediate and senior, despite this, it is still not an opponent of a middle-aged man. The wind power of the middle-aged man is good at speed, and is far less powerful than Muyun’s fire power. After all, the power of Holy Power is the most powerful force of attack power in addition to light and dark.The middle-aged man, with the power of the Holy Spirit on the front, can completely overpower the wooden cloud that grasps the power of the Holy Spirit. If the middle-aged man exerts the strength of the wind attribute of the Holy Power, he can use the speed to communicate with Muyun. In the fight, the sword dust would be sure that Mu Yun could not hold on to the middle-aged man for a long time.If he and Mu Yun join hands to fight the middle-aged man, Jian Chen is confident that the two of them can fully hold the middle-aged man.However, it is a pity that the sword dust was heavily damaged by middle-aged men several times. Now it is a serious injury. The internal organs of the body have been seriously damaged. In his current state, let alone help. Here is an unusually strenuous thing.After a sudden blow of the cloud, a middle-aged man's eyes flashed with a devastating murder. When the time for Muyun was not adjusted, the blue light on the knife rose sharply, leaving a phantom shadow in place. Appeared in front of the wooden cloud, cut straight to the head of the wooden cloud, the speed is approaching the extreme.For Muyun, the middle-aged man did not have the slightest desire to keep his hand. As soon as he came up, he immediately killed him and tried to put him to death. After all, there was nothing that could make his heart move on Muyun.The look on Muyun's face became dignified, and then suddenly he made a sudden burst of drinking. His hands suddenly turned red in the hands, and an even hotter heat emanated from the Great Sword. At the same time, an A burning flame suddenly appeared, completely enclosing the Great Sword, then waving the Great Sword, and greeting the cut-off knife.Just after the huge sword of Muyun had just thrown out, he was swiftly classified as three fire serpents. Two of them accompanied the flames of heaven and earth to face the knife, and the last fire snake rushed towards the face of the middle-aged man. go with."Boom!"The Daguan knife collided with the two fire snakes and suddenly made a loud noise. The two fire snakes that burned with fierce flames were directly dispelled by the closing knife, and the Martians were designated as splashing everywhere. Looking far away, put The Buddha is a beautiful blooming flower, do not have a scene.After disperse two fire snakes, the offensive of the middle-aged men's knife was also obstructed, and the third fire snake was still like a fierce tiger, with hot temperatures and a burning flame. Ben middle-aged man's door.Just when the third fire snake was close to the face of a middle-aged man, the middle-aged man suddenly grasped the right hand of the knife and suddenly released it. The strong wind attributed the power to gather and burst into place. Shoot it.When the palm and the fire snake collided with each other, a loud crash broke out. The fire snake was photographed by a middle-aged man, and once again, the sky was splashed by Mars and scattered all around.After breaking the fire snake in the palm of your hand, the middle-aged man did not continue to attack. His eyes were staring at the opposite side of the wooden cloud. He exclaimed, "This is a combat technique. You actually will fight." No one found out that The man's sagging right-handed palm, which has become very red at the moment, is also larger in volume than before.Hearing the words of middle-aged men, Jian Chen also cast a surprised look at Muyun. For swordsmanship, he was not unfamiliar with combat skills. In his heart, he was very clear. Combat techniques were a valuable alternative practice in Tianyuan. Laws and the use of combat skills can exert powerful attacks several times or even more than a dozen times their own strength, and their preciousness is far beyond the practice of cultivative exercises. It is simply not what general mercenaries can possess. Jian Chen did not think that Mu Yun, a seemingly ordinary mercenary, would actually carry this expensive thing. He must know that with the scarcity and cost of combat technology on Tianyuan, even some strengths have been achieved. The Master of the Great Teacher cannot own it.There are also high and low points in combat skills. Although Jian Chen has been fluctuating in the Tianyuan mainland for the first time, he is not lost to some old mercenaries in some knowledge in the library, but with his eyes, he can It can be seen that Muyun is absolutely the best choice in terms of combat skills used or practice skills, because ordinary combat skills or practice exercises are not enough to make Muyun take the strength of the Holy One. Can evolve a tangible flame.