The Seventy-eighth ChapterMuyun smiled coldly and said: "You still have some insight, yes, it is fighting skills!"The middle-aged man took a deep breath and looked at Muyun's eyes with a hint of greed. The combat skills are very valuable on Tianyuan, unless they are born in decades or even centuries. The children of the family and those who are famous in the mainland, otherwise, the ordinary warriors want to possess combat skills. It is very difficult, although some people have obtained some of the predecessors left by chance, but such things The example that took place on the Tianyuan continent is very rare. There is no deep chance and super luck. It is simply not to think about it.Although the middle-aged man has already possessed the strength of a mid-level sages, he is considered to be a not-so-fatty master in the banditry group, but he still has not mastered even one combat skill. For his combat skills, his heart is also coveted for a long time, unfortunately. With his position of strength, he is not qualified to obtain the skills of war.The middle-aged man slightly moved his lower right hand and felt the burning pain from his palm. In his heart, he could not help but feel anger and became excited. With his knowledge, he could tell at a glance what Muyun had displayed. This combat technique is an advanced combat technique that is not too weak. Although combat skills are fire properties, it is not necessarily suitable for him to use the power of Holy Spirit, but this does not prevent middle-aged men from obtaining it. The urgent attitude of this combat technique is because the fighting skills are really precious on the Tianyuan continent. The more advanced combat techniques, the more expensive it is.“Haha, it seems that even today, Heaven is in love with me. Boy, I will have something for you.” The middle-aged man laughed loudly, and he could not say the excitement in his tone, as if in his heart, sword dust The mystical method of speed and the combat skills in the hands of Muyun are all his own."Hurricane! You are too tall to see yourself." Muyun sneered, first shot, the red giant sword with a burning flame piercing the dark night sky, toward the middle-aged man's chest piercing, with the Great Sword Cut, a faint, vague coercion is also distributed from the Red Sword, and rushed around the world. However, the pressure of this stock is very thin, and the light people can hardly feel it.However, for the very powerful sword dust of “God”, this faint coercion was still clearly captured by him. When he felt the source of this faint coercion, the surprised look in his eyes became even more apparent. A little thicker.Seeing the red giant sword with a mighty power, the middle-aged man's face was sneered and said: "Boy, although you are arrogant, but your strength is still too weak." Voice dropped. Just when the red giant sword was about to touch the clothes on the chest of a middle-aged man, the middle-aged man's figure suddenly disappeared like a ghost, and the giant sword of Mu Yun swept away.Seeing that the middle-aged man disappeared in front of his eyes, Mu Yun's face sank slightly. However, at this moment, a shrill squeal came from behind, and Muyun did not miss his thoughts. The giant sword immediately turned into three fire snakes. After being fired, in mid-air, the three fire serpents were actually merged into one, forming a fire snake that was even larger in size."Oh!"With a sound of steel-like sympathy, the two men sprang to a large flash of fire, directly flooding the bodies of the two men, and then saw only a circle of fiery red cymbals centered on the two men's belligerence. Diffused by a radius of more than ten meters, when this red scorpion swept over the body of the sword dust, it contained a bit of darkness in the dust which still did not dissipate. It was a bit dark if it was not the sword dust. The clothes were already stained with blood to keep the clothes wet and I am afraid that his current clothes had already burned.In the large area of ​​fire, both Mu Yun and the middle-aged men both stepped out of the way, and both of them looked a bit embarrassed. The neat hair of Mu Yun's original bundle had become very messy. The face has turned pale, and the fiery red sword, which is held in the right hand, has become dull.The middle-aged man was covered with a strong wind attribute of Holy Power. In his body, the original clean and tidy clothes had already left many black spots that became black because of the fire. The next half.Because of the use of combat technology, the fighting power of Muyun and the middle-aged men was even greater than the sword dust. This large flash of fire suddenly attracted many mercenaries, and immediately those mercenaries who were still in the fight and The robbers all turned their eyes to Yu Guangyun and his middle-aged men. When they saw a large piece of fire, some of the more far-sighted servants could not help but exclaimed."That is actually a real flame. If the strength does not reach the Holy Master of the earth, there will be no real flame at all. Isn't that, that is fighting skills!""Fighting skills! Actually combat skills!""Some people will fight skills!"No matter whether it is a mercenary or some robbers, everyone who recognizes Muyun's combat skills and both are screaming with exasperation. The eyes looking there are full of surprises and disbelief. After all, combat skills are in Tianyuan. On the mainland, it is too rare and too expensive. Some ordinary low-level mercenaries may not be able to see the colors of combat skills for the rest of their lives.After the surprise, the eyes of most mercenaries and robbers flashed with greedy eyes. Combat techniques on the Tianyuan continent are definitely the most coveted of any one of the martial artists, and the most desired things are the degree of eagerness they are far behind. On the basis of cultivating exercises, because with combat skills, you can display powerful attacks that are several times or more than their own strength, and they are all based on strength and are full of strength. With the door fighting skills, there is an extra layer of protection for your own life.Looking at the mercenaries and the robbers in their eyes, they showed greed, and they couldn't help but feel the guilt of being guilty. They were guilty and guilty of guilt. He knew better than anyone else. Mu Yun was absolutely full of his skills. The material thing, but at the moment Muyun's tactics and the fact that he is actually exposed to this many mercenaries, the preciousness of combat skills on the Tianyuan continent will definitely invite endless trouble for him, even if it is because of his death. It is not impossible. After all, the strength of Muyun itself is still too weak.Now, the sword dust is not only worried about the comfort of Muyun in the future. Although he and Mu Yun both knew the time is not long, can only be regarded as a meet in peace, but in the dust of the sword but understand, Muyun is to Save yourself from involvement in the struggle with middle-aged men and expose yourself to combat.Looking at Muyun hotly, the middle-aged man said quietly: "Awesome combat skills, actually using the strength of the Holy One, can take down my full blow!" Said here, the middle-aged man's tone slightly paused Then, with a sneer at the corner of his mouth, he said, “Although you can use your combat skills for a while, you can use it as strong as the sages. But this is not your own strength. I see how long you can persist.” The middle-aged man holds up a large knife, and when he just wants to attack him again, suddenly, a few powerful forces come from afar.Feeling this sudden and powerful momentum, the middle-aged man's face showed a hint of joy. In his opinion, this was a master player of the party who had already killed the masters of the mercenary group. Support yourself and others.At the far end of the dark side, several dark shadows are running at a very fast speed toward this side. Just one breathing time, the appearance of the dark shadow appears in the eyes of everyone, and when you see a few statures After the appearance, all the mercenaries cheered loudly."It is the head of the team. They are the heads of the team. They are back.""Head of Lang Tian, ​​head of Lang Tian won back.""It was the head of Xiahou. They killed the master of the banditry bandit."There were a total of five people returning. Each one had wounds of large and small wounds. By the flashing flames not far away, faintly can see that the clothes on the five of them were already stained with blood. On the shoulders, they all looked at several bodies.Listening to the merciless cheers of the mercenaries, middle-aged men and robbers still fighting with the mercenaries suddenly became ugly. Then, the middle-aged man suddenly turned his head, eyes wide open. Deadly staring at the return of a few people Xiahou head, eyes full of incredible look."You, you, how could you possibly come back alive." The middle-aged man had a bit of hard tears and he couldn't believe it. At the time of seeing this scene, the middle-aged man has already made it clear that the masters of his camp may have been more ill-fated. Otherwise, the person who came back is not a mercenary group, but a master of his own camp.The words of the middle-aged man made the return of the five mercenaries to focus on him. Then, the five men slowly laid down their bodies on their shoulders. The eyes of middle-aged men were full of strong murderousness. .Feeling the strong intention of killing of the five people, the middle-aged man was surprised and he did not hesitate. He immediately shouted: "The situation is not good, we retire!" After waiting, the middle-aged man puts up the knife. As the light blue light flashes away, it has evacuated to the distant place with the fastest speed. Although the five returning masters are all with no minor injuries, the skinny camel is better than Ma Da. They are also full of five people, and they do not have the slightest chance of winning the middle-aged men.And just when the middle-aged man just moved, the five seniors who had just returned returned immediately to catch up.After listening to the middle-aged man, if the robbers who are still struggling to get big, they immediately abandoned their opponents and fled."Kill! Don't leave!"As one person ordered to open the door, the remaining domestic servants immediately opened their legs and strove to kill the remaining members of the Bandit Band. For the gangsters in the sky, these mercenaries are hated and can easily let them go.The masters of their camp were defeated by the mercenaries, and even the middle-aged men who could only speak up could escape. At the moment, the members of the bandit rogue lost their hearts and hearts, only to escape, and even to escape. Even the courage of fighting is gone, and the mercenaries, because the heads of the mercenaries and a few masters defeated the masters of the Cangwu Robber Mission, and morale has soared. Even those who are already exhausted are suddenly There was endless energy and struggling to kill the robbers who had fled.The screams of screaming in the darkness, but soon subsided, under the leadership of three masters, the remaining robbers were mostly killed by the mercenaries, and only a few people who ran quickly escaped."Win! We won!""The sky robbery was defeated by us!""We defeated the bandit robbery!"When the fighting ceased, the remaining mercenaries began cheering loudly one after another. The sky robbery group was a nightmare for the mercenary. It was an incarnation of death and could not be defeated. It is definitely a very proud thing for them to be able to fight back the bandwagons of the sky.