Chapter 79 Clean up the messAt this time, two dark shadows ran quickly from a distance toward this place and quickly stopped in a group of mercenaries who were the mercenaries who had previously pursued the middle-aged man.I saw only the middle-aged man whose appearance was about 30 to 40 years old. His face was stained with blood and he couldn't see his face. His body was covered with wounds. The shattered clothes were dyed with blood. The bright red is also pale on the face of the two people who are full of fortitude. Nevertheless, the bright eyes are still blemishes.Looking at the two hands empty and back, apparently did not catch up with the escaped middle-aged man."Oh, that person's power with savage attributes has a huge advantage in terms of speed. Although both of us are stronger than him, we can't catch up to him at this time and eventually let it go. He escaped," said one man, his voice full of helplessness."Well, fleeing let him escape. I didn't think they were actually a robbery group. No wonder strength is so strong. This time it was not a mysterious master who helped out in the dark. Some of us may not be able to come back. It's a lucky thing that you can get a life." It's a burly middle-aged man who speaks. He can see through the fire that he can see the darker skin on his face.After listening to what the middle-aged man said, several others went to kill the mercenaries returned from the masters of the bandit gangsters. Their faces were slightly moved. From their eyes, there was a hint of gladness and fear."Head of Lang Tian, ​​you're okay." At this time, a mercenary arrived at the middle-aged man and asked in a tone of concern.Hearing that, the middle-aged man, known as the head of Lang Tian, ​​bowed his head slightly and looked at the wound on his body. He shook his head slightly and said, "I'm not sick, I can still live on." Said here, the middle-aged Han Chinese. Eyes swept toward the few mercenaries they had resisted on their shoulders. They sighed a long, gloomy look in their eyes and said in a low tone: "Unfortunately, Muyun Bai and Dahei The heads of the desert mercenary regiments were all dead in the hands of the masters of the Bandwagon Band."Hearing that many mercenaries look full of deep sadness, especially members of the desert mercenary regiment, one by one, their moods are extremely heavy, but for the perennial years on the Tianyuan continent, they eat on the edge of the knife. For mercenaries, such things have obviously gone through many times without knowing it, and they have long been used to the court. Therefore, the crowd quickly calmed down."Brothers, although we have succeeded in swiftly retreating from the gang of thieves and thieves, we only met their small units this time. If we met their large units or elite units, we would not have any way to live. So, now here. It is not appropriate to stay for a long time. Everyone immediately took a look at the casualties, buried the dead brothers, and then hurried out of the road overnight. Immediately, the head of Langtian said loudly.After listening to this, the mercenaries suddenly became busy and the mercenaries whose injuries were heavy were escorted and treated with drugs. As for those mercenaries who were strong and injured, they were all arranged to dig. Pit, carry the body.Everyone was quietly busy. The entire camp showed a strange silence. At this moment, everyone did not speak. They all did their own things in silence and the atmosphere was very dignified.Jian Chen's eyes glanced around his eyes, and his heart sighed in secret. This time, he met with the bandit gang of thieves. Although he achieved the final victory, it was a victory. After this battle, the three mercenary groups combined. The power that has risen has also been greatly weakened. The number of people has dropped from several hundred people to less than one hundred. The strength is less than one-third of the original strength. The dozen masters who rushed out have returned only five people. Moreover, all of them were injured and their combat effectiveness dropped greatly. Among them, even the head of a mercenary regiment was killed in the battle with the master of the banditry bandit."Dust in dust, you're okay, the body is not heavy." At this time, with a familiar voice sounded from the ear of sword dust.Wen Yan, Jian Chen looked back and saw that Mu Yun did not know when he had come behind him, and the person who spoke was Mu Yun.Now the status of Muyun is not very good, his face is pale and sick, and the previous and middle-aged men's confrontation, Muyun is not as easy on the surface, although the war skills are super strong to play his strength, but With his current strength, the use of combat skills will also impose a very large load on himself.Jian Chen gently shook his head and said: "I'm not a big problem." Said here, Jian Chen tone of tone paused, looked a little complicated and looked like Mu Yun, whispered: "Muyun, you have used combat technology has been The little mercenary found out. On this road, you should be careful. When you arrive at a safe place, leave the caravan as soon as possible. Otherwise, I am afraid that some of them will do something against you."After listening to the words of Jian Chen, Mu Yun glanced around at the busy mercenaries around the eyes. He smiled and said: “Dust powder, thank you for your kindness reminded, I will be careful.” Although that is said, but Mu Yun His look did not reveal the slightest fear. For these mercenaries, he did not put the Buddha at heart.The eyes commented on Muyun’s bland face. Jian Chen’s heart was slightly moved. He looked thoughtful and the strength demonstrated by Muyun and middle-aged men fought. Dust did not think he had enough strength. After self-preservation in the mercenary regiment, after all, Muyun took out a white ceramic bottle from the space ring and sent it to the front of Jian Chen. “This is a good medicine for healing. Oral and topical. You take it to treat the injury. It.""Thank you!" Jian Chen did not refuse to reach out and handed over something that Mu Yun handed."You're welcome. You should treat your injuries first. I'll help them do something." Then, Muyun left.After one hour, the whole caravan has been cleared and the mercenary soldiers who were killed have been buried in a large pit. As for the people in the banditry, none of them cared for them. Their bodies remained still. Lying down there, these mercenaries in the hearts of the gangsters in the sky are very hateful, and no one will go to collect them for them.And at this hour of the time, Jian Chen also took care of the wounds of his body in a careless manner. The one who had become tattered and rough because of fighting with middle-aged men had already been replaced by him. Before the sword dust prepared more than a dozen sets of clothes on the space ring, so simply can not find clothes for.    "set off!"When everything was ready, under the leadership of a leader, the entire caravan set off again to prepare for a sleepless night. After the skyrocketing bandit attacks, the caravans no longer dared to Stay here again, even if it's too late to stay.After a war with the gang of gangsters in the sky, the defensive power of the caravans was greatly weakened, and there was no longer enough strength to deal with the next battle. After all, many members of the bandit group had escaped. If the caravans do not leave here, I believe that it will not be long before they will be surrounded by large units of the banditry bandwagon. By then, they will not be able to return to heaven.The sword dust dreadfully climbed into his mount and followed the caravan’s hurrying on the night. Sitting on the horseback, the sword dust closed his eyes and silently ran the Holy Power of the body to heal the wounds in his body. In the midst of a heavy blow from a middle-aged man, the sword dust was heavily injured and the power of the Holy Spirit in the body was consumed too much. At this time, his physical condition was even a bit difficult for the most basic actions, not to mention the fighting power. At any time, we will meet the dangerous Tianyuan Continent, the most important of which is strength. Therefore, now that the Jian Chen has not dared to stop for a moment, it is trying hard to restore its own strength.The caravan is advancing rapidly on the official road. Because everyone fears that they will be caught up by the banditry bandits, the advancement will be several times faster than before. However, it is only faster than ordinary people running at full speed. On a little bit, after all, there are carts of goods in there, and I don’t want to get up quickly. Even at the current speed, I’ve almost overturned my car on several bumpy roads.On horseback, Jian Chen still kept his eyes closed, and he was able to recover his injuries slowly with the help of the holy power in his body. Now that the environment is under control, the sword dust will not dare to devote all his life to treating the wounded state. The very serious injuries in the body are restored to snail-like slowness.Now, in the mind of the sword dust, I could not help but think of my own mother, Bi Yun Tian. He also remembered clearly that he had injured his brother Changyang Ke in Changyang Fuchu a few years ago. Pikyun wouldn’t use the power to treat the injuries of Chang Yangke. Well, even if there is no scar left, if there is a bright sages present, I am afraid that the injuries in his body will be much easier to recover, but it is a pity that the light sages are too few, and their status is sublime. With the current strength of the three mercenary regiments, there is simply no ability to request them.As soon as he had just thought of the bright sages in the sword dust brain, suddenly the brain glow flashed, and then the closed eyes suddenly opened, and in the moment his eyes opened, a blinding light burst from his eyes. Out, fleeting."Yes, I can feel the bright power and absorb it. I don't know if I can control the light and the Holy Power like the Bright Teacher to heal the wounds." Jian Chen screamed in the bottom of his heart. It is very likely that he will control the Holy Spirit with the same power as the bright sage. The excitement in his heart suddenly rises and it is difficult to control his own joy.Since the last time he had been treated for injuries to Changyangke in the Biyuntian of Changyang, the bright sacred power that he inspired gave the sword dust a clear idea. This kind of power will be felt by every day when he absorbs the qi cultivation of heaven and earth. That kind of special energy, at that time, Jian Chen really wanted to test whether he could control the bright power. Unfortunately, because of the factors of the occasion, he could not try the idea in his heart. Then he gradually forgot about this thing. It was only then that I suddenly recalled it.