Chapter VIII Mishap ()Looking at the dust in the swordless head, Changyang’s bright eyes widened and he walked to the side of Jian Chen. He said, “Four younger brothers, you shouldn’t be too sad. Someone will bully you later and you will tell your sister and sister. You will be greeted with a meal for you." Changyang Mingyue thinks that because of his inability to cultivate the Holy Power, the sword dust is only sad.After listening to these words, Jian Chen’s face could not help but smile and he looked up at the bright moon in Changyang. He said, “Be assured, my sister, I'm not so bullied.”Only the sword dust itself understands that he is not unable to cultivate the Holy Power here, but that he has absorbed all absorbed Holy Power into the flesh for the purpose of refining his body, so that his body is still empty. There is no point in Dantian. The power of St., otherwise, today's test results will definitely not be the case.It is a pity that these conditions can no longer be spoken out. Once it is said, he will not be able to explain these things at all. Regarding the purple sword, he will not say anything in any case. Otherwise, I am afraid that The origin of law will become a big problem.Although Jian Chen understands that because of this incident, he will certainly greatly reduce his position in the Changyang Mansion, but he does not care much about it, and he still has a little expectation that such a situation will occur. Once things really develop into this, then he will later. It is no doubt easier to leave Changyang. If they are really put on a genius title, I am afraid that if they want to leave Changyangfu to go outside, it will not be easy. At least, before their own strength is not recognized by them, they will never let themselves go. Go out."Xian Er .... Xiang Er ...." Softly called from the bed, this time, the mother of Jian Chen finally woke up.As soon as I heard the voice, the spirit of Jian Chen stirred and immediately turned around and came to Pik Wan Tin. "Mom, baby is here, you're okay."Biyuntian looked at the sword dust with a complex look and sighed and said, "Your mother is all right, Xiang Er.....hey...." Pik Wantian's appearance as he wanted to speak, he looked at Jian Chen's eyes very complicated. There is sadness, sadness, and a bit of pain.“Four sisters, you don’t bother too much. When Xiang Tian was young, he was extremely smart. Although it was a big pity that he couldn’t cultivate the Holy Power, in my opinion, Xiang Tian is not that simple. His future achievements still remain. There is no limit to it. After all, he has a clever mind that other children do not have.” Bai Yushuang, who stood by the side of the bed, came to the bedside and said comfortingly.Pik Wantian nodded slightly and said: "I also understand this truth." With your eyes on Jian Chen, you have a white soft hand and gently stroked the head of the sword dust, softly said: "I don't have to use Xiang Er. Sadly, your second aunt was right. Although you can't cultivate Holy Power, but you have a bright mind, in other places, maybe there is a very good achievement."After listening to this, there was a hint of hesitation on Jian Chen’s face. When he looked at his mother, the sword dust was very uncomfortable. At this moment, he really wanted to tell the truth of the matter to his mother. It is not impossible to cultivate the power of the Holy Spirit, but in the end the sword dust is still holding back, and said: "Lay, don't worry, the babe won't let you down." For this hard-won motherhood, sword dust is very Treasure.On this day, Jian Chen stayed with his mother in the room all day long and did not leave until the night. During this time, Chang Yang Pa came to visit Pik Wan Tian, ​​but soon left, and for Jian Chen, Chang Yang The performance of the tyrant today is very different from that of the past. His attitude toward the sword dust has gradually cooled down. All this, the sword dust is in sight.In the twinkling of an eye, four years have passed since the test of sword dust power. During this period, when the sword dust was all right, they all locked themselves in the room and practiced it. The cultivation time was even longer than before, sometimes even whole. Days do not see sword dust out.In this four-year period, the position of sword dust in Changyang Fuchu has indeed fallen a lot. Even the Changyang tyrants have become cold to him. In the past four years, he has never taken the initiative to look at him once. His mother, Pik Wantian, came to visit Jian Chen almost every day. Her love for Jian Chen did not change at all.Early the next morning, the sword dust sitting cross-legged on the bed slowly opened his eyes and ended his night's cultivation. Then he only saw him with both hands and palms, and gradually appeared a white light, followed by sword dust. A beautiful turn over from the bed, fell firmly on the ground, his hands at the same time plugging into the ground.Only a slight sound was heard. The small hands of the sword dust were as hard as two small steel plates. They were easily on the floor with a very hard texture and only exposed the parts above the palm of the hand.Looking at his own masterpiece, Jian Chen’s face showed a glimmer of joy. As early as half a year after the end of the sword dust test, he put the basic cultivation practice of the first layer of Zijian Jiandian into practice. Officially began to cultivate the power of the Holy Spirit. Because there is no need to use the absorbed Holy Power to practise it, the practice of sword dust is very fast. It took only a few years to achieve very great results. Nowadays, with the help of the Holy Spirit in the body, with its hands, sword dust can be inserted into ordinary stone slabs and it is also very easy.In the early morning, Jian Chen walked out of the house door and walked alone in the Changyang Mansion. However, the guards in Fuchu’s patrol team looked at Jian Chen’s eyes full of weirdness, ridicule, disdain, regret, and sword dust. It is no longer a secret thing in Changyang Fuchu to practise wasteful people. Now, even some patrolling guards in Changyang Prefecture have seen some changes in their eyes.Jian Chen turned a blind eye to these things. At this time, his stomach could not resist hunger and began to yell, and Jian Chen reached out and smeared his stomach and sighed in secret. He immediately walked in the direction of the kitchen.He had not been dining with his mother for a long time. He had gone to the kitchen every morning for breakfast. Only at noon and in the evening he would go with his mother, Pik Wan Tien. The dining hall dine with several aunts.When the sword dust came to the kitchen, hundreds of folks were busy inside. The kitchen was suffocating. Because of the stove, it was like staying in a steaming steamer."Oh, this is not the four masters, how did the four young masters come to our kitchen again? Well, this kitchen is the place where we are staying. How can you come to this kind of place with your delicate body of four young masters?" After seeing Jian Chen, a man in his twenties who was in his early 20s began to laugh. The strange tone made anyone listen to the ridiculous words in his speech.When this voice fell, one of the guys immediately contacted him and said, "If I guess right, the four young masters must be in the kitchen to get the girl's head, but it's strange that the four young masters did not go to the dining hall and the family. Meals together, but we have to wrong ourselves. We actually go to the kitchen to get the steamed buns. This steamed bun can be eaten by our servants and Fuchu guardians.” It was about 30 years of age. Young people, mockingly watching sword dust.After listening to the two of them, the other guys in the kitchen looked at them with a good look. Both of them had supporters behind them, and the man in his 20s was the big aunt of Jian Chen. That is, Chang Yang Pa's first wife Delphi introduced, and I heard that the exquisite also touched the side of relatives, but because of their own little ability, so only work in the kitchen.As for the 30-year-old young man who spoke later, his brother was the captain of Changyang Prefecture's guard.Listening to the ridiculous words of the two men, the swordsman's eyebrows wrinkled and his eyes flashed an anger, but eventually he was stifled by him and went straight to a huge steamer just as he was about to reach out and uncover the steamer. When the lid was on, he didn't want to take a big step and grabbed the huge steamer to remove it."The steamer's steamed buns have to be handed over to the security guards. The brothers who served as guards in the Changyang House haven't eaten breakfast yet." Then, the guy walked outside while holding a steamer. In the end he murmured: "What a pity ah, Mrs. Four actually gave birth to a useless waste son."After listening to these words, the body of the sword dust was slightly stiff. At this moment, the anger in his heart could not help but burst out. He said nothing, and then his body shook slightly, and his feet lightly stepped on the ground, at an extremely fast speed. Came behind the man holding the steamer and punched himself directly behind the guy.    "bump!"Unguardedly, the man holding the steamer was directly slammed into the ground by the fist of sword dust, and the steamer he held in his hand fell to the ground. Suddenly, one by one. The rolling gimmick fell out from the inside and slammed on the ground to roll around.Sudden changes caused everyone in the kitchen to squint and look at the dust in a sudden change of position. Everyone in the kitchen could not believe it. They did not even see clearly how the sword dust ran. To their disbelief, only the four young masters at the age of seven actually fell a fistful of a thirty-year-old adult on the ground. Although the latter held a large steamer in his hands, the scene was in a group. In the eyes of the buddy, I still feel incredible."Ha ha ha, Qiu two old brother, you too surprised me, so you are also a Holy Power to reach the three-tier master, was actually hit by a child's fist fell to the ground, you will not be in the woman last night There was a lot of effort on the stomach, and it was so weak." The fellow who looked down on the floor and laughed at Jian Chen, the young man in his late twenties, couldn't help laughing.After listening to this, the man named Qiu Er was crawled up from the ground. His eyes were full of anger and looked at the sword dust. He was dropped on the ground by a seven-year-old child who was hit with a fist. This child is still an incapacitated person who cannot practice the Holy Power. This is a shameful disgrace to him. After all, although he himself is not the Holy One who has consecrated the sacred soldier, he is also a person who has reached the third level of Holy Power. .The flames of anger fainted. Now Qiu Er seems to have forgotten the identity of the four young masters of the Changyang government in the form of sword dust. He roared quickly and quickly came to the front of the sword, directly hitting the fist of Jian Chen.Looking at the fist of Qiu Erji, Jian Chen’s face showed a disdainful look. The punch appeared to him to be full of flaws. Immediately afterwards, the sword dust body slightly slanted, and moved a small step to the side, just to escape. The fists hit by Qiu II then jumped and leapt. The right leg quickly crossed a beautiful trajectory in the air, and Kou's kick was on Kiu's nose.    "what!"Qiu II made a scream of pig-like squeaking. His hands immediately licked his nose, and there was blood running down between his fingers. This sword dust did not leave his hand in the first place and he directly knocked Qiu’s nose bones off. The severe pain has already made Qiu's face pale.