Chapter 80 Wind Blue KingdomThe sword dust took a deep breath, slowly depressed the heart of that excitement, and slowly calmed himself down. After he calmed down, he did not hesitate for a moment, immediately closed his eyes again, and absorbed the world as usual. The strength of the room, but unlike the practice of the past, this time the sword dust does not absorb the strength of heaven and earth to cultivate. Instead, it removes the special energy he feels from the ins and outs of the world and then directly absorbs it into his own. In the body.All of this is simple to say. However, it really is an extremely difficult task to do. However, for the very powerful sword dust of “God”, it is not how difficult it is to achieve this. More is more than some of the mind.In front of the mighty God of sword dust, this was mixed in the strength of heaven and earth. No one other than the wise sages could feel the special energy and suddenly had nothing to do. It clearly appeared in the perception of sword dust, and later, sword dust. The powerful "god" is like a vacuum cleaner with powerful suction. It madly extracts the special energy mixed in the world's vital energy and then slowly gathers it into his own body and is eventually absorbed by himself.In the heart of the sword dust, it is very clear that when this particular energy is gathered to a certain extent, it will emit a milky light. Therefore, in order to prevent such things from happening to themselves, when the sword dust absorbs this special energy, the speed is It is very slow and it can be described simply by a snail climbing a tree.When this particular energy was absorbed by the sword dust, it immediately merged into his limbs. At the same time, a refreshing feeling emerged from the heart of the sword dust and quickly filled his entire body. Feeling that his whole body was wrapped in a warm warmth at the moment, he was very comfortable, and he was bathed in this comfortable feeling. The appearance of Jian Chen’s face revealed a very enjoyable look.The severely injured body of sword dust, after this special energy fusion, is also recovering at a very terrible speed. The speed of recovery makes the dust of the sword dreadful. The feeling is so incredible. This moment He truly understands the sacred power of the Lightmaster's power and how terrible healing power he has in the healing of this wound."The book says that some of the high-ranking sage teachers can not only rehabilitate people, they can even bring people back to life. It seems that these things are not false at all. Now, with this bright Holy Power, the healing power of the wounds will come Look, perhaps some of the top high-ranking sages actually have such a heavenly power.” In the heart of the sword dust, he secretly thought that if he said that he was skeptical about the ability of a senior sages to let people regenerate and regain their lives, they would be skeptical. Now that he has tasted the healing effect of the bright Holy Power on the injury, he has already believed eight points in this speech.Sitting on the back of the horse, the god of sword dust controlled the bright power from the heavens and earth, and then it was continuously absorbed by itself at a slow speed. Because the body absorbs the bright power, They are covered by a faintly strange energy. This strange energy is exactly the special energy called the Holy Power. Although there are several mercenaries who gather sword dust, the distance is not very far, even a few. The strength of the name is as strong as that of the Master of the Great Master, but they do not realize the strangeness of the sword dust at all.This bright Holy Power is a very special kind of energy. In addition to the Light Sages, the rest of the military can't feel its existence at all. Even some of the sky's great masters can't feel the bright power between Heaven and Earth. It is precisely because of this that the number of bright sages on the Tianyuan mainland is so rare because every bright sages on the Tianyuan continent are made innately. From birth, their souls and the heavens and the light Force formation is a shallow fit, so they can feel the existence of the bright power between the heavens and the earth. With the growth of “God”, they can gradually control this power.When the brilliance is gathered in a certain degree, milky rays will form. Only in this way can the warriors discover the existence of the sacred power with their eyes. They cannot feel the sacred power of the light like the heaven and the earth. Force is completely blank in their perception.The night passed in a hurry in the process of the caravan’s rapid rush. Throughout the night, none of the caravans fell asleep. Instead of taking time to recover their injuries, they were highly concentrated and were always watching. In the movement, everyone is afraid of meeting people in the bandwagon again.In a tense atmosphere among the mercenaries, the night finally passed. Nevertheless, the crowd still did not relax their vigilance. Although they had stayed away from the place where they had stayed overnight, they had not yet reached a safe place. In this area, robbers will still be met at any time.If this group of mercenaries are all in a state of full prosperity, the general robbers are naturally not afraid. Unfortunately, after a battle with the bandits and gangsters in the sky, they not only have injuries to all of them, but also the personnel are greatly reduced to their current strength. , I am afraid that even if you meet a common robber, a hard battle will occur.Although they can save their lives by throwing away some goods, the goods that can be sent abroad are not cheap, unless it is a last resort. Otherwise, neither the businessmen nor the mercenaries are willing to make such a decision. select.When the flaming sun slowly rises from the line of heaven and earth, he sits cross-legged on the back of his horse. The sword dust that hasn't moved all night long has slowly opened his eyes. From his eyes, he can clearly find the thick. Strong happiness and excitement.After a night's treatment, the serious wounds in the Jianchi that had at least five or six days to recover have already been restored. And even the already depleted Holy Power in the body has reached saturation. It can be said that The current state of sword dust has reached its peak.Moreover, at this time, the sword dust can clearly feel that the power of the Holy Spirit in his own body has grown much more than yesterday.“I did not expect that I could actually control the light and the Holy Spirit like a bright sage!” In the heart of the sword dust, I thought, that ecstasy filled the entire heart. This was definitely a pleasant surprise for him, once he had such a capacity. Then, he will have more protection for his future life. No matter how serious he is hurt, he can recover at the fastest speed anytime, anywhere.At the same time of surprise, Jian Chen’s heart was also shocked by the great healing effect of Shengli Li on the injury. If the injury in his body was treated with drugs, it would take four or five days to fully recover from it. St. Force, it was only one night's time has been cured, and this is still the sword dust deliberately slowing down the speed of the absorption of the light, after all, he does not want to explode his ability to control the light ability.In the heart of Jian Chen, it is very clear that he can control things like the Holy Power of the Light as the Holy Master, not a last resort, or don't leak it out easily. He considers things to be very thorough, maybe at some crucial moments. His own ability to control the brilliance of the light can also have an unexpected effect. Although the status of the bright sage is very sublime on the Tianyuan continent, but compared with his own life, this degraded honor is what counts.Next, the caravan was still calm along the way, except that occasionally met with one or two less powerful World of Warcraft harassment, and did not meet the robbers and the powerful World of Warcraft attacks, this way all the way to the emergency march a few days time, The journey that originally took ten days to arrive was shortened by six days. After three consecutive days, the caravan finally passed through this most dangerous route and arrived at the border fortress of the wind blue kingdom.Looking at the looming high walls in the distance, all the mercenaries showed happy smiles on their face. It was not until this moment that they were relieved. Although there was still some distance to walk, it was not necessarily safe on the road, but Not far from Feng Lan Kingdom, there is a small-scale town. In the town, they can recruit some mercenaries to supplement their combat effectiveness."We have arrived in the wind and blue kingdom. We have finally become a blue kingdom.""Now that we are all safe, don't worry that the bandit rogue will catch up."Many mercenaries could not help but shouted loudly, and the tone was filled with excitement. Even Jian Chen could not help but smile on his face. At this moment, his heart felt a lot easier. After all, he The current strength is still too weak. Once these even the mercenaries can't resist the robbers, he will face a plight.Although the tall city wall in the distance can be seen, it is nearly ten miles away from the fortress, and it is close to the fortress. On the clean pipeline, there are several figures and some caravans passing through it from time to time.Ten miles passed in an instant and when the caravan reached the gate outside the fortress, it was stopped by a soldier who became famous."Stop, where did you come from?" A soldier who looked like a leader looked glanced at the caravan and shouted.Someone in such a caravan is naturally going to deal with it. Immediately a mercenary stepped forward to negotiate with the soldier who looked like a leader. At the same time, some golden light flashed in his hands, and he carefully packed it. In the hands of a soldier.The soldier rubbed his fist and carefully rubbed it a few times, his face gradually showing a satisfied smile, waved his hand and said: "You go in!"Afterwards, the caravan successfully passed through the upwind gates of the wind blue kingdom border fortress and entered the territory of the wind blue kingdom.After passing through the fortress, the sword dust suddenly felt a lot more stable. In this way, he had at least successfully escaped the sphere of influence of Hua Yunzong. Although Hua Yunzong’s forces in the kingdom of Gerson were very large, Jian Chen believed that they His hand does not reach the wind blue kingdom so far away.A short distance from the wind and blue kingdom border fortress is a small city. After the caravan has stopped the carriage full of goods, the mercenaries have also disbanded themselves and have gone to rest, leaving only two people behind. Look after the goods.The parking place for the goods is a place specially arranged by the chamber of commerce. It is a centralized place where all the caravans are parked. There is an expert guardian sent by the chamber of commerce to ensure the safety of these goods. Therefore, it is not necessary to worry about parking the goods here. The possibility of being stolen.In fact, there is no mercenary who dares to fight these goods. Otherwise, I am afraid that before you leave the city gate, you are surrounded by a large number of city defense forces.