Chapter 81 Don't FeastAfter the goods are parked, the time for the free activities of the mercenaries is followed by a rest time for everyone. However, due to these days and nights, everyone is very tired and they are exhausted. When they were dissolved, they dispersed themselves. Most people refused to eat even if they wanted to eat. They found a restaurant and slept on their heads, and some of them were injured and rushed to treat their injuries. .The sword dust bound his horses, his eyes glanced around his eyes, and he stayed on the back wearing a simple dress, then looked around cautiously, and finally walked quickly toward the back.After coming to the person wearing a simple dress, the sword dust lowered his voice and said: "Moyun, you have a lot of mercenaries to know what you are doing with combat skills. Now, taking advantage of this opportunity, you can leave quickly." Otherwise, I'm afraid they will do something that is bad for you."After hearing the words of Jian Chen, Mu Yun looked back at Jian Chen and smiled uninterestedly. “Rest assured, to get the combat skills on me is not so easy.”Wen Yan, Jian Chen brow slightly wrinkled, eyes looked at Muyun one, light laughed: "In that case, then I no longer nonsense." Speaking here, the sword dust tone slightly, then continue Said: "Since we have successfully reached the wind blue kingdom, then I will also leave the mercenary regiment. We cannot follow the path afterwards. Muyun brother takes care of all the way." Then, Jian Chen looked at Muyunyi. Bao Quan. Although Jian Chen and Mu Yun met for the first time, the relationship between the two men on the road was considered as good and they could be considered as mutually beneficial. Moreover, Mu Yun was even more secretive in order to save himself and expose himself to war. Things, so, in the dust of the sword, the impression of Mu Yun is still good, but this is not enough to make Jian Chen put Mu Yun into the ranks of his friends."You take care!" Muyun also replied.“Is there any intention for the two friends to leave? Everyone has worked hard on this road. We have prepared a good wine and food. It would be better for us to eat and drink together.” At this moment, a vigorous voice suddenly emerged. As soon as I saw it, I saw a man in a black costume with a smile on his face and walked towards Jian Chen and Mu Yun.Looking at the big man, the sword dust looked a little glimpse, but quickly recovered and immediately bowed down: "The original is the head of Lang days!" These days, Jian Chen is also familiar with the three mercenary regiment A lot of people, and this brave guy wearing a black costume, is the head of Lang Tian, ​​is a master of strength to reach the Great Master.At the first sight of the head of Lang Tian, ​​Mu Yun also put down his hand and smiled in front of the head of Lang Tian, ​​arching his hand, and he was also called hello."Two friends, I don't know how to call it. This time I met the gang of thieves in the sky. It was actually our turmoil. But fortunately we finally managed to repel the Bandit Robbers. In the meantime, thanks to the two shots. Help, otherwise, our casualties may be even greater.” Lang Tian head gentle face smile, looks like a full of goodwill uncle."In the next sword dust, the head of Lang Tian is very polite, and this time he can successfully repel the sky bandits. The greatest merit is that the head of Lang Tian led the team to kill the other players in the camp of the other side." There was a faint smile on the face of the dust, and he answered with a chuckle.“Yao Muyun, Jian Chen’s brother is very good. This time, he successfully repulsed the Cangwu Robber Corps and relied on the head of Lang Tian to kill the opponents in the other camp. Otherwise, I’m afraid that even we have no chance to survive. "Muyun also said with a smile.After listening to the words of Jian Chen and Mu Yun, Lang Tian's eyes flashed a faint look in his eyes, but he was immediately disguised by him. Then he began to say: “The sword dust, Muyun’s two friends are in too. You are welcome, no matter what the final result is, but I still want to thank you on behalf of the entire Langtian Mercenary Corps. On these days, everyone is worried that they will be caught up by people who are gangsters in the sky. We have had two hardships. Now that we have prepared good wines, it is better for us all to eat well and have a good meal. Then we shall take a good rest for a few days to ease the exhaustion experienced during these days.""Well, I will soon forget what flesh meat tastes like when I eat dry food all day. I just plan to have a good meal. Now that Head of Langtian has prepared the dishes, then I It's saving money for a meal.” Muyun agreed with a very straightforward answer. Then he looked at Jian Chen and said, “If you go with sword dust, why don’t you go together? These days, you will eat dry food. Presumably you will also be greasy. Now."Wen Yan, Jian Chen slightly shook his head and said: "The good intentions of the head of Lang Tian are under his heart, but there are still important things to do now. They must leave immediately and they will not accompany the brothers together to drink together. At the same time, he also asked the head of Lang Tian for forgiveness."There was a trace of regret in the face of the head of Langtian. However, if the words of sword dust had already been said so, he would not be able to continue to retain him. Instead, he had to surrender: "Since the brothers and sisters of the Dust Brothers have something to do, it will not delay the sword. Dust brother's time, so as not to interfere with the matter.",Afterwards, after the bid farewell to the head of Lang Tian, ​​Jian Chen left immediately. Like the individual mercenary who joins the caravan midway through this way, freedom is not subject to any restrictions. Therefore, Jian Chen wants to go away. There is no need to inform anyone.Shortly after the sword dust had gone, in a room in a restaurant, the head of Langtian, dressed in black brawn, joined several mercenaries and whispered something."Kabu, you confirm that the mercenary called Muyun has battle skills on his body." He was talking about a middle-aged man wearing a white gown and sitting beside Lang Tian's head. The middle-aged man was of medium build. The black long hair was tied behind the head by a clue, and on the bronze skin of the face, there was an unusually awkward wound, which was clearly discernible from the blood that had not completely fallen off. It is caused by the recent."Yes, the head of Bai Feiyun, the mercenary who was called Muyun, used to display combat skills. But there were many people on the field who saw it. There would definitely be no falsehood." A mercenary responded immediately."Yeah, Bai Yunfei, the head of Lang Tian, ​​I think as long as we are the brothers who survived, we can testify. Mu Yun's display is definitely combat skills, and it's still a product of low order. Combat skills." Someone immediately agreed to the road.It was originally such an important thing that these mercenaries should have already reported, but it was a pity that at that time they would meet the troops of the banditry bandwagon at any time to catch up. Their lives could not be preserved, so at that moment there was no People will think about combat skills. After all, even if you get combat skills, if you do not have the life to enjoy it, it will not be empty at the end.But now it is different, and they have entered the wind blue kingdom. They are also temporarily safe. At this time, they were only able to speak of Mu Yun with war.Although they are a group of mercenaries, the living environment on Tianyuan mainland is very cruel. Even if some mercenaries see the things that make them all jealous, they will also rob like robbers, similar to this. Things are common in Tianyuan.After listening to the words of the two mercenaries, several other people in the room also frowned at the same time.The middle-aged man wearing a white long-sleeved shirt looked to the head of Lang Tian, ​​who was dressed in black attire, and said: "Head of Lang Tian, ​​what do you think about this matter?"The head of Langtian frowned and thought about the meeting, and then slowly said: "I think Mu Yun himself should also know that his combat skills have been leaked out, but I do not understand is that with him The strength of the Holy One, after learning that his own tactics had leaked out, why didn’t he choose to flee here for the first time, but continue to be with us, and he would not be afraid that we would fight against him? note?"“Standing back, even if he believes in us, he wouldn’t worry that he’s gotten out of our mouths with his combat skills. He’s got endless trouble for him, and even lost his life for it.” Analyzed, although he looks more like a strong Han, he is not stupid at all."So to say that the mercenary, named Mu Yun, is not an idiot with a problem in his mind, that is, there is nothing that can make him fearless." The middle-aged man wearing a white robe was sinking.After listening to this, the head of Lang Tian said again: "I had contacted with Muyun before. In my opinion, Muyun is not an idiot with brain problems, and it still looks like an old servant with some experience. Soldiers, such people, how could they make such fatal mistakes."“Who did you know when this wooden cloud came?” continued the white man’s middle-aged man.“This wooden cloud was joined in the middle of the journey. It was with us. As far as the details are concerned, we are not sure. After all, some individual mercenaries will want to travel long distances. They will almost always join a trade team to ensure that they travel on the road. The smoothness of this, and for such people, we are not good at rooting the root of the question.” Talking to a middle-aged man, the middle-aged man was wearing a cyan gown and his face was slightly pale. If Jian Chen is here, it will surely recognize that this middle-aged man is in the kingdom of Gerson, and agrees to follow the man who travels with the caravan.Several mercenaries in the room were silent. After a moment, there was finally a mercenary who couldn't help but said: "Head, we can't do it. If we succeed in winning combat skills, then it's for us. However, even if we don't use it ourselves, if we don't use it, we will sell it for a price that is precious on the Tianyuan continent. Moreover, this combat technique is still a product of order. Not low combat skills.""Head of the team, either let us give it a go." Another mercenary said, his eyes pulsing constantly pulsing.The head of Langtian frowned, but did not immediately agree to it, but turned to look at the middle-aged man in the white robe sitting next to him and asked: "The head of Bai Yunfei, for this matter, I do not know you any idea."The white robe known as Bai Yunfei’s middle-aged man wrinkled his brows together, his eyes flashing and he looked indecisive.After thinking for a long time, the commander of Bai Yunfei finally opened his mouth and said slowly: "Head of Lang Tian, ​​surely you remember when we fought against the masters of the Bandit Bandit a few days ago, finally there was a mysterious strong man who secretly helped out. What happened.” Bai Yunfei’s tone seemed heavy and heavy.After listening to the words of the head of Bai Yunfei, the faces of several uninformed mercenaries in the room were slightly changed. What happened in front of them was that, except for the five people who returned, no one else knew that they did not know. Originally, these mercenaries still thought that the master of the banditry bandwagon was killed by his own head and several masters. But now it seems that things are not the same.Upon hearing this, the head of Lang Tian moved slightly and replied: "Of course, remember that if the mysterious powerhouse secretly helped out in the end, I am afraid that several of us have not lived to return."