Chapter 82 Restaurant FailureAfter listening to the words of the head of Lang Tian, ​​the uninformed mercenaries in the room face changed dramatically. Several people looked at each other and their eyes were filled with horror and disbelief.The head of Lang Tian continued: "The head of Bai Yunfei, it is estimated that you are also worried about what the mysterious strongman and Mu Yun will implicate."Bai Yunfei, the head of the team, nodded and said, "If it isn't for the fact that Muyun is arguing with combat skills, he will remain so unabashedly here and there, and I will not put that mysterious power forward. He associates.""It makes sense," Lang Tian said. "If Mu Yunzhen and the mysterious powers are involved, then we absolutely cannot. If we don't, then the consequences will be even greater than when we meet the Cangwu Robbers. Serious.""The name of the mysterious strong, absolutely can easily destroy our entire team." Bai Yunfei is also full of dignified face, Shen Sheng."As the orders are passed, no one will mention the fact that Muyun is arrogant. If you don't mention it again, everyone will absolutely not know this thing."After bidding farewell with Mu Yun, Jian Chen circling around the city called “Black Wind City”. Blackwind City is a small city, but since it is near the border fortress of the Wind Blue Empire, the whole Everywhere in the city is a prosperous city, and the flow of people is also very large. Everywhere, businessmen and mercenaries from other countries can be seen.Came to the distance not far from the mercenary trade union, Jian Chen directly to a restaurant to live, these days running around, let him feel a burst of exhaustion.After eating some food freely in the restaurant, Jiandeng returned to his room directly under the guidance of the shop's Xiao Er.Sitting cross-legged on the bed, the sword dust did not sleep, but began to practice with a few first-order magic nuclei directly from the space belt. Now, he is not afraid to slow down his own promotion of strength, as long as there is time, The sword dust will come out with magic nuctics to cultivate, because only if he has strong enough to not have Hua Yunzong's strength, even if he is strong enough to let Hua Yunzong feel jealous, he can return home squarely, even if he is sneaky. Going back, it may not be discovered by Hua Yunzong. However, with the arrogance of Jian Chen from the bones, he obviously could not do it.The energy in the magic nucleus quickly drained at a terrifying speed, then poured into his body from the entire body of the sword dust, and finally absorbed by him. Of these huge energies, only 1% of the energy was actually absorbed by the sword dust. Of this total, 99% of the energy was absorbed by the two spots of purple and blue light that he had inexplicably emerged from. The two light spots appear to be like a bottomless hole. No matter how much energy is absorbed, it will not change at the slightest.But for his own affairs in Dantian, Jian Chen is helpless. This is simply not what he can control. Now he only allows the energy of Dan Tianzhong to rob him of two spots of purple and black, but the only one of them is to compare the sword dust. The comfortable thing is that although the consumption of magic nuclei is now hundreds of times higher than in the past, his cultivation speed is a bit faster than before. This point also makes the sword dust find a little comfort.Early in the morning the next morning, when the warm and soft sunlight spilled over the earth, sword dust awoke from the state of cultivation and opened his eyes. Jian Chen looked at the first few steps in his hands that had disappeared completely. Magic core, his face could not help showing a trace of wry smile, sighed: "This consumption is really too much, this night's cultivation consumes more than fifty first-order magic nuclei, although there are some magic in my space ring. Nuclear, but according to this kind of consumption, I'm afraid I can only stay for ten days at most."Jian Chen got out of bed, slightly moved his feet, and then came to the window and watched the crowd on the street outside, whispered: “The practice is absolutely impossible to stop, and if there is no magic nucleus However, it is not desirable to absorb the strength of heaven and earth, and the speed of cultivation is one-tenth of the weekday. It seems that we must find ways to supplement the magic nucleus."Afterwards, Jian Chen got out of the room and came to the bottom of the restaurant to casually find an empty table to sit down."Objective, I do not know what you want to eat?" Just sitting in the sword dust, the enthusiasm of the shop two smiled ushered up."A dish of fried tiger meat, casually come to two dishes, plus another bowl of white rice." Jian Chen randomly ordered a few dishes."Good, objective, please wait."A bit boring to sit at the table, sword dust glanced casually in the restaurant, the size of this restaurant is not large, in this Blackwind City can only be considered moderate, but this time is exactly the morning, It was a time for businessmen and mercenaries to dine, so many people were already sitting in the restaurant. There were originally 30 to 40 tables and there were only less than 5 left.The restaurant is very noisy. Many mercenaries are talking loudly and do not care about other people's feelings."Objective, your food has come." Did not let the sword dust wait long, soon, shop two on the few points that the sword dust point to the side up, carefully placed on the table.Jian Chen while eating breakfast, while listening to the chatter of the mercenaries in the restaurant, although the restaurant is very embarrassing, but here are gathered mercenaries to go north and south, from their mouths, but also hear a lot of interesting fresh thing.At this moment, there were several mercenary-dressed men coming in at the entrance of the restaurant. There were a total of five men. Except for three of them who appeared to be young people aged 20 to 30, the other two were all old. Forty middle-aged men, several men wearing uniforms in cyan t-shirts, and it is not difficult to tell from their silver badge on their chest that they belong to the same Mercenary Corps, and this has a silver badge. The rank of this mercenary group is not low.As soon as the five people entered the restaurant, their eyes glanced around, but now it is the peak period of dinner. The table in the restaurant has already been filled and there is no free space."True, no position actually." A young man in a cyan gown with a thin body screamed.A young man standing next to him glanced at the restaurant and finally stopped at the sword dust that occupied a table. He laughed and said, "Shrimp, who said no place, you see, that's not to have a table. You know, although we sit on a table a bit crowded, but this is no way."In addition to the sword dust, there are still many people in the restaurant who sit alone on a table. However, those people know that they are not good bones. They only have sword dust and they do not seem to have the slightest threat. Therefore, this young man naturally put his mind on the sword dust.Hearing that, the eyes of several people gathered in the dust of a sword wearing a white coat. When they saw the face of sword dust that was in their twenties, a grin appeared on their faces. Then, they smiled. Five people walked past at the same time.When he arrived at the table where the sword dust was sitting, the young man who had become a “shougan monkey” reached out and patted Jian Chen’s shoulder. The skin said with a smile: “This friend, this table is now We have taken up, you still have another one."Hearing this, the sword brow wrinkled, looked up slightly, eyes swept across the five faces, and when his powerful god sensed the strength of the five people that was not so strong, the heart suddenly felt relieved and said: "I'm sorry, now I will also use this table." For these five people, there is not much taboo in the mind of the sword. Although two of them are not young, their strength is not so strong.After all, the strength of strength may not be entirely based on the age. Some talented people, at a young age, can become top players in the famous continent. Some mediocre people, in their lifetime, cannot condense sacred soldiers. Cross the sacred path of the saint.The monkey's face suddenly sank, and he looked into Jian Chen's eyes with a hint of chill. He shouted: "Kid, don't toast and eat without penalty, and immediately get me away."Things that happened to Jiandeng side naturally attracted many people in the restaurant. However, this kind of thing can be said to be everywhere on the Tianyuan continent. It is not so fresh. Therefore, everyone is holding a play. The state of mind is watching the development of things here. No one wants to help.