Chapter 83 Desolation Mercenary CorpsJian Chen’s face changed slightly, and the original dull look became fierce with the words of the monkey. Although he’s still too weak, it doesn’t mean that Jian Chen is a fearful person. man of.The chopsticks of sword dust slowly put down, his lips trembling slightly, and his tone was low: "Just because of you, I am not qualified to occupy this table."Hearing the words, the face of the monkey was first glimpsed, but then, it was a sneer of a look. His eyes were gloomy and stared at the sword dust. The strong murderous machine in the eyes leaked out without disguising it. If the sword dust really did not know When he lifts, he doesn't mind taking it out and destroying him. In his opinion, the fragile figure of Jian Chen, with his age, is not in any way like a warrior with great power."Kid, since you don't know how to lift it, then let you do monkey lessons to teach you and teach you a long memory." Then, the monkey slaps directly to the face of sword dust, palms are not Then, the violent palm of the hand brought the dust of the sword dust to tremble slightly. It can be seen that the monkey slaps and its strength is not light.In the eyes of the sword dust, a Hanmang flashed. Immediately, he clutched a pair of chopsticks to the right hand and plugged it at the lightning speed.The speed of the right hand of the sword dust is very fast, and it is difficult to catch the fast. When the monkey has not yet responded, the right hand of the sword dust has touched with the slap of the monkey. Touching each other, I saw that the chopsticks caught by the sword dust in the right hand were just like sharp spikes. It was easy to pierce the monkey's palm and penetrate it."Ah!" The severe pain from the palm of the hand caused the monkeys to make a scream with pain and bleak voices. They sang in the whole restaurant and made everyone listen to it clearly.Suddenly, there were many contemptuous voices in the restaurant, and the result was obviously contrary to what they had in mind. Everyone in the restaurant cast an unexpected eye on Jian Chen. However, when there were some eyesight The people saw that Jian Chen actually pierced the monkey's palm with a piece of chopsticks. His face suddenly became dignified. Then he looked into Jian Chen's eyes and he slightly changed his eyes. There were quite a few eyes in his eyes. All with deep shock.Just using a piece of wooden chopsticks to pierce the palm of your hand requires strength. At least, none of them can do this.After piercing the palms of monkeys with chopsticks, the right leg of Jian Chen was also kicked out. He kicked the monkey's chest and kicked the skinny monkey's thin body to a distance of three meters. Only to press across a table, the image fell to the ground.The few mercenaries sitting at the table immediately left here for fear of being affected. Although the age of the sword dust does not seem to be large, the strength he displayed and the hot means at the moment are deterrent to the restaurant. Among the many people, several of the mercenaries who are sitting on this table and dining are naturally not going to turn their faces off with the sword dust for this little thing.Seeing the end of the monkeys, the four mercenaries who came with the monkeys apparently slumped, but then they came back. One by one they stared at the sword dust and their eyes were full of killing intentions.“You dare to work with people in our mercenary mercenary regiment and live impatiently.” A young man's face was full of fury, furiously facing the sword dust, and his voice did not fall. A huge sword suddenly appeared in his hands. , waved toward the sword dust.An unobtrusive smirk appeared on the mouth of the sword dust, and then a whisper was heard. A silver-white slender excalibur flashed in his hand. In the sword surface near the hilt, the word “light wind” was engraved.The light wind sword, the excalibur sword used in the previous generation of sword dust, and the personal sword of the generation of sword dust, also have a very big reputation on the rivers and lakes. All the people who practice martial arts are almost unknown, and nobody knows. And this life is reincarnated to come to this different world. The sword used by Jian Chen is still called the breeze, and the type of light wind sword is also the same as the light wind sword used in his previous life. Therefore, the sword dust is in the heart. How deep is the feeling about the sword.When the light breeze sword first appeared, it was turned into a silvery white lightning under the control of sword dust. It pierced the young people at a speed incredibly fast. At the end of the day, the sword was just half done in the hands of youth. As he journeyed, the light wind sword looked like a ghostly appearance, suddenly appeared in front of his throat, and stayed there steadily. The tip of the sword pierced the thin layer of skin on the outermost periphery of the young man's throat. Little red appeared in the show, washing appeared in everyone's sight.Feeling a slight pain from the throat, the young man's face changed suddenly and suddenly became pale like a piece of paper with no trace of blood. A cold sweat rushed out from his forehead and he was covered with an eye. The entire forehead, and the giant sword that he had thrown away in his hands, was also stuck in midair under his strong control, and his body maintained a sword-sweeping posture, and he dared not move at all. It seems to be like being banned by a mysterious force.Looking at the silver-white long sword that did not know when it appeared in front of the young people's throat, the original restaurant was very strange and silent. Everyone was staring at the hands of the sword dust with their eyes wide open. The silver-white breeze sword, but in the eyes, can not believe and incredible look.Regarding how this sword reached the throat of the young people, only a few of the two or three people in the restaurant vaguely caught a shadow. Most people did not even see the silver passing through the sword. They found only one. Flashing, the speed of the extreme white light.Time seems to have come to a stop at this moment. After a moment, the sound of cold air slammed in a quiet restaurant. At this moment, all the people in the restaurant looked into Jian Chen's eyes with deep shock.The young man who was held back against the throat by the sword dust and sword was not moving at the moment, as if he were afraid that if he had an action, the sword would pierce his throat."This younger brother, please also beg your mercy. We are people from the desert mercenary regiment. This is our fault. We also hope that you will let our companions pass by." At this time, a middle-aged man spoke and said in great tone. The ease of his face, even his face, is a sincere look.Hearing that the sword dust drew his eyes slightly, he looked at the middle-aged man and hesitated for a moment. Then he gently laid down his light wind sword, and Leng Ran said, “Get it!”Hearing this, an angry look flashed through the eyes of the young man who had his sword pointed at his throat. However, he had just escaped and he did not dare to say anything at the moment.When the light wind sword disappeared in the hands, the sword dust looked cold and glanced at a few people, then immediately took out a gold coin from the space to take the band still on the table, the tone of plain words: "second, checkout!" Immediately afterwards, Jian Chen went directly outside the restaurant.After this kind of thing happened, the sword dust did not mind to stay here again, and after that it would eat and drink, and his stomach had been filled.Then, just a few steps away from sword dust, the middle-aged man who spoke to Jian Chen’s mouth flashed a fierce murderous act. Then the eyes and the other three looked at each other, and several people nodded slightly at the same time. The four were as if they had already begun to negotiate, and each had a weapon in their hands, and in different positions, they attacked the body of sword dust at the same time.Feel the movement behind the scenes, swords and dust eyes cold, strong killing intentions flickered from the eyes, then body slightly shaking, just a few weapons hit from the back will hit him, sword dust The body has crossed the distance of two meters at an extremely fast pace, just beyond the range of attacks of several weapons behind it. At the same time, the silver light breeze suddenly appeared on the right hand, and the sword dust suddenly turned around. Facing the four people, they stepped out and pulled closer to the distance between themselves and the four. The right arm stunned and led the light-wind sword to spurt toward the middle-aged man nearest him. .With a fleeting flash of white light, the Breeze Sword has already approached the body of a middle-aged man in an instant and quickly punctured toward his throat.The strength of this middle-aged man is obviously not weak. At least he is stronger than the previous youth. Seeing the direction of the sword breeze, the middle-aged man's face suddenly becomes dignified, and he immediately takes his place. The fastest he can reach is to take back the cut-out Greatsword, which is in front of his throat.    "Ding!"When the middle-aged man just finished this action, the tip of the breeze sword had already been stabbed on the slap-heavy sword face of the Greatsword, with a steel-like whisper, the sword of the great sword, A shallow trace has appeared.The sword potential was obstructed, and a ridiculous look appeared on the face of the sword dust. Then the eyes flashed in the eyes. The next moment, the sword of the breeze sword suddenly burst into a sturdy jianmang. Although not powerful, it was hidden. The fierceness among them caused many people in the restaurant to feel it. Then, the sword dust dipped in the ground, and at the same time, the body twisted and the whole body splayed up, forming a straight line that hung in the air and quickly rotated. That breeze sword, also driven by the rapid rotation of the sword dust, is like an electric turnaround and it seems like it has to start turning quickly. At the tip of the sword, the fierce sword air is even more powerful."Oh!"With an unusually nasty sound that rang in the entire restaurant, under the rapid rotation of the light wind sword, which was like an electric transmission, the strong piercing force directly drilled a two-finger width on the middle-aged giant sword. The hole, and then the breeze sword is in full swing, continue to penetrate the hole, and finally penetrated his throat deeply under the middle-aged man's horror and incredible eyes.The tip of the tiptoe landed lightly, and the action of the sword dust seemed to be calm and casual. Immediately after pulling out the breeze sword that pierced the throat of the middle-aged man, the action did not stop for a moment. When the other three did not respond, the breeze sword was Once again a silvery lightning flashed toward the young man who had previously used him."Oh!"In the face of sword dust, this sword is approaching the extreme. This young man, who is weaker than the previous middle-aged man, has no resistance at all. When he does not respond at all, the light wind sword has already been stabbed. Into his throat, suddenly, the bright red blood rushed out.Just one breath of time, the sword dust has successfully killed the other two with lightning speed, so that the speed of the entire restaurant can not believe it.After killing the two, Jian Chen’s expression on his face didn’t change at all. Then he turned his eyes to the two remaining people. The light wind sword jerked in his hands, but when he just wanted to attack the remaining two people, he did not want to have two people. The sacred soldier was actually taken back. At the same time, he squatted and kept yelling. He shouted, "As the heroes spare their lives, the heroes spare their lives. I beg you not to kill us. We will never dare to deal with heroes in the future."