Chapter 84 Wacker CityThe action of these two people made the people in the restaurant look guilty, but arbitrariness is a natural attitude. What kind of people are on the Tianyuan continent? Some ironic characters would rather lose themselves. Life is not willing to bow down to admit mistakes, but some people who are greedy for fear of death, when their lives are threatened, what kind of things can be done, and even betrayed brothers and friends.Jian Chen slowly put a light breeze sword, the tip of the sword leaned to the ground, looked cold and watched the two kneeling beggars kneeling on the ground begging for mercy, the brow slightly wrinkled, and look to the eyes of the two, more Is a little more contemptuous look, for those who are afraid of death in the greedy life, Jian Chen's heart is the most resentful.Seeing that Jian Chen dangled his sword in his hands, the members of the desert mercenary group who had bowed their heads to ask for mercy thought that the sword dust had really passed them. His face could not help but reveal a happy look. Then, how long did they wait for them to be happy? A word of indifference gave them a happy expression in their face.“Before I gave you my chance, it's a pity that you don't cherish yourself. Now you have to play for mercy.” The low, cold voice came out of the mouth of Jian Chen, and the voice just fell. The right hand of Jian Chen suddenly burst into a burst. The arm became a afterimage, sweeping out at an extremely fast pace, and under the arm's lead, the breeze held in his right hand would be turned into a silvery lightning, piercing toward them.When the two mercenaries have not yet responded, the sharp blade of the breeze sword has been gently carried over from their neck, leaving a trace of blood as tiny as the line. The next moment, a lot of blood will come from this. The turbulent flow of blood in the tiny traces of the blood flowed out and instantly dyed their necks.If the two mercenaries struggled to fight against it, Jian Chen would try to kill them. It wouldn't work without some effort. Perhaps he could escape from Jian Chen with good luck. Unfortunately, they have been killed by lightning flashes. The strength of the companions was frightened. The fear in the hearts made them no longer have the idea of ​​resistance. This led to being killed by the sword dust so easily.After an effortless killing of the two, Jian Chen's body shook slightly, appeared again in front of the last mercenary who had completely scared silly, the light wind sword turned into a silvery light, lightning from the He wiped his neck lightly.The five members of the desert mercenary regiment, but only a few breathing time before and after, all died in the hands of sword dust.After killing five people, Jian Chen’s face did not change in the slightest. Then he took out several gold coins from the space belt and was still on the table. The tone was indifferent: “These several gold coins are regarded as a clean-up fee for you.” The next sentence, Jian Chen calmly out of the restaurant.The Tianyuan Continent is a very cruel world where disputes are struck and smashed everywhere. For such things, people living on the Tianyuan continent have long been accustomed to it. Although a bloody case has occurred in the restaurant at the moment, it is for the restaurant. For diners, as long as things do not involve themselves, they can be treated as a good show. The bloody scene will not affect their appetite for dinner.Watching the sword dust leave, the entire restaurant was caught in a strange silence. At this moment, everyone forgot to eat, eyes staring at the direction of the sword dust away and the five deserted mercenary mercenary groups. The members, from their eyes, can still see the shock and disbelief.For a long time, in a quiet restaurant, there was finally an air-breathing sound, and then a sound of mingled with surprise was heard in the quiet restaurant:“The quick sword is not only quick to make people unresponsive, but the precise control is also the first time I have seen the Tianyuan continent for so many years since I walked.” It was a middle-aged man wearing a blue gown who spoke. The man, at the same time, is one of the few people in the restaurant who can vaguely capture the shadow of the sword.“This man does not seem to be young, but his strength is not weak, and the shot is also very hot, direct and fatal, it seems that he is not a big family was born, or is behind a very master.”"I just don't know what his name is. With his strength, if we can join our mercenary group, we will have more strength in our mercenary group." A young man whispered in a low voice. .The voice of the youth just fell, and a man who looked like him, who was sitting next to him, began to say, “Well, you don’t want to be whimsical here. His age looks a lot smaller than you, but With such strength, such a person’s identity is not so simple. A small mercenary group can not attract such a master to join. Moreover, he has killed five members of the desert mercenary group here. The Corps will not be able to give up. If he really joins us, it may even cause great trouble for our mercenary regiment. After all, with our small mercenary regiment, it is not the size of thousands of people. The opponents of the desert mercenary regiment."After leaving the restaurant, the sword dust came directly to the mercenary union and found a task to escort the caravan. However, fortunately, the mission escorted by Jian Chen was not far off, so with his mercenary level, Can still receive this task.Wak City is a three-tier city. Although it is only a three-tier city, the tall and thick city wall is enough to compare with some first-tier cities because there is a large amount of Warcraft in a mountain range not far from Wak City. These World of Warcraft are also often some large-scale attacks on the city's operations, so the size of Wacker City, although not large, can only be ranked third-tier cities, but the walls are built very strong, which is to prevent the World of Warcraft attacks.At noon, the fiery red sun in the sky exudes light. The intense light makes it impossible for people to look up and look at the sky. Many mercenaries on the road are half-emptying their eyes to reduce the sunlight to the eyes. stimulate.Outside WACKER, a team of only two or three hundred people on the official route slowly moved forward on the official road, slowly advancing toward the gates of Wak City where it was not so high."This damn weather, how it's so hot, it doesn't make people live."In the caravan, a curse of the upper body could not resist, saying that he took out the kettle and poured a few mouthfuls into his throat.Not far from Dahan, a young man wearing a plain old coat is sitting on a white horse with his eyes closed and seeing that kind of serenity and serene state of demeanor as if he was asleep.Young people look very ordinary and belong to a large group of people. From the appearance, they are about twenty years old.Although the sky was burning in the sky at the moment, the young man still kept his entire body tightly covered. Although the clothes were not too thick, it was not something the average person could afford, and what was most surprising was that in this name. On the forehead of the youth, there is actually no drop of sweat.This contrasts with the mercenaries and merchants in the entire caravan who are not naked or sweaty. The appearance of this youth seems to be quite different, although there are many mercenaries and businessmen who continue to name this. The youth cast a strange look, but he did not go up to talk with this young man.This young man is the sword dust.Slowly opened his eyes, Jian Chen eyes plainly large amount of the front of the city wall, after two days of hurry, he followed the caravan finally arrived in Wacker City, WACKER City, but the sword dust specially selected for their own A good place, for a period of time later, he plans to stay in WACKER for a long time. With the aid of Warcraft in the Warcraft Mountains not far from WACKER City, he will try to increase his strength.