Chapter 85 The Solitary World of WarcraftAfter successfully escorting the caravan to the city of WACKER, the sword dust was removed from the caravan, and then came directly to the mercenary union to hand over the task of escorting the caravan, obtaining a certain honor value and a small amount of money.Wak City because it is near the World of Warcraft, so the mercenary to stay here is much more than other cities, most mercenaries are valued here for a good geographical environment, long stay here, easy to enter the World of Warcraft to go hunting Kill Warcraft for money.Although the danger of hunting Warcraft is much more dangerous than escorting some caravans, but it is a way to earn high profits. Although there are deaths every day in the mouth of Warcraft, the high value and huge demand for magic cores. The quantity still leaves a lot of mercenaries out of their lives, risking their lives to kill World of Warcraft.After all, the magic nucleus is too precious on the Tianyuan continent. Almost everyone needs and the demand is still very large. Once the magic nucleus is obtained, it can directly absorb the energy in the magic nucleus to accelerate the speed of cultivation. And even if you don't use it yourself, you can simply take the magic nucleus and exchange it for a considerable amount of money.The mercenary trade unions were very embarrassing, and the mercenaries there were also very numerous. A large trade union was very full of hundreds of people. Most of them were Chinese characters in the upper body, and they were strong and well-organized. The muscles are exposed under the eyes of everyone, as if they are showing their strength.In this hot air, ventilation does not seem to be advanced. In the mercenary trade unions, there is a mixture of sour smelly sweat, unusually pungent, and sword dust that rarely smells like this. Eyebrows, gently covering his nose with one hand.After leaving the mercenary union, the sword dust was arbitrarily replenished in the city, bought a map of the Warcraft Mountains, and left Wak City directly, marching alone against the Mount of Warcraft.The Wattle Mountain Range is only about 30 kilometers away from the city of WACKER. The sword dust rides the white horse and runs all the way to an hour and finally arrives at the edge of the Mountain of Warcraft.The edge of the Mountain of Warcraft is a forest, and in the depths of the forest, there is a vast range of mountains. The mountains not only have a lot of World of Warcraft, but also the environment is very bad, according to the description of the Warcraft Mountains on the map. The forest is full of poisonous snakes and poisonous insects, and swamps are everywhere. If you don’t pay attention, you will fall into it. If you don’t have teammates to save, it’s hard to escape from the swamp.As the saying goes, danger and opportunity coexist. Although the Warcraft Mountains are very dangerous, but the same, in the inside there are certain opportunities, Warcraft World of Warcraft are often killed for various reasons, and these are killed by similar World of Warcraft, the body's magic nucleus is preserved intact, if lucky enough, even to meet one or two still retains the magic nucleus of the World of Warcraft corpse, however, this chance is very small.The magic nucleus does not have no effect on World of Warcraft, only those low-level World of Warcraft have no wisdom, all actions rely on the instinct of animal nature, so they will not use the magic nucleus at all.The sword dust sits on the back of the horse and looks up at the lush forest in front of him. He murmurs: "In the period to come, this forest will become a place for experience." Then, the sword dust is direct. Under the back of the horse, he reached out and gently stroked the dismounting head. Whether or not the white horse who followed him for a few days could understand what he was saying, he whispered: “Go, after that, you are free and want to go. Where to go wherever he goes.” Once the words were finished, the sword dust turned and strode toward the forest."Oh!"Behind the white horse, a forefoot troweled the robe ground, staring at the back of the sword dust issued a long buzzing sound of horses, as if to say goodbye to the sword dust.After a long walk, Jian Chen finally stepped into the forest and then kept on stepping toward the mountains of the forest in the depths of the forest.Weeds all over the forest are full of half-human heights and even one-to-many weeds, completely obscuring the line of sight. In such an environment, a little carelessness can cause disorientation.Every time the sword dust walks, it will leap onto a big tree to watch the surrounding route, guaranteeing that it will not embark on thinking or getting lost. In the weeds, there will be some poisonous snakes from time to time, but they are all extremely powerful swords. Dust first finds it and then solves it easily.After walking through two hours all the way, the sword dust finally came to the depths of the forest, and here there are gradually some fierce beasts.At this moment, a dark green figure jumped out of the weeds and rushed toward the back of the sword dust with great speed.Then, just as this dark-green silver was close to the body of the sword dust, only silver-white light flashed away. A silver-colored sword suddenly appeared, and it was accurately stabbed at a faster speed. This dark green body.The Long Sword received both touches. Afterwards, Jian Chen swayed slightly and the body moved half a meter to the side. Just after he had just moved away, this dark green figure came along with a bang sound of “Hey!” Already fell to where the sword dust just stood.Until this time, it was clear that the dark green figure was actually a beast that looks like a leopard. At its neck, it had become bloody, a deep blood hole, and blood was flowing.Jian Chen eyes slightly glanced at the ground like a leopard-like beast, and then continue to hurry to the depths of the forest, he saw at a glance, this is just a wild animal, not even the first-order World of Warcraft, the body There is no magic nuke at all. Otherwise, it will be so easy to kill him.    "Roar!""Oh!"As the sword dust continues to deepen, the sound of World of Warcraft buzzing sounds gradually sounded around the forest, the sound is strange, some ugly, and even feel like a devil yelling, sounding horrified.At this moment, the pace of the sword dust progressed slightly, turned slightly, his eyes flashing with fierce light staring at his side, silver breeze sword emerged from the hands out.This is the first time such a serious expression has appeared since the sword dust entered the forest.In the place where the sword dust looked, a faint voice of “shasha” was heard. Then, only a khaki-colored curtain appeared gradually in the sight of Jian Chen.The cricket was very large. It was just one meter wide and more than two meters long. The hook on the tail that hung upside down was fifty-six meters in length. It was a pair of tiny green eyes on its head. Flashing monster light.The blind man came straight to Jian Chen, and eventually stopped at a distance of five meters from Jian Chen. A pair of twinkling eyes blinked and stared at the sword dust, waving a pair of pliers and issuing a mouthful. The cryThe silver-white breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust covered with a layer of sturdy sword-mang, then first shot, the body turned into a residual image shot toward the scorpion, the light wind sword pointed straight out.He was meant to hunt down Warcraft, and at the moment he sees Warcraft, naturally he will not stay.The cricket's reaction was not slow. Just when the sword dust had just moved, the poisonous hook on the tail of the raccoon was turned into a residual image and pierced at an extremely fast speed toward the sword dust.    "Ding!"The dust from the sword and the scorpion shot from the sword dust collided halfway. With the sound of steel-like symphony, the strong anti-seismic power generated by the collision between the two caused Jianfeng's light wind sword and sword. The scorpion's poison hook was withdrawn at the same time.The dust of the sword dangled slightly and it had already receded a few meters away. It looked a little surprised that the poisonous hooks of the eye giants, the poisonousness of the poisonous hook was beyond his expectation. According to his estimation, even some ordinary ones Refined iron, its degree of firmness can not be compared with the poisonous hook of this raccoon, and the power of the poison hook is also very large. After a hard touch with the poison hook, Jian Chen also feels his arm numb."The only blind man in front of him should be a second-order World of Warcraft." His eyes stared at the blind man, sinking in his heart.