Chapter 86 HuntersAlthough Jian Chen had once killed many second-order World of Warcraft in the College of Kargas, but the second-order World of Warcraft could not be compared with the World of Warcraft Mountains in World of Warcraft, and those in Second-Order Warcraft in the College of Kargas , I am afraid that even the World of Warcraft in some first-order World of Warcraft are not as good, not to mention encountered at the moment, or a second-order World of Warcraft in the Warcraft Mountains.In the dust of the sword dust, the poisonous scorpion did not give him extra time. The six thick and powerful retreating bodies on both sides of the body planed on the ground. In a blink of an eye, they crossed the distance several meters to the sword. Before the dust, the pair of giant pliers that glowed with pale green and poisonous light flared in front of him, and they were clamped toward the head of Jian Chen.For the first time in the World of Warcraft mountain range of Warcraft, sword dust did not dare to have the slightest effect, although he did not happen in the gutter shipwreck, but he deeply understand this truth, the memory of past lives brought him too More experience.Jian Chen’s face became a little serious, and then his head was slightly biased. He escaped the giant pliers with a difference of a few centimeters, and then his foot forced hard on the ground, leaving a deep footprint on the ground. The body has been shot toward the poisonous scorpion that is much smaller than the body's head, and the light wind sword in the hand is enveloped by a layer of white swordsmanship. The tip of the sword is up to the poisonous scorpion. eye.Eyes, throat, and heart are the fatal weaknesses of any living creature. This is very clear in the mind of the sword. At the moment, because of the angle of the poisonous neck, it is very difficult to stab it. Not long neck, there are some fine scales to protect, in the case of uncertainty of these scales in the end of the case of the defense, the only choice of drug dust sword dust to attack.Although Jian Chen has a very strong confidence in the sharpness of his attacks, some of Warcraft's defenses are also very powerful. The sword dust can not be 100% sure to pierce the scales at the neck of the Venom, hurting it. fundamental.The speed of this piece of sword dust is very fast. I saw a silvery lightning flash away and the tip of the sword has completely arrived in the eyes of the drug lord.In the hands of the Jian Chen, the light wind sword that enveloped the Mongolian Jianmang was about to pierce the eyes of the venomous maggots. The venomous scorpion suddenly opened his mouth and a group of green poison mixed with strong stench blew out from its mouth, as if by The mystical power was controlled, and it quickly went toward the sword dust. At the same time, the eyes of the poisonous scorpion also suddenly closed, his head shaking violently, avoiding the breeze sword coming from sword dust.The Jian Bing's breeze sword is extremely fast, and at this critical moment, although the poisonous plague has done its best to avoid it, it is still unable to escape completely, and is finally stabbed in the corner of the eye by the breeze sword.When the breeze sword touched the closed corner of the poisonous scorpion, the sword potential was blocked and it paused slightly. However, the next moment, the swift and sharp sword of the breeze sword broke through the defense force. The weak defense of the corner of the skin, successfully penetrated his eyes along the corner of the eye.At the same time, the entire body of Jian Chen was also buried with a strong green poisonous fog."Oh!"The corners of the eye were damaged. The intense pain caused the venomous lice to make a terribly harsh whisper. The dark green liquid slowly ran out of the wound in the eyes. The sharply opened mouth was exposed and the needles were small and small. The teeth look so scary.The poisonous fog swayed slightly, and the image of the sword dust enveloped in it shivered out of the poisonous fog. Now the image of the sword dust is simply a world away from the past, and he only sees his body stained. A layer of dark green toxins shrouded in the shade, and the coarse clothed dress on the body was rapidly melting at a speed that was visible to the naked eye. Even the hair that was not long on the head was turned into green silk roots. Break off.Feeling the burning pain that the body uploaded was burning like a cricket, the dust of the sword became very dignified, and Chen Sheng said: "Good violent poison!" Said, the sword dust reached out quickly to the body because of the corrosion of toxins already The rags of coarse clothing that have become tattered are shredded, and then the power of the Holy Spirit is broken out to resist the toxins harm to the body.Jian Chen looked at his eyes and he was constantly issuing poisonous screaming scorpions, and he knew that this was a good time to kill the scorpion. Immediately, his eyes flashed with a strong murderous stance, and he refused to take another action. Take out the clothes from the space ring and put on the naked sword, and continue to attack the drug lords.The sword dust paced lightly and came to the side of the poisonous body at an extremely rapid rate. The arm was shaken and extended forward at a lightning speed, while the light wind sword in the hand was turned into silver by the arms. The white light spurted toward the throat of the poisonous scorpion, and in the moment that the breeze sword stabbed, a fierce sturdiness burst out from the sword. Although it didn't seem to be powerful, it was swift and valiant. As sharp as a razor blade.As if a flash of lightning flashed out of thin air, leaving a bright, brilliant color in the world, it instantly disappeared and disappeared.    "Ding!"The sword's breeze sword accurately hit the throat of the drug lord. When the tip of the light wind sword touched the fine scales on the neck of the poisonous scorpion, it made a sound as if it were the crisp sound of iron and steel colliding. However, this scale of defensive strength is not weak, only to block the time of light wind sword blink, the next moment, the sword on the breeze full of sharp sword gas has broken through the scales of defense, deeply pierced the throat of the throat ."Oh!"The poisonous scorpion issued a hoarse scream once more. In the remaining intact eye, the dark green light of the monster was constantly beating, and a pair of thick and powerful double pliers quickly clipped to the sword dust. The poisonous hook, which was about five or six meters long, was turned into a phantom around the head of the sword dust, and it was thrust from the back toward the back of the sword dust.Jian Chen pulled out a light wind sword that pierced the throat of the poisonous toad. His feet fell on the ground and his body jumped up and jumped onto the wide back of his throat."Oh!" "Oh!"For the sword dust that jumps on his back, the drug addicts are obviously not angry. The body begins to shake violently and shakes. The squeaky squealing sounds in the mouth continuously and a pair of pliers are waving wildly in front of him.Judging from the state of the poisonous plague at this time, the sword that had just penetrated into his throat was as if it did not bring him much harm.Looking at the dragon's fierce dragonskins, Jian Chen's brows wrinkled slightly and couldn't help but sink in: "Life can be really big, and I still don't die." Because the size of the dumplings is too large, and the sword dust is now again Being limited by his own strength, he could not find any other method than attacking the eyes and throat.At this time, a subtle sound of breaking into the ears of the sword dust, heard the sound, Jian Chen did not hesitate at all, body flashed toward the side of the past.Just when the sword dust had just started to open, a poisonous hook flashing with aquamarine light had inserted his scalp through it, and finally he was stung swiftly on his own back.A whisper sound, a layer of armor on the back of the poisonous armor, which is not weak on the back of the poisonous cricket, was unstoppable in front of his sharp poisonous hook, easily pierced, and the sharp poisonous hook fell deep into itself. In the body, dark green blood rushes out of the body.Seeing this scene, the face of Jian Chen’s face was apparently sluggish. However, his face could not help showing a trace of crying and laughing. He really did not expect that the poisonous scorpion was actually so stupid that he actually injured himself.The venomous plucked poisonous hook, but because the barb on the venomous hook had been deeply plunged into its flesh, it pulled up and pulled up some of the flesh, and it pained it constantly. The buzzing of the whole body trembled, and the severe pain made it give up the idea of ​​pulling poison hooks out of the body.Whenever a person or a creature's body is hit hard, there will be a buffer time, and this time, it is the time when they have the strength to play and the reaction speed is the most clumsy.Jian Chen spotted this and seized the opportunity. Volley turned up and jumped down from the back of the scorpion. The light wind sword turned into a silvery light and pierced toward the other eye of the scorpion.At this time, because of the severe pain from the back, the drug addict made his nervous reaction much more dull than usual. Moreover, the speed of the sword dust out of the sword was extremely fast and every move was very quick. In this state of drug addiction, he wanted to avoid and resist again. The sword dust like a lightning-like sword has been very difficult.The Breeze Sword has an unimpeded, accurate stab of the poisonous eye of the other eye.A happy face on the sword dust, then the force in his hand, control the light wind sword that has penetrated into the poisonous eyes and continue to deepen, and finally the light wind sword has four feet long sword body, full half length is not included. In the poisonous eyes, it hurt its brain.This time, the drug addict no longer made any struggling and rebellious actions. The whole body shook violently a few times, then his feet were soft, and the huge body with a foot height of more than one meter crashed down.The sword dust gradually pulled out the light wind sword and watched the poisonous green blood and the white brain pulp dyed with colorful love swords. The brow could not help but slightly wrinkle, then the idea moved and I saw the contaminated sword on the light wind. Dark green blood and white brains all slipped from the breeze sword. In the blink of an eye, the breeze sword restored its original appearance.Jian Chen’s eyes patrolled the corpse of the poisonous scorpion, and then he waved a light wind sword and punctured toward the head of the scorpion, but only when the light wind sword had just stabbed on the shell outside the poisonous scorpion's head. When he was detained, although this poisonous cricket had already died, the body's shell defense was still so strong that sword dust couldn't break through its defense."This skin can be really thick!" Jian Chen frowned, sighed and said: "Forget it, or the provincial effort, here's World of Warcraft, but will be haunted at any time, can save a more strength, life is more than a guarantee This magic nucleus is still taken from its eyes." Then, Jian Chen once again raised his hand, and after some hard work he finally got the magic nucleus hidden in his head.