Chapter 87 Magical EnergyLooking at the hand, the magic nucleus, which is bigger than the thumb's head, couldn't help but trace a smile and whispered: "Sure enough, it's a second-order magic nucleus. Look at the purity of this energy. In the Academy, those World of Warcraft's magic nucleus are much stronger. It seems that this Warcraft in the Warcraft Mountains is much stronger than the World of Warcraft released in the Carcass College. It is not unreasonable.”Gathered the magic nucleus, Jian Chen looked down at his own body, and now his body has become completely dark green, though, but the sword dust itself has not been the slightest damage, he used to be purple purple Jiandian since childhood The special exercise method described in the book is a very good physical condition. Therefore, although the toxins emitted by the poisonous crickets can make the sword dust feel pain in the body, these toxins cannot penetrate into the body of sword dust. , And in addition to the sword dust also deliberately use the power of Holy to offset the damage caused by the toxin on the body, so even though the whole body of the sword dust is covered with a layer of dark green toxins, but he himself, except in one At the beginning, I felt a burning pain, but there was nothing at all.Jian Chen looked around and immediately listened attentively and murmured: "There should be no water near here, and it will be impossible to clean anything from the body. It seems that only the carelessness has been dealt with." Next, Jian Chen from Picking up some leaves from the tree, using the leaves to wipe off a thin layer of venom on the surface of the body, and then taking out a new set of clothes from the space belt to replace it, even though the terrain is very broad. Few people can meet the shadows in the mountains, but sword dust still has no nude habits.After the clothes were changed, the sword dust left and the carcass lying on the ground was not taken care of. Although the body of Warcraft and some important parts of the body can be used to sell a lot of money However, this poisonous cricket is at best only a second-order World of Warcraft. It is not very precious. Even if it is sold, it cannot be sold for a few bucks. Moreover, the number of purple gold coins in the sword dust is a lot, He doesn't care about that money at all.Although the World of Warcraft in the growth of Warcraft than the Kargath Institute of stocking is much better, but here's the infested World of Warcraft and Kargath, but it is to be a lot less, after all, although this is not a domain of Warcraft on Tianyuan The largest, but the area is also very broad, and those of Warcraft, are distributed throughout the entire mountain range, in order to meet multiple World of Warcraft at the same place, not impossible, but very rare.A whole afternoon, the sword dust slowly slowed down, and carefully continued to deepen in the mountains of Warcraft. Until the evening, the sword dust only discovered two World of Warcraft only, except for the first time the scorpion met was a second-order. World of Warcraft, the two behind met, are first-order World of Warcraft.At night, a bright moon hangs high in the sky and shines in the bright moonlight. However, in the Warcraft forest, it is still dark. The darkness is unable to reach out and the dark leaves cover the sky, making the faint moonlight in the sky. Irradiation does not come in at all.In a relatively flat place, a fire burns a blazing flame and flickers in the dark night.The sword dust sits cross-kneeed and sits in front of the fire. A branch is held in the hand. A large piece of meat is placed on the branch. Under the constant flame of the flame, the color of the piece of meat is constantly changing towards gold and yellow. The meat squeezed out and dribbled in the burning fire below, giving off a bang.After filling his belly, Jian Chen took out some powder with a special taste from the space ring and sprinkled it around. These powders were prepared for every mercenary who entered the forest of Warcraft, and took a rest at night. Sprinkling some time around can effectively prevent the harassment of the vast majority of poisonous insects and venomous snakes. Of course, the effect of this powdered powder is only effective for common wild beasts, and it has no effect on World of Warcraft.After the powder had been sprayed, the sword dust jumped directly onto a large tree. On a big tree, he sat down on a cross-knee with respect to a relatively flat branch. Then he took another light fragrance from the space belt. The white powder came out, playing a little on his own body. This white powder could effectively insulate the body from his breath and avoid attracting some of the beasts passing through here because of his breath. In the mountains, beasts or Warcraft, the sense of smell is particularly sensitive. Although these powders can not completely completely obstruct the smell emitted by the sword dust body, but at least can pass the smell of ordinary beasts.In addition to World of Warcraft in addition to World of Warcraft, there are many beasts, the reason why they are called beasts, because they have no magic nuclei in the body, the strength is less than the first-order World of Warcraft, and those who are not in the human body It is the same reason to condense a sacred soldier into a saint.Although the beast's strength is not strong, people who have the courage to enter the mountains of Warcraft can easily hunt, but when you practice or sleep at night, who do not want to be bothered by the beast, so almost every one into the World of Warcraft The mountains or the mercenaries who will spend the night in the wild will have prepared some of these medicines.After the safety preparations were completed, the sword dust took out a large number of magic nuclei directly from the space belt, pinched the pieces in both hands, and then slowly closed his eyes and began to absorb the energy in the magic nucleus. stand up.The energy in the magic nucleus is leaked out of the magic nucleus at a very terrible speed. Finally, the madness from the dust and the nostrils of the sword dust rushes into his body, and so quickly absorbs the energy inside the magic nucleus. Naturally, it will It brought some burden to the body of the sword dust, which made his whole body's pores have a feeling of pain and pain. He felt that his body was going down and there was no pain in one place.However, this kind of pain is not enough for the sword dust that has very strong perseverance.The energy in the magic nucleus is accompanied by a violent factor. In the case where the sword dust absorbs the magical nuclear energy so madly, the violent elements in that energy are also rapidly lumping together in his body. If the sword dust is used from childhood, The strength of heaven and earth transforms his bodily functions, so that whether he is a viscera or a full body meridian, he must be stronger than others on the basis. Otherwise, I am afraid that just the violent element in the magical nuclear energy will affect his body. Causes serious injury.As the enormous energy in the magic nucleus is constantly being absorbed by the sword dust, the violent factors that are contained in the energy are also gathered in the body of the sword dust. However, when this frenzy factor reaches a certain degree, Suddenly, a suction came from Dantian of Jianchen, pulling these violent elements into the line of Dantian, and was finally absorbed by the red and green spots of Dantianzhong.On the Tianyuan continent, if the military began to cultivate by absorbing the energy in the magic nucleus, first the violent elements hidden in the magic nucleus were cleared, leaving only pure energy for their own absorption. The violent factor will take a lot of time, and the violent factors in the energy cannot be completely removed, leaving some hidden dangers in the body. Therefore, although there are many warriors on the Tianyuan mainland, they are absorbed by the magic nucleus. The energy began to cultivate, but no one can keep on sticking, and it is necessary to stop and rest every few days or more than ten days to completely refine the energy in one's own body in order to achieve the effect of never ending another trouble.The sword dust now absorbs the energy inside the magic nucleus. It can be said that there is absolutely no taboo in this respect. Perhaps it is because of the purple and green light spots in Dantian that the energy inside the magic nucleus has just entered his body. The violent elements that are closely linked to energy in energy are automatically separated, allowing sword dust to absorb these energy without fear. This makes the sword dust in comparison with other people. Very great advantage.As the energy in the magic nucleus is constantly being absorbed by the sword dust, the sword dust can obviously feel that the power of the sacred sage in the Dantian field is growing at a speed of a little bit at the naked eye, although it seems very slow. However, the sword dust is very clear, this speed is fast enough compared with others. According to this speed cultivation, I am afraid it will take a long time. His strength will break through the Holy One and reach the stage of the Holy One.The next day, as the sun's rays sunk through the cracks in the lush foliage, the sword dust that sat cross-legged on a large tree slowly opened its eyes, and then rolled over from the tree. Under the steady landing on the ground.The sword dust moved his body and his thoughts felt the power of Holy under his own body. Then his face could not help but smile with a satisfied smile. He could clearly feel that the power of the Holy Spirit in his own body was more than when he had just condensed his holiness. To be a lot stronger, according to his estimate, now that his strength may have reached the stage of the middle-level saints.Although it is only a mid-level saint, but sword dust has condensed from the sacred soldier to the Holy One to the present. This is less than a month's time. If you let others know that the sword dust has only been used for less than a month, It will be hard to believe that the advanced sacramental man's strength reaches the middle-level sages.Feel free to eat something to fill his stomach, sword dust once again embarked on a journey.Time passed in a hurry, and in the blink of an eye, over the past month, at the foot of the Mountain of Warcraft, a young man dressed in a rough cloth was standing in full darkness. He was one meter tall, three meters long, and long like a leopard. World of Warcraft holds.The youth holds a silver and white slender long sword, and the tall and erect body stands there, but gives people a kind of steadfastness. His face is stained with mud and some dust. Colorfully, it looks from the surface. Not his appearance.The opposite side and the young pair of long elephants, such as Leopard’s World of Warcraft eyes are full of fierce eyes staring at the young people, the mouth continued to send a low roar, its predecessor slightly crouched, hind legs tightly supported on the ground, has done Well ready to attack at any time.