The Eighty-eighth Chapter of the Holy One"Oh!" Suddenly, the World of Warcraft, which looks like a leopard, gave a deep roar and the hind limbs suddenly slammed hard. After leaving a trace of lightness on the ground, the entire body was turned into a dark shadow and it was less than ten meters away from the opposite side. Young people shot and went in mid-air, and the panthers opened a big mouth like a blood bowl and exposed sharp teeth. It flashed a cold heartbeat.In the eyes of the youth, a sneer gleams out, and the silver-white sword held in his hand emits a layer of white jianmang. Then, with a long wave of the sword, he sees a silver-white Jianmang detach from the point of the sword and moves toward it. The Panther's mouth shot wide.Jianmang's speed is very fast, like a flash of lightning, but the Panther's response is not slow, just in the silvery Jianmang is about to reach its mouth, the Panther's head slightly biased. Just past the Jianmang that came face to face, despite this, the Jianmeng still flitted across its head, leaving a clearly visible blood mark on the panther's furry head, and the black panther However, the speed has not been reduced. It still maintains the previous speed and shoots at the young people opposite.The corners of his youth's mouth were slightly upturned, as if he had a trace of ridicule. As the fierce murderous machine in his eyes flew away, the silver-white slender sword held in his hand had turned into a lightning bolt toward the panthers. Throat to go.The speed of this sword is very fast, incredibly fast, so that the Panther simply had no time to escape. Even when the Panthers have not responded, the silver-white sword has penetrated into its throat, and finally because of the Panthers' body. The inertia of the rush, driven by the body, continued to deepen the sword that pierced its throat, and finally stopped until the panther's throat reached the sword's hilt. This paused, and the sword's At the other end, it was already full of blood. It broke out from the back of the panther's neck and slid sideways. A drop of blood continued to fall on the back of the panther.The young man slowly pulled out the long sword that pierced the body of the panther, and then the blood that was contaminated by the silver-white long sword was actually strangely collected at the point of the sword, and finally fell down along the tip of the sword. In the soil on the ground, in the blink of an eye, the long sword that originally filled the blood has become silvery.At the hilt of the sword, there are two unusually clean words - light winds.This young man is alone in the dust of the Warcraft Mountains. Unconsciously, he has now entered the Warcraft Mountains for half a month. In the past two months, the sword dust has stayed in the outskirts of the Mountain of Warcraft. It has never entered the depths of the Mountain of Warcraft and has never been outside.In this two-month period, the sword dust continuously rushed around in the peripheral areas of the Mountain of Warcraft during the day and practiced at night. During this time, the sword dust was doing its best to improve its own strength, not like Changyang Fuchu has slowed down the pace of cultivation in order to make his performance less outstanding. Therefore, in the case of sword dust, which is fully improving its own strength, his own strength is also rising rapidly. After this half-month cultivation, he is now The strength has broken through the middle and high levels of the saints and reached the stage of the Holy One.In a short span of a month, the sword dust has risen from the strength of a first-time saint to the Holy One. If this speed is spread, it will definitely cause some shock, because ordinary people want to It is not possible to have two or three years in the stage of entering the holy state. It is impossible for a person who is no longer a talented person to upgrade from the beginning to the holy person. It takes about a year or so and the horrible practice of sword dust is unseen and unheard of in the Tianyuan Continent. He has already set a record when nobody knows it. However, this is bound to be buried and will not be known to outsiders.After the strength was raised to the Holy One, the fighting power of Jian Chen was also rapidly improved. At this time, he was very easy to kill second-order World of Warcraft. Now, he has set his target on the third-order World of Warcraft. .The light wind sword in his hand gently picked up the head of the black leopard, and suddenly, a beaded round ball stained with blood and white brains bounced up from the brains of the panthers and was caught by the sword dust.It did not care about the little blood and white brains on this round bead. The sword dust quickly pulled a large amount of grass from the ground and wiped the blood and brains of the beaded round beads to reveal a crystal clear circle. Beads.The eyes stayed on the ball and the sword dust showed a slight smile on his face. He muttered to himself: "Today's luck is really good. This is already the 12th second-order magic nucleus."Withdrawing the magic nucleus, Jian Chen did not pay attention to the body of the black leopard and left the place.Jian Chen is cautiously advancing in the Mountain of Warcraft. Even though he has reached the stage of the Holy One today, he can be said to be a lot stronger than before. However, in this World of Warcraft, he still dared not take the slightest care because he was in his heart. It is very clear that although his position is just the periphery of the Mountain of Warcraft, but here, you can still meet some of the powerful World of Warcraft from the depths of the mountains, it is not the sword dust today can deal with.Jian Chen in the Warcraft Mountains can be described as a very vigilant, always pay attention to the surrounding conditions, especially the swamp hidden in the ground, many of these swamps are hard to find with the naked eye, from a distance, nothing is peaceful Two, but when you walk past, you will be swamped by the swamps. Once you fall into the swamp, it will be difficult to escape if no one helps you.At this moment, Jiangu’s ear moved slightly, and his face suddenly showed a hint of joy. He couldn't help but exclaimed: “Water, the sound of water flowing, there is water near here.” Then, Jian Chen couldn’t wait to move forward. The ear rushed in the direction of motion.Did not go far, when the sword dust through a piece of weeds, finally met a flowing stream, this creek is about three meters wide, not deep, the stream is crystal clear, even the water to some of the flowers Green stones can be seen clearly.When you saw this stream, there was also a happy look on Jian Chen’s face. This was the first time he had seen the water source since he entered the World of Warcraft, and he spent such a long time in the WoW. The ready-made clean water is almost finished. If no water can be found again, Jian Chen is going to leave this piece of Warcraft Forest.Jian Chen patrolled his eyes. After determining the safety of the surroundings, he took out several kettles from the space belt and stood in front of the creek to dig and collect water.When several kettles were filled, the sword dust took off his clothes and jumped into the stream, washing the sweat accumulated on the body during these days.However, when the sword dust was half-washed, his face suddenly changed, and the originally relaxed body quickly re-tightened, and then the whole body jumped from the stream and was in mid-air, a silver-white one. The sword instantly appeared on the hand and then straightened toward the bottom.