Chapter 89 Silver Wire SnakeAs soon as the breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust had just stabbed half of the time, once it reached golden, something like a rattan was shot from the water quickly and attacked the sword dust in midair.When the sword's breeze sword collided with this golden, rattan-like thing, the falling posture of the sword dust ceased abruptly. The whole body maintained its sword-like posture and hung upside down in the air. The tip of the sword accurately reaches the golden cane's head.After this scene lasted for two breaths, suddenly, at the jungle next to the creek, a golden rattan broke through the hidden trail of weeds and burst out, and with great speed, he drew it toward the sword dust.Jian Chen’s face remained the same. The golden cane supported under the light wind sword was used as a point of force. The entire right arm suddenly exerted force, the body immediately leaped up, and the volley turned steady and fell on the edge of the creek and fell On the edge of the creek, the sword dust immediately put on the clothes on the edge of the creek.After the clothes were dressed, Jian Chen looked up and looked at the golden rattan that struck himself. I saw this golden rattan is actually a snake with only the thickness of the wrist. The whole body is golden, and there are several silver-white ones on the body. The line spread from the head to the tail in a straight line. The body of the golden snake was particularly long. The length of the exposed part was five or six meters long. However, when the sword dust noticed this golden body, When she looked at the silver-white lines, her face looked slightly, but then she seemed to think of something. The face suddenly changed dramatically and she couldn't help but exclaimed: "Silver Wire Snake!"The golden silver snake is seen in books in the reading college library. The gold silver snake is a very rare species in the snakes. It is known as the king of snakes and looks at the entire Tianyuan continent. Tens of thousands of World of Warcraft, the number of silver wire snakes, are difficult to reach three digits.The preciousness of the golden thread snake is not in a sparse quantity, but in itself, whether it is its flesh quality or blood, it has a high value of non-hiding, especially the high toxic value of the silver thread snake itself. The Tianyuan Continent is even more of a priceless market.Because if this highly toxic compound is specially refined, it can even poison the top masters of the sky's sage. In addition to removing the poison, there is no other way except for the blood and silver snake's blood. The virulent strains of silk and silver serpents, even the bright wizards, are helpless. Although the bright Holy Power has a miraculous effect in healing this area, even many other highly toxic ones can easily be lifted. Silk silver snakes and other more specific poisons can only be temporarily suppressed and cannot be completely eliminated.Moreover, the body of the golden silver serpent is very different from other snakes. The body of the golden serpent is very long, but it is very small. It is said that some gold silver snakes whose strength reaches the fifth-order World of Warcraft The body is 100 meters long and its length is less than a foot long.Sixth-order gold and silver thread snakes can control the size of their bodies and can reduce their body size to one or two meters at the minimum.The sixth-order gold and silver thread snake is also very powerful. It is rumored that it can fly into the sky, and it can enter the ground. The toxin is extremely overbearing and it is even extremely overbearing. Even the sky, the Holy Master is extremely taboo, not easily contaminated .According to books, one hundred years ago, in the Divine Empire, a gold-silvered silver serpent that had reached the sixth rank only used a time that was less than a stick of incense and slaughtered a king city with a population of tens of millions. The entire King City did not. One living person, all of them were poisoned and poisoned, and even the bodies were completely corrupted by the poisonous poisons. The only thing left was the exuding of the stench of blood and sprinkling the whole city.For this matter, the sacred empire mobilized more than a dozen members of the sky to kill the Silver Silk Snake, but the battle lasted only half a day, and then more than a dozen skies were lost. In the name, the remaining few were not seriously injured. They were highly toxic in their bodies. The sky-high Saints who were highly toxic in their bodies died shortly after they returned.This matter alerted the strong sage kings who guarded the Holy Empire. In the end, the Holy Kings personally took a giant earth-shattering battle with the Golden Silk Silver Snake. This defeated the Golden Silk Silver Snake, but only It is a repulse and it did not kill.From this we can see how strong the strength of the Silver Wire Snake is.The brain recalls the information about the gold silver thread snake that she had seen in the library of the Cadagas College. The sword dust looked a little dismayed and looked at the gold-colored tiny viper in front of him, and the heart, Uncontrollably, he jumped violently. He never thought that this gold silver thread snake, which is hard to see on the entire Tianyuan continent, was actually in such a remote area and was still in the mountains of Warcraft. Peripheral to meet.Eyes carefully looked at the front of the golden snake who has only the thickness of the wrist repeatedly scan, and finally the sword dust had to admit that what he is now encountering is indeed a gold and silver snake."Oops, how did you come across this thing." The sword dust quickly calmed down, but he could not resist the curse. For the gold name of the gold thread and silver thread, although he did not see it with his own eyes, but from the books The information he has seen is enough to make him aware of the information in this area. With the strength of his current status as a saint, it is undoubtedly a very distressing thing to meet the gold silver thread snake.The sword dust drowsingly gazes at the gold-silvered silver serpent that is more than ten meters away from him. His eyes are filled with vigilance. The right hand holding the light wind sword cannot help but tight. He knows that he is now facing gold. Silk Silver Snake is not an ordinary World of Warcraft, a bad one, maybe his life will have to explain here today.This time, he was definitely the most dangerous one since he entered the World of Warcraft. Dangerously, the sword dust did not grasp whether he could live out.If he meets other powerful World of Warcraft, Jian Chen can't beat but there is still a chance to escape, but since he recognized the gold silver snake as a moment, he has given up on his escape, although he is very fast and fast. Only by virtue of the strength of the Holy One, can be stronger than the strength of the sages and the person with the wind attribute, but in the face of gold and silver snakes, the sword dust is clear, this speed of their own, I am afraid even to others Shoes are not enough.Because the Silver Wire Snake's straight running speed is very fast, although not all of Warcraft's fastest, but in the land of all types of Warcraft crawling, the Silver Wire Snake's straight running speed can definitely be ranked The first three, among humans, unless it is the power of the Holy Spirit, and the strength is even stronger than the gold and silver thread serpent on several stages, it is possible to catch up with the straight running gold wire silver snake."Meeting Silver Wire Snake is absolutely impossible to run in a straight line. Otherwise, it is only a dead end. I do not know what this gold silver wire snake is. If it is a first-order World of Warcraft, then the threat to me will be small. A lot, maybe you can kill it. If it is a second-order World of Warcraft, although I have a certain threat, but I want to escape from it, perhaps it should be no problem.” Jian Chen’s heart secretly pondered Now, he only hopes that the gold-silver thread snake is not too strong in front of him, otherwise, he may be very difficult to leave here alive.When it comes to a long story, Jian Chen thought that he only used a time that he couldn't breathe. At this moment, the golden silver thread snake suddenly opened his mouth and a gray poisonous fog sprayed from its mouth and quickly drifted towards the sword dust. When the poisonous fog first appeared, the plants within ten meters of it immediately withered. Even the thick branches were changing at a speed that was visible to the naked eye. The vitality was rapidly being lost.As soon as the gray gas first appeared, the mind of the sword dust actually came with a feeling of dizziness. At the same time, the body of the sword dust felt a burst of fatigue.I noticed a change in my body. In the eyes of the sword dust, I saw a touch of bleakness. The poisonous mist emitted by the gold wire snake could actually spread in the air and directly pollute the air. Now, the sword dust finally realized that the gold wire The terrible poison of the snake body is no wonder that this toxin can easily poison the strong master of the sky.The sword dust did not hesitate. The teeth immediately bite the tip of the tongue, and the pain in the heart of the tongue finally sobered his dizzy brain. Then the footsteps quickly retreated, and the Holy Spirit in the body was working at full strength. Thus, the sense of lack of energy in the body. This gradually retreated.After re-settling down, the face of Jian Chen’s face had become heavy. Although he did not play against the gold silver snake, he had already inferred from the poison of gold silver thread snake that this gold wire was The serpent's strength reached at least second-order.Seeing that the poisonous fog is rapidly drifting towards itself, Jianchen did not hesitate, immediately held his breath, tapped his toes on the ground, and swept his body lightly towards the distance.As soon as the sword dust had just moved, the figure of the golden silver snake was moving and turned into a golden light, chasing it up several times faster than the sword dust.Although the silver wire snake body only has the wrist thickness, but it's very fast, it caught up with the sword dust in the blink of an eye, and the giant open mouth immediately bite toward the neck of the sword dust.Seeing the mouth of the golden silver snake is about to bite the neck of the sword dust. At this crucial moment, the body of the sword dust suddenly dwarfed, and the danger and danger escaped. At the same time, the silver in the right hand turned around. The light wind sword turned into a flash of lightning, and with great speed, it pierced the seven-inch place of the golden silver thread snake, and the sword body was surrounded with a layer of white swords and eagles. The sharp Jian Qi together, has formed a dazzling Pang Mang, this sword, is already the sword dust fully exerts.The Breeze Sword was unimpeded and very smoothly pierced in the seven-inch place of the golden silver thread snake. However, on the face of the sword dust, not only did he not show a happy look, but became very difficult to read because of this sword. There was no piercing of the skin of the golden silver thread snake, and no trace of it was left."A strong defense." Jian Chen sucks a cold, and his face has become pale for a few reasons, because of the special reasons for cultivation, his attack is already very strong, although he only has the Holy One. The strength, but its attacking power is not much weaker than the strong one at the sages level, and his full-strength sword does not actually leave a trace at the critical point of the gold silver thread snake. Now, the sword dust It has been realized that the gold silver snake in front of him is at least a third-order Warcraft or even a fourth-order, and it is not at all his own enemy.If it is an ordinary third-order World of Warcraft, the sword dust can only kill it with a little effort, but this kind of alien gold wire snake can not be measured with ordinary Warcraft.