Chapter 9 Strength Exposure ()Qiu two eyes full of anger looked at the sword dust, that eyes want to be a fierce beast, as if to swallow the sword dust abruptly."You little bastard, today I must take a good lesson of you." Qiu two snarled with anger, two steps out of sword dust, a quick kick, kicked directly to the head of sword dust, this one The kicking out of the leg is very fast. If you are really kicked, it will definitely hurt the average person. If you kick in an ordinary child, it will definitely cause fatal injuries.Feeling the strength of Qiu Er's leg, the 20-year-old youth who had previously ridiculed the sword dust suddenly changed his face and became pale and yelled loudly: "Qiu Erge, stop!" It is also the four young masters of the Changyang government, and the children of the Changyang government’s family, although they are not considered by the family because they are incapable of practicing the power of the Holy Spirit, but after all their identity is there, laughing at a thing or two, but once they’re right The young masters of Changyang government began to be severely punished, and even if they were backed by two people, that would not change anything.Discovered the strength of Qiu Erji's leg, Jian Chen’s face changed slightly, his eyes flashed with a touch of Hanmang, then the slight side of the body, easily avoiding the kick of Qiu Yi’s second leg, and the Jianchen body was not repulsive. Into, quickly approaching the top of the hill two, with one arm stuck in the thighs of Qiu Erna yet to withdraw, the other hand lifted the thigh of the other leg of Qiu, and then sang down, sinking Forces, mobilize all the Holy Powers in the body, and finally with the weak body, abruptly lifted Qiu II's full body to give up.Holding Qiu Er's body, Jian Chen did not give Qiu II the time to resist. He stepped out on both feet and ran a few steps on the ground. He threw out Qiu Er directly through the momentum of Qian Qiang.Qiu's body flew about five meters away from the air and eventually fell to a large table dedicated to the vegetables. Unexpectedly, the location of Qiu II fell, and there was a steel body underneath. Thorn, a strange tool like a hedgehog.Qiu's body was just above the strange tool used in this kitchen. The steel spine, which was more than one inch in length, pierced his body and suddenly, Qiu II once again made a pig-like scream. He suffered from severe, painful pain, and even his facial muscles were distorted.All the guys in the kitchen got stank, and their eyes were full of incredibleness. A seven-year-old boy could not only resist the weight of Qiu Er, but also had the power to hold three layers of Holy Power. Qiu II was defeated. If I say this out, I am afraid that no one in the Changyang Mansion will believe it.Jian Chen's eyes coldly watched the screaming of Qiu Er and another young man who mocked him. He said nothing. He left the kitchen and even the girl did not take it.Came to the outside, Jian Chen secretly sighed, did not think that dignified Changyang House four young masters, even the people in the kitchen are beginning to bully him.After leaving the feelings of depression in his heart behind him, Jian Chen walked casually in the Changyang Mansion with a small pace. Changyang House is very large. At least in the past few years, the sword dust has never been visited by Changyang House. The scenery in Fuchu is also very good. Everywhere there are pavilions and pavilions. There are just a few small lakes. In the garden, there are a lot of exotic flowers and plants, floating in faint scent.As the four young masters of Changyang House, sword dust can wander around Changyang Palace. Along the way, sword dust finds itself in some of the important roads and buildings in Fuchu. There are people with weak skills hiding inside. For these swords, The dust was no longer strange. After all, he also understood that in the past few years, Changyang House was one of the four major families in Lohr City, and it had a very high status in the first-tier city of Lohr City.As I walked along, I realized that the sword dust had come to a beautiful garden. In an empty space, sword dust actually found that my third brother Chang Yangke was holding a wooden axe in his hands. Martial arts, but the appearance of Changyangke's wielding an axe, in the eyes of the swordsman's swordsman, is as if he was slashing in a random manner, without any slightest moves.Although sword dust is well-crafted for kendo, but in the past there were many masters who used axe and all kinds of weapons. Therefore, for all kinds of weapons, the sword dust is also slightly familiar with the two, and Chang Yang grams this random mess The chopping action makes the sword dust feel quite silent. This is where the practice of martial arts is.Just as the sword dust was about to turn and leave, Chang Yangke suddenly found Jian Chen, and the action in his hand stopped immediately. His face also showed a grin.“Four younger brothers, come over, and the third brother will give you sugar.” Chang Yangke looked at Jian Chen and shouted at him.After listening to Chang Yangke's sentence, Jian Dust was almost a bear to the ground and secretly thought: "This sentence is taken to abduct a three-year-old child is still about the same." However, the sword dust does not seem to realize if it is thrown The experience of opening a past life is not much bigger than a three-year-old child.For Chang Yangke, the sword dust didn't bother, and he kept walking and heading away.See Jian Chen dust goes farther and farther, Chang Yangke's face reveals a hint of anger, throw away the wooden axe in his hand, then immediately chase up and put down the sword dust."Four younger brothers, did you not hear me just when I told you?" Chang Yangke stopped in front of the sword dust, said the cymbal, and said angrily."Is there something?" Looking calmly at Chang Yangke, the tone of the sword dust asked lightly, and the tone was a bit indifferent. For himself, the third brother, the sword dust did not have a good impression. In these two years, Chang Yangke always tried to bully the sword dust, and Chang Yangke was after the sword dust was unable to cultivate the Holy Power. The practice is becoming more and more excessive. If the sword dust is not going out, I am afraid that the number of sword battles in Changyang will only be more. However, Chang Yangke did not succeed only once. In the dark he was bullied by Jian Chen. Many times, this has caused Chang Yangke to remain skeptical, always looking for an opportunity to revenge."Three younger brothers, accompany your third brother to practice martial arts together." Then, Changyang grams ranging from sword dust agreed, to pull the arm of sword dust to go to the place where he had martial arts forced to pull. In his heart, Chang Yangke was excited and he couldn't fight his intelligence but he could not believe that he was not an opponent of Jian Chen in the use of force. After all, he was a martial artist who was simply impossible. The cultivation of the Holy Power, so in his view this non-condensing is a good opportunity to bully the sword dust.Soon, sword dust was forced by Changyang Ke to the place where he had practiced martial arts before. Chang Yangke picked up the wooden axe he had thrown aside from the ground and looked at Jian Chen with a bad smile. Fourth brother, are you ready? The third brother will start attacking."Looking at the feminine smile on Chang Yangke's face, the sword dust showed a playful look in his eyes. He spread his hands and said, “Three brothers, but you have weapons in your hands. Can you let me free to fight with you? ”After listening to this, Changyang Ke took a sip and looked at the wooden axe he was holding in his hand. He slightly hesitated. Then he tossed his hand and tossed the axe to Jian Chen. With the axe, the third brother will fight with you empty handed.” Although the axe is wooden, but its weight also has ten jins, an ordinary child less than ten years old, in order to mention it is really difficult, Changyangke It was precisely this point that he tossed the axe to Jian Chen and sincerely wanted to see him ugly.The sword dust reached over to the wooden axe and looked in his hand. The work of the axe was very rough. There was only one shape of an axe, and the axe blade had no open front. Even if it was cut down, it would not cause Injury, at most, is a bit painful.See Jian dust easily with the help of a heavy axe ten jins, Chang Yang Ke eyes exposed a hint of surprise, this situation beyond his expectations.Jian Chen looked to Changyangke, his face showing a hint of faint smile, said: "The third brother, this axe or you to use it." Then, the sword dust thrown an axe to Changyang grams.In one hand, he caught the axe thrown by the sword dust. Chang Yangke asked doubtfully: "Four younger brothers, if you don't use weapons, you want to fight with me."Jian Chen grinned and shook his head, then came to a small tree, broken a branch of about a meter long, all the leaves above to remove, leaving only a bare branch back to its original position."This is my weapon!" Yang raised the branch in his hands, and Jian Xiao said lightly.Chang Yangke's eyes glanced over the small branch of chopsticks in the hands of the sword dust. Not only was he not angry, but he showed a happy smile. In his opinion, defeating the sword dust today is getting easier and easier. The bully, a younger brother who had suffered a lot of losses, was excited by Chang Yangke.Chang Yangke slowly grasped the axe and said: "Four brothers, then you are careful, the third brother attacked Oh." Then, Changyang Ke body immediately rushed forward, ran to the front of the sword dust, his hands tightly hold The axe was slashed toward the sword dust.This wooden axe was not cut off at all, so Chang Yangke did not leave his hand in the slightest, and he was very heavy.The sword dust stepped in a staggered way, easily escaped Changyangke's axe, and then quickly pierced the branches of his hands. Just as the branches pierced, the momentum of the sword dust suddenly changed, resembling a sword-like sharpness. The branch that was pierced in the hand, with even more impetuous momentum, at this moment, this ordinary branch in the hands of sword dust, seems to have turned into a real sword.The branches in the hands of the sword dust pierced at a very rapid rate. Chang Yangke did not realize it at all and the branches had already stopped in front of Changyangke's throat."Three brothers, you lost!" Looking at the playful look of Changyangke, who has yet to recover the axe, Jianfen said softly.Changyak stared blankly at the branches of his throat in front of his throat. He couldn't believe what he looked like. He didn't even see how the branch was pierced. He just felt that it was a flower. The branch has already appeared in front of its throat.After staying for a long time, Chang Yangke suddenly regained consciousness, reached out and folded the branch that had stopped in front of his throat into two sections, and shouted in disgruntled voice: “Not counting, this isn’t counting, four younger brothers, You shamelessly."Jian Chen looked funny and looked at his slightly flushed Chang Yangke. He said in a weird tone: "Third brother, I don't know where I am jealous.""This .... this ...." After listening to this, Chang Yangke scratched his head, shriveled, and he couldn't say anything. Finally he snorted, and said: "Anyway, just that time, it's not counted. We'll come back again. ."Jian Chen organized the next branch that was broken by Changyangke and said with a chuckle: "Well, we'll come back again." Then, the sword dust slowly receded to five meters.