Chapter 91 KillingThe Silver Wire Snake has a pair of small eyes staring cautiously at the light windy sword suspended in the air. The tongue and apricot in the mouth continues to swiftly pass. The strong and sharp sword air sent by the breeze sword feels that the Silver Wire Snake also feels A dangerous atmosphere made it dare to attack lightly.Jian Dan slowly closed his eyes and carefully felt the wonderful feeling that God had when he controlled the Breeze Sword. Afterwards, the sword dust thought and moved under the control of his powerful "God". The sword was classified as a silver-white lightning bolt, and at a speed of incredible speed toward the gold-silver thread snake under uncontrolled conditions."Oh!"The Sword broke and brought a shrill scream, screaming toward the Snakehead of the Silver Wire Snake. At last, when the Silver Wire Snake had not yet responded, the breeze sword had already stabbed On its head, suddenly, a deep wound appeared on the head of the golden silver snake, and the red blood rushed out of the wound, rendering the snake's head a red blood.The sword dust was still wrapped in the air by the tail of the golden silver thread snake, but when he saw the wound that was pierced by the light wind sword on the head of the golden silver snake, the happiness in the eyes became more intense. A bit, since it can break its defense, does not mean there is hope in today's sword dust to kill this gold and silver thread snake.Immediately afterwards, Jian Chen once again used the method of God's Imperial Sword to control the Breeze Sword constantly attacking the Golden Silk Silver Snake."Oh!"Under the control of sword dust, the breeze sword was marked by a silvery lightning bolt that struck gold and silver snakes again and again, but now the direction of the attack is a relief of the seven inches of gold silver snakes.As a silver-white light flashes in front of the gold wire snake, there is already a deep blood mark in its seven inches. Although the wound is not shallow, it has obviously not hurt the gold wire. The key to silver snake,The seven inches of the snake is the heart of the snake. Although this sword pierced the seven-inch skin of the golden silver thread snake, the breeze sword failed to hurt the strong defense force of the snake skin. Gold wire snake in the heart.When the seven-inch place was attacked, the Silver Wire Snake apparently became panicked. Immediately after the entire body Po Po was on the ground, the long snake body formed a circle, and the seven-inch place was closely guarded. At the same time, the tail that wraps around the sword dust suddenly loosens.Losing the restraint of the Serpent's Tail, the Jian Chen’s body also fell from the air. He eventually fell to the ground and fell to the ground. A strong sense of vertigo struck the brain of Jian Chen, but soon It was suppressed by the mighty god of sword dust.The right hand supported the ground, and the sword dust climbed up from the ground a little bit harder, looked at the left arm that had completely lost consciousness and felt a weak body. Jian Chen’s face changed slightly, and then his right hand suddenly forced, tearing himself. In the clothes, the whole left arm and the left half of the sword dust of Jian Chen were completely blackened and spread to the whole body at a visible speed."Good and violent poison." Jian Chen's face suddenly sank, and he was bitten by his silver wire snake. Until now, it was only two breaths of time. In this short time, his body's The toxin has already spread half the body, and the speed of spread so quickly makes the sword dust feel frightened and horrified. Moreover, the most fearful thing is that the power of the Holy Spirit simply cannot suppress the spread of toxins.Thinking of the fact that the Holy Power can suppress the spread of toxins, Jian Chen did not hesitate at all, was distracted, and controlled the light wind sword to drag the Gold Silver Wire Snake to stop it from continuing to attack itself, and on the other side, it controlled the light of heaven and earth. The force quickly gathered toward himself.The bright celestial power between the heavens and the earth gathered under the full control of the sword and dust, and quickly gathered at sword-dust at a terrifying speed. When the brilliance was gathered to a certain degree, only a layer of bright white brilliance appeared in the sword. Dust around the body, and quickly become stronger, just a few breathing time, before that one layer of white brilliance has completely turned into a strong milky light, the sword dust the entire people enveloped inside It seems that the Buddha is a white skull. Although the light is strong, it is not dazzling.With the steady flow of the Holy Power into the body of the sword dust, the rapid spread of toxins in the dust of the sword dust has finally encountered obstacles, and the speed of the spread has suddenly slowed down, but it is only that way. Although this bright Holy Power It has a magical effect on healing, and the vast majority of the world’s highly toxic can easily be lifted, but for this golden silver snake's toxin, the bright power can only play a temporary suppression.On the other side, the breeze sword flashes into a silver-white light and spirals around the body of the golden silver serpent, leaving a silvery white aperture in the sky, and the silver wire snake trapped in the middle is in a pair of small eyes. The light continued to flash, and he watched with vigilance the light wind sword that was constantly passing through the air. The seven-inch wounded place was already protected by the long silver body of the snake and the silver wire snake was not exposed outside. Silver Snake also realized that its own life has been threatened."Oh!"After the light wind sword circled the golden silver thread snake for several rounds, it finally brought a sizzling sound of blown air and punctured again toward the head of the golden silver thread snake.The speed of the breeze sword is too fast. Under the control of the sword dust, the speed of the sword is several times faster than the speed of the sword dust. When the silver snake has not yet responded, It has once again been stabbed in the head of the golden thread snake."Oh!"The gold silver snake suffered from a squeaky squeak, a mouthful of hoarse roars, a constant awakening of the tongue and apricot in the mouth, and finally a large mouth with a thick gray poisonous mist that blew out from the mouth and soon put a radius of several meters. Enveloped in it, the surrounding plants quickly withered at a speed that was visible to the naked eye. Even some of the giant trees with strong vitality could not resist these poisonous poisons. The entire trunk quickly dried up and fell on the trees. The lush foliage is as if it was autumn. It has turned into withered yellow falling from the branches and leaves.The poisonous fog spreads along the air and continues to spread to the surrounding areas. Wherever the poisonous fog has passed, the lush, lush green jungle has immediately become withered.As soon as the poisonous fog appeared, the sword dust immediately stopped breathing, and then the body rapidly retreated backwards under the envelope of milky white rays. The golden poison of the Silver Wire Snake was very powerful, and even the bright Holy Power could not be lifted. For this poisonous fog, there is a lot of jealousy in the heart.Through the mask of poisonous fog, the Silver Wire Snake did not continue to stay here. It immediately flew to the distance and fled to the distance. The speed at which the breeze sword made it impossible to capture had already made this stigma far away. The gold-silver-lined serpent produced a fearful mentality. In the event that life was seriously threatened, the gold-silvered serpent had already given up the pursuit of sword dust.Seeing the gold silver snake to escape, Jian Chen’s eyes also revealed an anxious look, then he did not hesitate at all, immediately controlling the light wind sword to catch up with the fastest speed.Now his body is highly toxic to the golden thread and silver thread snake, and the blood of the golden thread and silver thread snake must be relieved. Otherwise, even if the sword dust can use a bright sacred force to suppress the spread of toxins, the final result will only be dead. Because the light of the Holy Power to suppress toxins is only temporary, and it cannot last long. Moreover, maintaining the brightness of the Holy Power is also very great for God's consumption. The sword dust cannot sustain for a long time.The light wind sword is classified as a silvery white light, like a bolt of lightning, flashing through the jungle, and it has already caught up with the golden silver snake in a flash, and is exposed to seven inches from the golden silver thread snake. He stabbed up.Facing the speed of the breeze sword, Gold Silver Snake had no time to escape, and was then thrust into the heart of the seven-inch place by the breeze sword.When the light wind sword pierced the gold silver snake's heart, the gold silver snake's body suddenly startled, then the momentum of the escape came to an abrupt halt, and then the mouth uttered a deafening snoring, and the whole body finally fell powerlessly. Go on.“Call!” The sword dust drew a long breath, and the heart that mentioned the eyes of Scorpion was finally put down. His own life was finally guaranteed.The breeze sword made a sound of a sword, and the tip of the sword escaped from the seven-inch place of the golden silver thread serpent. After circling in the air for two rounds, it was marked as a light and lightning flew toward the sword dust. Return to the hands of sword dust again.Looking at the light wind sword in his hand, the sword dust forced the joy of the heart, and then walked quickly toward the place where the golden silver thread snake fell, and now he would immediately take the blood of the silver thread snake. To detoxify, otherwise, in this World of Warcraft, every time you miss a minute, there is an additional unknown danger.The pace was a bit imaginary and the distance was nearly 50 meters. The sword dust finally came to the front of the fallen gold silver wire snake body. Looking at this body, I still don't know how long the gold silver thread snake was. The sword dust did not exist. With no hesitation, he immediately squatted on the ground, his hands raised the gold silk silver snake, which had already been blood-stained to the seven-inch place, and then he sucked blood."Oh!" "Oh!"With the continuous flow of the throat, the blood of the Silver Wire Snake was swallowed by the sword dust. As the blood flowed slowly into the abdomen along the throat, the sword dust could clearly feel the silver wire snake. In the blood, there is a very special kind of energy that flows into the body through its own blood. When these blood flows to where the toxin is spread, the toxins are rapidly dissipating and seem to be assimilated.Feel the changes in his body, the speed of blood swallowed by the sword dust devoured the silver wire snake faster, he seemed to completely take the blood of the silver snake like a delicious delicious food.