Chapter 92 ChangeUntil his stomach had been filled with the blood of the Silver Wire Snake, and if he could no longer fit even a superfluous drop of blood, the sword dust finally stopped the action of continuing to absorb the blood of the Silver Wire Snake."Ah!" Jian Chen looked up, opened his mouth and gave a sound of buzz, and then began to gasp slightly.In the dust of the sword dust, the blood of a large number of silver and silver snakes accumulates in his abdomen and is eventually assimilated by the blood of the dust inside the sword dust at a very slow speed. He is absorbed by his body, and at the same time, his left half The viciousness on the chest and the entire left arm was also rapidly faded with the naked eye, and Uzbekistan gradually shifted towards a normal skin tone.Although the gold silver snake's toxin is extremely intense, only its blood is solvable in the world, but this kind of poisonous, clear up is also very fast.It didn't take long for the highly toxic substances in the dust to be completely cleared. In addition to the two small teeth marks still on the shoulders, the color of his left arm and left chest had completely returned to normal.“Hell!” Looking at the eye has completely returned to the normal responsible body, sword dust long out of breath, the heart is a burst of gladness, but fortunately at the last minute, he successfully slay the gold silver snake, Otherwise, even if there is a bright power to suppress the spread of toxins, he will definitely not be able to live three days. After all, the Holy Power of Light will not last long, which is very large for the consumption of “God”. .Slowly stood up from the ground, sword dust looked at the foot of this gold-silver serpent like a gold rattan fell on the ground, but felt a burst of excitement in the heart, gold silver snake, across the Tianyuan mainland The number of appearances does not exceed three digits. It can be said to be very rare. Moreover, the value of the gold thread snake itself is also very large. It is no exaggeration to say that the silver snake is extremely poisonous, but it is extremely poisonous. Its whole body is full of treasures. It is said that the consumption of snakes and flesh snakes not only increases the body's ability to resist various kinds of acute poisons, but also strengthens its own system, although it cannot be like gold silver. The snake's defense is so perverted, but it can also be improved.The silver snake snake serpent, is said to be a very advanced medicinal herbs, if with the silver thread snake's blood with a special method of refining, but also able to train on the body of the virus does not invade, immune to the world Ten thousand poisons, unless they are more virulent than Silver Wire Snakes or other types of poisons that are in the same name as gold wire silver snakes. Otherwise, all the virulent viruses in the world will not be able to invade the people. It poses the slightest threat.The venom of the golden silver thread snake is also a terrible weapon of lethality. Since it grew up, it grew in the snake's beak of gold thread and silver wire, and continued to infiltrate in the venom day and night to make the silver thread snake The teeth are also undergoing gradual degeneration. Now, the teeth of the Silver Wire Snake have already been contaminated with highly toxic substances that can never be removed. Once they are injured by fangs, they are Poisonous, if there is no blood of Silver Wire snake to detoxify, then the only result will be poisoned and died. This kind of virulent, even if the strength is as strong as the Sky Master, there is no way.Of course, with the current toxin of this silver thread snake, it is absolutely impossible to poison the sky sage in a short time, but it will make it impossible for the sky sage to eliminate this toxin. The final result is still death. The only antidote is the blood of the Silver Wire Snake.Although the gold silver snake's toxin is extremely intense, the strength of the toxin is still linked to the strength of the gold wire silver snake itself. The stronger the gold wire silver snake, the more intense the toxin, once gold The strength of the silk and silver serpent reached the sixth order, and it would definitely kill the strong skies of the skies in just a short time.The snakeskin of the gold silver snake is not only soft, but also very defensive. It is a good material for the inner armor, and the value is very high.As for the silver venom venom sac, it is a marketable and non-market type. The sac can be extracted into a colorless, odorless, highly toxic substance that can avoid toxins. Detection tools are difficult to detect, and even under this highly toxic situation, even the Sky Masters are not spared, and the only antidote is the blood of the Silver Wire Snake.On Tianyuan mainland, there have been several cases of gold snakes and silver snakes appearing on some auction houses. However, each time they appeared, they were bought out by some people with special purpose.Silently recalling these materials from the books about the gold silver thread snake, the feeling of dust in the sword dust rushes out of the mind's memory with these materials and becomes difficult to exaltation. This time , is definitely the biggest harvest he enters the World of Warcraft, especially the poisonous body that does not invade, so that the sword dust is heart.Then the sword dust did not hesitate, and immediately began to drag the slender body of the gold silver wire snake. For the silver wire snake's corpse, the sword dust could not be the same as the ordinary Warcraft, but it is still there.With some effort, Jian Chen finally took the whole body of the golden silver thread snake out of the weeds and piled it together. Only then did the sword dust completely observe the length of the body of the silver thread snake. That is actually more than 70 meters long.The strength of the Silver Wire Snake is divided according to the length of its body. Starting from the 20-meter-long body of the first-order gold and silver wire snake, the strength of the snake will increase by 20 meters for every first-order increase. The fifth-order one-hundred-meter meter, as well as the sixth-order gold-silver thread snake, has been able to change the size of the body. Therefore, the strength of the golden-silver thread snake above the sixth-order level cannot be divided by its body.In front of this golden thread and silver thread snake, from the length of the body, it seems to be a powerful World of Warcraft that will soon break through to fourth-order strength.Jian Chen took out from the chest the space ring that had been hung on him. This space ring was given to him by his father, Changyang Pa, when he left Changyang. The space inside was very large, far from it. Space belts can be compared, and in order to take away this gold silk silver snake, which is more than seventy meters long, the only way to use this space ring is to use a space with a narrow space. Can not fit the body of this silver wire snake.However, in order to put this gold-silvered silver snake, which is more than 70 meters long, into the space ring, it is not an easy task. When the sword dust is just ready to start, suddenly, his face changes slightly. , suddenly looked back and looked behind.When I saw the sight of the sword dust, I saw a few figures prying open the jungle and came out from the inside. When I looked at them with sword dust, I saw the presence of sword dust at the same time."Oops!" Jian Chen's face changed slightly, and his heart cried. Then, I am afraid that I would have to give birth to something.There are a total of 20 people who come to see them. From the dressing up of the body, they are all a group of mercenaries. When these mercenaries found Jian Chen, the look on the faces of all the people was ambiguous. To meet one person here, Obviously they also brought some accidents, but then, the eyes were attracted by the silver wire snake that had been spiraled behind him.At the front of the mercenary is a middle-aged man, who appears to be about 40 years old. When the middle-aged man's eyes fall on the Silver Wire Snake, his eyebrows can not help but slightly wrinkle up, revealing a thinking look. Later, it seems that something seems to be remembered. In the eyes, a flash of joy, a great sense of joy, and an incredible expression suddenly fill the entire face, and the eyes are still looking hot and unbelievable. The gold silver snake behind the sword dust could not help but exclaimed: "The golden silver snake, this is actually a golden silver snake."The middle-aged man’s words made a group of mercenaries behind him stunned and did not seem to be a reaction to gold and silver snakes. But then, when the deep memory of the silver wire snakes came to their minds. At that time, one by one, his face changed greatly, his eyes looked amazed, and his hot eyes and other complex visions rushed toward the gold-silvered silver snake, which was only behind the sword dust. After looking at it carefully, more and more The screams of unbearable pressure are spreading from their mouths."Is this gold thread snake?""This is a gold silver snake, exactly the same as in the legend.""I didn't expect to meet the Silver Wire Snake here. We've made a fortune."    ……..All sorts of screams came from the mouth of a group of mercenaries. One by one, the look of gold snakes and silver snakes became extremely hot. The greedy look was revealed on his face and it was not covered up.The dust in the sword dust secretly sighed, did not think at this critical time, but such a change occurred, this is definitely the situation he most do not want to see, but unfortunately God is not as good as he wish.The action quickly collected the space ring, and the silver-white breeze sword emerged from the hands of the sword dust. Then there was no hesitation in the sword dust, and the body was immediately marked as a white phantom. It rushed toward the mercenary across the surface at a very fast speed. .The other party has already recognized the gold silver thread snake. To the preciousness of the gold silver thread snake, there is no need to think too much. The sword dust is also very clear. The other party will definitely rob it without any means, and there is no room for negotiation.The speed of the sword dust was very fast. At a distance of nearly 30 meters, he went across the group of mercenaries, and the light wind sword pierced."Hey, come good!" The middle-aged man headed by him was not weak. He quickly returned from the surprise of the gold and silver thread snakes. He stared at the rapid dash of swordsmanship. Immediately afterwards, a huge sword suddenly appeared in the hand and the sword was cut off toward the sword dust.As soon as the sword dust collided with the sacred soldier of the middle-aged man, the pace of sword dust's progress suddenly changed. He avoided the long sword cut by the middle-aged man and ran from behind the middle-aged man to his back. Attack a group of mercenaries standing behind the middle-aged man.