Chapter 93 MurderFaced with the lightning-like speed of sword dust, only a few of the group of mercenaries reflected and their respective sacred soldiers appeared in their hands, and they immediately cut to sword dust.Jian Chen did not entanglement with them, his body shook slightly, escaped the attacks of several of them, and quickly passed by them, the light wind sword in his hand was classified as a generation of silver mansions and flickered from the neck of both of them.When the silver awn disappeared, the bodies of the two men suddenly saw themselves. As their eyes quickly disappeared, their eyes gradually became sluggish. On their throats, a small blood mark appeared in the crowd. The next moment, the bright red blood flowed out from the bloody traces in the throat, and the bodies of the two men slowly fell down.The speed was not reduced to passing the two bodies. The sword dust rushed behind the group of mercenaries and the weak mercenaries became the primary target of the sword dust, although the mercenary group had twenty People, but their strength is not strong, are generally in the stage of the Holy and the Holy, and only the leading middle-aged man and the other have the strength of the sages.Jian Chen’s mysterious pace, his body is like a ghostly one, flashing quickly behind the mercenary, with the constant flashing of silver-white light, continuous mercenary soldiers fell under the light wind sword of sword dust, these strengths The mercenaries who were all in the sages stage had no recourse in the hands of the sword dust. In the face of this extremely fast attack, their brain nerves had no time to reflect, let alone resist.For a time that could not be inhaled, those of the mercenaries who had only the power of the saints would all die under the sword of sword dust, and the remaining people, the weakest ones, would reach the stage of the Holy One. They In the face of the sword dust attack, it has preliminary ability to resist.After killing the weakest saint, the action of Jian Chen did not stop in the slightest. The light wind sword in his hand once again turned into a silvery white lightning, with a fast speed toward the next servant who has the power of the Holy One. Soldiers stab.Faced with this extreme speed, the mercenary face suddenly bowed, dodging has been too late, and in desperation, only his own axe in front of the file.However, the breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust is like a sensitive viper. With the change of sword potential, the breeze sword that had originally stabbed the mercenary's throat suddenly sinks and stabs toward his heart.“Oh!” This time, the mercenary who had achieved the strength of the Holy One simply had no time to reflect. The silver-white breeze sword had pierced deep into the left chest and pierced him with a sword. heart.As soon as the breeze sword had just entered the heart of the mercenary, it was immediately pulled out by the sword dust and continued its fierce offensive towards the rest.Seeing in such a short period of time, his own camp has killed several brothers, and the remaining mercenaries have been angered."Asshole, go to hell!""Return my brother's life!"The remaining number of mercenaries with the power of the Holy Ones shouted and lifted the sacred soldiers in different directions and attacked the sword dust. All the escape routes of the sword dust were extinguished.An unobservable smirk appeared on the mouth of the sword dust, and a light scented sword spread out over the sword and spurted at a lightning speed toward the incoming sacred soldier."Hey!" "Hey!" "Hey!"In a short time, Jian Chen blasted several swords at an extremely fast pace. Each sword accurately hit a sacred soldier who cut himself to himself. When they collide together, the resulting steel-like sympathetic sounds are joined together. If only one sound is heard, it is difficult to hear the nuances.Just as the light wind sword collided with the sacred soldiers, a mighty force passed into the opponent's sacred soldiers along the light wind sword.Feel the powerful power uploaded by the sacred soldiers. Several mercenaries who have achieved the power of the Holy One are faced with a change. Then the body can't be self-control, and the footsteps move backwards. None of them thought that the light wind sword with only two finger thickness on the front actually contained a force that was completely inconsistent with its size.The fierce eyes of Jian Chen’s eyes flickered and the strong murderous plane flickered in the eyes, taking advantage of the fact that these mercenaries had not yet controlled their own body's good timing. The body was like a ghostly and silently came to a mercenary. In front of him, the light winded sword in his hand was carrying a layer of sturdy sword and spurt toward the mercenary's neck with lightning speed.Faced with this extreme sword, the mercenary who had not stabilized his stature had no time to do anything to resist the action. Finally, in his frightened eyes, the light wind sword has penetrated deeply. His throat was directly pierced, and the blood-stained tip broke out from the other end of the mercenary's throat.At this moment, a great sword with sharp fierce wind hits from behind the sword dust, in the eyes of the sword dust Jingmang flash, with the arm slightly ***, that breeze sword pierced into the mercenary throat has been He pulled out, and then suddenly turned, the light wind sword in the hands wrapped in a layer of Jian Jian Mount, once again classified as a silver-white lightning, with a rapid speed to stab behind him."Oh!"Only a two-fingered breeze sword collided with a three-inch-wide giant sword in midair. The two sacred soldiers who were completely inconsistent in size actually fought.However, no one found that when the breeze sword collided with the great sword, the sword dust held the right arm of the breeze sword, and the slightest tremor could tremble twice.With his eyes slightly turning, sword dust stared coldly at the owner of the Great Sword, and saw that the owner of the Great Sword was relieved by the middle-aged man who had previously walked in front of the mercenary ranks, but at the moment the middle-aged man’s face was already It became extremely dark, and the look of Jian Chen's eyes was full of strong murderousness."Drink!" In the eyes of middle-aged men, the strong murderous flashes, and then immediately made a burst of drink in the mouth, his left hand into a boxing, with a sturdy wind toward the sword dust face to play.In the eyes of the sword dust, his eyes flashed with a sneer, and in the face of the middle-aged man, he punched his fist with full strength and left his palms in the palm of his hand to meet the fists of the middle-aged man.    "bump!"When the fists touch each other, the powerful force contained in it bursts out and a boring squeaking sound is heard. At the meeting between the palms of the two people, there is a strong force rushing out of the clump and expanding. In all directions, under the influence of invisible forces, the surrounding weeds and trees began to shake, and some weeds closer to the two were bent down and Popu was on the ground.The sword dust and the middle-aged man were also shocked by the strong anti-quake force generated by the clashes. Each stepped back a certain distance, and they finally shook their distance at a distance of ten meters.The middle-aged man's face was dark and gloomy. He stared at the sword dust ten meters away and stared at him with a strong sense of murder. Shen said: "Boy, the movement can be really fast, and it can be really Cannes."At this time, the remaining number of surviving saints were also gathered behind the middle-aged man. One by one, they looked at Jian Chen’s eyes.The sword dust looked cold and watched a group of mercenaries across from him and did not speak. Now that the Silver Wire Snake has been discovered by them, the sword dust has also had to make killings. The dust from past lives is not the fledgling boy. He is very clear in his heart that the Silver Wire Snake thing is once rumors. Going out, it will certainly bring endless troubles to you. After all, the gold and silver snakes are too precious. The precious family members of the big forces in the Tianyuan continent have no choice but to rush to get it. Hunting, it is definitely more miserable than facing Hua Yunzong's pursuit. In such a situation, Jian Chen is definitely not wanting to see it. Therefore, taking advantage of the current chance, Jian Chen must kill everyone in the venue. , completely eliminate the gold wire silver snake information transmission.The group of mercenaries on the other side now has eleven remaining people. Apart from the strength of a leading middle-aged man who has the sages, there is another young person about 30 years of age hiding in the crowd. It also has the strength of the sages. In this team, only the two men can bring the threat of sword dust.See Jian Chen did not speak. The middle-aged man was also too lazy to say, loudly commanding: "Brothers, we all went together and killed him not only to revenge the brothers who died for us, but also that gold and silver snake is also us Now, once the gold silver snake has been obtained, from then on, we no longer have to risk our lives in order to earn a little money to the World of Warcraft to kill the World of Warcraft."The middle-aged man said that he first rushed toward Jian Chen, and behind him, the mercenaries who had the strength of the Great Teacher also rushed to follow.Jian Chen silently, but the war in his mind was unknowingly become high up, then carrying a light wind sword, pedaling mysterious pace to the group of mercenaries rushed to the speed."Drink!" Looking at the rushing sword dust, the middle-aged man's eyes flashed a strong murderous move, then held high the Great Sword, in order to force the momentum of Huashan headed toward the sword dust.There was a sneer on his face and he was not in contact with middle-aged men. The pace of his advancement changed slightly. He bypassed the middle-aged man's great sword and rushed to the group of mercenaries behind him who were weaker. .For the sword dust this trick, the middle-aged man had apparently watched for a loss after a previous loss, only saw him cut into the air, the Greatsword attack angle suddenly changed, actually he was hard to use brute force to change the route, and then giant The sword continued to sweep away toward the sword dust as the sword dust swept past him.The speed of the giant sword is not slow, and it comes to the back of sword dust in the blink of an eye. At last, under the swift and violent breezes, there is no resistance from the sword dust's waist.However, the middle-aged man's face did not show the slightest happy look, he looked a little dignified staring at the gradual disappearance of the sword dust figure, whispered exclaimed: "afterimage!"