Chapter Nineteenth All ObliterateTo avoid the giant sword of the middle-aged man from the back, the sword dust body flickered to the front of the mercenary who had the strength of the Holy One, and the light wind swords sprang out in quick succession at the speed of lightning. At the same time, the mercenaries also lifted their sacred troops and cut them toward the sword dust."Oh!"The intensive weapon collision sounded, and in a short time, the sword dust had already pierced more than ten swords at a speed that was hard to discern by the naked eye. The mercenary soldiers who cut the mercenary to their own sacred troops all attacked and turned away from the angle of attack. The sword dust movement did not hesitate in the slightest. The light wind sword in his hand exudes Jianmang, and when the mercenaries are struggling to control their own uncontrolled sacred soldiers, the breeze sword is once again turned into silver. White lightning spurs come out.    "Puff puff!"In a short time, Jian Bing's breeze sword pierced the three swords. Each sword accurately hit the throat of a mercenary. The three mercenary's body suddenly stagnated, and then the bloody stream at the throat was turbulent. Out of the blue eyes, they dyed their necks, and the body slowly fell down.At this moment, a sharp sound of broken air intermingled with fierce enthusiasm came from the side, and felt the abruptness and daring of this abruptness. The sword dust immediately swiveled and moved to the side by two meters. However, When the sword dust hadn't stabilized his stature, it was a fierce wind rushing towards him and he came to the door of Jian Chen in a blink of an eye.Jian Chen face the same, the hands of light wind sword immediately cross with his face."Oh!"A giant sword smashed and hit the sword batter in front of the breeze sword. The horror force from the Great Sword swayed the body of the sword dust from flying back a few meters away."Oh!"While the Jian Chen body flew backwards, a long silver-white lance was immediately followed, with a piercing sound of broken into the heart of Jian Chen.Feel the strength of the powerful Holy Spirit contained in the silver-white lance. Jian Chen's face could not help but become serious. The second member of the mercenary who had the strength of the sages finally took it.After a deep footprint on the ground, the sword dust forced a stoppage of his recumbent body shape. Immediately his right arm suddenly stunned, and the two-fingered light wind sword did not fear to meet. Silver-white lances pierce.    "Ding!"The tip of the light wind sword collided with the tip of the rifle accurately in mid-air. Seen here, the cold light in the eyes of the sword dust flashed. Then a sharp sword air was pulled out from the light wind sword, directly along the silver-white rifle. They passed on to the young people who were about thirty years old.Feeling the intention of the sword dust, the young people face a disdain sneer, and then the power of the huge holy power that belongs to the sages was poured out from the body like a flood of flood, and rushed along the barrage toward the breeze sword. However, Jian Jian’s sharp sword and guzzler flowed into the gun rifle, and the pace of advancement was suddenly stopped. Then he flushed under the huge Holy Power that was like a wild horse. It quickly became weak.The fierce flames in the eyes of Jian Chen flashed away. He seemed to be more aggressive with young people. Then the more powerful and sharp Jian Qi gushed out of the breeze sword, and he turned his eyes on young people with no fear. The power of Saint crashed away."Boom!"When the unique Jian Qi of sword dust collided with the Holy Power of young people, a deep roar broke out. Then a violent energy centered on the point where the two sacred soldiers converged and raged around. go with.The body of the sword dust and the young people are constantly backlashed by the impact of the powerful anti-seismic force. Every time a young person withdraws, he steps on a deep footprint in the soil on the ground, and the sword dust His body seemed to be extremely inflexible. His tiptoes touched the ground, and his body moved to the left and right. He quickly unloaded the body's thrust.However, when the sword dust had just stabilized its stature, a fierce enthusiasm came from behind, and he approached his body in the blink of an eye.Jian Chen’s face was slightly changed. He had just played against the young man armed with the lance and caused a great deal of consumption. At the moment, when he was at a loss, he could no longer mobilize enough Holy Power to stand behind him. The powerful attack of the division, in desperation, the sword dust escaping from place to place in the past, but it was so, but on his back, he was also cut out of a deep bone wound by the Great Sword."Drink!" The middle-aged man armed with a giant sword did not exorcise, once again held high swords and cut it toward Jian Chen.Feel the hot and sorrow behind the back, the sword dust gritted his teeth, his left hand patted the ground, the whole body immediately from the ground and start to rotate, and then the body slightly on the side, with a difference of tenth to escape the middle-aged man to see their giant The sword, with a light wind sword in his hand, was classified as a lightning bolt and pierced toward a middle-aged man at an extremely fast pace.The middle-aged man was shocked and the sacred soldier in his hand had just hit it. It was too late to be recovered at this crucial moment. Under imminent circumstances, the middle-aged man's head was slightly offensive, and the dangerous and dangerous escaped stabbing his own throat. This sword, despite avoiding a fatal blow, was still cut by a light wind sword on his neck.There was a sneer on the face of the sword dust, and then the wrist was turned. The breeze sword clung to the middle-aged man and finally cut it down along his neck when the middle-aged man hadn't reflected it.As the silver light flashed from the middle-aged man's neck, the middle-aged man's body became stalemate, and at his neck, tumbling blood flowed."You .....you....." The middle-aged man's eyes widened, and he looked at the sword dust with disbelief. He raised his hand hard. The fingers shivered and accused the sword dust and seemed to want to say something. It was a pity that the neck was wounded. Blocked the words in his stomach, and finally did not say anything. Then he lay down straight down.Looking at the middle-aged man who fell to the ground, the rest of the mercenaries' face and both have changed greatly. Some people even look at Jian Chen’s eyes even with a look of fear.After killing the middle-aged man, Jian Chen did not give the group of mercenaries gasp, holding a light wind sword and killing the remaining mercenaries again.After watching the sword dust, the only remaining young man with the strength of the sages immediately stopped in front of the sword. The long silver-and-white rifle in his hands was designated as a heavy phantom attacking the sword dust. With.While the other mercenaries who had the power of the Holy One only saw the middle-aged men who had the strength of the sages and died under the sword and sword, they were scared and afraid to step forward. Italy, if not another young person with the strength of the sages, once again, I am afraid they have long fled here."叮叮叮...."Dense collision echoed in the quiet forest. Jian Chen and young people flashed their hands for more than 10 rounds in a flash. Now there is no containment for outsiders. The sword dust is full of sharpness of his Jian Qi and that is complete. The speed of passing over the young man prevailed, and in the blink of an eye they forced the young man to resist only.Because the sword of Jian Chen is really too fast, the young people who are fast don't dare to attack. Only passive resistance can prevent them from being attacked. Otherwise, when their attack is just halfway up, the light wind sword in the hands of the sword dust has already been stabbed. On him.Moreover, in the face of sword dust, which deceives his own body, the long shots of the young people in the hands of the young can not fully exert their power, and there is always a feeling of fetters.After the strength was raised to the stage of the Holy One, the fighting power of Jian Chen was also more than several times stronger than before. Now, with his own advantages, he has been able to fully contend with the strength of his first-class sages.After more than a dozen rounds of lightnings, Jian Chen and the young man armed with the rifle were separated again. However, young people now look like they are going to suffer a lot of worries. They saw that the clothes on his upper and lower body have been completely damaged and there are still a few on his body. Deeply visible is the wound of the bone. At the neck, there is an extremely shallow sword mark that just cuts a layer of skin around his neck.On the other hand, in addition to the bloody wounds behind the sword dust, the entire person did not seem to have much change, but his face was slightly whitish.His face was extremely dignified and stared at the opposite side of the sword dust. The youth screamed, "The enemy is too strong. I will stop him and everyone will escape." After the previous encounters, the young people also knew that the sword dust was hot It is clear that today it is very likely that we will not be able to leave here, so we made the worst decision immediately.In his heart is a bright, clear that he and other people know the thing of gold silver thread snake, sword dust in order to keep this secret, will definitely kill and prevent a person from leaving here to spread the news alive, because, for If he is doing this, he will do the same.This is the rule of survival on the Tianyuan continent. Everything is talked about with strength. Whoever has the fist is the one who can finally laugh.After listening to the young people, the remaining number of mercenaries frightened and immediately fled here with the fastest speed and fled from all directions.Looking at the scattered mercenaries who had scattered and fled, Jian Chen’s face suddenly sank, and he immediately killed his young man with a sword."Ah!" The young people yelled and shouted. They did not fear to meet the sword dust. With the speed of the sword dust, he knew that it was very difficult to escape from here today. Instead of doing so, it would be better to leave this for those. The escaping mercenaries fight for time. Once they reveal the gold wire snakes, there will always be revenge for him.    "Ding!"The light wind sword collided with Zhang Xuchang’s long gun in mid-air, sparking a dazzling spark. Then under the control of the young man, the long gun was used to picking up the long sword. Suddenly, the breeze sword in the hands of the sword dust was The long shot picked up high into the air.Seeing this, the young people were slightly surprised, but then there was a hint of ecstasy in the eyes. They immediately controlled the rifles and drove in and spurted them toward the throat of the sword dust.The mouth of the sword dust showed a slight disdain smile, the power of a powerful Holy moment was full of palms, and then turned into a mirage and sprang, and caught the spear of the rifle tightly.At the same time, it was still a sudden sensation towards the breeze sword slowly rising up into the sky. Then a sharper and stronger Jian Qi suddenly appeared around the blade and the light wind sword was enveloped in it. The light flashed away, and the breeze sword in the sky broke through the air at an extremely fast pace. It passed through the young people's throat with a piercing wailing and eventually disappeared into the woods behind.    "what!"    "what!"At the same time, several screams came from the surrounding woods.With God's Imperial Sword, sword dust's life-saving stunts, he will not be able to display it easily at the last moment.