Chapter 95 Poor HarvestWith the help of the sword of God, Jian Chen killed young men with the power of the sages by surprise. Even the mercenaries who fled in the past escaped success and died in the hands of Jian Chen. .The silver-white light flashed out from the woods and flew toward sword dust at a lightning-fast speed. The sword dust reached out slightly and steadfastly greeted the silver-white light that flew toward him. In a short time, the road The silver-white light has come to a sudden stop in front of the sword dust, and is designated as a silver-white sword that exudes soaring air.When the sword dust reaches out to the handle of the breeze sword, the breeze sword body is full of sharp and full of sharp swords, and the sword is still in shadow, and then the whole breeze sword is suddenly in the hands of the sword dust. disappear.“Calling....” Jian Chen exhaled and took two successive battles, making him not so easy on the surface. After killing the Silver Wire Snake, he killed two powerful players. Such as the strong stage of his own sages, the consumption of the holy power in the dust of the sword dust is nearly depleted. If the tribe he practiced is not a generic product, the Holy Spirit's power in the body can reach unceasingly. Magical effect, I am afraid that after killing the gold silver snake, sword dust is also unable to deal with the next battle.Jian Chen slightly twisted his own body, just want to move the pace when walking, then holding the back of the wound suddenly came a burst of burning pain, a strong pain to the sword dust facial muscles are slightly *** few times.“It hurts!” Jian Chen secretly underestimated it, and immediately his thoughts moved. The powerful God immediately took control of the bright celestial power between heaven and earth toward his own quick gathering. Gradually, a layer appeared around the body of Jian Chen. The bright white brilliance, and with the constant increase of the brilliance of the light, the white brilliance is getting brighter and brighter. At the end of the two breaths, the white brilliance of the brilliance forms a dazzling brilliance. The milky rays of the light, though bright, are very soft and not dazzling.Bathed in the dazzling rays of milky white, the body of Jian Chen’s body is looming, it is difficult to see his appearance, and the deep bone wound on his back can be seen at a speed visible to the naked eye under the healing of the bright Holy Power. Recovered.In this bright and energetic package, a sense of relief emerged from the heart of Jian Chen. It quickly spread to his entire body, and he relied on the strength of sword dust. * It's up.Although Jian Chen had already displayed a bright sacred force under the poisonous spread of gold wire and silver serpents, the spirit of sword dust was completely tight at that moment and he was always careful to beware of gold silver snakes. So there is no way to feel the comfortable feeling brought by the shroud of light. At this moment, under the state of complete relaxation of spirits, Jian Chen realized that it was shrouded in light and was a very comfortable enjoyment.The light of the Holy Power only lasted for a moment and gradually dissipated, and the figure of Jian Chen reappeared in the line of sight.Dust dust twisted his own body, and then reached out and touched the original back of the wound, starting a smooth, in addition to the bloody clothes to the sword dust to bring a wet, he has completely felt Without any pain, the sword dust could not even find a scar on the previously injured part of the back.Satisfied nodded, the face of the sword dust could not help but a smile of happiness, this bright Holy power in healing this area, it really has an incredible magical effect, with this technology in the body, after the sword dust on the Tianyuan mainland The life-saving measures are also more substantial.However, at this moment, a sensation of vertigo suddenly appeared in the brain of Jian Chen. The head of Jian Chen shook his head slightly, but he was quickly stabilized. At the same time, a sense of fatigue suddenly struck the sword dust. The brain, at this moment, feels like an ordinary person who hasn't slept day and night. The spirit is seriously lacking, and he wants to immediately find a comfortable bed for a sleep."Oops, God's imperial sword and the sacred power that controls the heavens and the earth will cause great devastation to God. Now his God has apparently consumed too much." Jian Chen's heart sank, his heart whispered. At the same time, I understand in my heart that the use of these two abilities of God's imperial sword and gathering bright saints will be less effective. Otherwise, if one's own God consumes too much, it will have a very big impact on his own strength.But fortunately, although the loss of the god of sword dust is a little serious, but it has not yet reached the critical point, and has not caused much impact on his strength.Recovering from the space belt, a clean and clean garment was replaced. The sword dust swept away on the mercenaries lying on the floor and finally landed on the space belt around their waist. A trace of expectation came from The bright eyes flickered."I hope there are some good things inside." Jian Chen secretly thought. On Tianyuan, the vast majority of people place their own family members in their own carrying space belt. It can be said that in a space belt, it is very likely that the entire property of this person is contained, and of course, some of the strength is low. The mercenaries are poor and poor, and they don't have anything decent.Jian Chen did not move the space belts on the mercenaries, but quickly came to the front of the gold and silver wire snakes, took out the space ring from the arms and put the golden silver snake into the space ring.However, the body of the gold silver snake was too long. The sword dust took a long time to fully put the body of the golden silver snake into the space ring, and put the space ring on the chest again. The sword dust was a big relief, and the joy in the heart could not conceal it."The ten thousand drugs do not invade the body! Tens of thousands of poison does not invade the body!" Jian Chen's mind constantly recalled the book for the benefits of ten thousand poison does not invade the body, now he has a complete gold silver thread snake , Moreover, in addition to the previous part of the blood and blood of the snake, the blood of the silver wire snake was preserved in the body of the silver wire snake. It can be said that as long as there is sufficient time, the sword dust can completely With the blood of snakes and silver snakes, the blood snakes and gallbladders were trained in a special way to achieve a body that was poisonous and non-invasive.Slowly and calmly, Zhang Jian came to the mercenary's body and took the space belt from their waists. After finally confirming that they had no other items on their body, they slowly left. Here, disappeared in the jungle.After the sword dust was away from the place where he had previously fought, he randomly found a place to sit cross-legged and then took out the twenty-something space belts and started to clean up the items inside.There are a lot of things in the space belt. Most of them are living things that are necessary for survival in the wild. What quilts, tents, food, drinking water, and so on, occupy half of the space in the space. All are worthless things. Only the poor few gold coins and some silver coins are scattered in a corner of the space belt. However, this money is too lazy to look at.After successively turning up several space belts, Jian Chen did not find the same valuable things in these space belts. The things put in those space belts are all worthless supplies and drugs like healing medicines. There is not even a first-order magic nucleus.Jian Chen did not show the slightest disdainful look. He was also very clear that since the group of mercenaries were hunting the Wolves in the forest and earning money to earn a living, they were naturally less pitiable, and wanted to find them on them. What is before anything, I am afraid there are only some low-end magic nuclei.After turning over a dozen space belts in a row, the sword dust finally found a small pile of magic nuclei in a space belt. There were more than ten of them, but almost all of them were one or two.Jian Chen took the magic nucleus out of the space belt and continued to turn over the remaining space belt.Soon, twenty or twenty space belts were turned over by the sword dust. Jian Chen put these low-level space belts aside and looked at the small pile of magic nucleus in front of him and a few of them. Money, his face could not help but show a hint of helplessness.From these twenty space belts, he only found more than two dozen magic nuclei and a total of nearly a hundred purple gold coins, of which only one is the third-order among the more than two dozen magic nuclei. There are six of the second and the rest are all first-order magic nuclei.Wretched watching this magic nuclei, sword dust shook his head helplessly, crying and laughing and said: "This benefit is too low, with two Shengshi strength of the team, actually only to get such a magic nuclei, even My day's harvest is not as good as it was.” Later, Jian Chen put these magic nucleus and the few coins into his own space belt and got up and left.In the following days, Jian Chen continued to wander in the forest of Warcraft, but after the pursuit of gold and silver thread snakes, he now belongs to the depths of the mountains of Warcraft, where the presence of Warcraft, strength Almost all in the third-order up and down, second-order Warcraft has been rare.The third-order Warcraft, for the strength of the sword dust has broken through to the Holy One, the threat has been weakened a lot, although the killing is a bit laborious, but the harvest here is much richer than hunting second-order World of Warcraft because, The energy contained in a third-order magic nucleus is equivalent to ten times that of the second-order magic nucleus, and in terms of purity, it is also much higher than the second-order World of Warcraft, and is calculated by the consumption of sword dust required for cultivation today. A third-order magic nucleus is enough for him to use it for one night. However, the rate of consumption is still amazingly fast.In an instant, sword dust stayed in the forest of Warcraft for another ten days. During this ten-day period, sword dust was still hunting in the mountains during the day to kill World of Warcraft. At night, it was looking for a safe and hidden place to practice. After 10 days of cultivation, the strength of Jian Chen is also rising rapidly. Although his strength is still in the primary stage of the Holy Grail, he clearly feels that he is already far from the strength of the middle-level saints. Not far away.In this ten-day period, sword dust walked cautiously all day long in the mountains, specifically picking out the third-order World of Warcraft starters who were singles. During this period, Jian Chen once met a fourth-order World of Warcraft, but the fourth-order World of Warcraft. Mighty is still far from today's sword dust can contend, after less than ten rounds in hand, the sword dust will be seriously injured and fled away, and since then, Jian Chen also clearly understands the strength of the fourth-order Warcraft, therefore, Later, for a period of time, the sword dust was only for the third-order World of Warcraft, and the fourth-order World of Warcraft never provoked, once it was discovered immediately.