Chapter 96 Aventure in the RiverIn this ten-day period, the third-order Warcraft that was hunted by Jian Chen could not be counted in the number of Warcrafts he had hunted in the College of Kajas, but the harvest was also very large, with an average of one day. The third-order magic nucleus harvested by the sword dust is about twenty, and there are a few second-order magic nucleuses, and the three day-end magic nucleus required for the daily practice of sword dust is used to calculate his one-day harvest. He can support his seven-day cultivation.What Dian Chen did not know was because he walked alone in the Mountains of Warcraft, so the odds of meeting World of Warcraft were much greater than those of mercenaries who came in groups, because many of these types of Warcraft were inherently sensitive. The sense of smell and vigilance, but also born in the jungle, their shooting skills are also very good, once aware of the strength is too strong, and a large number of teams, those Warcraft is not careful shot up immediately run Far, although these World of Warcraft have no wisdom, these instincts to survive in the Mountain of Warcraft have already penetrated their minds.If you meet someone who is not strong enough and is a single person, after you think you can eat him, these hidden World of Warcraft will usually take the initiative to find the door, simply do not need you to deliberately find, Therefore, sword dust in this huge World of Warcraft, in order to meet so many World of Warcraft in a day's time.If it is not the "demon" of the sword dust, it would have been very powerful. It could subtly detect the movements around him. I am afraid that he was already attacked by some of Warcraft.Early the next morning, Jian Chen, sitting cross-legged and sitting under a big tree, slowly opened his eyes and stood up from the ground. He reached out and patted some of the dust on his body, and then looked at his own space. The magic core of the belt, this time he in the World of Warcraft forest to capture the magic of Warcraft have acquired a lot of, even if the consumption of these days to remove the cultivation, and now he still has a lot of inventory in the space ring."There are more than 50 second-order magic nucleus and more than 120 nucleus of the third-order magic nucleus." They counted their own space belt, and the sword dust nodded with satisfaction. Now he spends twenty nights in cultivation. Many second-order magic nucleus, the magic nucleus in the space belt is enough for his two nights of practice, and that more than one hundred and twenty three third-order magic nucleus is enough for him to practice forty nights, of course, if he is the whole Constantly absorbing the energy cultivating within the magic nucleus, these magic nucleus together, can only maintain his consumption of more than ten days."Well, there are two other fourth-order magic nucleus, one of which was awarded at Karjas College. One was sent to me when I left. The energy in the fourth-order magic nucleus is higher than the third-order magic nucleus. A lot higher, do not know a fourth-order magic nucleus, how long can they use. "Dark-dust thought, unconsciously, now he has the magic core, for any other mercenaries to come It is a great asset. However, in the eyes of the sword dust, this is only some food that can only maintain him for more than ten days of cultivation.Jian Chen looked at the fiery red sun that was rising slowly in the sky and identified the next position. He immediately did not eat breakfast and once again embarked on a journey, cautiously walking toward the outskirts of the Mountain of Warcraft.Now that dust has entered this piece of Warcraft Mountain Range for some time, the magic core in the space ring is enough for him to use some days, and after the consumption of these days, his body's supply is also running out, so now Jian Chen must go back to Wacker City to make some supplies. Moreover, the most important thing is that the gold wire silver serpent that the sword dust puts in the space ring must be urgently needed to deal with it. Otherwise, once it has been put on for long, nobody knows. Will there be some unforeseen circumstances, such as the decay of the body and many other factors, on these materials, sword dust has not been seen in books, so for the sake of insurance, Jian Chen intends to go gold wire earlier The snake was dealt with.In World of Warcraft, World of Warcraft is haunted everywhere, especially the bloody odor, which is very sensitive to them. It is unwise to deal with gold and silver thread snakes here. Therefore, With regard to the issue of gold silver thread snakes, sword dust will only be planned after returning to Wak City.The weeds in the Mountain of Warcraft are not only very dense, but there are many swamps on the ground covered by weeds. It is difficult to find them on the surface. Therefore, the sword dust is walking on the road and is also careful everywhere. In these days, the sword dust There have been several times in the swamp, but in the end he was successfully escaped.Because of the direction of the heavenly sun to recognize the direction, Jian Chen did not walk through any deviant route on the way out of the Mountain of Warcraft. After walking for two days, he finally managed to walk out of the Mountain of Warcraft and onto a plain outside the forest. In these two days, there are also some first and second-order magic nucleus in the sword dust space belt.Deep inhaled a few mouthfuls of this fresh air that is completely different from that of the Mountain of Warcraft. The sword dust looked down and looked at himself. This piece of clothing was made entirely from skins and the body was stenched and smelly. His face could not help. With a slight smile of whimper, this image of oneself is even worse than that. Unfortunately, there are not many sources of water in the Mountain of Warcraft, so the sword dust can not clean their body sweat.Not far away from the forest of Warcraft, there is just a river, the sword dust quickly found the river according to the memory of the time, and immediately flew off the skin of the body, a jump into the rapidly flowing river, refreshing Clear your own body.The sweaty odor that has accumulated on him all these days is already forming a coat of armor that covers him. Every time the sword dust moves, he feels extremely inapplicable. The body is greasy and sticky. He felt very uncomfortable with the feeling of being connected again, but because he was endured by the sword dust in the Mountains of Warcraft, at the moment he saw the river, he immediately couldn't help but jump.Jian Chen wraps the space belt around his neck. The whole person sinks into the water and happily stamps on his body. As his hands continue to poke, he sees the river around his body. Contaminated black.After cleaning his body, the sword dust did not leave the river, but the whole body lazily lay in the river, closed his eyes slightly, and let the pentium of rivers flush his body, and his spirit At this moment, I completely relaxed and enjoyed the cold pleasure brought by the river's flushing of the body. I was vigilant all the time in the Mountain of Warcraft, and the spirit of sword dust was also felt. A burst of fatigue, loosen down at the moment, the relaxed and comfortable feeling that came from the depths of the soul, let Jian Chen want a comfortable and deep sleep.Jian butt closed his eyes and lay lazily on the river water, bathed in the warm sunshine on the sky. The naked body continued to fluctuate along the undulating river and was slowly driven downstream by the river.The downstream of the river is just in the direction of WACKER. Therefore, Jian Chen completely treats this as a taxi. Not only can it hurry, but it can also enjoy this time.Jian Chen completely forgot about the time. He did not know how long the body he was lying on the surface of the water was driven by the flowing river. However, at this moment, Jian Chen felt that his head seemed to hit a soft object. And, from the feeling that comes from touching the head, when the sword dust clearly hits the soft thing in his head, this thing seems to move, and the Buddha is like a living thing."The living thing!" The drowsy brain of Dust’s drowsy brain slammed into a cleverness and became awake in an instant. Even the “Gods” that had precipitated themselves became active at this moment. All of them passed into the mind of Jian Chen. In a short time, he became highly concentrated from the drowsy state before. The eyes of Wei Chen’s original closed eyes flashed open and suddenly, two weak Shen Mang flashed away from his eyes. Then, the sword dust suddenly turned over. The body that had drifted on the river water immediately stood up and the whole body stood up. Standing in a river, it floats in the water. Only the upper body is exposed.However, just after the sword dust had just finished this action, a human face in close proximity appeared in his eyes. This is a woman's face. His appearance is overwhelming, it is perfect, his face is white. The skin is white and tender like a suet, and the refined facial features are flawless and flawless. They are not picky about the slightest fault, and the Buddha is the fairy of the heavens.Judging from the appearance of the woman who leaned over the city, she is not very old, about ten years old. At that moment, her dark, bright eyes are wide, with almost glazed eyes and sword dust. The pair of eyes is facing, and the pair of big ** on her chest is exposed to the air and is only a wide distance away from the sword dust's chest."Oops, this actually has a woman in the bath." The first time the sword dust awakened over, and his face immediately darkened down, the experience of the past, his knowledgeable and broad experience let him immediately understand what is going on.He never imagined that he was drifting down the river. He wanted to take this opportunity to take a rest and ease the spirit that has been highly concentrated in the mountains of Warcraft these days. Unconsciously, he was rushed to a river by the flowing water. The place where the woman bathed came.    "what!"As soon as the sword dust came to understand, the woman who was close to him and her eyes and eyes narrowed suddenly awakened, and a scream came out of her mouth."You're stinking."The woman's originally sluggish eyes filled with raging anger and indignation. He swiftly shouted, and then quickly leaped to the dust in the hands of Jian Chen and his short distance.    "bump!"When the sword dust did not reflect it, the woman's palm was already slyly printed on the sword dust. With a muffled sound, the body of the sword dust suddenly flew out of the water and was taken by the palm of the hand. In the air, a blood can not help but spray out from the mouth of Jian Chen.