Chapter 97 Mysterious Old ManAfter the sword dust was beaten by the woman, she flew more than twenty meters away from her body and then fell back into the river. She sank to the bottom of the water. A frightened look flashed through the eyes of the sword dust. The woman's palms contained The powerful energy that drew the dust from the sword dust had already caused him to suffer from light content. In the place where the palms were hit by palms, the bones from the place were accompanied by violent waves of pain. It must be broken.The sword dust arm in the water a stroke, directly out of the water leaping into the jungle on the other side of the river, then body flash, has come to a large tree behind the two together, the power of the Holy Spirit broke out, directly to the body of water droplets Evaporate dry, and then take a good step and unwind the space belt wrapped around the neck. Take out the last full set of clothes from the inside and quickly put it on the body.When the sword dust just put on clothes, suddenly, his face with a slight pale change, and immediately immediately forward to the side of a leap."Boom!"As soon as the sword dust just escaped, the big tree behind him was immediately burst and he saw only a powerful and pure Holy Power flying out of the scattered debris. In the place where he was standing, the bombardment of earthworms, as the earth turned, a large pit of two meters in diameter appeared in sight."You rogue, dare to sneak at me for a bath. I must kill you."With a burst of cries of the cries of the cry from a distance, a red shadow appeared in front of the sword dust at a very fast rate. The aqua blue sacred force, accompanied by a harsh piercing sound, flashed toward the sword dust.Feel the power of the powerful Holy Spirit contained in this palm, and the face of the sword dust suddenly changed dramatically. It became serious from what it wasn't, and then the turbulent flow of Holy Spirit came out and gathered in the right hand. On the left, the right hand immediately turns and crashes.    "bump!"As the two palms collided with each other, a drowsy sound erupted, and then a powerful enthusiasm was ejected from all sides of the two palms. The body of the sword dust plunged like a blow and crashed along the way. A few small trees flew and finally fell to the ground."Hey!" Just fell to the ground, but also a blood can not help but spray out from the mouth of Jian Chen, turned into a sky of blood spray in the air, and his face has become pale.Difficult to raise his head, Jian Chen looked at the opposite girl in disbelief. It was difficult for him to face the phenomenon. The opposite young girl who looked very young and had similar strength actually had such a powerful strength. With his estimation, the immediate The girls have at least the strength of the Great Teacher, because in the Warcraft Mountains in the sword dust and the sages of the strong hands of the stage, for their strength is well aware of the heart, with their current strength, already enough and the sages stage people positive Competing, and in front of the girl to the feeling of sword dust is a kind of invincible, invincible existence, the strength is much stronger than the Holy Master."Great Teacher!" Jian Chen swallowed hard. When he thought of the age of the girl and the strength she had, he could not believe it. In the College of Kargas, this school that has gathered all the genius of the kingdom of Gerson, I am afraid that there are still many people who are at the same age as the girl in the present, but they have not yet condensed the sacred soldier into the holy one.The young girl stepped toward the sword dust step by step, and if it was beautiful, it could be called an unparalleled beauty. At this moment it was filled with anger and indignation. The beautiful, smart eyes had lost what it was supposed to be. Charm, full of strong and intense extreme desperation, staring at the sword dust, seeing that kind of thing, put the Buddha can not wait to put the sword dust to thousands of swords.The young girl was wearing a pink leather coat and her clothes were a little messy. It was obviously put in a hurry, and there was no time for finishing. The long hair behind the waist was very casual and was covered in wet hair. Continuously, the water droplets dribbled down along the tip of the hair, and the leather garments on the body were infiltrated several times. The young girl walked step by step toward the sword dust, and the pair of pink and very well-kept small boots stepped silently. The sound of the foot stepped on the soil, each step, stepped on the ground a deep footprint. As the sacred power of the young girl's right-hand palm surged out, a three-finger wide, four-foot long blue sword gradually formed, and the strength of the Holy Spirit contained on the long sword made the sword dust Change color.The sword dust climbed up from the ground with difficulty. His right arm shook slightly. The girl's strength was too strong for him. Just when he and the girl's palms had caused him to suffer serious injuries to his entire right arm. .Jian Chen immediately controls the bright power between heaven and earth. He quickly treats injuries in the body without exposing the sacred power of the world. Because of the special nature of the Holy Power, sword dust does not occur in the absence of milky light. Worry about being seen by the powerful young lady opposite."Wait, this girl was just completely misunderstood. She didn't intentionally sneak at the girl's shower." Jian Chen's wry smile, and his heart was shocked by the strength of the girl."You rogue, shut up to me." The beautiful face of the girl is full of iron green, chest and fierce bully, apparently not light, said, step forward, the girls are pink, cute little The boots suddenly slammed into the armpit of sword dust.Jian Chen face a change, body slightly shaking, dangerous and dangerous escape this foot, at this time, the girl's sky blue long sword with a sacred force quickly squat down.The long sword swiftly swiftly came to the ground and quickly approached the front of the sword dust. The sword dust body twisted strongly and quickly evaded. However, when he was on his chest, he was still a long sword to spend a long time. In the long wounds, the wounds were opened at two places and the bones were visible in the deep. The red blood was like a fountain. The turbulent rogue rushed out and quickly dyed the sword dust for a good blood.It was too late to care for the wounds on her chest, and she resisted the burning pain from her chest. The sword dust regressed and she quickly distanced herself from the girl. At the same time, the slender light wind sword shines in his hands. Although Jian Chen looked at the girl's body, it was not his intention at all. He had apologized three or four times. However, even if the young girl was still aggressive, he recruited him to death, which also aroused the anger of the sword dust.The girl did not intend to let this dust out of the sword. She quickly caught up with the sword, and the blue long sword with a sacred sacred force thrust toward the sword dust.The sword dust blew coldly and a flash of Hanmang flashed in his eyes. Although the girl did more strength than he did, he was not the one who shuffled, and then the arm trembled. The light wind sword was driven by the arm, and in the air A silvery white afterglow was left, and it leaped toward the girl's throat at lightning speed.This sword is already the fastest speed the sword dust can reach. Faced with too much strength in the girl too much of him, Jian Chen did not dare to hide in the slightest, a shot is to go all out, and the face of the girl's sword attack, Jian Chen actually does not flash dodge.As the aqua blue sword was about to stab the body of Jian Chen, Jian Chen’s body twisted slightly, making the long sword that had originally pierced the heart pierced under the left shoulder of the sword, and the light wind sword in the hands of the sword dust. Has arrived in the throat of the young girl.At this moment, the girl's face even showed a flustered look, and a loud sound of exclamation was heard in the mouth. Then she twisted his neck and tried to escape the long sword that stabbed his throat. , but in her neck, there has been a faint trace of blood.A slight soreness came from the neck, and even in the eyes of the young girl, there was a hint of panic, and in that bright, big eye, there was a fearless look.Seeing this, the sword dust sneer at heart, in front of the girl's strength is stronger than himself, but obviously too lack of fighting experience, did not experience cruel combat, and now when it comes to danger, it was flustered.However, the sword dust did not intend to let this girl pass, the intense pain from the chest made the sword dust more hot, and the breeze sword turned into a vague afterimage of the girl.The look on the girl's face was even more flustered. However, when the light wind sword was about to stab on her body, suddenly, the stature of the girl suddenly disappeared in front of the sword dust, and when it appeared again, it had been strangely appeared in more than ten Outside the meter, it is just like the magic of teleportation.The dust in the heart of the sword was startled. A pair of eyes looked at the girl who was more than a dozen meters away from her eyes. But when he found the girl's slightly pale face, she wanted to display such a quick body and she would also create a pole. Large consumption."Is this also a special kind of combat skills!" Jian Chen secretly thought."You bastard, you're actually working on this lady. This lady must not let you off."Being so devastated by a person whose strength is far worse than herself, the young girl is irritated and angry. With a sweet pleasant voice, the girl's long blue sword glows loudly, and the powerful Holy Power emerges from the body. Out, take a look at the aqua blue sword in your hand.The young girl held up her sword and shouted: "The first type of water is the water dragon!" When the voice just fell, the power of the sacred sacred sword that was put together in the maiden's hand suddenly turned into a groggy one. The dragon then broke through the shackles of the sword and rushed toward the sword dust.Jian Chen’s face changed slightly, because just as the obscure Dragon just got out of the shackles of the Long Sword, a strong pressure came from the water dragon, pressing tightly against his own body and suddenly The sword dust feels like he is burdened with a huge rock with a huge weight. Not only does he have to struggle, even breathing is very difficult.Jian Chen’s face has changed greatly, and his current state cannot escape this water dragon’s attack. The only way is to fight against the water dragon. However, when he feels the power of the sacred sacredness contained in the water dragon, the heart is A bit of anguish, such a powerful attack, is far from what he can do now."This oxazole is compelling, then don't blame me for killing the flowers!" In the eyes of Jian Chen, Li Mang flashed. The light breeze sword in his hand suddenly gushed out a strong and full of sharp swordsmane, and the entire blade Wrapped in it, afterwards, the light breeze sword escaped from the palm of the sword dust and was designated as a sacred mount. It flew at a lightning speed toward the girl. The speed was too fast for the naked eye to see. In an instant, it came. In front of the girl, the sharp sword on the tip of the sword made the girl's neck feel slightly painful.The young girl was frightened by the embarrassment. She had previously used her secret law to escape the attack of sword dust. At the moment, she spent a lot of Holy Power to send this trick to collect the fighting skills of the water dragon. Under the intensive consumption, the Holy Power in her body is already in An empty state, in the face of the light breeze sword she has no power to dodge.In a hurry, the young girl immediately controlled the water dragon flying to Jian Chen and stopped the light wind sword. Suddenly, the water dragon that had originally flown to Jian Chen suddenly turned around, and followed the light wind sword in the past. Opened and thought of a breeze sword bite.However, the speed of the breeze sword is far less than that of the water dragon. In this case, the water dragon directly bit the air. At this time, the Breeze Sword is less than one meter away from the girl's neck."Bold, dare to do it for the lady!"At this critical moment, an old voice of anger shouted from heaven, and the sound was voluminous. It reverberated around the entire sky. With the voice, a tall figure seemed to appear out of nowhere and suddenly appeared before the girl. Just in front of the light wind sword.This is an old man. The old man's body is very burly. It is only two meters away from the height. The old man wears a white robe and the long hair behind him is bound by a clue of jade color. Behind the head. The old man's age appears to be about sixty years old. A pair of white thick eyebrows is accompanied by a deep and fierce gaze that actually gives a sharp feeling like a sword.Looking at the swift-breathing sword, the old man's eyes showed a disdainful look, and then a cold bang, a pair of solid and powerful palms did not know when it had been lifted into the air, only with two fingers caught the rush The light wind sword, and the light wind sword on the strong and full of Jianmang, actually can not hurt the old man.Then, the old man waved another hand and he was facing the water dragon that was facing the girl. The rushed body came to an abrupt end. The next moment, it dissipated out of thin air, turning into a pure return to the spirit. Between heaven and earth."Wind uncle, help me to kill him!" Looked at this sudden emergence of the old man, the girl's face did not show the slightest surprised look, immediately Jiaojiao Road, that angry tone, actually with a trace of grievances.The old man did not bother with the young girl. His eyes remained on the light wind sword he had clamped in his left hand. His eyes flashed with a surprised look. Then he turned to look at the sword dust and sang: “What is your name, master? who is it."