Chapter 98 Reinvented"Wind uncle, what are you doing with him so much nonsense? Quickly kill me for him." The teenage girl standing behind the old man hurriedly said, in the big bright eyes filled with raging sky, a hint of water has gradually appeared. In the fog, as soon as I thought that my own body had been seen by the sword dust, and the nakedness of the girl’s heart was felt, the girl’s heart felt an overwhelming anger and extreme. The indignation and indignation are still a little wronged, but this is the first time she has been seen by a boy since childhood, and she is still a strange boy whom he does not know. This is a girl who has always been conservative. It's almost worse than killing her."Haha, miss, since you are undeserved by your uncle, let your uncle of cloud help you to teach this kid who dared to bully you." At this moment, another sound rang in silence, and the voice did not fall. It was an old man in a white robe who seemed to appear out of nowhere. Suddenly he appeared in front of Jian Chen's body. A vigorous and powerful palm waved at will and slammed it against the sword dust.The strength of the old man is completely unfathomable in the eyes of the sword dust. In the face of this palm, the sword dust does not dare to have the slightest effect, immediately do his best to dodge alongside, and then, when the body of the sword dust just moved, A huge and terrible pressure suddenly appeared. The pressure on the dust of the sword dust was oppressed by this enormous pressure. The internal organs of the sword dust were carrying a huge force of tens of thousands of kilograms. Like, not only did he breathe harder, but even the internal organs seemed to be crushed.While the sword dust was under such great pressure, his purple and green spots in Dantianzhong began to flicker and flicker. However, for the change of the two spots of purple and blue in his own Dantian, sword dust Did not find it."Cloud old man, and slow!" Looked at the old man who had already started to the sword dust. The old man who was called by the young woman of the wind became slightly changed. He shouted low and shouted.Unfortunately, he was already too late to speak. The seemingly casual hand of the veteran who claims to be an uncle of the cloud has already been accurately printed on the sword dust with lightning speed.A piece of blood mixed with crushed entrails rushed out from the mouth of Jian Chen. The old man directly drew the chest of the sword dust and drew it in. This strong palm power not only crushed the bones of the sword dust chest. Even the internal organs of the sword dust are shattered by the palm of the old man's palm.In the moment that the sword dust was hit by the old man, a faintly visible light from the eyes of Zi Zi and Qing Zhao flickered from his chest, and after touching the palm of the old man gently, they disappeared in a flash and the sword dust disappeared. The body was also blown out by the smash."Oh!" The old man's face changed slightly, whispered, and his eyes were filled with astonishment and looked at the sword dust that had flew out. His eyes revealed a trace of disbelief and a very strange look.The sword dust flew over a distance of more than 30 meters before it crashed and fell to the ground. The blood of large mouths and mouths was mixed with the viscera that had been broken into powder and spewed out of the mouth constantly. The face was pale, like paper. A trace of blood, even the look has shrunk.Looking at the sword dust that had not yet died, the eyes of the veteran who was called by the girl as a cloud uncle blinked. Finally he said, “Good boy, your life is really big, and I’m not dead, but it’s just my death. For the time being let you go.” Say, the old man turned and turned toward the girl behind him."Oh, I hope you don't mess with anything too much." The old man who was standing by the maiden was whispered whispered by the young woman, called the wind. Then he waved his left hand, and he used two of them. The light breeze sword caught by the fingertips immediately flew away toward the sword dust, and when it touched the body of sword dust, it suddenly disappeared."Miss, let's go." Then, a loud hawk screech out in the mouth of the old man, who was called the wind and uncle, and saw a huge-sized flying animal descending from heaven and landed in front of the two people.The anger on the girl's face was still not faded, and the tone was a little eager: “The wind is uncle. The man is not dead yet. No, today I must kill him.” Then, the young girl raised her sword and walked towards the sword dust. , apparently do not want to bypass the sword dust to peek at her bath."Miss, don't make a fuss." The old man, who was called the wind uncle, immediately reached out and stopped the girl.“The wind is uncle!” The girl does not follow, and the beautiful appearance is full of grievances at this moment. The water in the eyes is filled with water. Seeing that way, the Buddha will cry at any time."Miss, don't be involuntarily. Now it's not too soon. We should continue on our way." At this time, another old man came to the young girl and said in an opening tone, the tone was very dull and he said, the old man gently. With a wave, a mighty Holy Power wraps around the girl's body and sends her on the back of flying Warcraft.On the back of the flying World of Warcraft, the young girl jumped swiftly and glared at the old man who sent her to Warcraft. Air: "Uncle Yun, how can you not even hurt you?"The two old men stared at each other, eyes showing a hint of helplessness, then jumped to the flying World of Warcraft at the same time, suddenly, the wind raging, flying World of Warcraft stunned the pair of big wings and flew toward the horizon.In the sky, the teenage girl stood on the back of the flying World of Warcraft and looked at the sword dust that was lying on the ground and was constantly shrinking. The look of resentment in the eyes still did not dissipate."Wind uncle, cloud uncle, what happened to both of you, why did you let that gossip." The teenage girl was guilty and indignant, his face was grieved, and the tears in his eyes were already spinning.It was heard that the old man who was called the wind-mailer sighed. When they saw the well-worn hair from the young girl, it was not difficult to guess what had just happened."Miss, that person is not simple, now the family is facing enormous pressure. In this section, we still don't want to erect more foreign enemies, so as not to bring disaster to the family." Feng Bobo said, his voice is full of helplessness. ."When the wind was uncle, when did you become so timid and afraid of death? The weak power of that bastard could have threatened our family." The girl gasped."Miss, that person is indeed not simple, we better not to offend, although he is very weak, but behind him, there must be a powerful force." Talking is the name that had previously hit the sword dust The young woman called it the old man of the cloud uncle. At the moment the old man's face was serious and seemed to worry about something. Immediately afterwards, the old man slowly lifted the right hand wrapped in his long sleeve gown and saw it on the palm of his hand. He had two deep wounds. Although the blood had stopped, he could still see that the old man's right hand was on the palm of his hand. This wound, from the palm to the back of the palm, has been completely pierced by a sharp weapon.When the girl saw the shocking wound on the old man's palm, a cherry-like mouth was suddenly large, a pair of beautiful eyes did not blink, staring at the old man with an incredible gaze. The palm of the hand exclaimed: "Uncle cloud, you...you...you are hurt." The girl's tone is full of surprise and can't believe it.The name uncle was also a change in his face, his low voice exclaimed: "You are actually injured in the old cloud." The tone was full of incredible questions.Yun Bobo slowly nodded and said: "This wound is the boy who was in his early twenties and left me.""How is this possible, Yun Bobo, you are not kidding, the bastard's strength is so weak, even I can not beat, how could hurt you." The young girl jumped up, exclaimed loudly."The old man in the cloud, how did you come from this hand wound in your palm," said Wind Bobo, and his voice was full of doubts.The old man in the cloud was also sulky and said, “I don’t know. When I was hitting that person in my hand, my palms came with a huge pain and I was hurt. What was it? I was totally unaware of the injury.After listening to this, Yunbobo took a cold sip and murmured: “This boy is not simple. When I first saw his sacred soldier, I already guessed that his sacred soldier also Differently, the ordinary people are completely different. There seems to be more in them, making the power of the sacred forces even stronger, and it is completely incompatible with the strength of his own.”The girl who stood on the side was stunned by the words of Yunbo."Fortunately, the boy was not killed. Otherwise, if there is really a strong force behind him, then I provoke a big trouble for the family. Now I just hope that the force behind the boy is not too strong, or He's just a lucky kid who got his true biography."Not far from the river, the sword dust is lying on the ground without power. The clothes on the body have been dyed bright red with blood. The old man's palms make the injury to the sword dust very serious. Not only the bones in the chest are The smashing of the earthquake, even the internal organs, has been greatly traumatized and almost crushed. Now, besides the mind of the sword but still awake, the body can't move, and this time, you can It is the most serious injury he suffered since he grew up. If he was extraordinary in practicing the mind and heart and since he was a child, he used the power of the Holy Spirit to make the body's quality and vitality far more than ordinary people, I am afraid that the old man's palm , you can directly let him die.The bright celestial power between the heavens and earth surged up and began to gather quickly toward the sword dust. Soon, the dust of the sword dust was enveloped by a thick milky ray, and the light from the body pores continued to shine with the Holy Power. Into the body, the injury of the dust inside the sword is also rapidly improving.