Chapter 99 Back to WagramThe bright power of the heavens and earth gathered constantly toward the sword dust, quickly treating the injuries in the dust of the sword dust, but because the sword dust was really hurt this time, so even if there is a light sanctuary with healing and healing effects In the short term, it is very difficult to recover the injuries in the body.Controlling the light of the Holy Spirit on the god of sword dust is also very large. After about two hours, the god of sword dust has consumed nearly seven layers, making him have to stop. Now, because God has consumed too much, Jian Chen’s head came with a violent sensation of dizziness, making his eyes tired and drowsy, as if an ordinary person had not slept for three days and three nights, and he could not afford any spirit.After these two hours of treatment, the injuries in the dust from the sword dust also recovered by a half. The broken internal organs were nourished by the brilliance of the Holy Power. Although they did not recover, the shattered parts had already regenerated. The only ones that are under the chest that have completely broken bones are more troublesome.Because the chest injury is very serious, the broken bones have already been stabbed in the meat, so that if the dust of the sword dust moves slightly, it will involve the cut wounds on the chest. The bones are sore and painful in the flesh. It is the most severe destruction of the human brain, so that the sword dust does not want to experience too much inhuman torture, simply, sword dust directly lying on the grass, slowly closed his eyes and began to slow The recovery of the God who consumed too much, but fortunately the sword dust completely completely familiarized with the contents of the purple sword, and it just recorded a “reform” method, using this “reform” method, The overly destructive god of sword dust began to slowly recover.Jian Chen once lay on the grass one day and one night. His body did not move, and his closed eyes never broke.The time passed in a hurry, and in the evening, the afternoon came. At that moment, the fierce sun in the sky had ran to the west. The light that had radiated from the first heat became mild, and the sun was going down.At this time, Jian Chen, who had been on the ground and had not moved every day and night, slowly opened his eyes. After this day and night's recovery, his over-destructive god finally completely added it back.Looked at the sky, Jian Chen did not hesitate, immediately immediately control the bright Holy Power again, began to treat his chest.With the steady flow of the Holy Power into the chest of the sword dust, his bones, which had almost completely shattered, began to reconnect. However, at a very slow pace, after two hours, the sword dust was once again exhausted due to the desolation of God. Do not disperse the bright power.However, after these two hours of treatment, although the injury of Jian Chen's chest was not fully restored, but it was also a good seven layers, and his actions have not been affected, and simply, the sword dust sat up directly, sitting cross-legged and knees. On the grass, continue to restore the depleted God with the methods recorded in the book of repose.Although this place is not far from WACKER, it is very conspicuous for Jian Chen to think that the dazzling white light that he is exerting to use the bright light of his power is very conspicuous. It will be very inconvenient to treat in WACKER City, although it is very bright. Because of their particularity, only those who are bright and energetic can feel it, but in the city of Wak, who can guarantee that there is no bright teacher, once they are discovered that they can control the light of the Holy Power, with the light of the Holy The division’s rarity and preciousness on the Tianyuan continent may not be missed when people come to invite themselves, but if that is the case, there will undoubtedly be exposure to the people, even though this may temporarily bring them to the public. No small glory, not even the magic nucleus that he needs for cultivation, need to worry about it. However, Jian Chen does not want to reveal beforehand that he can control the sacred power of the light like a bright teacher. Because he always has An intuition that if he has always concealed the things of a bright future, he will certainly bring great help to him in the future.After three days of treatment, the injuries in Jian Chen finally recovered. Then Jian Chen left here and walked for a few kilometers. He came to the official road and walked down the official road to Wake City.The caravans on the official road continued to have caravans and a large number of mercenaries who were fully armed or covered in blood. Although Jian Chen was walking alone on the official road, it did not cause any particular concern, even though his clothes had two knifes. Traces and blood were stained with blood red, but his dress like this in the eyes of mercenaries who walk on Tianyuan mainland all the year round is just a normal thing. It can be found almost anywhere, not how fresh.Walking on the official road, the dust in the brain of the sword once again emerged in the scene that occurred in the river three days ago, especially when he was facing a distance from the naked girl whose face was full of glory. In the case of Jian Chen, the impression can be described as profound. For even if he adds up his past and present lives, he has never met such a thing. Even three days ago, he saw the jade body of the girl for the first time. This is especially a beautiful woman.However, when the sword dust thinks of the powerful power that the woman has displayed, she feels an incredulity in her heart because the woman's age seems to be ten years old, up to twenty years old. Compared with him, he is almost the same, but at such an age, he has strong strength that is not weaker than the Great Teacher. Such talents make the sword dust feel embarrassed.Soon, the sword dust entered Wak City, and the guards waiting for the city gate saw Jian Chen as alone, and there were bloods left from the battle. Therefore, they did not charge anything to the sword dust. These guards are often greedy. Money, but their greedy objects are targeted.After entering the city of WACKER, the sword dust did not wander around and went directly to a hotel to stay. Then he immediately began to practice. Although he had already advanced from the saint to the strength of the Holy One for more than a month, he did This is still not enough strength in Tianyuan mainland self-protection, and the strength of the girl three days ago showed that not only gave the sword a lot of touch, but also gave the sword dust a strong impulse to rush.Jian Chen paid ample room to spend a full ten days in this hotel. During this ten-day period, Jian Chen did not step out of the house. He stayed in the room all day and absorbed the magic nucleus. The energy began to cultivate, and even the meal was called the shop two directly to the room.During this 10-day period of cultivation, the strength of Jian Chen has also been greatly improved. It has reached the strength of the middle-level saints. The strength of the Holy Spirit in the body is nearly twice as strong as that of the first-time saints. The power of the Holy Spirit in his body has been increased. The power of his sacred sword has also grown a lot. Even the degree of hardness has become harder than before.After the practice of day and night for ten days, the third-order magic nucleus in the space of the sword dust has been used up, leaving only two fourth-order magic nucleus.The sword dust got out of bed and came to the window to look at the sky outside. Because it was spent all day in cultivation, now the dust of the sword is indistinguishable from time to time. Only relying on the sun in the sky to judge an approximate time.At this moment, the sun was shining outside, and the sky was cloudless. The hot sun was hanging high in the air, emitting a hot temperature, and officially noon time."Now, it is time to deal with the gold and silver thread snake thing, and ten thousand poison does not invade the body, it is very much looking forward to ah." Watching the endless stream of people outside the street, Jian Chen murmured.