
  
Chapter 155: Killing a Great Saint Master (Two)

Without any fear, Jian Chen charged forward with his Light Wind Sword and once more clashed fiercely with the elder.
This time, Jian Chen had used his entire strength and Profound Steps to clash against the elder. Using his Light Wind Sword to stab at the elder continuously, he simultaneously dodged each and every strike from his opponent. From the beginning of this new round, he had avoided clashing his weapon with the elder’s, and it was only when it was impossible to dodge that he used his sword to defend.
The Elder’s control over his dagger was superb, and it was almost as if he had reached the absolute pinnacle with his weapon. Almost as if each strike was an act of perfection, the dagger always flew straight toward Jian Chen’s heart.
The two fighters traveled back and forth throughout the area, their movements had kicked up a strong breeze. Already, the breeze was starting to become a strong gale that threatened to uproot the surrounding grass and send it flying into the air. 
The two continued to go at each other, but under the fine control of Jian Chen, his own Saint Weapon had rarely crashed against the elder’s dagger. With each passing moment, the elder was getting more and more depressed, he was feeling a deep pit of anger within himself. His strength was clearly higher than that of his opponent, but because his opponent had the slight advantage in speed and also boasted a superior reaction time, there were plenty of times when the elder was unable to find a solution to do anything. There were also many times where even with his Saint Master strength, the terrifyingly fast speed of the sword had left the elder at a critical junction between life and death.
“Little baby, you call yourself a male yet you fight an elderly person without hesitation to such a degree. Just what point is there to that?” The elder barked out with anger as he couldn’t handle this battle any longer.
Hearing this, Jian Chen had a small smile on his face, “To try to get an easy and short merit, this was an unwise choice, do you think I am that foolish?”
The elder was temporarily stunned without saying a word. A flash of killing intent quickly passed through his eyes as he quickly leaped toward Jian Chen once more with his dagger ready to kill him.
Knowing that the elder no longer had any idea of letting him live, Jian Chen’s eyes flashed with a tint of coldness before increasing his speed by a notch. The amount of Sword Qi in the air intensified and looked as if the entire area was covered within its shroud which made it almost impossible for the two to find each other. 
With the increased amount of strength on Jian Chen’s part, the amount of pressure on the elder was increased many times over. Despite being a Great Saint Master with a good amount of speed, he was unable to match Jian Chen in almost any aspect and was constantly put in a state of panic.
“Whoosh!”
At the same time, a Sword Qi sharpened blade came out of the mist abruptly. The elder simply had no time to react and so the sharp sword immediately cut through his right arm at the wrist.
The pain from losing his right hand caused the elder to be stunned. Yet while he was stunned, the Light Wind Sword had quickly flashed toward the elder’s figure.
The elder quickly held his dagger in his other hand in front of him to act as a form of defense as he tried to retreat backward.
Suddenly, before he could get far, the elder came to a screeching halt as a bloody sword stabbed straight through his throat and protruded underneath his chin. 
He didn’t know how or when Jian Chen had gotten behind him only that his Light Wind Sword had already stabbed straight through his throat, landing a killing blow.
The elder’s dazed eyes viewed the sword in his throat with a look of pure disbelief. He was utterly confused on how Jian Chen could sneak behind him without him noticing.
Yet, the questions the elder had would never be answered as his body slowly locked up and fell to the ground. Both of his eyes grew wide and clouded over as a sign of death.
Jian Chen pulled out his sword with a breath of air escaping from his lips. Fighting this Great Saint Master had cost him a large amount of his energy, and after this fight, he was starting to breathe heavily.
Absorbing his Light Wind Sword into his body once more, he looked at the elderly figure on the floor. With a small sigh, he muttered, “To have dozens of years of cultivation destroyed in a single day, ai, there was no need for that. If only you didn’t have greed seduce your heart into attacking me, you wouldn’t have ended up like that.” With that said, Jian Chen bent over to pick up the Space Belt on the elder and began to take out every item from within.
The amount of monster cores within the elder’s Space Belt didn’t number more than the amount Jian Chen had; only having around 50 monster cores in total. However, the lowest ranked monster core was a Class 2 Monster Core, there was not a single Class 1 Monster Core in sight. Over half were Class 2 Monster Cores and 20 Class 3 Monster Cores. There was also a single Class 4 Monster Core. Aside from the monster cores, Jian Chen also counted around 70 purple coins worth of money.
After storing the monster cores and purple coins within his Space Belt, Jian Chen turned over the Space Belt within his hand once more before realizing there was a piece of white fur within it.
This piece of white fur was about the size of his palm. It was soft to touch and seemed extremely cozy to hold; there was also a warm sensation to it.
“This piece of fur…” Jian Chen stared at the fur in his hand with some shock. Immediately throwing the Space Belt to the ground, he dove into his own Space Ring from within his Space Belt and took out a red embroidered pouch.
This red pouch was the memento and family heirloom of the Bi Clan that was handed down to him from his mother Bi Yuntian.
Jian Chen’s fingers nimbly opened up the pouch to take out the piece of white fur from within. His hands began to shake as he unfolded the piece of fur, only to see that the one from within the red pouch was also the size of his palm.
As Jian Chen compared the two pieces of fur closely, his eyes widened more and more in shock. That was because these two pieces of fur were almost identical, even the texture of the fur was the same. From the looks of things, it was almost as if the two pieces of fur came from one single piece that was cut into multiple parts.
“This is…” Jian Chen’s eyes looked back to the elder’s resting body once more as his heart began to beat. The piece of fur from within the red pouch was the family heirloom of the Bi Clan. To this day, the heirloom must have been well over 100 years old, and although he didn’t know what use this piece of fur was for, the antiquity and price for it was clearly self evident. To be treasured by the Bi Clan whose accumulated strength had been wiped out in a single night, it was simple to see that this piece of fur would surely have a high price. At this moment, to unexpectedly find an identical piece of fur from this Great Saint Master of an elder, Jian Chen couldn’t help but wonder who this elder was.

  

