
  
Chapter 181: Few Against Many

Now that the situation had escalated to this, Jian Chen knew that aside from a body search, there was no other way they would believe him. If they searched him, they would look in his Space Belt, and that could not be allowed to happen! Excluding the two Class 5 Monster Cores lying peacefully within, if they were to discover his Space Ring, Class 4 Monster Cores, and the large amount of purple coins, then the hearts of everyone here would harbor wicked thoughts.
Jian Chen knew that hiding anything was useless at this point. Although there were many people here, he was still not afraid.
He took a look around himself, with so many strong people that could easily capture him releasing such a strong amount of Qi, he began to laugh, “Since everyone has figured it out, I don’t need to hide it anymore. You are correct, the Class 5 Monster Cores are on my body. But I only have these 2 monster cores; how does everyone here plan to share the monster cores with so many people?”
Jian Chen’s words caused everyone present to grow hesitant. The Class 5 Magical Beasts were precious, but the Class 5 Monster Cores were undoubtedly even more precious; no one was willing to give them up so easily. They knew in their hearts as well that there were only two Class 5 Monster Cores, and there were at least 10 different powers here. Each side was a major power in their respective area with very little gaps between them all, so splitting the 2 monster cores among them would be a huge problem.
In a moment, the atmosphere around Jian Chen had become strange. Everyone’s eyes began to turn cold as every single person who had been festive a moment ago suddenly gained a killing intent.
However, this atmosphere didn’t last long before an elderly voice broke the silence, “Sire Wu Yun, the issue of how to split the monster cores is something that we’ll naturally discuss later. There is no need for you to worry about it. For now, just bring out the Class 5 Monster Cores.”
Jian Chen turned towards the one that spoke, only to see a relatively short, white robed elder. He only reached up to Jian Chen’s chest, and his face was full of wrinkles. But beneath those wrinkles lay eyes that shone brightly.
The elder’s voice was relatively calm, but the meaning behind his words carried some ill intent. Jian Chen coldly laughed as he replied, “Elder, I apologize, but I will keep these two Class 5 Monster Core. They aren’t for sale!” Jian Chen emphasized the last sentence extremely strongly with hesitation, leaving no room for further discussion.
The moment everyone heard that Jian Chen wasn’t going to sell the monster cores, everyone’s expressions suddenly changed, and looked at Jian Chen with cold gazes. Quite a few people didn’t even bother to conceal their strong killing intents. If it weren’t for the fact that over 10 powers were simultaneously targeting the Class 5 Monster Cores, making the situation more complicated, these people probably wouldn’t have bothered speaking to Jian Chen politely; they would’ve taken the initiative to take them by force ages ago. Spending money to purchase the Class 5 Monster Cores wasn’t their original intention at all.
“Honorable Wu Yun, those two Class 5 Monster Cores will only bring you trouble if they remain in your possession, and may even be the cause of your death. You had better choose carefully.” A golden robed, refined-looking youth who looked to be around 30 years old said. This man was from the Mutian clan.
“That’s correct, Sire Wu Yun, it wouldn’t be proper for the Class 5 Monster Cores to remain in your possession. You should sell them to us.” A Jialuo clan member said.
Soon after that, every other clan began to demand for Jian Chen to sell the cores, but no one mentioned a price.
Jian Chen knew all too well just how precious these Class 5 Monster Cores were. Since he had tens of thousands of purple coins in his Space Belt, he had no shortage of money. Thus, he had absolutely no desire to sell them.
Jian Chen cupped his hands together in an apologetic manner, “Gentlemen, I am truly sorry. This one won’t be selling the monster cores. There are some important matters this one must attend to, so this one won’t be accompanying everyone any longer.” With that, Jian Chen turned to leave with a casual and carefree face, but he had long since prepared himself to be ready to strike at any second.
“Hmph, you’ve refused to drink the toast, so drink the wine of punishment!”
Jian Chen’s course of action had angered many of the men there, and instantly, those of the Saint Master level immediately charged toward Jian Chen in an attempt to seize him.
The movements of these men were like the fuse to a fire. The very moment they charged at Jian Chen, people from each clan immediately followed suit. Some of the people charged at Jian Chen, while some were blocking the others trying to steal from Jian Chen.
At this moment, everyone knew in their hearts that if they wanted a Class 5 Monster Core, the best way to obtain one would be to steal it from Jian Chen. Every single Great Saint Master expert had already seen that Jian Chen’s strength was only at the Peak Saint Master level. To the clans, this type of strength could only be classified as “not bad”, so there was absolutely no need to worry about him.
Seeing the people come at him, Jian Chen faintly sneered, and a killing intent flashed in his eyes. Despite these clansmen having strong powers supporting them that shouldn’t be provoked, if he were to let these men bully him without retaliating, then he wouldn’t dare call himself Jian Chen. He was not a man who was afraid of getting involved in trouble.
His silver Light Wind Sword appeared instantly in his right hand as it flashed with a silver glow. In another instant, it flew lightning fast towards the people that charged at him.
Because of the sword’s extremely fast speed, those men that were only at the Saint Master level hadn’t anticipated his sword coming at them with such blinding speed. They could barely catch a glimpse of the sword. By the time they were finally able to react, the Light Wind Sword had already ruthlessly pierced their throats. Not a single person was able to evade it.
After reaching the Peak Saint Master level, Jian Chen’s inner strength and essence had swiftly improved. Any Saint Master opponent, unless they had the wind Saint Force, would not be able to dodge his attacks.
In the blink of an eye, a few Saint Master experts had died to Jian Chen’s sword. With this sudden display of battle strength, those who had wanted to rob Jian Chen of his monster cores suddenly turned pale with fright before becoming even more vigilant. Carefully holding their Saint Weapons in front of them, they continued to slowly approach Jian Chen.
Even after killing those few men, Jian Chen continued to move forward with his course of action. His feet stepped across the ground with a speed of a demon as he disappeared from sight. The next time he reappeared, he was already 3 meters ahead of where he used to be, and was running toward the furthest person who wanted to steal from him.

  

