
  
Chapter 172: The Start of the Auction

By this point, Phoenix City was a city full of the rich and the poor mixed together because of the news of the Class 5 Beast. It had not only attracted the influential people from the city, but the outside powers as well.
At the same time, the area around the Heavenly Phoenix Auction House had become strange. Almost every day, various dressed up people would linger around the auction house, and there would always be a pair of eyes closely watching people enter and exit the auction house.
Although the Heavenly Phoenix Auction House had tried to keep the matter of what exactly was being sold a secret, it was like trying to contain a fire with paper. After every influential power had looked into the matter, most of the details about the two Class 5 Magical Beasts and their origins had been found out by the day before the auction.
There were two Class 5 Magical Beasts bodies without their monster cores and a mysterious man that had to be an Earth Saint Master at the very least.
This was all the information that every influential power could find out.
Although this was something outside of their expectations, it didn’t weaken their excitement over the Class 5 Magical Beasts.
In a restaurant in Phoenix City, a few middle aged men sat gathered together in a somewhat cramped room.
“Keep looking! I order everyone to look into this! We must find out who is responsible for these two Class 5 Magical Beasts! The Class 5 Monster Cores are definitely with him! Tomorrow when the auction starts, that man will definitely show up, so have someone look at anyone that enters the auction house closely!” A white robed, middle aged man commanded.
…….
In a luxurious manor in Phoenix City, a dignified person looked down over the other middle aged men and elders sitting at the table. “Right now, the news of the Class 5 Magical Beast has already been confirmed. Although they’re only the bodies without the monster cores, their prices will still be very high. It is said that eating the meat of a Class 5 Magical Beast is said to increase one’s strength majorly. Even the blood of a Class 5 Magical Beast can strengthen the inner organs, something like that could even benefit an Earth Saint Master. So, we definitely need to purchase those two Class 5 Magical Beasts at all costs, and even if we can’t get both of them, then we need to get at least one.”
“Also, the two Class 5 Monster Cores should still be on that person. Class 5 Monster Cores are even more precious than the bodies, and are very hard to come across in Phoenix City. Our Huangpu Clan must obtain them at all costs. Tomorrow, you all will bring some men over and find out who is auctioning off the magical beasts.”
“My lord, although the reports said that the person who got the Class 5 Magical Beasts wasn’t a strong individual, the fact that he was able to obtain them in the first place is proof that this situation isn’t as simple as we thought. I am guessing that there is a high level expert supporting him.” Another white haired elder said respectfully.
“Not possible!” The standing middle aged man said. “The news we received was very clear-cut. These two Class 5 Magical Beasts died from battling each other before being collected. Judging from the man-made injuries inflicted onto the two when the monster cores were extracted, then that person isn’t strong at all, so everyone’s concerns aren’t necessary.”
“The lord is truly wise, this old man was completely muddled.” The elder cupped his hands together in respect, and sat back down.
“Okay, time is cutting short. Next up, I would like to talk about tomorrow’s rearrangements.”
……
In the pitch-dark night, the Phoenix City was fairly quiet. There was only a single group of guards patrolling the streets. Now that all sorts of influential powers were gathered, the city was a mixture of the strong and the weak, so the lord of the city had no choice but to have some guards patrol the city at night just to keep the peace.
Hushed discussions and commands could be heard from all over Phoenix City. All of them were related to the Class 5 Magical Beasts and the mysterious person putting them up for auction.
The night quickly passed. Dawn broke the dark skies from the horizon, marking the opening day of the Heavenly Phoenix Auction, who had long since opened their gates. The giant gates had been decorated with ribbons and lanterns as both people and workers streamed in and out of the building. In the distance, quite a few dressed-up people stood there, waiting for the auction house to open.
Today was the day of the annual auction at the Heavenly Phoenix Auction House. In the past, this had always been the busiest day for the Heavenly Phoenix Auction House, but today, they had the rare Class 5 Magical Beasts for sale. This, this year was even livelier than the years before. Before the day had been blessed by sunshine, there were already many people waiting by the gates.
After dawn, the sun rose into the air and emitted a red glow that bathed the lands in its warm light. More and more people began to gather at the Heavenly Phoenix Auction House and filled up the nearby streets. Caravans found it extremely difficult to get by or find parking.
Many people had been waiting for at least 2 hours before the ear-splitting sounds of a gong and firecrackers could be heard. This year’s annual auction had finally begun!
The auction this year wasn’t like the past auctions. In the past, every person would have to buy an admission fee to participate, and this year was no exception in that regard. However, because of the Class 5 Magical Beasts, the admission fee this year was even more expensive than usual. Last year, the fee had been 5 gold coins, but this year, it was 10 times more expensive; the price was now 50 gold coins.
Although this hike in prices made many people unhappy, it did not deter the people with money in their pockets. At the same time, it had gotten rid of the people who were merely there to watch the show and not buy anything. In this way, there was enough room for all the powers that were extremely interested in the Class 5 Magical Beasts
After the gates opened up for the auction house, the people that already had tickets and had been waiting outside for a very long time began to enter through the entrance in a straight line.
Jian Chen had already returned to the disguise of a middle aged man that he had wore when he had first entered the Heavenly Phoenix Auction House. Slipping into the crowd, he slowly began to walk into the auction house.
As he reached the inner halls of the Heavenly Phoenix Auction House, a large expansive area greeted his eyes. The space was filled with neat rows of seats for as far as the eye could see. It was clear that the number of seats had surpassed 1000.

  

