
  
Chapter 37: Teacher’s Shock

A mere few seconds passed. Another wolf died by Jian Chen’s hands, while countless others were being injured.
The cowering Liang Xiaole didn’t hear Tie Ta’s or Jian Chen’s screams of pain at all. All she could hear was the howling of the Blue Wolves mixed in with whimpers. Because of her curiosity, she fought her fear and looked down on the ground, and her eyes grew wide in shock. She couldn’t believe that Jian Chen and Tie Ta were still fighting the Blue Wolves, and she was shocked speechless.
Every single swing from Tie Ta’s axe was capable of smashing a wolf into the air with ease. No wolf was able to get close to him because of that, and most of the Blue Wolves were covered with frightening wounds that had covered their entire bodies with blood. Jian Chen, on the other hand, was moving rapidly between the wolves and attacking them from every direction. Whenever he thrusted his iron rod forward, another wolf would be riddled with wounds. His movements were too fast for Liang Xiaole to follow; the only thing she could see was a constant blurs.
She had never experienced such a hair raising bloody spectacle like the one below, but on the outside, her face had already started to regain some color. However, her body had not yet stopped trembling. After all, it was her first time seeing such a bloody mess, and no matter who it was, a person wouldn’t be able to take in a sight like this easily their first time.
At that moment, a Blue Wolf took advantage of Tie Ta’s lack of attention, and jumped at his shoulder. Using its strong teeth, it bit deeply down on his shoulder and blood started to flow freely from the wound.
The acute pain caused Tie Ta’s face to darken as he looked at the Blue Wolf biting at his shoulder. Tie Ta’s eye blinked in pain as he looked at the Blue Wolf with a fierce glare. Dropping his battleaxe, his right hand grabbed onto the wolf’s head, and with his monstrous strength, he ripped the wolf off his shoulder, leaving behind deep incisions in his skin.
Tie Ta grabbed onto the wolf’s snout with both hands, and the veins in his arms swelled up with his muscles. With a furious roar, his hands gripped onto the yelping wolf and tore its head from its body. At the same time, blood splattered everywhere onto Tie Ta, dying him blood red.
Tie Ta’s act of strength caused the surrounding wolves to cower in fear, as they watched Tie Ta hold onto the two halves of the wolf’s carcass.
But Tie Ta didn’t plan to let the wolves get away. Dropping the body, he picked up his battleaxe and sliced down onto another wolf’s head.
The wolf tilted its head and dodged Tie Ta’s battleaxe. Bringing its head up towards the sky, it let out a great howl before launching itself at him.
Hearing the howl, all of the wolves had their fear dispelled, as they instantly charged at Tie Ta.
Tie Ta sent a kick towards the abdomen of a wolf, sending it flying through the air. The sharp blade of his battleaxe cut into the neck of the wolf. Leaving behind a trail of blood, the wolf flew backwards like a rocket.
After his battleaxe had chopped through the head of a wolf, Tie Ta stopped where he stood. He brandished his battleaxe in a menacing way for the other wolves to see.
“Peng!” A wolf was too late in dodging and was hit by Tie Ta’s battleaxe. The wolf was split in two as it gave one last final howl.
After being injured, it looked as if Tie Ta became even stronger. In a flash, he had already killed 2 wolves.
Jian Chen, on the other hand, was still wrestling fiercely with the wolves. Suddenly, a wolf jumped from above, down onto Jian Chen.
Jian Chen immediately turned around and glared at the incoming wolf with his flashing eyes. The iron rod in his hand shot forth like lightning and stabbed deep into the wolf’s abdomen, piercing its heart. The moment he felt the rod stop, he immediately pulled it out and then moved away from his position.
The moment he left from his spot, the group of Blue Wolves immediately lunged at him.
The wolf that had been skewered in the heart whimpered as it gave its final breath, and fell down to the ground, spasming before finally becoming still.
The battle persisted for some time, and as time passed, the amount of Blue Wolves that had died by the hands of Jian Chen and Tie Ta grew larger and larger. Gradually, the pressure on the two boys reduced, as the number of Blue Wolves dwindled.
Jian Chen pulled out his iron rod from another wolf’s throat; he had already killed over 10 Blue Wolves, yet his clothes were relatively unstained by the blood.
Jian Chen looked to Tie Ta only to see 7 or 8 Blue Wolves left; however, each of the 8 wolves were already bloody, as if they had been bathed in blood. His already ragged clothing was becoming even worse, and was almost like a strip of cloth now. His clothes were no longer protecting his body, and instead revealed his chest underneath. Even the trousers had rips in parts, with blood dripping from the wounds beneath it.
Without any hesitation, Jian Chen rushed towards Tie Ta and immediately started to fight off the 8 wolves with his iron rod.
Because Tie Ta had gave the wolves many heavy injuries in a long battle, the wolves were all exhausted beyond relief, so Jian Chen’s job was relatively easy. Without expending much energy, he ended their lives by accurately piercing each of the wolves’ throats.
After the invasion of the pack of wolves, even Jian Chen couldn’t help but breathe hard. Even though he was not weak at all, he had used up the majority of his energy to fight against the pack of wolves.
Tie Ta let out a long sigh as he looked at the pile of dead bodies around him. On his face was a happy smile; although they had just fought a long and hard battle, he didn’t show a single trace of exhaustion. Instead, his fighting spirit was awakened.
“Changyang Xiang Tian, let’s kill the rest of the Class 1 Magical Beasts.” Tie Ta laughed. In his lifetime, he had never killed a Class 1 Magical Beast before, so it was natural that he was excited.
Jian Chen smiled as well before looking at the wounds on Tie Ta, “You’re hurt, how bad is it?”
Tie Ta looked down on his body to inspect his wounds before saying, “It’s no problem. Although the bites hurt, they’re mostly superficial wounds. Hehe, my skin has been thick since I was small, so regular beasts could never bite me before.”
Jian nodded his head in understanding with a thoughtful face. He knew about Tie Ta’s strength and vitality first hand. Tie Ta was even stronger than a steel bar, so the Blue Wolves must’ve been ferocious to bite through his skin.
“Ah, that’s right, Changyang Xiang Tian, are you hurt?” Tie Ta asked with concern as he looked at Jian Chen.
Jian Chen shook his head, “Don’t worry, the wolves didn’t hurt me at all.” He shifted his stare to the tall grass and said loudly, “Haven’t you seen enough, how long do you plan on hiding there?”
Hearing Jian Chen, Tie Ta went blank for a second as he was puzzled by what Jian Chen was saying. But he soon figured it out and immediately grabbed onto his battleaxe with both his hands.
“Who’s hiding over? Hurry up and come out otherwise I’ll chop you in half!” Tie Ta yelled.
As Tie Ta spoke, the tall grass rustled before them as four figures leapt out in front of Tie Ta and Jian Chen.
Seeing the four shadows jump out, Tie Ta immediately went on the defensive, while Jian Chen didn’t move a muscle except for a small smile on his face. Although they couldn’t see the appearances of the four due to the darkness, but Jian Chen had long since guessed their identities.
When the four shadows reached 2 meters away from Jian Chen, they suddenly stopped. Jian Chen could finally see their faces clearly; two of them were middle aged men while there was an elder and a 30 year old female. All four of them had a look of astonishment and were stupefied as if they saw an inconceivable event.
“Honorable teachers, so it was you.” Tie Ta finally recognized the four people and cried out in surprise.
The four people quickly regained their composure, but their eyes still revealed traces of shock.
“Changyang Xiang Tian, no wonder there are rumors about you being able to beat a Saint. I didn’t think too much about it at first, but after seeing this, the rumors have to have some sort of truth to them. For a single person to use a corroded iron rod to kill dozens of Class 1 Magical beasts, even Saints who condensed their Saint Weapons wouldn’t be able to replicate this easily.” The elder said with a laugh as he praised Jian Chen.
Jian Chen laughed and said, “Honored teacher gives this one too much praise. My strength isn’t as strong as you think; the wolves may have been Class 1 Magical Beasts, but their attack power wasn’t that high. If I had came across a stronger Class 1 Magical Beast, then I’m afraid I would’ve struggled a lot more.”
Hearing this, the elder looked at Jian Chen appreciatively before looking at Tie Ta with a laugh, “Tie Ta, your strength is also very strong, it’s no wonder the headmaster noticed you and took you in as an apprentice.”
Tia Ta scratched his head with a modest smile, but he didn’t know what to say in response to that.
“Elder Yun, it would appear that we came here for nothing. These two are absolutely abnormal in strength, nothing in the 2nd region would be a match for them.” Said the 30 year old woman.
The other 3 bitterly smiled as they listened to her.When they had heard the howls of the wolves, they naturally knew that a student was in danger. For that reason alone they had all rushed towards the howls at the fastest speed possible to rescue them. On the way, each one of them prayed that the students would be able to hold on for as long as possible, but when they had arrived, they were subjected to an inconceivable sight. Two students who weren’t at the Saint level had been able to fend off 20 or so Blue Wolves without trouble. In the end, they had been able to slaughter all 20 of them, and none of the 4 could believe their eyes at this end result.

  

