
  
Chapter 192: Meeting Another Strong Enemy

The corpses of twenty Great Saint Masters lay strewn across the ground, their blood dying the streets crimson. The surrounding people stared with wide eyes at the dim-eyed corpses and the bloody Jian Chen with shock. No one had expected to come across such a fight.
Many of these observers were regular commoners, but they could easily tell that these twenty corpses used to be Great Saint Masters. When these twenty Great Saint Masters gathered, their unbelievable might had swept across Phoenix City. But no one had thought that so many Great Saint Masters would die in the hands of a single youth, who was not even over the age of 25, in a single moment.
If they hadn’t witnessed this scene with their own eyes, they probably wouldn’t have believed the situation no matter what. But despite what they had seen, many of them still couldn’t believe it and thought it to be an illusion, rather than reality. The scene was just that hard to believe.
Jian Chen’s eyes slowly wandered to the twenty bodies on the ground, his breathing still erratic. After so many battles in such a short amount of time, his Saint Force had taken a huge loss, causing him to feel exhausted.
Jian Chen knew that staying here wasn’t wise. The Class 5 Magical Beast had attracted many people to Phoenix City, and made the situation very chaotic. Although there were some people with decent strength on the surface, Jian Chen was more afraid that some mercenary groups and strong wayfarers target him from the dark. After all, Jian Chen was heavily injured and was no longer in his peak state. In addition to the enticing allure of a Class 5 Monster Core and a battle skill, this chance could tempt anyone.
Now that he had finished this test and killed multiple Great Saint Masters with his Spirit Sword, his spirit had been greatly diminished to his current state. Right now, Phoenix City was even more dangerous than the countryside.
Then, Jian Chen’s eyes accidentally landed on the Great Saint Masters’ Space Belts, and his eyes lit up. Immediately using the Light Wind Sword to pick at the Space Belts, he quickly collected all of them from the corpses; but what made him happier was that while taking the Space belts, he had discovered three Space Rings.
It was not an exaggeration to say that Space Rings were even more precious and useful than Space Belts. Space Rings in the Tian Yuan Continent were symbols of status and strength, unlike Space Belts. No matter how extravagant the Space Belt was, Space Belts were of an inferior grade and were incomparably weaker than a Space Ring.
After the twenty Space Belts and the three Space Rings were collected, Jian Chen didn’t waste any time on the remaining people still watching him, and immediately left the area.
Seeing Jian Chen come toward them, the observers immediately awoke from their stupor and scrambled to get out of the way for Jian Chen to pass through.
The Light Wind Sword in Jian Chen’s hand was still dripping with blood as he strode out of the crowd. His presence was so terrifying that anyone within his vicinity hurriedly scrambled away as far as possible. Despite Jian Chen’s young appearance, nobody dared to underestimate him.
It was only when Jian Chen arrived at a Class 1 Magical Beast mount that he stopped. Taking out a few purple coins, he handed it to the owner and spoke coldly, “Sell me your mount.” Without even waiting for a response, he immediately jumped onto the magical beast and pulled at the reins, heading full speed toward the city gates.
The owner of the Class 1 Magical Beast mount was only a Saint Master, but he had witnessed Jian Chen killing the twenty Great Saint Masters. So when Jian Chen spoke rudely to him, he didn’t dare speak arrogantly back.
Even if Jian Chen hadn’t paid him the amount a Class 1 Magical Beast was worth, the man wouldn’t have dared to complain.
Sitting on top of the mount, Jian Chen flew over the roads with a blinding speed that quickly took him to the base of the city gates.
Jian Chen fortunately hadn’t come across any obstructions along the way. Although there were many powerful clans within Phoenix City, there were also many strong mercenary groups and solo mercenaries that would want in on the items that Jian Chen possessed. A Class 5 Monster Core and a battle skill were treasures that were far too tempting to be ignored. However, after realizing that thirty Great Saint Masters had met their deaths at the hands of this person, they felt as if a bucket of cold water had been dumped on their heads, and they immediately renounced their plans to fight him.
In the distance, one of the guards on top of the city gates saw a bloody figure riding a Class 1 Magical Beast, and immediately cried out to his fellow guards. The city gates began to creak open to allow Jian Chen to exit, as they had already received orders from the city lord to do so.
Within the heart of the city, the lord of Phoenix City hoped that Jian Chen would be able to safely depart from the city. If Jian Chen were to stay here, he would ultimately attract the attention of many powerful clans that the city lord desperately didn’t wish to offend.
Seeing the city gates open, Jian Chen continued at his usual speed before finally rushing through the gates to the shock of everyone watching.
The moment he left the city gates, Jian Chen let out a breath of air in relief. To him, the countryside was much safer, as he wouldn’t come across a near infinite amount of harassment. Excluding the powers from Phoenix City, who knew how strong those from the countryside would be? Whether or not there was a high leveled Earth Saint Master hiding in wait, after killing all those Great Saint Masters, the powers he had offended would definitely not take this lying down. To stay in Phoenix City would mean to face off against a multitude of troubles.
“Hehe, sire Wu Yun has an amazing talent, and you’re strong despite being so young. This must be the power of that battle skill.” Despite Jian Chen’s fast movements, an elderly voice could be heard speaking to Jian Chen from close by.
Hearing that, Jian Chen’s face paled as he turned his head to look behind. A figure was rapidly approaching him from five kilometers away at a speed much faster than Jian Chen’s.
“Damn it!” Jian Chen’s face grew even paler as he realized that judging from the man’s speed, his strength was probably much stronger than that of a Great Saint Master. 

  

