
  
Chapter 182: No Fear

Following the twinkling light of Jian Chen’s sword, three of the people in the back of the incoming group instantly had their throats stabbed with the sharp tip of the sword.
At the same time, the other men near Jian Chen’s figure started to wave their Saint Weapons with a strong amount of Saint Force as they slashed at him,
Even with the Saint Weapons slashing at him, Jian Chen didn’t spare them a single glance. Almost as if he had eyes on the back of his head, he slanted his body slightly so that the weapons would just miss him.
“Ding!”
Not a single one of the Saint Weapons had hit Jian Chen. Because their target was Jian Chen, each Saint Weapon collided against each other in mid air and echoed in a small symphony of metal sounds. As the numerous Saint Weapons all collided against each other, the amount of energy could be seen spiralling into the air.
Jian Chen’s eyes flashed dangerously as he took advantage of the stagnated Saint Weapons. In a flash the Light Wind Sword emitted a hazy glow that enshrouded everyone nearby. The Saint Weapon shined with light and with the trail of Sword Qi following the tip, it resembled the scythe of the god of death. With each stroke, the blade flew at the throat of each person and landed a fatal blow that spilled blood from their wounds.
In a short moment that wasn’t even long enough to make one full breath, around 10 more Saint Masters had died by Jian Chen’s hands. Another flash of killing intent could be seen in Jian Chen’s eyes as the Light Wind Sword glowed silver once more and the amount of Sword Qi intensified. Just as Jian Chen was about to continue to kill, a voice suddenly called out.
“Stay your hand!”
Upon that, everyone that was charging at Jian Chen suddenly stopped. At the same time, the person who Jian Chen had just stabbed in the throat fell to the floor.
“What a fast sword!”
“That sword is so f*cking fast.”
……
Within the group were many astounded men, among them were many Saint Masters who could see Jian Chen’s sword. However even then, they were astounded by the lightning speed Jian Chen had displayed. They all knew that against this fast of a sword, they would need to be extra prudent otherwise they risked losing their lives.
At this point, the few Great Saint Masters who were looking down on Jian Chen now had a different opinion of him. Now they saw him as an opponent of an equal standing.
In this short moment, aside from those Saint Masters on the floor, every other Saint Master’s face greyed as they grew serious. In that short instant, they could only see the hazy white glow of Jian Chen’s sword and not the death of their comrades.
Jian Chen’s right hand held his sword as he stood over the bodies with blood dripping down the tip. He stared coldly at everyone around him and said, “If you wish to steal from me, you’ll find that it won’t be easy. At the very least, I will make you all pay a heavy price for it.”
Jian Chen’s words didn’t cause any Peak Saint Master to feel frantic at all. Within this 100 man group, there were many Great Saint Master experts, so they did not believe in the delirious statement coming from Jian Chen.
Although the words of Jian Chen did seem a little delusional, not a single person had said anything in response. Even the Great Saint Masters had been speechless; for those Saint Masters lying down at Jian Chen’s feet were proof of his strength.
“Pa pa pa…”
Standing on the rooftop, an elder began to clap with a faint smile on his face, “Sire Wu Yun is indeed skillful. To think I would be able to see such a sight, how admirable. Truly admirable.”
Jian Chen returned the smile but did not reply to him. “Everyone, do you still wish to rob me of my things?”
As Jian Chen finished speaking, a middle aged man with a dark expression spoke, “Hmph, don’t think that because you have some strength you can put everyone else beneath you. Wu Yun, although you’ve killed a few of my Youlan clan members, I will show you that without giving those monster cores, you will not leave this area alive.”
“Sire Wu Yun, even though our Mutian clan also had some deaths to you, they were the outstanding members of the clan and were favored by the clan leader. If you do not hand over compensation today, even we will have a hard time quelling this. Our clan leader’s wrath is not an easy thing to accept.”
Hearing these two men talk, everyone else saw it as a stroke of good luck. No one felt the need to retreat despite Jian Chen’s strength surprising them. Although they still felt that they needed to keep up a deathly serious vigilance. After all, Class 5 Monster Cores were too alluring to any person. Right now, the only problem was that there were too many parties involved and there were only 2 Class 5 Monster Cores making it impossible to share. Despite everyone being aware of Jian Chen’s strength, no one was afraid of the consequences.
Jian Chen’s glare intensified in danger as he understood that another fight was unavoidable. With a cold laugh, he said, “So it’s like this. Then let me give you your compensation.” The Light Wind Sword exploded with a silver glow as the Sword Qi assimilated into the surrounding air of the men 10 meters away. Everyone immediately felt a sharp stinging sensation in their skin almost as if a multitude of sharp swords were pressing against their skin.
Jian Chen’s feet stamped across the ground as he glided with the speed of a demon. The 10 meters separating him and the men in front of him were gone in an instant as he arrived right in front of the Youlan clan group. Brandishing his Light Wind Sword, he used his Sword Qi to enshroud the group within his Sword Qi.
The Youlan clan were already a group of people Jian Chen disliked, so they would be the first people he would eliminate.
“Everyone be careful!” The leader of the Youlan clan cried out. In an instant a sword appeared in his hands. Even within the emptiness that was the Sword Qi, he waved his sword and delivered a downward stroke.
“Ding!”
A loud sound filled the air as a slender looking sword suddenly appeared within the Sword Qi and clashed against the sword. Immediately an intense shockwave flew from the two Saint Weapons in a visible arc and smashed violently against the two sides of the street. Suddenly, the walls of stone began to shake before a layer of dust shook and flew into the air.
When the two Saint Weapons collided, Jian Chen immediately recalled his weapon and twirled around on the ground with an extremely fast speed. In a moment, he had dodged the second stroke of the man.
The entire Youlan clan had already prepared themselves to face off against the speedy Jian Chen. Standing in front of everyone else were hardened men with Saint Force emanating from their hands to form their Saint Weapons before slashing at Jian Chen with it.
Just then, a few milliseconds after the Saint Weapons were swung, a silver ray of light flashed before they could even react and stabbed into their throats.

  

