
  
Chapter 152: Indecision

Jian Chen laughed and spoke, “You praise me too much, honored Mu Jian truly praises me too much. I suppose your group of men entered the Magical Beast Mountain Range to find me as well.”
“That’s correct, we came to capture you.” The one Mu Jian was holding back had spoken out loud.
Hearing the man speak, Mu Jian’s face changed before staring angrily at the man behind him. On the man’s face was a look of confusion and did not understand what was happening.
Mu Jian cupped his hands together as he faced Jian Chen once more and laughed. “Honored Jian Chen, this one and my friends did indeed enter the Magical Beast Mountain Range, but it was to watch the excitement. We never had the idea of trying to capture the honored Jian Chen, I hope that you won’t misunderstand us.”
“Misunderstand!” Jian Chen couldn’t help but laugh, “If I didn’t hear incorrectly, then I just heard your friend over there say your group wanted to capture me. For this reason, how could I not misunderstand you?”
Hearing this, Mu Jian had an embarrassed look on his face. When they entered the Magical Beast Mountain Range, they really did want to capture Jian Chen. Although they had heard about Jian Chen’s strength and how so many Saint Masters had died by Jian Chen’s hands, they had thought it was a rumor. Every man had always mistrusted rumors, and Mu Jian and his group was no different.
But the moment Mu Jian had personally seen Jian Chen’s strength, he could see that none of his companions could be an opponent for Jian Chen. Even if they had the superiority in numbers, that didn’t mean a guaranteed capture of Jian Chen without them taking on heavy losses as well. He was also truly aware that if Jian Chen had been serious in taking the lives of his companions, they would have long since been lying down on the ground. Because of that, Mu Jian had already given up on thinking about trying to capture Jian Chen. At this very moment, he didn’t want to enter a conflict with Jian Chen, otherwise, they would take on heavy losses.
Seeing the silent Mu Jian, Jian Chen spoke up once more, “I don’t wish to kill the innocent randomly. If you hand over all of the monster cores within your Space Belts, then you can purchase your life back. If you don’t however, then don’t blame me for being merciless.” Suddenly, a glint of murderous intent made it to Jian Chen’s eyes.
Hearing this, every single one of the mercenaries revealed an angry yet disdainful expression. Among the 10, no one except for Mu Jian had that clear expression of understanding.
“Jian Chen, you’re a despicable person that only knows how to use dirty tricks, what qualifications do you have to say something like that? Come and eat uncle’s sword!”
Jian Chen’s words had angered many of the people there, and immediately, the sturdy man behind Mu Jian had brought out his giant sword in anger as he charged at Jian Chen.
“Hold up!” Mu Jian tried to block the man without caring for the anger in his eyes. Turning around to look at Jian Chen, he spoke, “Jian Chen, we became enemies by accident, could it be you’re still going to force us in this way?”
Jian Chen began to laugh coldly, “I already told you. Leave behind your monster cores, and you may go. Otherwise, I won’t stay my hand.” He paused for a moment before he said, “However, if you make a move against me and suffer casualties, don’t blame me.”
Jian Chen’s words had left no room for argument, causing Mu Jian to feel extremely gloomy as he said, “It’s just as they said, everything must be given up without a word. Honored Jian Chen, you’re being too excessive.” One’s Space Belt was filled with the monster cores that they had risked their own lives to attain from killing magical beasts and accumulated after a long period of time. Mu Jian knew that if he were to fight with Jian Chen, then there would definitely be a loss, but at the same time, giving all of his hard earned monster cores to Jian Chen was an impossible thing.
“Mu Jian, what are you doing spouting bullsh*t with him? Hurry up and capture him, he wants to take all of our monster cores by himself, what a huge joke that is!” A golden haired man spoke with a huge amount of disdain.
“Jian Chen, although you’ve injured 2 of our brothers, that was only because you had attacked us from behind. There’s 10 of us, so that doesn’t mean someone like you could be an opponent of ours. At the very most, the end result would be both sides taking on heavy injuries, but that won’t be much damage to our side. On the other hand, if you take on heavy injuries, that would make things very disadvantageous for you, after all, there’s many people crawling about in the Magical Beast Mountain Range who are here to capture you. To us, this isn’t anything to worry about, but to you, this is a struggle between life and death, so asking for us to hand over our monster cores to you is an impossible task.” The one who spoke was a sturdy person, clearly, he knew that Jian Chen’s strength wasn’t all that weak either.
Jian Chen’s eye flashed with a cold glare as he raised his Light Wind Sword. “So it’s like that, all that’s left to do is fight then.” He said as he charged toward the 10 people.
Mu Jian didn’t say anything more and held his sword. Charging with the other mercenaries, everyone prepared to fight Jian Chen.
All 10 of these people had the strength of a Saint Master, and in the past, if Jian Chen were to fight against these 10 Saint Masters, he would be at a huge disadvantage. But right now, his strength was well over the level of the surrounding Saint Masters and he could handle them with ease.
Using the Profound Steps to defend himself against the attacks from the Saint Masters and retaliating, both the mercenaries and Jian Chen were evenly matched. Despite the disadvantage Jian Chen had for being alone, not too long later, the mercenaries were slowly losing their advantage. A good amount of times the mercenaries had almost been pierced straight through their necks by Jian Chen, but they would also dodge to the side at the most crucial moment. However, they had already been stabbed multiple times by Jian Chen’s sword.
Jian Chen was like a demon possessed as he flashed throughout the crowd. Each time he disappeared and reappeared, he would attack from almost every direction with the Light Wind Sword that emitted a strong amount of Sword Qi.
The Light Wind Sword danced as it flew through the air. The sounds of it traveling through the air could be heard clearly as it concentrated its attack in one straight line.
“Pch!”
The Light Wind Sword’s tip sharpened by the Sword Qi stabbed into the joint of a mercenary’s right arm. At the same time, the Light Wind Sword bore straight through his body, causing the arm to lose all functionality.
That man began to shriek out in agony as the sword in his hand disappeared into thin air. His right arm had been completely skewered, causing him to lose any fighting strength he had since he could no longer hold a weapon.
“Bang!” Jian Chen’s kicked the man firmly in the abdomen, causing him to fly backward. Swaying his body to the side, he dodged another strike that came at him. At the same time, he lashed out with his sword at the man, causing him to panic. Immediately taking advantage of the hasty parry, Jian Chen immediately stabbed him through the right shoulder.

  

