
  
Chapter 176: Gray Robed Man

“I bid 100,000 purple coins.”
A deep sounding voice suddenly called out from the middle of the auction hall. Although the voice wasn’t that loud, everyone in the auction hall clearly heard it.
Hearing the price of 100,000 purple coins, everyone in the auction hall became stunned. Not just them, but even the Youlan clan members inside their box had looks of disbelief on their faces.
100,000 purple coins…
The Class 5 Magical Beast was a treasure, but they weren’t so precious to be priceless. 70,000 purple coins was already considered expensive for a Class 5 Magical Beast, but 100,000 purple coins was extremely past what the proper price should be.
The entire auction hall grew extremely quiet as the price of 100,000 purple coins were called out. In this silence, if a silver needle were to be dropped, then its echoes would be heard by everyone clearly. 
Jian Chen who was sitting down in a corner was startled at the price, but he was also very happy. Since he was the seller, he had naturally wanted his items to sell for as high as possible. For the price to shoot straight to 100,000 purple coins from 70,000, Jian Chen had not expected that. What surprised him even more was that the person who had just called out the newest price was sitting in a private box not too far away from him.
Jian Chen slowly turned his head toward the source of the sound only to see a gray robed man. He was an elderly man who looked to be around his 60s. His black hair grew around his head like a flower which accented his wrinkled face.
The entire auction hall was still quiet for a few more seconds before instantly exploding into chatter. Everyone couldn’t help but look at the person who called out the price, but only a handful of people knew where that person was in the audience.
Even the host had been startled by this huge price and had to take a moment to regain himself. His face shook along with his voice as he said, “100,000 purple coins. 100,000 purple coins, someone has offered 100,000 purple coins, does anyone wish to beat that price?”
Within the Youlan clan box, a few of the members had ashen faces. Not a single one of them said a word as they were too shocked at the high price.
“100,000 purple coins, going once. Are there any higher bids?”
“100,000 purple coins going twice….”
“100,000 purple coins going thrice….sold.”
The auctioneer fiercely swung down his wooden mallet. The second Class 5 Magical Beast, the Quick Cloud Beast, was finally bought for 100,000 purple coins.
“Alright, this auction will now officially come to a close. Thank you everyone for attending. A year from today, we will meet together again. I’d like to now invite the guests that purchased items to come to backstage and retrieve them.” The auctioneer Ge Rong gave a brilliant smile. He had already directed the auctions at Heavenly Phoenix Auction House for dozens of years, but this was the the grandest one he had ever conducted. After all, an item worth 100,000 purple coins had been sold by him. This was definitely a supreme honor for an auctioneer.
After the auction ended, the people that had purchased items left their seats and began to head toward the backstage to exchange the appropriate amount of money for their items.
Jian Chen hesitated for a bit, then stood up as well, and began to walk toward the backstage. The money he gained from auctioning off the two Class 5 Magical Beasts also had to be retrieved from back there.
By the time Jian Chen arrived behind the stage, the place was already filled with people. This was where everyone picked up the things they had purchased.
Hundreds of people were alertly and quietly lined up, their hands holding a small card that the auction house had specially issued.
“Honored Wu Yun, Manager Yullian is awaiting for you in the guest room, please follow me.”
At that moment, an elder voice rang out from Jian Chen’s side. It was the Heavenly Phoenix Auction House’s appraiser, Elder Huang Lao.
Jian Chen’s appearance was still that of the middle-aged male, so Elder Huang recognized him immediately.
“Mn! Then I’ll have to ask Elder Huang to lead the way.” Jian Chen politely replied with a smile.
Elder Huang didn’t waste any time speaking, and immediately turned around to walk inside. Jian Chen followed closely behind.
Before Jian Chen had gotten very far, he suddenly stopped walking and turned around to look back at the door he had just come through.
Two people wearing gray robes were strolling over from that door, side by side. One of them was an elder, the other a middle aged man. The elder was the one that had offered 100,000 purple coins to purchase the Class 5 Magical Beast, the Quick Cloud Beast. 
“Esteemed guests, please come with me!” A staff member welcomed them as soon as the two men appeared.
“Lead the way.” The elder said indifferently. Afterward, they followed behind the staff member toward the staircase to the second floor.
“Freeze!” A loud shout suddenly rang out. A few middle aged men aggressively rushed over from the door, surrounding the gray-robed men.
This scene attracted the attentions of all the people engaging in item transactions. They all turned around to closely watch the scene unfolding, as if they were engrossed in watching some play.
The staff member’s expression didn’t waver. He had witnessed this type of scene multiple times. In a reconciling tone, he said, “Honored guests, this is Heavenly Phoenix Auction H–”
“Get out of the way!”
Before the staff member had even finished speaking, he was fiercely pushed back by one of the men, his arm so forceful that it directly sent the staff member flying back 10 meters, before crashing hard into the wall with a “Bang!” The staff member’s head collided into the hard wall, causing him to directly lose consciousness. The wall also now sported traces of fresh blood.
Jian Chen’s expression shifted at this scene, and a hint of a powerful murderous aura flashed from his eyes. He really couldn’t bear to watch these people’s barbaric and unreasonable actions. However, he didn’t blindly rush into the fight, since he knew that going in now wouldn’t be favorable to him. There were surely many people that had heard the news about the Class 5 Monster Cores.
Seeing the staff member’s removal from the stage, the two gray gray robed men furrowed their brows. Without letting them say anything, the middle aged man that had pushed the staff member pointed his sharp gaze at the elder and asked, “Are you the one that bought the Class 5 Magical Beast for 100,000 purple coins?”

  

