
  
Chapter 82: Accident at the Restaurant

Hearing what Lang Tian said, the mercenaries in the room all looked each other in the eyes with stunned expressions. None of them could believe what they had just heard.
Lang Tian continued to say, “Captain Bai Fei Yun, I am guessing that you suspect the mysterious stranger and Mu Yun are working together.”
Bei Fei Yun nodded, “If it were not for the fact that Mu Yun had leaked his battle skill at the same time the mysterious stranger showed up, I would not have linked them together.”
‘There’s logic in your words.” Lang Tian said. “If Mu Yun is really working with the mysterious stranger, then we definitely cannot make a move on him. Otherwise, we would be in grave danger if we were to run into the mysterious stranger.”
“That mysterious stranger would definitely be able to wipe us out with ease.” Bai Fei Yun said.
“Send the order that Mu Yun is not to be touched, and that everyone must pretend that they saw nothing.”
…….
After he bid farewell to Mu Yun, Jian Chen took a stroll in Black Wind City. While it wasn’t a big city, it was close to the border fort. So for that reason, all four directions of the city were filled with the bustling traders and travellers, as well as caravans with mercenaries.
After arriving not too far away from the Mercenary Union, Jian Chen walked into a nearby restaurant since it had been a long time since he had last eaten meat. He had been rushing for so many days that the taste was almost forgotten to him.
After eating and drinking to his heart’s content, Jian Chen was led to his room by a waiter.
Sitting on the bed, Jian Chen took out some Class 1 Monster Cores in order to cultivate. Right now, Jian Chen didn’t want to waste any time and cultivate slowly. He wanted to use every single monster core to help him cultivate to help him grow so strong, that even the Hua Yun Sect would be afraid of him. Then he would be able to return to his family with pride. Although he could secretly sneak back without the Hua Yun Sect noticing, Jian Chen was too prideful for that, so he wouldn’t do such a thing.
The energy within the monster cores was rapidly being drained away at a frightening speed and being absorbed into every single pore of his body. However Jian Chen could only absorb the 1% of the massive amount of energy, while the other 99% was absorbed into his dantian. The two glows inside his dantian were like bottomless pits that absorbed all of the energy without a single change.
When it came to his dantian, Jian Chen couldn’t do much since it wasn’t under his control. Although the two glows within his dantian were taking up all of the energy, what made Jian Chen happy was that his absorption speed was much faster than before. Even his cultivation rate was slightly faster, which comforted Jian Chen just a bit.
During the next morning, the rays of the sun shined down onto the ground as Jian Chen woke from his cultivational slumber. The Class 1 Monster Core he was holding in his hand was completely devoid of energy. He couldn’t help but to laugh bitterly, “This consumption rate is too much; I’ve used up 50 Class 1 Monster Core in a single night. Even if I still have a few monster cores left within the Space Ring, I’ll be all out in 10 days at this rate.”
Jian Chen got off of his bed, and moved his feet about. Afterwards, he walked up to the window and looked out at the constant stream of people walking about the main street. He murmured to himself, “Cultivation definitely cannot be stopped. But if I don’t have any monster cores and just rely on absorbing the World Essence, the cultivation speed will only be 10% of the normal speed, and undesirable result. It looks like I’ll have to think of a way to replenish my monster cores.”
Jian Chen walked out of the room, and went to the restaurant’s lower floor to look for an empty table to sit at.
“Customer, what would you like to order?” A cordial waiter welcomed Jian Chen with a smile as Jian Chen sat down in his seat.
“A plate of stir fried flower tiger meat, as well as any two side dishes. I also want a bowl of white rice.” Jian Chen casually ordered a few dishes.
“Alright. customer, please wait for a bit.”
Sitting at the table in boredom, Jian Chen casually looked around the restaurant. It wasn’t that large, and within Black Wind City, it could only be qualified as middle sized. However, it was currently breakfast time, and quite a few merchants and mercenaries had gathered within the restaurant to eat. The majority of the 30-40 tables had been filled; only 5 remained open.
The restaurant was extremely noisy, as quite a few mercenaries were speaking loudly to each other, without any consideration for those around them.
“Customer, your food has arrived.” Without giving much time for Jian Chen to wait, the waiter quickly brought over the dishes that Jian Chen had ordered, and carefully placed them on his table.
While Jian Chen ate breakfast, he also listened in on the the idle gossip from the surrounding mercenaries. Although the restaurant was extremely chaotic, the mercenaries gathered here had all traveled extensively, and quite a bit of interesting and up-to-date matters could be learned from their words.
At this moment, a few mercenaries walked into the restaurant. There was a total of five men; three of them looked like 20-30 year old youths, while the other two looked like 40 year old middle aged men. They wore the same cyan colored robes, and identical silver colored emblems in front of their chests. All of them were from the same mercenary group, and judging by their emblems, the group wasn’t of a low level either.
Five people entered the restaurant together. They all looked around for seats, however it was currently the peak hours, and all of the restaurants tables were already filled. There were no available spaces left.
“Such bad luck, to think that there are no more seats.” A slim, frail youth wearing a cyan colored robe cursed.
A youth stood on one side, his gaze sweeping across the restaurant. It finally stopped on the table that Jian Chen was currently occupying by himself and he laughed, “Gan Hou, who said there aren’t any more spots? Look, isn’t that a free table right there? Even though it’ll be a bit crowded if we all cram into a single table, it’s not impossible.”
Aside from Jian Chen, there were still quite a few people occupying tables alone. However, that group of people could tell the others were not people they could pick fights with. Only Jian Chen appeared to be completely powerless. Thus, the youth’s attention naturally locked onto Jian Chen.
The people’s gazes all gathered onto the white-clad Jian Chen. After noticing that Jian Chen’s appearance didn’t look over 20, they smiled evilly. Afterwards, the five walked in together.
Once he arrived in front of Jian Chen, the youth called “Gan Hou” patted Jian Chen’s shoulder, and said with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes, “Young friend, this table is now occupied by us. It’s better if you switch to another.”
Jian Chen knit his brows and raised his head. His gaze swept across the expressions of the five people. Once his Soul determined that the five weren’t actually that strong, his heart immediately calmed, and said, “I’m sorry, but I also need this table right now.” Jian Chen wasn’t at all afraid of the consequences. Although two of the people were quite old, their strength wasn’t very significant.
After all, the strength of one’s power didn’t solely depend on age. There were some people with outstanding talent, and had become renowned peak level experts at a young age. On the other hand, some of the more mediocre people would spend their whole lives unable to condense Spirit Weapons and overcome the threshold to becoming a Saint.
Gan Hou’s expression sank, and coldly stared at Jian Chen as he said, “Brat, don’t refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. If you’re wise, get out of my sight right now.”
TL Note: Don’t hesitate do something until being forced to do it.
Although Jian Chen’s situation was naturally drawing the attentions of others in the restaurant, however such things happened quite often on Tian Yuan continent, and wasn’t anything new. Therefore, everyone watched the situation unfold, as if watching a show, and had no intention to help out.

  

