
  
Chapter 177: Earth Saint Master

Hearing the middle aged man, everyone’s heart jumped for a brief second. Staring slack jawed at the gray robed man, none of them had thought that the person who had spent 100,000 purple coins on a simple Class 5 Magical Beast would be this ordinary looking elder in front of them.
The gray robed man laughed, “Correct, I am indeed the buyer.” With a tone of indifference.
Hearing this, the middle aged man who spoke earlier and a happy look on his face. Staring him down to measure the elder’s strength, he said, “Good, good. To go against my Youlan clan! But what an impatient movement you’ve made. Be smart and hand over the Class 5 Magical Beast, otherwise, you won’t be at ease.”
“So these people are a part of the Youlan clan, to think that they are that arrogant to bring people into the auction house do however they please.” Seeing how rampant these Youlan clan members were, Jian Chen furrowed his eyebrows together in thought.
The gray robed elder and the man next to him looked at each other with a small trace of a smile. Then, the elder’s indifferent face gradually grew colder before turning to the middle aged man in front of him, “The Youlan clan isn’t anything in my eyes, scram!”
“Are you looking for death?! Seeing how difficult you’re being, you’re an old fool for not obeying!”
The Youlan clan member grew furious as he flew toward the elderly man with his arm outstretched.
The moment the middle aged man reached out with his hand, his eyes widened abruptly as he felt the palm of the elder’s hands wrap around his neck. With no idea of when the elder had even reached him, he felt his throat tighten, causing him to choke.
The middle aged man’s eyes turned wide as he looked down in disbelief at the hand holding him. There was shock as he hadn’t noticed at all when the man had grabbed him by the throat.
The elder continued to squeeze the man’s neck with a small sneer on his fast as he spoke, “Youngster, you are too rash in things, if you end up losing your life, do not blame anyone else.”
With that said, the elder swung his arm, and the heavy body of the man was suddenly flung to the far side as if he was no heavier than a chick. Slamming into a wall, the amount of force put into the throw caused the wall to shake.
With this sudden and unexpected development, the other Youlan members were stunned. Seeing their member suddenly flung against the wall, a few of them had grew white in the face. Taking out their Saint Weapons, they all charged with some hesitation at the elder.
“Hmph, you overestimate yourselves!” The gray robed elder snorted with a cold gleam in his eyes. A bright red glow appeared within his right hand as the temperature in the room suddenly increased.
With the middle aged men coming at him, the fiery glow in his hand suddenly scattered in every direction as if a shooting star with sparks was flying out from his palm and struck every single Saint Weapon aimed at him.
“Ding ding ding ding…”
Just as the sparks and Saint Weapons collided, a crisp sound was heard as the Saint Weapons from the Youlan clan side suddenly snapped in two.
“Pft!” The men suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood as if they had just been struck heavily. Taking a few steps back, their faces had instantly grew white without a single trace of blood. While a small amount of them were standing unsteadily, a moment later they immediately fell to the floor without getting back up.
Seeing these people have their Saint Weapons broken, the onlookers had a look of joy on their faces. In their hearts, they all understood that these incomparably arrogant Youlan clan members were utterly finished. Even if they somehow survived, they would fall to the lowest dregs of people on the Tian Yuan Continent: cripples. However, all of the people there were even more amazed at the overwhelming strength of this elder.
With the snap of a finger, he had broken the Saint Weapons of these strong men. With such a strong attack, just what level of strength had he achieved?
“Little master, for these types of people, handing them over to Elder Xiu will be enough. There is no need to get involved personally.” A dim glow returned to the elder’s eyes as he turned toward the middle-aged man to his side with a respectful tone.
The middle aged man simply let his arms fall back down as he walked over to the unconscious men and spoke indifferently, “I cannot stand these people. This will be their punishment to see if they can survive this. Let’s see how they will fare with their luck. For the tiny Youlan clan to be crazy to this extent, hmph!” Saying this, he squatted down to where the worker who was first knocked down to look at his wounds.
“These are only some small superficial wounds, nothing serious.” After a basic look over, the middle-aged man let out a breath in relief as he took out a ring hidden within his sleeves and placed it on his finger.
Bringing out some medicine from his Space Ring, he began to dab it onto the back of the man’s head.
Seeing the middle-aged man’s current action, the gray-robed elder could only shake his head. This young master of his was ruthless to his enemies, but honest and kind to any other regular person. This type of attitude wasn’t something he saw often enough.
“For the Youlan clan to do something like this, they are looking for disaster.” Elder Huang sighed before turning back to Jian Chen, “Honored Wu Yun, please follow me.”
Jian Chen nodded his head as he looked at the two grey robed men before following Elder Huang out of the area. In his heart, he was not as calm as he was on the outside.
“I didn’t think these two men would unexpectedly be such profound experts. If my estimations aren’t off, then even that other middle aged man was also an Earth Saint Master.”
Jian Chen followed behind Elder Huang through to the second floor of the auction house before entering a more elegant looking room.
After entering the guest room, Jian Chen saw the manager of the Heavenly Phoenix Auction House, Yullian who was sitting calmly by one of the tables; it looked as if she had been sitting there for some time already.
“Honored Wu Yun, after being gone for so long, you’ve finally returned.” Yullian had a gentle smile on her face.
Jian Chen returned the laugh with no other word and sat down on the sofa in front of Yullian. Elder Huang who had led him to the room didn’t enter it, and instead closed the door and left.

  

