
  
Chapter 175: Battle of Tigers and Dragons

“50,000 purple coins, this Youlan clan is definitely the number one clan in Fire Cloud City, their financial strength is so sturdy…”
“The Youlan clan really does have a lot of money, to shell out 50,000 purple coins for a Class 5 Magical Beast despite the price far surpassing the standard price for one.”
 ……
As the Youlan clan gave another bid, the entire auction house suddenly descended into a buzz of chatter. Even Jian Chen had an unexpected look on his face. Indeed, a Class 5 Magical Beast was a precious treasure, but even it had a maximum price. 50,000 purple coins was already a number that was far beyond the limit.
From the Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion box, a few white robed men had stony looks on their faces as they sat down. There was a total of 8 men; aside from a handsome 20 year old and a petite flower like woman, everyone else were in their middle ages.
That 20 year old delicate woman said, “This Youlan clan is really determined to win this Class 5 Magical Beast. With the price this high, if we continue to fight for it, then our Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion will end up paying most of our treasury for this Class 5 Magical Beast.” Her voice was like the song of a spiritual bird, as it was very pleasant to listen to.
“I’ve heard that the lord of the the Youlan clan is preparing to tackle the Earth Saint Master threshold, if he has the support of the Class 5 Magical Beast, then despite it not giving him a definite success rate, it will at the very least improve his chances by a lot. To them, this Class 5 Magical Beast is surely important.” A middle aged man replied.
“My master has already been at the Peak of the Great Saint Master level for tens of years now. Since he isn’t able to cross the threshold and make the breakthrough into the Earth Saint Master level, he can only linger about in his original realm of power. If we can obtain the Class 5 Magical Beast, then my master will surely be able to make the breakthrough. In the case that my master does indeed become an Earth Saint Master, then our Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion will surely grow stronger in power.” The 20 year old youth said, at the mention of his master, there was a hint of pride on his face.
That was because his master was the lord of the Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion.
Another white robed middle aged man said, “What you said is correct, we too want to win over this Class 5 Magical Beast. While it would be easier to obtain a Class 5 Magical Beast in a King City, the nearest King City to our location is too far away for us to make the trip undisturbed. Even if we were to obtain a Class 5 Magical Beast there, transporting it out of the King City would be a challenge of its own. That would be no good, we would be attacked there for it. The best choice for us is to get the one right in front of us.”
With that said, another middle aged man spoke with a grim face, “Vice Pavilion lord, do you think we should continue bidding for this then?
The man hesitated as he listened to the man before nodding his head, “The Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion bids 55,000 purple coins.
With that said, everyone in the auction hall gasped.
Suddenly, another voice cried out with angry over the gasps of the audience.
“The Youlan clan bids 60,000 purple coins……”
Hearing the newest price, a few of the men within the Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion had ugly expressions on their faces.
“65,000 purple coins…” In the short moment of silence, the Vice Pavilion Lord spoke out a higher price.
By now, many of the influential powers had already long since pulled out of this struggle for the Class 5 Magical Beast. There was only the Youlan clan and the Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion left to fight for it.
“Bang!”
From the Youlan clan’s box, the sounds of a fist slamming into a table could be heard as the Youlan clan was infuriated by the other side’s actions.
Just as quickly as the sound came, the auction hall grew silent as everyone looked toward the Youlan clan box.
“Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion, this Class 5 Magical Beast is needed by our Youlan clan. Would it be too much to ask for you to hand it over? After this, the Youlan clan will offer our thanks.” An elderly voice came from the box. There was an undeniably angry voice that couldn’t be hidden at all.
“My apologies, but our Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion is also in need of this Class 5 Magical Beast. If you can increase the price beyond our amount, then we will give it up.”
An elderly voice came from the Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion box. The voice wasn’t hard to hear, so everyone knew it was the vice leader of the Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion.
“Good…Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion, our Youlan clan will remember this. 70,000 purple coins…” The Youlan clan elder gnashed his teeth as he called out a price.
This time, the Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion didn’t call out a price. After waiting for a few more seconds, the host on the stand finally spoke out.
“This Class 5 Quick Cloud Beast has been offered to the Youlan clan for 70,000 purple coins, does anyone wish to bid even higher…?”
The entire 10,000 people in the audience all were quiet. After waiting a few more moments, the host didn’t hear any more prices, so he said, “Going once for 70,000 purple coins to the Youlan clan…”
Inside the Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion.
“Vice Pavilion Lord, the Youlan clan has a considerable amount of power within Fire Cloud City, but our Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion isn’t any weaker than they are. We shouldn’t give up on this Class 5 Magical Beast. Phoenix City isn’t too far away from our Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion, and even with us requiring plenty of security to transport it back, this is a hard to come by opportunity.” A middle aged man said.
“Ai…” Hearing this, the vice leader let out a breath of air, “We aren’t afraid of the Youlan clan, but this Class 5 Magical Beast has already far surpassed what price we could manage to support. Our Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion isn’t as rich as the Youlan clan. And even if we were to buy the Class 5 Magical Beast, then our Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion would be in dire straits financially, which would not be favorable to us.”
“Could it be with such a good opportunity, we are giving it up?” A youth lamented.
“There’s no other choice than to renounce it. Even if we obtain the Class 5 Magical Beast, it does not mean the Pavilion Lord would be able to make the breakthrough. In the case that he fails, then our Flowing Cloud Sword Pavilion would suffer tremendous damages that we can’t afford to lose.” The vice leader said.
Hearing this, everyone could only nod their heads in silence. Making a breakthrough from a Great Saint Master to an Earth Saint Master was indescribably hard. Even with the help of Class 5 Magical Beast meat, the success rate was not a hundred percent. In the case that it failed, the person would become nothing more than a cripple who would be better off dead.
“Going twice to the Youlan clan for 70,000 purple coins, are there any more takers…?”
“Going thrice to the Youlan clan for-”
“One moment…”

  

