
  
Chapter 98: Another Heavy Loss
Highlight above for title.

“Uncle Feng, what nonsense are you spouting at him? Help me kill him!” The girl cried out behind him with a furious glare in her eyes. Already, her eyes were tearing up from the thought that Jian Chen had seen her body in its full glory. Indeed, just thinking about how she was naked in front of Jian Chen had caused her to be angry beyond belief, causing her to also feel wronged. This was the first time since she was born that she was seen by a man like this, and it was by a stranger. For the conservative lady, this type of outcome was worse than death.
“Haha, young miss, although your uncle Feng is unwilling to help out, then let your uncle Yun come help teach this daring bully a lesson.” At that moment, another voice came into the clearing as another white robed elderly man came into view. Appearing in front of Jian Chen, he waved his fist for a brief moment before striking at Jian Chen’s chest.
The elder’s strength was unbelievably profound, in that one fist, Jian Chen didn’t doubt that it was extremely strong. Immediately dodging towards the side, Jian Chen suddenly felt a large amount of pressure on his body. The pressure was so large that it felt as if his entire body was burdened with a thousand pound weight, or even a mountain. Breathing was already a difficult task, his entire body felt like it was about to be crushed.
Just at the moment when the pressure was at its heaviest, the azure and violet glow in his dantian began to flicker rapidly. However, while his dantian was undergoing such a state, Jian Chen himself did not notice.
“Old man Yun, hold on a moment!” The first elder named Uncle Feng by the lady cried out as his face changed rapidly.
Unfortunately, he had spoken too late. The one named Uncle Yun looked at his fist as it struck Jian Chen’s chest precisely.
A mouthful of blood escaped his mouth as he felt his internal organs get damaged, the elder had smashed Jian Chen’s chest hard enough to leave a dent in it. Not only did the elder break Jian Chen’s bones where he was hit, but even his internal organs were just as heavily damaged.
In the moment the elder had attacked Jian Chen, the weak azure and violet glow flickered as it made contact with the elder’s palm before instantly disappearing. Jian Chen on the other hand was sent flying back.
“Yi!” The elder’s face changed as he gave a small start. Looking at Jian Chen fly into the air with an flabbergasted face, his eyes contained a glint of disbelief and astonishment.
Jian Chen flew 30 meters into the air before crashing into the ground with a large bang. As he laid on the ground, he spat out a large mouthful of blood as he felt the pain from his ruptured organs. Already his face was as white as a sheet of paper from the lack of blood, even his face was lax.
Seeing Jian Chen barely alive, the one named Uncle Yun started to blink slowly before opening his mouth to say, “Youngster, you have such a strong vitality if you can take one of my blows without dying. Fine then, today I will let you go.” With that said, the one called Uncle Yun walked back towards the woman.
“Ai, I hope there won’t be anymore disturbances.” The elder behind the woman said. The one called Uncle Feng waved his hand and sent the Light Wind Sword stuck between his fingers back towards Jian Chen. As it made contact with him, it disappeared from sight.
“Young miss, let us leave now.” The one named Uncle Feng said loudly as a large flying magical beast descended, landing near the three.
The woman’s anger wasn’t completely satisfied however. Turning her head back, she said, “Uncle Feng, that person isn’t dead yet, that won’t do. I want him dead today.” She walked towards Jian Chen with her sword ready to strike, it was clear that she did not want Jian Chen to get away with seeing her bathe.
“Young miss, don’t make such trouble.” Uncle Feng stood in front to block the girl from moving closer to Jian Chen.
“Uncle Feng!” The woman argued. She had still felt wronged to the point of tearing in the eyes, almost ready to cry at any moment.
“Young miss, don’t be so unruly. It’s getting late, so we should get going now.” The elder behind her spoke flatly. With a wave of his hands, a large ball of Saint Force enveloped the lady and placed her on top of the flying magical beast.
On top of the flying magical beast, the lady stamped her feet in anger at the elder who put her there, “Uncle Yun, why aren’t you spoiling Luan Er?”
The two elders looked at each other in the eye with a look of helplessness. Stepping onto the flying magical beast, they immediately took off from the ground with a large gust of wind, sending them flying into the horizon.
In midair, the lady stood on top of the back of the flying magical beast and glared down at the rapidly shrinking figure of Jian Chen. In her eyes was a look of anger that would never dissipate.
“Uncle Feng, Uncle Yun, what is going on with you two? How could you let that scoundrel go?” She stamped her foot in angry grievance. The mist in her eyes had already become tears that threatened to fall off of her eyelashes.
Hearing that, the one named Uncle Feng sighed, judging by how wet and disorderly her hair was, he already knew what had happened to her.
“Young miss, that man is quite complicated. Right now the clan is under a great deal of pressure, at this critical moment, it is best to avoid to make new enemies just in case they bring a new source of trouble to the clan.” Uncle Feng said helplessly.
“Uncle Feng, since when were you a coward afraid of death? That scoundrel’s strength was weak, how could you think that he could be a threat to our clan?” The lady said angrily.
“Young miss, that man really isn’t simple, it’s best not to offend anyone. Although his power is quite weak, but the person behind him is definitely strong.” Said the one who first struck out at Jian Chen, Uncle Yun with a solemn but worried face. Then, he lifted his cloth-wrapped hand to show the two deep wounds on his right hand. Although the blood had stopped, the elder’s right hand could still be seen as having two wounds that went from the hollow of his palm to the back of it as if a sword had cut through it.
When the lady saw the injured hand of the elder, her cherry red lips opened wide along with her eyes in disbelief. “Uncle Yun! You’re…you’re injured!” She cried out in astonishment.
The one named Uncle Feng started before saying, “Old man Yun, how unexpected for you to be injured.”
Uncle Yun nodded his head slowly, “This wound was given to me by that 20 year old youth.”
“How is this possible, Uncle Yun. You have to be joking. The scoundrel’s strength wasn’t strong at all, if he couldn’t even beat me, how would he be able to harm you?” She bounded forward in shock.
“Old man Yun, how did you get such a wound like this?” Uncle Feng said with doubt.
Uncle Yun could only look back at the other with a blank face, “I don’t know that either. When I attacked him earlier, I felt a pain in my palm and then I saw the wound. Whatever had hurt me, I don’t know.”
Hearing this, Uncle Yun gave a gasp, “This youngster really is complicated. From the moment I saw his Saint Weapon, I knew that it would stand out from the masses; his Saint Weapon wasn’t like everyone else’s. Whatever happened within him, it made his Saint Weapon even stronger, even his strength isn’t matching up with what is expected.”
The woman was left stunned by Uncle Yun’s words.
“It’s a good thing we didn’t kill him, otherwise the one standing behind him would be a huge bother for our clan if they stepped forward. Right now we can only hope the ones supporting him won’t be too strong, or that this person had only inherited some techniques from his ancestors.”
……
By the riverside, Jian Chen laid down on the ground with blood dying his clothes red. The elder’s fist had caused serious damage to Jian Chen, the bones in his chest were crushed, and his organs suffered extreme trauma. Right now, aside from being fully conscious, Jian Chen was powerless to move. It could be said that ever since Jian Chen was born, this was the most serious damage he had suffered. If it was not for the fact he had used a unique way to cultivate and had refined his body in ways that far outstripped others, the elder’s hand would have sent him to a messy death.
The Light Saint Force from the World Essence began to surge and condense towards Jian Chen. Quickly, Jian Chen was enveloped within the milky white glow and had it absorbed into every single pore of his body. With that, Jian Chen was beginning to recover at a very fast rate.

  

