
Chapter 64: Goodbye Uncle ChangThe headmaster murmured quietly, “What you said is correct, Changyang Xiang Tian must be protected. Bai En, you stay here and resolve the matters in the medicinal building, I will go to the Changyang Clan immediately. Otherwise, if we were to wait for the experts of the Hua Yun sect to arrive, the situation will become too terrible.After, the headmaster walked towards the frame of the window and jumped out of it. Then just like a big bird, he immediately flew into the sky with frightening speed and flew off into the horizon.Seeing the headmaster disappear into the horizon, Bai En let loose a sigh. “Changyang Xiang Tian has really disturbed the peace this time. If he had only just beaten them, then the situation wouldn’t be that bad, but he had to go and cut off Cheng Mingxiang’s arm! Although it’s not like the arm can’t be reattached, but the strength needed for this is too high. Even the Hua Yun Sect cannot invite a rank 7 Radiant Saint Master with ease.By this point, the entire academy had heard about the three students who had their arms chopped off by Changyang Xiang Tian. It was the topic of discussion amongst every student, and with that, Changyang Xiang Tian’s strength had created another shock between the teachers and students.While the academy was talking about that, Jian Chen sat crossed legged on his bed as he began to reflect upon his actions. He knew in his heart that by chopping off the arms of Cheng Mingxiang, Luo Jian, and Ka Di Yun, he had brought upon a great deal of trouble on himself. However, he didn’t regret what he had done at all so all he could do right now was ponder deeply on how he could deal with the wrath of the three groups.The day went by quickly and soon became night time.“Dong dong dong!”A loud knocking sound came from the other side of Jian Chen’s room.Hearing the sound, the crossed legged Jian Chen slowly opened his eyes. Looking down to see the various Class 1 Monster Cores without energy, he sighed silently before looking towards the door, “Who is it?”“Changyang Xiang Tian, this is vice headmaster Chang Bai En!” Came Bai En’s familiar voice from outside the door.Jian Chen immediately got off his bed and walked over to open the door. Vice headmaster Chang Bai En was standing right outside his door, with an unsightly expression.“Vice headmaster, what’s wrong?” Jian Chen asked in a conversational tone. He already guessed what the vice headmaster had come for, but his heart was still extremely calm and unwavering.Vice headmaster Chang Bai En glanced at Jian Chen with a complicated look and sighed, “Changyang Xiang Tian, please pack up, then immediately follow me to the headmaster’s office.”“Oh!” Jian Chen indifferently replied. He did not say anything afterwards, and quietly went back to his room to pack up his things.Jian Chen didn’t have many belongings; he grabbed some of his own medicines and stored them into his Space Belt. Then he followed Bai En to the center of the academy where the single, lone tower stood.“Ah, look over there, isn’t that Changyang Xiang Tian?”“It is, looks like he’s walking together with the vice headmaster. Maybe he received a super strict punishment…”………As they walked through the sports field, a crowd of students started to gather and chatter amongst themselves.Jian Chen turned a deaf ear to the discussions that had arisen around him. He followed behind vice headmaster Bai En, and they soon arrived at the central tower, and directly entered the headmaster’s office.Right next to the vice headmaster’s table sat two elders. One of them was a relieved headmaster while the other elder was wearing a cyan colored Pao and had long black hair that was tied back. From behind the desk, the old man looked quite ordinary just like any other old man.“Headmaster, Changyang Xiang Tian has been brought!” Vice headmaster greeted politely.Hearing this, the headmaster’s gaze immediately settled onto Jian Chen, and he said in a calm voice, “Bai En, you may leave!”“Yes sir!” Bai En quickly left. At that moment, the only people left inside the office were Jian Chen and Kargath Academy’s headmaster, as well as an elder in a blue/green robe.Ever since Jian Chen first entered, his line of vision had been fixed on the blue/green clad elder. This elder wasn’t any stranger to Jian Chen; it was Changyang clan’s butler —— Chang Bai.“Chang Bai, why have you come?” Jian Chen said while looking at the elder.Chang Bai gave a complicated look at Jian Chen before sighing, “Fourth master, from all of your days at Kargath Academy, we have been watching you and your achievements. Whether it be your mother or father, they both feel extremely proud, but this act of yours today was too impulsive.”Jian Chen naturally understood what Chang Bai was saying, and said firmly, “Chang Bai, I don’t regret anything. They brought this onto themselves. My older brother hadn’t offended them in any way, but they still heavily injured him. Even if I relived this experience, I would still do the same thing.”Chang Bai sighed, “Fourth master, I don’t disagree with your methods, after all, in the Tian Yuan continent, it is strength that rules over others. Although their strength was weaker than yours, you did not think about the powers they had backing them up. If it was just the Ka Di clan or Luo Clan, then our Changyang Clan would not have much trouble with dealing with them, but Cheng Mingxiang is the treasured son of the Hua Yun Sect’s leader. The Hua Yun Sect holds the biggest amount of power in the Gesun Kingdom after the royal family, so this is a power the Changyang Clan cannot afford to provoke.”“Changyang Xiang Tian, the Hua Yun Sect’s strength is quite formidable. Although they aren’t as powerful as the royal family, even the royal family is afraid of any consequences from meddling with them. Currently, among the top six experts in Gesun Kingdom, the Hua Yun Sect alone takes up two of those spots.” The headmaster said with a serious expression.Jian Chen’s expression also gradually grew more serious at these words.At that moment, a light knock came from outside the door. A respectful voice rang out from outside, “Respected headmaster, Changyang Hu has been brought!”“Enter!” The headmaster said.The door opened, and a teacher walked in leading Changyang Hu. Changyang Hu was currently wearing a new academy uniform, but scars still clearly covered his face.“Chang Bai!” Changyang Hu yelled the moment he walked in, he was unable to contain his emotions as he spoke with astonishment.The teacher didn’t enter the headmaster’s office. After sending Changyang Hu in, and sending the headmaster his respects, he lightly closed the door and left.Chang Bai’s eyes lingered onto the scar on Changyang Hu’s face, his pair of ordinary looking eyes finally revealed some fury in them. Without any other external movements, he spoke, “Eldest Master, you’ve suffered greatly.”Changyang Hu shook his head without any mind, and said, “It’s just a bit of injury, nothing major. However, Chang Bai, why did you come to the academy?” Changyang Hu asked in confusion.Chang Bai’s face didn’t react in the slightest, and instead said gently, ‘Eldest Master, Fourth Master, you should go pick up the rest of your things.”Jian Chen quietly nodded without saying a word.“I’ve already packed everything, Chang Bai, did you come to take me away?” Changyang Hu asked in a reluctant tone.Chang Bai nodded, “Correct, I’ve come today to pick you two up and depart from the academy. It would be unwise for you two to continue living at Kargath Academy.”Hearing this, Changyang Hu’s expression became dark. He had spent quite a long time at Kargath Academy, and had already developed special feelings of attachment towards it.“Changyang Hu, Changyang Xiang Tian, you two should first head out, I still have a few things I want to discuss with Chang Bai.” The headmaster said.Jian Chen and Changyang Hu didn’t have any objections, and they immediately turned around to walk out of the headmaster’s office.Jian Chen and Changyang Hu weren’t kept waiting for long; Chang Bai came out from the headmaster’s office soon after. However, when he looked at the two, his faced changed to one of happiness.Jian Chen and Changyang Hu followed Chang Bai down the tower, and got onto the flying-type magical beast to leave Kargath Academy. It directly flew up into the air, and began heading towards Lore City.Jian Chen and Changyang Hu didn’t speak on the magical beast’s back. While the two were being rushed home, the both of them seemed to be extremely heavy-hearted.Within Jian Chen’s head, he couldn’t help but to think about the motherly affections he had received. Although Jian Chen wasn’t a kid in his mind, he had never dealt with such an experience before and so this motherly affection was a new thing; so Jian Chen had a very low resistance towards this.In Jian Chen’s mind, he could not help but recall his previous life in the Changyang household. His mother had been wholeheartedly caring towards him, and had loved him dearly every step of his life. This made Jian Chen’s frozen heart, which had never experienced a mother’s love before, become a sea of warmth, and he enjoyed and treasured this feeling.Time quietly passed as the Class 4 Magical Beast soared through the air at high speeds and caused the wind to constantly whistle in Jian Chen’s ear. Jian Chen’s black, waist-length hair was blown messily in the air as it danced in the wind. Especially now that he had a handsome and dashing appearance, he looked as confident as ever as he rode on top of the flying magical beast with ease.The flying magical beast crossed over many different villages and cities under the guise of the pitch dark skies. After a few hours of flying a thousand kilometers above the ground, they finally arrived at Lore City.Under the control of Chang Bai, the Eagle Beast descended onto the grounds of the Changyang Mansion. The servants who managed the rear courts had long since left the area, leaving behind only the most loyal of guardsmen.A large gust of wind descended upon the courtyards as the Eagle Beast came down from the skies and landed onto the ground as the three males climbed down from it.A group of people had already gathered around the Eagle Beast with a middle aged man wearing a black and white Pao leading the group. This was the master of Changyang Mansion and the father of Jian Chen–Changyang Ba. By his side were four very beautiful women– Jian Chen’s mother Bi Yuntian and his three aunts. Standing by his fourth aunt’s side was a girl who looked to be around 18 years old. This was his 2nd sister he hadn’t seen in a few months–Changyang Mingyue. Standing right next to her was another person who looked to be around Jian Chen’s age; it was Changyang Ke, his third brother. However, in Changyang Ke’s eyes was a look of mirth as if he was happy to see Jian Chen in such misery after leaving Kargath Academy.Standing behind the family were a few middle aged men and elders, they were high ranking members of the clan, but each one of them had a grave expression on their faces as they looked at Jian Chen with a complicated stare. Some looked at him with happiness, others with an expectant expression, and some who just sighed.Chang Bai walked towards Changyang Ba and gave a small smile, “Clan leader, I have not failed you. I have brought the eldest master and fourth master back home safely.” He stated.Changyang Ba looked at Chang Bai and clasped his hands together, “Chang Bai, thank you very much for your trouble.”“Clan leader is being too courteous, this is just part of my duty.” Chang Bai said.Changyang Ba swept his gaze across Jian Chen and Changyang Hu. His eyes held both expressions of gratification and admiration as he looked at Jian Chen, and his expression had also become excited, although it was still nevertheless worried. Finally, he let out a long sigh and said, “Xiang’er, Ah Hu, both of you come with me to the main hall.” Changyang Ba turned around and began to walk out.  
