
  
Chapter 135: Escape From Wake City

Wake City may have been a Third Class City with a small amount of permanent residents, but because of its proximity to the Magical Beast Mountain Range and the amount of fertile land around them, the amount of people that flowed in and out of the city was at a constant high.
There were countless merchants and peddlers trying to sell their wares in the streets of Wake City. Some stores were selling almost anything imaginable, but among all the stores, restaurants held the dominant spot in the industry. Mercenaries and merchants in caravans endlessly walked the streets while gossiping among each other. The clamor in the streets was truly a sign that Wake City was flourishing.
However, at this moment, there was a huge disturbance on those same streets. Everyone could only see a youthful figure with blood soaked clothes come running toward them at breakneck speeds. The appearance of the youth had been noticed by many people on the streets, who all pointed and began to chat with each other.
“Whoever blocks that person will be heavily rewarded by the Tianxiong clan!”
At the same time, a thunderous yell came from behind. A few more disheveled figures came running out from behind as they chased after the youth at equally fast speeds.
“Tianxiong clan, they’re from the Tianxiong clan…”
“The Tianxiong clan is the number 1 clan in Wake City. I wouldn’t dare to provoke the person that has committed an offense against the Tianxiong clan.”
After hearing the middle aged man’s words, many mercenaries began to whisper to each other. However, not a single person decided to chase after that youth and block his path.
That youth was Jian Chen, the one who had easily killed the young master of the Tianxiong clan, as well as a few other mercenaries affiliated with them.
Jian Chen hurried on over toward the city gates. Whenever he came across an obstruction, he would quickly fly over it with extreme speed. Despite this, there were still a few Saint Masters that were chasing him closely. However, Jian Chen’s use of the Profound Steps had put him at an advantage, so even though those middle aged men were stronger than him, they were unable to overtake him. They would need at least need to be at the Great Saint level with a wind attributed Saint Force in order to overwhelm him; otherwise, their speed was only enough to barely keep up with Jian Chen’s level. Plus, they weren’t able to overcome the obstacles as easily as Jian Chen had.
Despite being a Third Class City, the amount of area Wake City spanned across was still huge. Even if Jian Chen hurried to the city gates as fast as he possibly could, the period would at least take the amount of time it takes for a candle to burn.
Having put all his effort into running away, Jian Chen was now breathing quite hard. He had previously just engaged in a fierce battle that consumed quite a bit of his Saint Force, and now he was even injured. The burden that he felt from running with all his might under his current condition was extremely great. In addition, his body was feeling the intense pain from his wounds every time he moved, so Jian Chen’s nerves were being put to the severe test.
Up ahead, the gigantic and majestic towers of the city gates blurrily came into view, along with the soldiers on it. Right now, Jian Chen was about 5 kilometers away from the city gates, while the Saint Masters behind him were about 50 meters away from him.
Seeing the city gates get closer and closer, Jian Chen’s heart couldn’t help but relax a bit, although his speed didn’t lessen. Jian Chen was aware that with his current strength, there was no way for him to go against the Tianxiong clan, which had an enormous influence over Wake City. Right now, all Jian Chen wanted to do was to escape from Wake City. That way, the amount of danger would decrease drastically.
“Roar!”
At this moment, the angry roar of a magical beast came from behind Jian Chen. As the roar dissipated, another angry shout followed soon after.
“I, Tianxiong Lie, will heavily reward whoever catches that man!”
Hearing the sounds coming from behind, Jian Chen’s face changed slightly. Based on the voice, he could determine how strong the person was, and this was someone he couldn’t afford to fight against.
“Tianxiong Lie, I presume that’s someone else from the Tianxiong clan.” Jian Chen thought to himself secretly. Increasing his speed, Jian Chen began to run even faster.
The merchants and mercenaries that had heard the angry roar of Tianxiong Lie looked stunned..
“Tianxiong Lie, isn’t that the current leader of the number 1 clan in Wake City?”
“To offend a member of the Tianxiong Clan and then be chased by them, means that they must be a strong person then. Forget it, I’ve only just reached the Great Saint level, it’s best not to get involved.”
“The Tianxiong clan is the strongest within the city, if I were to help stop this person, then Tianxiong Lie would definitely reward me handsomely. Perhaps I can even become a friend of the Tianxiong clan. Something like this would be very fortuitous for me.”
A few of the mercenaries who were familiar with the power structure in Wake City began to talk about the status of Tianxiong Lie. As they talked to each other, a few of the stronger men had started to weigh the benefits of helping out.
It was obvious that Tianxiong Lie had quite an amount of prestige in Wake City. The moment he spoke out, many mercenaries had immediately been influenced. Seeing Jian Chen come running toward them, many of the mercenaries had already brought out their Saint Weapons and walked out to block Jian Chen’s path.
The moment one mercenary walked forward, all the other mercenaries followed suit, and helped to block Jian Chen’s path. These men were clearly enticed by the irresistible reward put up by Tianxiong Lie; after all, the Tianxiong clan was as powerful in reality as they were in name.
Seeing the group of people up ahead, Jian Chen’s face immediately hardened. But since he was going so fast, he was already right next to them in the span less than five seconds.
Just as Jian Chen was about to make contact, the mercenaries brought their Saint Weapons out to as they charged at him.
Not wanting to get entangled with them, Jian Chen leapt into the air to dodge the incoming group. Landing on top of the roof of a store, he disappeared over the heads over the crowd.
“Where do you think you’re escaping to!”
Immediately a group of experts with faster reaction times flew up with him, and slashed at Jian Chen with their Saint Weapons.
A severe amount of killing intent flashed flashed from Jian Chen as the silver colored Light Wind Sword appeared out of nowhere. With a swish of his hand, it quickly flew at his pursuers.
“Ding ding ding ding!”
The sounds of Saint Weapons clashing against each other rang throughout the air as blood began to sprinkle down below. The few amount of mercenaries that had chased after Jian Chen were like broken kites that had back down to the ground uselessly. After dropping them to the ground and silently struggling by herse. lf there was no movement from them. Instead, a trickle of blood flowed from their throats and chests to the ground below them.

  


