
  
Chapter 160: Appearance of a Class 5 Magical Beast

Jian Chen instantly grew serious as he heard the abrupt heaven shaking roar. Looking in the direction of the yell, he thought to himself, “For a simple roar to have such an intense effect, this must be a Peak Class 4 Magical Beast.” Just as Jian Chen had this thought, a terrifyingly strong wave of energy made its way over to him. This wave of energy was so strong that it could be seen by the naked eye as it spread throughout the air and caused havoc. Many of the ancient tall trees were slowly drawn toward the source of energy as it overwhelmed anything in the sky.
Jian Chen grew even more solemn as he felt this extreme change in atmosphere. He was originally shocked by the wave of energy coming at him, but now he was stunned and couldn’t help but say, “With this power, it might as well be a Class 5 Magical Beast.”
The spread of the wave of energy was exceedingly fast. In a split second it had reached where Jian Chen stood, but in that moment, the energy had begun to wane in power before becoming nothing more than a strong whistle through his ears as it passed. Jian Chen’s clothes were blown slightly along with his long black hair which began to drift in the wind.
The angry roar of the magical beast continued to be heard throughout the area with an explosive sound. The wave of energy simultaneously continued to wreak havoc on the ground by shaking it.
Jian Chen’s face grew serious as he heard two different roars. His eyes revealed a small amount of surprise as he muttered, “It seems that there’s 2 Class 5 Magical Beasts fighting each other.” Jian Chen then immediately ran in the direction of the roars.
Following the aftermath of the damage from the energy wave, Jian Chen quickly traveled toward where the fight was taking place.
500 meters ahead of Jian Chen were two Class 5 Magical Beasts fighting intensely against each other. Each and every time they clashed, a strong wave of energy surged out in all directions. Even the ground had started to be filled with holes as the two magical beasts fought each other, the craters being a few meters deep. Nearby trees were uprooted and thrown about and some were even sent flying far into the sky with the tall grass becoming nothing more than a fine powder.
Hiding 500 meters away to avoid being spotted by the two Class 5 Magical Beasts, Jian Chen stood in a bush and watched the beasts fight with an attentive eye.
Although the two magical beasts were moving at rapid speeds, Jian Chen could clearly see the minute details of their fight. Between the two magical beasts fighting, one had a color as dark as the night and a body the same size of a cow. However, on the back of its shoulders was a pair of equally dark wings.
On the other side was a tiny but snowy white dog like magical beast. Although the two magical beasts were completely different sizes, the intensity in which they were fighting at was the same.
“Hou!”
“Hou!”
The angry snarls continuously flowed from their mouths like a bullet of energy that rippled through the air. As soon as the roars left the magical beasts’ mouths, the air shook with the vibrations and caused every other sound in the area to be drowned out.
“This is truly the strength of a Class 5 Magical Beast!” Jian Chen remarked as he observed the two magical beasts battle. His entire body stood firmly in place despite the ground shaking beneath him. He was however, afraid of gaining the attention of the two magical beasts and inviting unwanted trouble.
Despite Jian Chen’s current strength of a Peak Saint Master and being unafraid of any Peak Class 4 Magical Beast, Jian Chen was not completely confident that he could run away from the two Class 5 Magical Beasts after this display of strength.
Although a Class 5 Magical Beast only had a single level difference with a Class 4 magical Beast, in between this gap was like the gap separating the heavens and the earth.
The two magical beasts continued to fight for over half the day before their snarls finally began to weaken. By this point in time, the two had scars and wounds all over their bodies and were barely capable of standing up. Their bellies were moving up and down as they tried to breathe in a frantic manner.
Seeing such a miserable scene, Jian Chen couldn’t help but think to himself, “Judging by this, both sides are already at a disadvantageous stalemate. They don’t even have the energy to stand and are completely exhausted.” Jian Chen suddenly felt a surge of confidence. Even the blood within him seemed to boil in anticipation as his heart began to palpitate.
Jian Chen lay on the ground with a small look of hesitation adorning his face. Debating furiously with himself, he finally came to a conclusion. Biting his lip, he stood up onto the ground and quickly made it over to where the magical beasts were.
“Hou!”
The two magical beasts finally realized that Jian Chen was rapidly approaching and so they let out one more angry roar. Their eyes flashed dangerously at Jian Chen but other than that, they couldn’t do anything else.
Just as he got within a hundred meters of the two, Jian Chen suddenly stopped as his face grew unnaturally serious. Even though the magical beasts in front of him were injured, that didn’t make Jian Chen any less cautious.
Slowly walking forward, Jian Chen advanced one step at a time towards the two Class 5 Magical Beasts. At the same time, the Light Wind Sword appeared within his hand with a hazy glow surrounding the blade as if swallowing it.
“Hou!”
Class 5 Magical Beasts all had a good amount of intelligence; they had long since realized what Jian Chen was trying to do. With another threatening roar at Jian Chen, they warned him to not get any closer.
Jian Chen paid no heed to the angry roars of the magical beasts and carefully approached closer and closer to them. At the same time, Jian Chen had wanted to charge at the magical beasts to kill them, but for the sake of his own health, he had to be more cautious. After all, these were Class 5 Magical Beasts, not Class 4 Magical Beasts.

  

