Chapter I Serving Cavaliers (1)Odin Town is located on the southern border of the Temple Alliance and has more than 3,000 households. It is considered to be the larger town in the city of Haoyue City.The rising sun rises and gently touches the earth with light and warmth, and it seems to be awakening life. At this time, in the center of Odin Town, a relatively large building with a floor area of ​​approximately 1,000 square meters is undergoing an assessment."Tell me, why do you want to become a knight." A rich and powerful, with a bit of metal-like sound.“Guarding humanity, guarding goodness, guarding the temple, and guarding loved ones.” The voice of the answer was neat and tender, and it was clear that they had not answered this question for the first time.This two-story building is the Knights Templar Hall in Odin Town, or Odinzi Hall for short, and is specially responsible for the selection of children who are likely to become knights in Oding Town. More than 30 children stand here today. The Cavaliers’ first-class knight attendants will be assessed. Only by becoming a knight's attendant can they continue to learn and cultivate here.The voice of honest voice is a middle-aged strong man with tall stature. His name is Barza and he is the knight's attendant chief instructor at the Odinzi Palace. It is said that when he was only a little, he could become a real knight."Tell me, what are the rules of the Cavaliers?" Balza gazed hard at the children who were living in the town of Odin, who were generally between eight and ten years old.The answer is still uniform, "Humility, Honesty, Mercy, Heroism, Justice, Sacrifice, Honor, Persistence, Love, Justice."Barzalo nodded with satisfaction and said, "Very well. You have been practicing here for a year now. Today is the time to accept the assessment. The knight attends grades 1 to 10, and the corresponding spiritual power is 10 to 100. Your task today is to achieve a spiritual power of more than ten and become a first-class knight attendant. All those who successfully pass the examination will continue to practice here for three years, and then go to Haoyue City to participate in the examination of the prospective knight only if you become When a prospective knight like me was really part of the Knights Templar, now Jiang Hu."“Yes.” A taller teenager walked out and took down the wooden sword behind him.All juveniles are equipped with the same, each with a three-foot long, three-inch wide, and two-inch wooden sword. The knight attendance examination is also very simple, Barza in front of a seemingly wooden pier, after the wooden pier is connected to a stone trough, there are stone beads in the stone trough. Hit the wooden pier, the stone beads will vibrate, according to the height of the vibration when the height of the evaluation of spiritual power. Can be regarded as the most primitive tool for evaluating spiritual power. However, within one hundred spiritual powers, it is still accurate.Spiritual power is a universal value that the Demon Continent evaluates the strength of all professions. Whether it is a knight, a magician or any other profession, the strengths and weaknesses are assessed by spiritual power. In general, the ten-point spiritual power is equivalent to the power of a normal adult man."Ah--" Jiang Hu shouted, holding wooden swords in both hands and squeaking and squeaking on the wooden pier."Hey." Stone beads jumped up.Balzah nodded with satisfaction and took a roster in hand to record. At the same time, he said, "Jiang Hu, Spiritual Force 13, passed. Next,..."The speed of this assessment is very fast. It takes half a person to complete the work in a short while, and almost half of it passes."Long Haochen." When the name was called out, Balzac raised his head subconsciously, his eyes fixed on a thin young boy.This boy is obviously malnourished and thin compared with others. However, he has an amazing face.Naturally formed supple eyebrows, large eyes, long eyelashes, straight nose, fair skin, moderately thick lips. Even if he looks only eight or nine years old, he is beautiful enough to make a woman crazy. In particular, although he is black hair, he has a pair of clear blue eyes. If you put on a women's wear, it is definitely the color of the country.Long Haochen walked to Barza and did not take off the wooden sword as other people did. Instead, he placed his right fist in the heart and bent down to swear: "Teacher."Barbara’s original serious gaze became a bit softer, nodded and said, “Get started.”Take off the wooden sword, Long Hao Chen took a deep breath, suddenly picked up the giant sword, go all out to the wooden pier.With a bang, stone beads bounced. However, it clearly does not have a scale of more than ten.Barza once frowned and said, "The spiritual power of the nine failed." He can see from the degree of rebound of the wooden sword, Long Haochen has indeed gone all out, but he still failed to pass the assessment and become A waiter knight.The face of Long Junchen's handsome appearance became red, and he looked at Barza. Some excitement: "Instructor, I, I..."Barza sighed slightly and said: "Go on."Long Haochen eagerly said: "Teacher, give me another chance. I will definitely pass."Balza's brow wrinkled and said: "But this is unfair to others who have not passed."Long Haochen was silent at the moment, but in his eyes, he seemed to have more of a trait. Barza noticed his eyes. At this moment, the attendant knight instructor could not help but slammed. What was that? Persistence? Is the obsession in the ten rules of the Cavaliers? The ten knights' rules are also the knight's top ten spirits. Even some real knights may not be able to see one of them shining.It was at this moment that Long Haochen had already turned around and faced all the teenagers present at the scene. He collapsed to the ground with a very earnest voice and said to those partners who had been training together for a year: “Request to you, Give me another chance." He said, he went down.Balza was stunned, and the teenagers were all stunned. For children, who are generally only eight or nine years old and up to eleven years old, they did not understand why Long Haochen was so persistent. In the eyes of most teenagers, it doesn't matter if you don't become a knight.What happened to Barza’s eyes gradually became more and more. If he had changed other children, he might think that the child is eager for quick success or something, but not for Long Haochen. Because this handsome boy looks thin, but he is the hardest one in the training of the past year. Not only did he finish the necessary training every day, but he would come one hour early in the morning and one hour later.Balzza was a tenth quasi-knight. He had been a teacher for ten years in this town of Odin, but Long Haochen was the most diligent student he had ever seen. This boy never needs supervision. He not only trains hard day after day, but also treats people very gently. He is very good to everyone. He never refuses when these friends who are training with him ask him for help.This is why the time when Long Yuchen's assessment comes to an end causes Barza's eyes to become soft. The Long Haochen failed to pass the assessment also made him startled. The hard-working child still fails the assessment. The only explanation is that his qualifications are really bad.