Chapter Twenty-Seven The War of Punishment (II)be cheated. This was Yang Wenzhao’s first reaction. He immediately realized that the attack launched by Long Haochen on the morning had gone all out and there was no tentative existence at all. In order to be on the safe side, he was taken over by him.On the rostrum, the paladin murmured, "This is the fact that fighting and killing a rounding sword is indeed his inheritance. Unfortunately, he is still far from training his home and there is not enough spirit. It is impossible to exert this self-inflicted nirvana.""Ye--" Yang Wenzhao's left-handed sword was suddenly inserted into the ground. The right-hand wrist instantly oscillated, and a layer of golden swords broke out from the right-handed sword. He staunchly resisted the attack of Long Haochen while a circle of strong golden light came from the ground. Outburst, the impact of the dragonfly in Long Haochen's battle to kill round the sword. It is the rising sky.Ascending Tianzheng can not shake off Long Haochen. Along with the display of fighting and killing the round sword, Long Haochen has already been promoted to the ultimate warfare. The state has reached a peak. Under rapid rotation, the two swords formed a horror vortex around the body with a strong spiritual power. Even if Yang Wenzhao has a liquid spirit, it's just a matter of ascending Tian Tian that it won't stop Long Haochen.However, the liquid spirit is after all a liquid spirit, and the dragon's swift spin is inevitably stagnant. Immediately afterwards, Yang Wenchao's left-handed sword, which was inserted into the ground, instantly picked up. The liquid spirit around his body slammed at a strange frequency, and he burst into a long shrill.Immediately afterwards, in the eyes of the spectators, Yang Wenzhao was instantly transformed into a golden dragon-shaped sky, colliding with Long Haochen’s fight and killing the sword.Rising Dragons hit the strongest offensive force in Knight's fifth-order skill. In the face of the pressure brought by the fight and the rounding sword, Yang Wenzhao had to use strong skills to reverse the situation.The golden dragon was turned into a mass of golden light and it was Yang Wenzhao who landed his feet and took three steps to stand firm.On the other side, Long Haochen’s swiftly-rotating figure suddenly stopped and he flipped in the air for several weeks. When he landed on the floor, he took seven or eight steps to stand still.From the perspective of changes in the two popular interest rates, it is clear that Long Haochen’s consumption is even greater, and although his fighting and killing round sword is strong, his own consumption is also great. Moreover, Yang Wenzhao's liquid spirit is overbearing after all.However, what makes Yang Wenzhao surprised is that his feet have just stood firm. Long Haochen's double swords are on both sides of the body, and the golden light and mist momentarily rises.Strong fighting will. Even Yang Wenzhao feels a burst of blood in the body. He naturally understands that Long Haochen’s situation will never be better than he himself. However, in such circumstances, Long Haochen still chooses to display his skills immediately.In the past few days, Long Haochen has been using his potential to enhance his cultivation and understanding of the subtlety of the liquid spirit. Constant deepening has made his understanding of this skill more profound than before, and the speed of his momentum has also increased significantly.assault. Yang Wenzhao’s choice was the same as that of Han Yu that day. He saw the momentum and he immediately launched an assault without hesitation. His action was more determined and swift than Han Yu. His two swords were dragged on both sides of the body. The whole person went straight to Long Haochen with a strong golden light. As the body rushed forward, the golden light became stronger and stronger. The rich liquid spirit made the gold around him more viscous.Long Haochen stood still and motionless, watching Yang Wenzhao with such a fierce momentum that he did not have any look on his face.Spur. Yang Wenzhao chose a simple skill. His purpose was only to interrupt Long Qichen’s momentum. From the previous fight, he saw that Long Haochen had a lot of secret skills. The skill of fighting round swords like Yang Wenzhao looked jealous, this is not the recorded ability of the Temple Alliance, it must be a powerful knight's own skills.The fire sword was erected and the god defended. Long Haochen began to act only when the spur was only half a mile away. While the left-handed sword is blocking the opponent's attack, the right-handed light sword has already been kicked out.All the spectators clearly saw that when Long Suichen's right-handed light sword was picked up, a touch of golden light suddenly increased in just one second, and he eventually became a bright golden light group.The momentum will never have no effect. Even if the period of time is very short, there will be a certain degree of spiritual improvement. Long Haochen’s memory of the day will give him a feeling of peace and tranquility. It seems to be a lot softer, and the golden color of the most important position in the day has even had a tendency to solidify.Hard and hard, Yang Wenzhao picked up his left hand sword, a simple white blade blocked the dragon's morning attack. However, his heart is full of shock. Because, from this recorded date, he clearly saw that Long Haochen had already touched the threshold of liquid spirit.In fact, from the beginning of the fight, Yang Wenzhao did not fully exert his hand. He was eager to see how this young boy, who seemed to be much younger than himself, defeated Han Yu. In particular, Long Haochen was turned from a guardian knight to a disciplined knight, which caused him a great deal of interest. He has the absolute certainty to be able to defeat Long Haochen, so his attack is not fierce all the time, all are based on temptation. The more temptation is, the stronger the shock in his heart is. The sword has already exerted all his strength. Otherwise, even with his cultivation, the ordinary white blade can't account for the Shangri-La.Hey, Long Haochen took a step back and Yang Wenzhao did not move. However, the strong sunshine of the second group has once again lighted up, and it is still the day.The slender body of Long Haochen was slightly slender. At this time, his face showed a bold and heroic color. Immediately after the lightsaber, the firearms that launched the defensive block were another record of the next day.With a good connection, we must know that the Japanese squall is one of the most dominating of the fourth-order skills.This time Yang Wenzhao did not dare to care about it. His large swords were erected at the same time, blocking the attack of Long Haochen again. However, this time Long Haochen did not retreat.Under the foot of a seemingly slow pace, but with a special rhythm pace, Long Hao morning light swords and fire swords waved each other, in the surrounding watchers were shocked watching, he actually stature constantly changing in the successive Yang Wenzhao A total of 18 records were recorded.Every blow is so powerful, and even more important is that with each additional blow, the momentum of Long Haochen will increase a bit, and Yang Wenzhao, who is full of imposing power with a belief of victory, will not be able to play. Fully feeling.But Yang Wenzhao was indeed strong, and he stood in the same place. His two-handed sword flew forward, blocking the eighteenth day of the day."Happy." Long Hao Chen shouted. In the sound of cheering, his body quickly retired. Because Yang Wenzhao blocked his final blow, he used a defensive strategy. The golden light of the revenge of light has been passed over his two-handed sword, and the dragon's morning retreat is a cross-headed cross.The dragon's morning retreat suddenly stopped, and the two swords crossed the same way.In the roar, Long Haochen walked three feet backwards on the feet of the ground before he completely resolved his offensive. The right-handed lightsaber held high in an instant, and the sacred atmosphere was accompanied by the rise of white light. Holy sword.