Chapter 29 Reincarnation of the Virgen (Part Two)The six temples are closely related to each other, just as the relationship between the Temple of Magic and the Temple of the Warriors is excellent, and the relationship between the Temple of the Knights and the Temple of Assassins is also the best. The knight is the best talisman of the assassin, and the assassin is also the best attacker assisting the knight. The line is under the light and walks in darkness. Qi is living and complementing each other.It was precisely for this reason that even though the high level of the Knights Templar was furious, they did not initiate a confession at the first time. Instead, they informed the Assassin Temple last night and asked them to investigate the matter thoroughly. In the early morning of the day, Han Yu came to live with the wind.The shadow of the wind has always been calm and the matter suddenly became a little weird, Shen Sheng said: "After the verification last night, things have already been taken. The shot is indeed my assassin in the temple. For this purpose, I represent the holy The temple apologized to the Knights Templar."As he said, he slowly stood up and stooped slightly to salute Han.When Han Yu heard this, his eyes began to squint. He was also the life of the Hummer. He did not know how many times he was born and died in the battle with the Mozu. An insane bloody breath suddenly emerged from him.“With the wind, is it really your assassin's sanctuary?” At this time, Han Yu became calm down and the address changed, but his face was even more ugly.He had excellent personal relationships with the wind. As early as sixty years ago, they were comrades who had fought side by side and belonged to a hunting demon group. Thirty years ago, the two men gradually became respected in their temples and their ages gradually increased. The hunting mobs in which they lived were dissolved and they began to take charge of the temple affairs.At this point, Ying Feng admits that he can't be anxious in his heart. This kind of internal contradiction rises to the point of hitting the other important person in the other temple. It is a taboo in the league. A bad one can cause internal turmoil and thus affect the Holy The prestige and harmony of the Temple Alliance.The shadow sighed with the wind and said: "Since it is what we do, how can I not admit it? You do not worry first, listen to me to make it clear. This is the case, this matter is actually because you assassin san I came to the temple and I asked you if the injured Yang Wenzhao injured another Cavalier in yesterday's game, causing him to be hit hard."After hearing him say this, Han Yee suddenly wanted to marry, and his face changed greatly. "You mean, Long Haochen bought the murderer and bought the head of your assassin temple?"If this is true, then it will be even more serious. There is no doubt that for the Knights Templar, Yang Wenzhao is the youngest generation's most outstanding existence. In the private heart of Han Hong, it is Long Haochen who pays more attention. Although Long Haochen lost in the game yesterday, his talent and strength demonstrated again greatly shocked the paladin. He has increasingly discovered that this child is simply a genius destroyer, and that the radiant light from him should be degraded by any genius.What's more, his grandson Han Yu was arranged by him to Long Haochen's side to serve as a knight from Long Haochen. If it is really Long Haochen to buy a murderer, deal with Yang Wenzhao. Well, even if he could not protect Long Haochen. If nature is so evil, it must be severely punished.At the thought of this, how can Han Ye not be overly shocked.This time, the shadow of the wind blew with a brow. "What kind of person is this Long Haochen? How can you attract so much attention? Han Xiong, you seem to be very eye-opener to him."Han Han grunted, some eagerly said: "You do not care about these, and quickly tell me, in the end is not Long Haochen buy fierce?" Long Haochen can be said to be the secret weapon of the Knights Templar, especially his age, Has been classified as highly confidential. Although he has a good relationship with the shadows, he will not speak easily for the Knights Temple’s status in the six major temples.The shadow of the wind shook his head and said, "Of course not, how does one of the little guys, who are already in a coma, buy homicides? This is the case. This Long Haochen made good contact with a member of our sanctuary and he was injured. After this member of the temple knew it, he was furious and this attacked Yang Wenzhao without permission. However, she was still merciless and did not really kill him."Han Yu did not hear Long Yuchen buy the murderer, suddenly relieved, but listened to him some of the understatement, the hearts of anger, "You said light. Do you know who is Yang Wenzhao? That is Yang Lao's grandson. Not to mention his importance to our knight's sanctuary. It is only this identity. Who will you explain to Yang Lao?"The shadow sighed with the wind and said, "Our identity has already been known in the process of checking back. But when things have happened, it must be resolved. After all, his spirit stove has not been damaged, but the injury is not Light, but with the healing power of your knight's temple, you should be able to heal him for a short period of time without leaving any sequelae. It is not enough. We are willing to come forward and ask the priests of the priest’s temple. For his treatment, and then to compensate you for some things in the Knights Templar, how do you see?"Han Hong was smart and he had already learned a lot from the fluent words. “Say, don’t you plan to hand over this assassin? You don’t even want to deal with him?”The shadow quietly nodded with the wind, "Old Korea, I'm sorry, this fact is sorry."Han Biao’s fury and irritability began to rise again, and he patted the table again. “With the wind, this is what you gave us? Do you know what the consequences of this will be?”The movie sighed with the wind and said: "I know, but I didn't do it. This person is not me. Even if it's changed, the same will not be dealt with."Han Yu coldly hummed, "He has a hard back to Taiwan is not. However, you do not forget who he hurt. If we ask the United Nations to carry out the fight back, he is not free. I advise you that it is better to solve our two major private temples."The shadow of the wind flashed through the eyes, and the heart sighed. This little girl really does not worry! It seems that the Knights Templar is not going to be good. Also, if it is a serious injury to the head, we will do the same. Loss!"Brother Han, don't be angry at all. Let's just do that. I know you're also struggling. I asked the adults of Xia, and in order to show our sincere apology, we're willing to send a message to the Holy Scriptures However, there is a condition.""Mystery?" Han stunned.The shadow nodded with the wind, said: "I believe that as long as you know this secret, it will not blame us for not dealing with this person. However, I would like to invite Han Xiong swear that after learning this secret, only Tell the nobles of the temple that a few gods and adults are aware of it, and others will be secretive. If it weren't for both of you and your two people for thousands of years, we wouldn't say it easily."Han Yan's face sighed, and he could hear from the tone of the wind in the wind. This secret must be extremely important to the assassin sanctuary."Okay, I promise you. You speak." Although he did not really swear, but this promise has been more effective than any oath. In the six temples, the knights are the most strict in self-restraint. Once a perfidious act occurs, no matter who they are, they will no longer have a foothold.The shadow nodded quietly in the wind and said, “Whether it is one of the six temples or not, cultivating a professional and measuring its future development potential is the most important thing to do before the day. Each temple has different talents for different levels. There are different ways to say fǎ. For example, if you are a knight in the temple, the spiritual power in the first seven days is called the Angel of Light, and the spiritual power in the first 80 days is called the sacred blessing constitution. That's right.”Han Yu vaguely understands something. He is cold. "You mean, this guy who hurt yáng Wenzhao has more than seventy spiritual powers in the first place and he is still young?" Out of it, from the fact that yáng Wenzhao describes fighting against an opponent, opponents should not exceed six steps.The shadow laughs with a breeze: "If this is just the case, we must always give her some punishment for the relationship between our two temples. However, she was my assassin's temple for three thousand years. The body of the reincarnation of the ninety is equal to the radiance of your knight's temple, and the importance of this hoe in our assassin sanctuary exceeds the importance of the prince's seal to your knight's temple. Forget it, three thousand years ago, our Assassin Temple once gave birth to such a great power. The reincarnation of the reincarnation, with its powerful strength and talent, successfully shuffled seven of the seventy-two demons of the Mozu. In the end, although he was defeated by the first devil, he also made him hit hard for 30 years. The spiritual power in the first day of the reincarnation is 91. We are now, because we inherited the cycle of the year. The Wuzhi device of the child, the first day of spiritual power from the 93 to pull up to 100, the legendary full value, and may even be another title.This newly born reincarnation of the Virgin, the future is to challenge the first devil The presence of her! She and your temple Yáng Wen Zhao compared, how light and heavy?"Han Yan’s eyes have already been rounded at this time, and some stuttering said: “First day spiritual power, one hundred ..., you, you say is true? This, this ...”The shadows smile with the wind: "Can I deceive you with this kind of thing? This is the greatest secret of my assassin's temple. Such a holy woman, for all of us in the temple, it is absolutely in the mouth. I was afraid of falling in my hands, and she was afraid of falling in her hands. Moreover, she began to practice refining from the age of five. For nine years now, her strong talents have been demonstrated. Not only did she master the Thousand Spirits, but he was also really the same person that year. The reincarnation's back weapon is a furnace that opens the first six rounds of our assassins' temple. You don't know the power of the six reincarnations. So this is not ours. I don't want to give you an account. It is..."Han Hao looked at him with some sluggishness. After a long while, he smiled and said: "I understand."