Chapter Twenty-Seven The War of Punishment (3)The skill of the Holy Sword itself is in need of growth. At least for the current cultivation of Long Haochen, it takes a few seconds to prepare for this skill.And this time, he used the Guardian of God to block opponents from attacking, and he directly converted the vengeance to the sacred sword skills. The transformation of this moment alone shows how amazing his inheritance is. This technique is also not documented in the Knights Templar."Good." Yang Wenzhao suddenly smiled, he did not use Long Haochen temporarily only with a sword to resist his chance to attack. Instead, the arms stretched out, and the same sacred breath was released from him. The difference was that all of his broad swords had sparked a glorious light.Obviously, he is to use the double holy sword against the dragon's morning single sword."Yeah." Long Haochen hummed and ignored Yang Wenzhao. He slowly looked up and watched his light sword with his arms raised and shined on the light. A strange red flashed over his eyes.With his perception, how could he not feel that Yang Wenzhao did not use his best efforts to fight him? For Long Haochen, this is even more unacceptable than failure."Huh?" The first thing that was wrong on the podium was the paladin's Han Yu, who suddenly stood up and looked surprised: "This little guy really does everything. He actually has seven Order Knights Templar skills will be sacrificed. Xingyu crazy, is it not afraid to pull it?" From the performance of Long Haochen these days, he has obviously guessed where his heritage comes from.Sacrifice, guarding and punishing the knight can all learn skills. Seventh Order Templar Cheats.Of course, Han Hong did not know that Long Lingchen’s spiritual power in the first day was 97. How could Long Xingyu harm his son? After careful consideration, he cast a seal on the ring of inheritance.Yang Wenzhao is a true fifth-order knight. It is naturally much easier to use the Holy Sword than Long Yuchen. He is the nearest, and at the same time, Han Tong exclaims his voice on the rostrum, and he also finds out at this time. Long Haochen was wrong.What is he doing? Yang Wenzhao was shocked but he did not dare to wait. He felt the existence of a crisis faintly.Assaulted, Yang Wenzhao broke out in an instant. It was 30% faster than before. At a time when he felt danger, he did not hesitate to make reservations. He directly used all his strength and was absolutely capable of making a decision.Double swords together, Holy Ghost cross.During the assault, Yang Wenzhao fired a pair of big swords at the same time. The cross sword made by the Holy Sword is the Holy Ghost Cross, which can be considered a combination skill. Long Haochen used the Holy Sword to break through the defense of the fifth-order knight Han Yu, and how the power of the Holy Ghost was sent from the Double Sword.I saw a milky white crossblade filled with incomparable divine ambition and went straight to Long Hao in the morning, wherever there was a faint fragrance in the air. This is already the skill of the sixth-order edge.It was at this time that the golden red glow filled with sadness, despair, fierceness, and vastness came out of the dragon's morning.This golden red is by no means the fusion of light and fire. At this time, Long Haochen is like a knight who is faced with innumerable strong enemies and his friends' friends are lost and isolated.The mortal beliefs ignite the purest warfare and blood. The golden glow is even filled with crazy elements.Fire sword cross file, God defended.The fierce golden red light instantly made the defensiveness of the defensiveness of the god as a whole, just like it was covered with a golden red mask in the dragon's morning.You know, the Guardian is more adept at resisting physical attacks, and it is difficult to completely resist energy attacks. But at this time, he did it.The golden red light shines even more brightly, and Long Haochen blocks this sacred sparkling crossbow, but it is only a single step.Before stepping forward, he was like a huge golden light group and went straight to Yang Wenzhao. The lightsaber in the right hand squats and squats.Yang Wenzhao did not expect that his Holy Ghost had been so resolved. At the same time, he also recognized the skills used by Long Haochen at this time.sacrifice? He actually used his sacrifice to dare to use sacrifice. Isn't it afraid that the blood will dry up and die?Sacrificing this skill is a desperate ability for the knight to sacrifice himself, protect his comrades, sacrifice himself, and die with the enemy.To use this skill, you must first have a mortal heart. You must understand the sacrifices in the Knights of the Ten Code to learn. Once used, it instantly merges its own blood and spiritual power and erupts far beyond its own original strength. However, the duration is very short. If one is not good, the blood will be exhausted and it will die. At least it will hurt the vitality. In Yang Wenzhao's opinion, this was just a test. Long Haochen actually used the ability to sacrifice.why? For the glory of the knight. When Long Haochen felt that Yang Wenzhao had failed to exert his full strength, his reluctance in his heart, his longing for victory, and the humiliation caused by being despised, made him use this ability he had never realized before."Ye--" Yang Wenzhao also used God to parry, blocking the bloody Holy Sword, but his body has gone back five steps in a row.He can clearly feel that among the bloody holy swords, there is clearly a fearful will that he cannot understand. On the strength of spiritual power, even after using the sacrifice, Long Haochen was at best equal to him. However, this terror will only make Yang Wenzhao feel like being suppressed.At this moment, Long Haochen's chest was lit with a milky white light, followed by a flash of red light in his eyes. The same Hongmang moment appeared on Yang Wenzhao's body.Knight general skills, lock. Sixth-order skills."St. Holy Spirit." Han Xuan on the rostrum sucked a cold, he saw at a glance, Long Haochen was in the state of sacrifice by virtue of the Holy Spirit to launch the lock this skill.Compared with the momentum, it is also an assistive skill, but locking is an extremely practical ability. Any knight can learn from the realm of the knight. Once the opponent is locked, all of Cavalier's attacking skills will chase their own target. Even if it is the charge, assault this linear skills will have a tracking effect because of the lock.The dragon's morning glow shining golden red light has been put into the air at the same time with the lock, double-swords waving, the body circling towards Yang Wenzhao attack.Sacred sword fights round sword, and it is under the effect of sacrificing skills.With Long Xichen's current cultivation, the use of sacrifice only lasted ten seconds. Therefore, he did not waste any time and directly used his strongest attack.Long Sheng sounded almost at the same time. In the face of sacrificing skill, Yang Wenzhao dared to use it again. The dragon attack was used again. He could see that the round sword was the weakest when he was just using it. The power of time will continue to increase.From the Guardian to the Dragon, Yang Wenzhao's skill conversion speed is equally unparalleled.The same skill is a completely different result. The dragon slamming dragon's slamming sound was snaken back to the ground at the moment of sacrificing with the sacrificial version, and in the locked state, fighting the round sword was the first time to chase him. Falling down.Very strong. Yang Wenzhao was taken aback by the fact that he was never forced to such an extent in the face of repairing opponents who were inferior to himself or equivalent to him.