Chapter 29 Reincarnation of the Virgin (I)Yang Wenzhao’s breathing became difficult because of the penetration of the right lung, and the scorpion became husky. He never felt that death was so close to himself.She is coming for him. Long Haochen must have come for Long Haochen.Cai's last thorn, piercing his right chest, gave him a hope in his heart, because if this sword were shifted to the chest in the chest, it would completely destroy him. Xinghai Ling furnace, if it falls on his left chest, then it will run through her heart.How could an assassin like her realm be stingy? She is already in the mercy of her hand.Feeling the sensational aggression, Yang Wenzhao smiled and said: “The six temples are one, ......, ah...”The child's hand drew slightly, suddenly making Yang Wenzhao unable to speak."You also know that the six temples are one family? He is still in the same temple as you. Didn't you seriously hurt him?" The more intense murderous moments burst out.People are afraid of death, especially genius.Yang Wenzhao reluctantly exclaimed: "It was his own sacrifice skill that was not injured by me. And, it was only the game."Caier said coldly: "I don't care. Anyway, he was injured because of you. If it wasn't the game, you are now a dead body."At this moment, her ear moved slightly, stature retreated, and the dagger pulled out. Suddenly, a puff of blood rushed out of Yang Wenzhao's chest, but the child's speed was extremely fast and he was not contaminated by half.The black shadow flashed. The next moment, she disappeared into the night. Even the green bamboo stick disappeared.Yang Wenzhao reluctantly urged the spiritual force to seal his wounds. His eyes were sluggish and his body slid slowly against the wall. There was not much resentment in his mind, and he felt more powerless. Can't help but think that this is not a disaster? Perhaps only by riding on a horse, can I have a fight with that female assassin.Even though the Protoss blocked the majority of the children's attacks, the Thousand Strangling still left dozens of deep wounds on him, and the blow was even more serious. A lot of blood has been lost. Make his consciousness a little blurry.The consciousness gradually recovered and Long Haochen opened her eyes with some difficulties. The throat was full of dryness, and it seemed that it was now in the furnace. From head to toe is full of burning feelings.Slightly struggling for a moment, Long Haochen suddenly felt no pain at all over the body, barely looking inside, and suddenly shocked to find that the spiritual power actually did not exist in the body, only the Holy Spirit Stove suspended in the chest quietly Inside, but its brilliance is also bleak.Good overbearing "sacrifice"! It was only ten seconds of work that I let myself be weak. Fortunately, there is no damage to the meridians within the body, and a subtle, sacred atmosphere is still vaguely bred to continually moisturize the body.He did not know that this was the effect of the holy healing technique. The powerful healing power of up to seven orders timely protected his meridians and avoided the worst consequences. At this time, although he was weak, he did not hurt the fundamentals.This is also the result of his bright son's constitution. Being the purest spiritual owner of the sacred light, the depletion of his sacrificial skills is terrible, but because of the purity of his inner spiritual power, he consumes only his potential, and the blood is not really Burning. This is why Long Xingyu dares to sacrifice this skill at the fifth-order seal for him to understand. The original Long Xingyu prepared this skill for him to be desperate at times of distress. However, he did not expect that because Long Haochen had already touched the edge of the liquid spirit, when he fought against Yang Wenzhao, he literally broke through the seal of the fifth-order skill in the Ring of Success. This skill is used with fourth-order repairs. If it weren’t holy healing, I’m afraid he’ll have to stay in bed for at least a month.Along with the revival of consciousness, the pain of Long Haochen's body gradually weakened. He had a vague feeling, and there seemed to be a hint of his own spiritual power within the Holy Spirit. Although he did not know how to mobilize this spiritual power, he could also feel that his self-cultivation had not completely disappeared and that restoration was only a matter of time.A trace of a smile wafted up in the corner of the dragon's mouth and competed with Yang Wenzhao. Although he lost, but he was dripping with pleasure, Long Haochen believed that with this fight, when his spiritual power was restored, It can strike five orders.Yang Wenzhao was really strong. He even had a spirit stove and was an attacking spirit stove. In the one-on-one battle, Xinghai Lingchang’s role is obviously much greater than his St. Induction.Dad said yes, the best way to punish the knights to improve themselves is to keep fighting and feel and comprehend in battle. I should be able to recover before the selection of the hunting monsters. According to time, the six major temples will have to be played for at least three days at least, because there should be many more matches in the Temple of the Warriors.There will be three days of rest after the preliminary round. With this six-day buffer, I should be able to resume my repairs. It would be best to break through the fifth-order. Although the month is not there, I might be able to achieve a good ranking in the finals.This fight has brought me a lot of benefits. Why can I always forget the most important thing in my heart?Suddenly, the smile at the mouth of Long Haochen froze, and his eyes were suddenly dark with his dull eyes. His pale grief also showed intense mood swings.Long Haochen only felt as if he had suffered a heavy blow at his chest and suddenly turned to sit up.The fierce movements caused a convulsive pain in his body, but he was completely overwhelmed at this time.Damn, damn, I lost my appointment. The game was too focused and focused on the opponent. I lost my promise or lost my contract.Long Haochen reluctantly stood up and at this time his heart was completely filled with anxiety. An unspeakable mood made all his calm completely disappear. The only person in his mind was holding a bamboo stick, gently tapping it, and his thin and thin figure.She will certainly wait for me. She will wait for me for a long time. For a long time, I really should be...Long Haochen gave him a slap in the morning, and he couldn't care for the constant pain from his body. He barely stood up and walked up the wall to the door.I'm going to find her. I'm going to look for her. At this moment, there is only one thought in his heart.The night was dark, and when Long Haochen walked out of the hotel, he felt a burst of coldness. His mental power was so weak that he could no longer protect himself. Fortunately, the cultivation of external spiritual forces made him physically strong. Although a sense of weakness perpetually impacted his perception, his strong and persistent beliefs supported him. Stepping out of the hotel, he moved towards the place where he and Caier agreed to meet each day.The sacrifice of “sacrifices” was amazing. Long Haochen was completely in a state of soft hands and feet at this time, and he barely took a step. His body would have sweated a little more, and had no roots under his feet. He nearly fell down several times.Fortunately, the hotel where he lives isn't too far away from where he and Chérie agreed. Hey, move slowly. At this time, Long Haochen was full of guilt in his heart. The game was important. However, how could I miss out on Caier? How disappointed she will be!Step by step forward, Long Haochen's sight has been a bit obscure, and the cold of the night has gradually invaded his body.When he arrived, it was not a long road, but he took half an hour. Finally, he saw the place where he met with Cheriel every day. However, there was no child in that place, and everything around it was empty and silent.Qi Tong, Long Haochen can no longer stand firm, once fell to the ground, turning around in heaven, he seemed to see countless stars circled in front of their eyes.Caier has gone, yes! The night has been so deep, how could she not go?A bitter bitterness appeared on Long Yan's lips and fell to the ground. His heart was filled with deep regret. If he is allowed to choose one more time, he will never go to fight with Yang Wenzhao. He himself was a bit surprised to find that in his own mind, when he did not know when, it was even more important for him to go back than to promote cultivation.I'm going to the hotel to look for her and apologize to her. However, she will forgive me? She couldn't see the road, and she left in the waiting disappointment. It was I who made her fall into so much pain. Will she forgive me?No, I can't go to see her. The night has been so deep. She must have slept due to tiredness during the day. How can I disturb her?She must have waited for me for a long time. For that matter, then I will wait here. I must wait longer than she had to get her original plunder.Thought of this, Long Haochen’s breathing was gradually getting louder and louder. His intense vertigo kept filling his brain. He had never felt so weak. This feeling was by no means wonderful. It's possible to stun the past again at any time.No, I can't faint. I must wait till she comes again. Here is her daily path.While thinking, Long Haochen supported his body and slowly stood up and stood, at least allowing him to concentrate more. He was afraid that he would sit there and he would soon be unconscious or sleepy.After a minute and a second passed, Long Haochen was always in a state of drowsiness. Whenever his body could not support him, he would immediately fall over there. This fall naturally made him temporarily. Sober up. Then he barely got up again.Picking children standing in the room of Long Haochen somehow, he was overwhelmed and he was not here. Where did he go?After severely destroying Yang Wenzhao, she took it here. Although she couldn't see it, she was particularly keen on the other five senses. Just when she entered the room, she discovered that Long Haochen was not here.