Chapter 30 Evolution! The Holy Spirit Stove (top)The assassins of the Temple destroyed the young talents of the Knights Templar to participate in the selection of the hunting demons. This is simply concealable, and the nature is extremely bad. If one is not good, it will reach the roots of the six temple alliances.However, to everyone's surprise, the Knights Templar expressed silence on the matter and did not file a lawsuit with the Temple Alliance. The Assassins' Shrine is even more low-key, and it seems that both sides have not experienced this incident. Like. Even when members of the League committees of other major temples in the League asked about it, the Knights Templar and the Assassin Temple had also been unified. It was only a misunderstanding.The two temples are in harmony, and the other temples will naturally not say anything. After all, it is not they who suffer losses. As for how people can solve it, they will not be able to inquire.The preliminaries of the current Hunting Moguls Tournament reached this point, and most of the matches have been completed. Only the final rankings remain. Long Hao lost in the morning and Yang Wenzhao was seriously injured. Both of them invariably lost the possibility of continuing to participate in the preliminary round. Because Long Haochen was particularly prominent in the match with Yang Wenzhao, he was ranked sixth in the preliminary game of the Cavaliers' Temple. Yang Wenzhao’s tragedy, which entered the top five but was unable to continue the game, was only fifth. .Stretching his body hard, Long Haochen gradually wakes up from his sleep. The feeling of suffering last night still remained, but it was much better.Rubbing his eyes, Long Hao turned up in the morning and he hadn't slept so deeply for a long time.Caier. After the recovery of consciousness, the first thing he thought of was his unique appearance. Although his mental state was extremely poor last night, it was the short-term gaze that had already imprinted his face in his mind.Was I dreaming last night? Long Haochen was not even sure whether the experience of last night actually happened. After all, he was really weak.The "convulsions?" The concavity and convexity that came under the finger caught his attention and touched it carefully. It seemed that there was a handwriting.I quickly sat up and looked at the handwriting. Sure enough, a line of graceful small words was carved on the bed."You are well-nourished and you must not think of me. When you start the finals, you and I can meet each other."Not dreaming, haha, not dreaming. Long Haochen looked forward to seeing this line of greeting immediately overjoyed, but he clearly remembered that she did not blame him last night.Can you meet each other in the final? What does it mean? Last night and last night seemed to have adopted the spiritual power to heal me. Is she also a professional of the six temples? However, she can't see it! Which temple belongs to?One by one questions constantly emerge in his mind, but how could he possibly find the answer?For a few days, Nightingale and Li Xin have come to visit him. Their siblings have already lost the game and can rest for the next five days, waiting for the final.Nightingale once again helped Long Haochen examine the body, especially the meridians and guilt, and discovered that he did not leave any sequelae because of sacrifice skills. This relieved greatly."You are this idiot." After the inspection, Nightingale immediately roared and his face was gloomy and drip. Li Xin vomited his tongue out of the way, but he did not dare to persuade him.Long Haochen lowered his head and said: "My teacher, I just hope that I can test my abilities through actual combat and stimulate my potential. Using my sacrificial skills is something I suddenly realized. You don't get angry. Later I'm not so impulsive."Night Wrought: "Fart. Do you think I was angry because you challenge Yang Wenzhao? You are wrong. I am because of your stupidity. I ask you, who are you and Yang Wenzhao's strength?"Long Hao Chen stunned for a moment, some puzzled look to the teacher, "Nature is that he must be strong on many."At night, Leng said, "Do you still know that he is strong? Why did you choose to fight hard? Do you have the fighting skills that you and I learned over the past two years or so? Is it hard to be happy? But Did you think about it, if it is on the battlefield against the Mozu? If your opponent is the Mozu, is there a partner waiting for you to rescue you? Are you fighting like this?"A series of questions made Long Haochen speechless.Nightmare said coldly: “How many combat skills have I taught you? Yes, hard spells are indeed more likely to stimulate potential, especially when you’re hard-working against your own strong opponents. But if you really want to Improve your actual combat experience and stimulate potential. You can't regard that as a game, but as a battle of life and death. What should you do in the battle between life and death? Haven't I taught you yet?"Long Haochen lowered his head once again, "try to use skill and enemies to work as far as possible to protect themselves."Nightingale blew a fist. "You still remember when you lose. You tell me now, are you a guardian knight or a disciplinary knight?"Long Haochen was silent and he did not know how to answer the question of Nightingale.The faint light of the night said: “In terms of talent, even ten teachers are inferior to you, but in terms of experience, ten are not as good as me. I'll help you answer this question. When you need to be disciplined, you need to be disciplined. When you are guarded, however, you should be aware that when you use the ability to punish knights, do not forget your own identity, your talent is sufficient to support your double corrections and guardianship, and as such, in actual combat it must be reflected They have the advantage of merging together. Don't let me see your stupid recklessness, otherwise, you are not worthy of my apprenticeship in Nightingale.""Yes," Long Haochen hurriedly replied. Even though the words of the Nightingale were ignoring him, but more is a deep concern, he knew that the teacher is afraid of detours!After eating some food, Long Hao started his cultivation again in the morning. Although his physical condition had been much better in the early morning, all that he had recovered had been external spiritual and wounded bodies, but his inner spiritual power was still nothing but the Holy Spirit's furnace seemed to have restored its original brilliance.The kind of meditation medicine Lin Xin had given him was running out. Long Haochen did not take it this time. Instead, he sat quietly in a cross-legged position. After entering the meditation state, he carefully realized the spiritual power in the Holy Spirit. fluctuation.Soft, vigorous, and vast, he felt the three breaths immediately after his consciousness entered the holy furnace.He felt that the inner spiritual power in the Holy Spirit did not seem to exist before, but he saw a little golden light.The golden light was very small, but it was still quite noticeable in the milky white of St. Only the grain size of gold is golden, but what makes Long Yichen's surprise inexplicable is that this golden color is actually completely liquid.Is it that after I used the sacrificial skills, I mistakenly made a mistake and I got a liquid spirit?Subconsciously, Long Haochen began to practice in accordance with the practice of the past.Because he does not have internal spiritual power at this time, the absorption of external light elements will be much slower than usual. However, don't forget that he is the son of light and his affinity for light is beyond anyone’s control.A slight soft element of light slowly entered the dragon's morning. He immediately discovered that there was no need for him to move. These elements of light immediately looked like they were the source. They went quietly toward the direction of the Holy Spirit and went directly into it. St. cited in the furnace.The reaction of the Holy Spirit in the furnace was calm. It was just a slight faint glow under the original milky white.Looking inside the furnace again, it was as expected that as Long Yuchen expected, these light elements absorbed through cultivation directly poured into that drop of golden liquid spirit and became part of it.Because the concentration of light elements absorbed from the outside world is extremely thin, and it can't be compared with that drop of liquid inner mental power. Therefore, after these external light elements are integrated into it, the drop of rice grain-sized liquid spirit has no response at all.However, this does not affect Long Haochen's excitement. There is no doubt that he has really cultivated the liquid spiritual power. Now the problem is how to expand it and how to get it out of the Holy Spirit.Thought of this, Long Haochen took out one of the psychic psychic pills used for cultivation. The name of the psychic was his own.Ju Ling Dan came into the abdomen. Suddenly, the blood in the dragon's morning was mobilized. The body’s induction of light elements in the air suddenly increased.This polytherapeutic is a fourth-order immortality and must be taken by the fourth-order strong. Although Long Haochen loses his inner spiritual power, his physical condition is still a fourth-order knight. The meridians are tough enough to withstand the pharmacist's power. There is nothing wrong with it.Sure enough, after the Spiritual Spirit was swallowed, the speed at which he absorbed the element of light suddenly increased, and the light elements in the air rushed from all sides to enter into his body through the pores and breath, and were immediately swallowed by the Holy Spirit Stove as if it were a river. .At this time, the Holy Spirit Stove is like a bottomless abyss. No matter how many light elements Long Yinchen absorbs, it will all be consumed by it. The only change is that the golden light emitted by the Holy Spirit in itself has gradually increased, and the drop of liquid spirit in the Holy Spirit has begun to show signs of gradual increase.In this way, Long Haochen was completely immersed in his cultivation state, and cultivation was boring, but he felt that a little bit of savings could bring extremely strong satisfaction to cultivation. This is also common to all professions.In an instant, it has been three days. In the past three days, except for eating, Long Haochen was completely immersed in his cultivation. He also told Nightingale about his current practice. But Nightingale is not clear about what he is.Waiting silently is the only way of Nightingale. There is no doubt that this is a good thing. Although we do not know what mystery exists in the Holy Spirit, it can be seen in the night. Even if he can't control it all. Yes! Who can control the growth of a bright son?