Chapter 30 Evolution! Holy Spirit Stove (middle)However, Nightingale has a lot of experience in cultivating after all. He can develop into a Knight of the Earth with low talent, and he does not know how to study the various cultivation methods. Therefore, after thinking carefully, he told Long Haochen that it was possible that the Holy Spirit was helping him to nurture his spiritual power. Breeding liquid spirit power.Long Yuchen’s repairs have apparently not yet reached the fifth-order level. Under such circumstances, it is impossible for liquid spirit to appear. Although the drop of liquid spirit appears to be a coincidence, Nightingale is completely certain that he can change one person. Even with the use of sacrificial skills, this will never happen.The only explanation is the role of the Holy Spirit. A special space was created inside the St. Spirits to help Long Haochen complete the compression of the inner spiritual power, thus forming a liquid spiritual power. At the time, Long Haochen had exhausted his spiritual power and sacrificed his own blood to a certain extent with his sacrificial skills and Yang Wenzhao's hard-witted.The most magical thing between heaven and earth, the spirit furnace, has its own protective effect. It is very likely that the Holy Seek has preserved the last seed of the spiritual power in the dragon's morning and gradually produced a compression effect in its interior. . Long Haochen himself has already realized the liquid spirit force. The biggest characteristic of this fifth-order threshold is the compression of the two characters. He also gradually found a method of compression through the cultivation of the potential skills. Just can't just compress it directly. Just rely on skills to find the feeling.But now it is not the same. The existence of the Holy Spirit helped him directly solve this problem of compression and gave birth to a true liquid spiritual power, as long as he could find a way to take these liquid spirits from the Holy Spirit. Come out and practice his inner spiritual power to more than two thousand. Then, the huge bottleneck of the fifth-order is not a problem for him.With this kind of judgment, Nightingale nature is also overjoyed and hopes that the dragon dragons will be practicing in the practical room. Even if it is the finals of this session of the Hunting Moss Trials, it does not matter. He is still very young, and there are still plenty of opportunities to participate in the competition. In contrast, it is obviously more important to be able to use this opportunity to break through to the earth knight.The Holy Spirit is not very large. Its overall volume is only about a small glass of three money. It can be imagined how much liquid spirit can be contained within such a small spiritual furnace.After three days of bitter repairs, Long Haochen exhausted the rest of the Ganoderma lucidum, but the Holy Spirit Stove has now approached overflowing conditions. It is filled with a thick liquid spirit.These three days of cultivation are actually very painful. Because there is no inner spiritual power in the body, Long Haochen's ability to absorb external light elements is moderately maintained in a very slow state. If it weren’t for the help of the panacea, I’m afraid that even if it takes ten days and a half months, he will not be able to fill the Holy Spirit. In that case, he probably won't be able to participate in the finals.What Long Haochen did not know was that when Long Xingyu first gave him the Holy Spirit, he knew that the Holy Spirit had other uses besides the supporting role in the battle. However, he did not tell his son directly. Only.Long Xingyu is a sacred warrior who experienced all the cultivation from the first to the nineth stage. Therefore, he understands how important his understanding is in the process of cultivation. With his cultivation, he could even make Long Haochen break through the fifth-order earlier and become a pretty good player without any effort. However, if he really did it, even Long Haochen was a bright child. , I am afraid that this life can not touch the threshold of the nineth order. Therefore, he chose to let Long Haochen try his own way, constantly strengthen himself in the process of exploration, self-perception of all the difficulties in the process of cultivation.For Long Haochen, Long Xingyu has absolute confidence. If the owner of the bright son's constitution does not have enough understanding, who else can own it?The special ability contained in the St. Lieutenant is called gestation. Therefore, it is not only a spirit stove that assists the battle, but also a spiritual stove that assists in cultivation. This secret was classified as top secret inside the Knights Templar.Because the auxiliary battle role of the Holy Spirit Stove is only useful to knights and warriors, other professions are naturally not too cold for this soul furnace. The soldier's self-recovery is far less than the guardian knight. Later, this Holy Spirit inventor became the exclusive spiritual furnace of the Knights Templar.The Holy Spirit is very rare. When the other major temples discover the new Holy Spirit, they will choose to exchange to the Temple of the Knights.Only inside the Knights Templar, a conclusion was drawn after numerous attempts. That is, as long as the first spiritual furnace possessed by mankind is the Holy Spirit innovator, and at the same time when he is cultivated to be no more than the fourth order, then the special effects of the Holy Spirit Stove will be stimulated.This special effect of gestation is required by the person who owns the Holy Spirit, because it is usually very inconspicuous, and has only a very weak auxiliary effect on the cultivation of inner spiritual power.However, once a few critical moments have been reached, the gestation effect of the Holy Spirit will play a huge role, such as the spiritual liquefaction faced by the dragon's eyes in the morning, and the spirits to be condensed when he becomes a knight. With the help of the Holy Spirit, it is almost certain that there will be a breakthrough.Everyone is self-study, and the temple is no exception. If it is found in other temples that the Holy Spirit has such auxiliary cultivating effects, I am afraid that no one will sell it to the Knights Templar. Therefore, this secret has been kept secret until at least until now it has not been discovered by other temples.In fact, Long Haochen would not have used sacrificial skills. He would soon discover this effect of the Holy Spirit. As long as he has completed the evolution of the Holy Spirit, his bred effect will directly help him break through to the fifth. Before Long Haochen thought that the breakthrough of the fifth order is the opportunity for the evolution of the Holy Spirit to be reconsidered.Is it finally full? The teacher said that if she is full of self-exhaustion, since the inner spiritual power is already full, then it should have overflowed.Regardless of how calm Chen Yongchen usually has, how can he not be nervous in the face of his ability to break through the fifth-order?As the practice continues, the liquid spiritual power in the Holy Spirit has become more and more rich, rising up a little bit, and it will overflow.Finally, the Holy Spirit could no longer contain more liquid spirits, and a small drop of golden liquid slowly flowed down the edge of the Holy Spirit.Suddenly, Long Haochen only felt his body jolt, a rich bright atmosphere has spread out from his body, the golden glow rising from above his head, vaguely condensed into a group of pale golden light clouds. This is exactly the symbol of the advanced spirit. Only when it breaks out of the big hierarchy will the Ascension Cloud appear.The total amount of a drop of liquid spirit is very small, but it illuminates the meridians in the dragon's morning. The familiar golden light spread quickly in his veins and quickly spread to every corner.Compared with the previous pale gold inner spiritual power, the color at this time was obviously deepened, and it was close to the bright golden brilliance.Although only a drop of liquid spirit flowed into Dragon's morning, his speed of absorbing light suddenly increased. The perception of the outside world has suddenly increased. The powerful feeling from inside and outside finally reappeared.At the same time, the Holy Induction Furnace also radiated tens of thousands of millimeters. It can be clearly seen that Long Yuchen’s chest glowed with a dense white glow, and the halo spread to cover his body. The Holy Spirit in the chest slowly rotates, and a drop of liquid spirit is thrown from it. The Holy Spirit, originally rendered in gold by these liquid spirits, restored its original milky color and struggled slightly. A strange texture began to appear on the surface of the Holy Spirit. It is a circle of circling moire. The original milky color was a little more crystal clear, and the volume did not increase, but the kind of intrinsic heaven and earth was more clear to Long Haochen.As it evolved, the Holy Spirit has evolved. Long Haochen immediately realized what happened. Not only did the Holy Spirit innovate, but he also clearly saw through the inner vision that a soft golden liquid was swirling around the Holy Spirit. It is a liquid spiritual power.In the past, there was a liquid spiritual power when practicing with cultivation, but at that time, as soon as he dispersed, the spiritual power would immediately return.But now it is different. In his body, around the Holy Spirit, there is a real spiritual power. Although the total amount of these liquid spiritual powers is only equivalent to a maximum of 100 points, but with this 100-point liquid spirit, is it far from reaching its peak?Two thousand, my spiritual power must have exceeded two thousand. Fifth-order, I am a knight.A dumb smile appeared in Long Haochen's face. How could he not be excited? Fourteen-year-old fifth-order ah! How incredible this is. What he needs to do now is to restore all his spiritual power. A liquid spiritual power of up to two thousand points will allow him to fully enter another level.Yang Wenzhao, Goodbye next time, maybe I really have the challenge to your strength.In the next few days, Long Haochen was completely immersed in cultivation. It was like a transformed silkworm cocoon. It took a few days to complete the process of qualitative change.Just like the Holy City, the Alliance Executive Government is also a hexagonal building. The periphery is the location of the six major temples. The core area is where they discuss important issues together.The hunting demons trials are the most important thing for the Temple Alliance. The preliminary game was successfully completed three days ago. The sixty best young people were selected. This means that the Temple Alliance will again have twelve hunting demons, which will inject fresh blood into the large group of hunting demons.