The twenty-eighth chapter child's anger (on)At the time of his death, Long Haochen only entered a strange realm and died at the death. His own potential was developed to a great extent.In fact, he carries the medicine given by Lin Xin. He can rely on drugs to make his own repairs. However, if the opponent does not call for a fair ride, how can Long Haochen allow himself to compete with his opponent by drugs? Under the great pressure that Yang Wenzhao brought him, he comprehended the sacrifice and instantly burst forth. At this moment, the disciplinary knight skills that have been cultivated for five years also seem to be fully integrated.Yang Wenzhao secretly sighed in his heart, at his chest, little blue floating out, every point of blue light contains a crystal shiny, like a blue gems fly out of the general. Collided with Long Haochen who descended from heaven.He is confident that he will accept the attack of Long Haochen, but if he takes it hard, then he must also be injured. However, Yang Wenzhao’s goal is not only to pass this round. He wants to get the first of the Cavaliers and the Hunting Magic Trials Finals. At this time, how can you allow yourself to be injured?An, H, H, H, H, HA series of roars continued to appear on Long Yinchen’s circling body. Each point of blue-ray light flew out and collided with his body, causing a strong explosion. Each explosion would also make the dragon. In the morning, the golden red light of the body was cut by half and the rotation speed was reduced.When Long Haochen was able to attack Yang Wenzhao in close combat, his fighting sword could no longer be maintained.At the same time, the two men retired. Yang Wenzhao even blew out a mouthful of golden mist and blew up and down his chest, breathing slightly.In the distance, Long Haochen stood on his hands and stood there. The red in his eyes gradually faded and all his spiritual powers melted away. However, he still stood straight back and forth, staring at Yang Wenzhao and his face was like gold paper. The blood continued to overflow from his mouth and nose."I was forced to use the Xinghai Ling furnace to resist your attack. Admire. If you and I are the same age, I may not be able to win over you." Yang Wenzhao gave Long Zhaochen a thumbs-up. "Looking forward that you have a mount, we will A war.""The end of the game, No. 1" The referee screamed with a rush of enthusiasm. Then, in the direction of the main chalk table, a white light with a little silver star shines from the sky and shines on Long Haochen's body.Saint healing, guardian knight seven-step healing skills.The silver star was immersed in the dragon's morning chalk under the holy light, stabilizing the blood in his body and healing his inner guilty.“Oh, morning.” At the same time as the referee announced the end of the game, the shroud around the test field was also dispersed. Nightingale rushed into the court for the first time and hugged the dragon's morning standing there.A mouthful of blood blew out, and despite being bathed in the healing process, Long Haochen slowly fell into a coma during the night. However, no one noticed that there was a faint white light softly fluctuating in his chest.In the corner, Han Yu stood there and had not moved half a minute. Long Haochen eventually lost and lost to Yang Wenzhao. However, even if he loses this game, he is still defeated and hesitated.Spiritual furnace, both of them even had a spirit stove, only this makes Han Yuzhong a sledgehammer, breathing difficulties.What kind of skills does Long Haochen use? At the expense of his understanding, however, the skill of the sword round was unclear to him. I ask, if you change yourself, can you win the skill of Long Haochen's sacrifice in the absence of a horse?Han Yu did not want to think about the answer to the chalky case because he already knew what the answer was. Losing him is not embarrassing.More crucially, he is only 14 years old and 14 years old!Many times, personality can determine success or failure. One person may be depressed because of the immediate impact, but Han Yu's more frustrating and courageous nature has caused him to realize a little understanding at this time. He suddenly realized the pains of some grandfathers.Yeah, only 14 years old this year, Xiu Wei is a teenager who can already compete with the 5th-order knight. Where will his future achievement limit be? He is nearly eight years older than he is. Age is an insurmountable gap. Well, how difficult is it to chase him. In the same way, with such great potential, his future ascension and experience can be imagined. With him, not only can he become part of the hunting team, but he can also accompany him through many things. Perhaps, this is true. It's your best choice.The unwillingness and pain in the eyes of the eyes faded away. Instead, he was firm. He had already looked for the goal and would never allow himself to deviate from the track. The presence of this super genius in Long Haochen is itself a spur to him all the time.Caier quietly stood on the street. She came here early in the morning and felt the sun shining more and more on her body. Her eyebrows were soft.Whenever she remembered talking to Long Haochen yesterday, she couldn't help but feel like she had a heartbeat. She was an assassin. Such emotion was that sin should not have appeared on her. However, she could not stop thinking about everything.His hands were long, strong, and generous. Every time he held her, his palms were full of anger and anger, and her palms were tolerated. She liked the feeling of being protected. From small to large, she had such an experience for the first time.She will never forget that when the two met for the first time, only the nine-year-old Long Haochen used his slender body to cover her body. At that time he was so weak, but one's courage and goodness were never related to strength or weakness. Even if it is replaced by an adult, then Ken willing to protect her?When she sent out the Forget-me-not ring that was extremely important to her, Michelle was impulsive, but she believed in her instincts.In fact, at that time, she did not think that she would meet with Long Haochen one day, but she nevertheless sent a ring without hesitation, and she would not forget me. She did not know what it meant to her or wanted him to realize it. .From small to large, she has always lived in a cold world. Warmth is an emotion for her, and she only felt from Long Haochen. He took his hand every day and took this long road, but it was the happiest experience he had ever had. The expectation in her heart was even stronger than him. Compared with this happiness, it seems that the Hunting Moguls trials are nothing.Think of the trials, picking children under the veil of the face can not help but reveal a smile. He said that he should always hold me and protect me. In the finals, I will help him to do this.Blind people who have lost their vision are undoubtedly painful, but the blind people's inner world is richer than normal. Their imagination is far more normal than normal people.Caier quietly remembered the bit between her and him, and was immersed in this happiness waiting. Waiting for him to awaken her, and then let him take his hand and walk on the warm and warm road.As the time passed, she was sculpted and quietly waiting there. The warmth of the sun gradually turned into a warm noon. She was not anxious but waited quietly.He did not come and he still did not come.Until the warmth was not there, a bleak wind blew on her face and the child was slick and chilly.How long? This should be a breeze that will only be there in the evening. It has been a while since I came to the Holy City. My judgment in this respect will never be wrong.Did he not come? Why didn't he come? Is it because he regrets it? A layer of distressed water mist gradually spread in children's eyes.He will come. He will come. The child's hand holding the green bamboo stick gradually tightens, and it can be clearly seen that the joint gradually becomes white.The afterglow of the setting sun gradually disappeared, and the night silently filled the streets of the Holy City. The temperature was even more desolate, but it was less than the chill of the children. Her petite body looked so lonely and lonely as if the entire person had been covered by shadows.Why, why don't you come.A drop of tears fell silently down the face of Caier. He would not come, and the night was dark.Slowly turned around, picking children to walk toward the hotel where they live.Suddenly, her footsteps stopped and her eyes widened. He and he would go to the competition today. Is it because he had an accident in the game.At the thought of this, all the chills in Caier’s heart turned into anxiety. She didn’t know why. She preferred that he repented of yesterday’s promise and did not want him to have any accidents.Must go out of business, the next moment, Caier affirmed his own judgment. Looking back at what happened to herself and Long Haochen, she was suddenly ashamed. Concerned about the chaos, he is too sharp, with his character, not to mention that he will not regret it, even if he really repent, they will avoid seeing it? No, it will never happen.The bamboo sticks were connected to the ground, and the squats at the feet disappeared. Soon, she disappeared into the darkness.Caier quietly sat on the chair in the room, and still held the green bamboo stick in his hands. However, the chill that radiated from her body caused the room's room temperature to be at least ten degrees worse than the outside world.Three meters ahead of her, a man in full black clothes whispered: "That's it. Long Haochen was treated with the Holy Power of the Knights Templar, and life should not be hindered, but it is likely that Injury and vitality, whether or not the finals can participate is still unknown.""You go down." The cool voice of Clare seemed to make the air freeze."Yes, the subordinates retire." The black man quitted the room swiftly, and after he withdrew, he felt that his blood seemed to be congealed because of the aggression and murder of the child who had been taken.