Chapter 3 Teacher from Hell? (two)In this way, seven days passed. Long Haochen has been adding another quarter of an hour since he only insisted on holding half an hour in the ant nest.Finished the hot springs and ate dinner. Long Haochen honestly waited for Xingyu to teach. After this week's cultivation, he is not just respectful to Xingyu, but awe and fear from his heart."Do not continue tonight, you go home. But the meditation can not be interrupted. Come back tomorrow morning." Xingyu threw a bottle of Yuan Yu to Long Haochen waved and signaled that he could go.Long Haochen was relieved. After saluting Xingyu, he flew out of the cabin like a fly. Can finally go home.Looking at the back of his departure, Xingyu’s mouth showed a smile that had never been seen before. “Silly boy, you forgot where this is? Three years, I can only stay here for three years. , I will allow you to learn from me all the time."The feeling of lightness was good. Long Haochen felt the changes in his body while running down the hill.Only a week later, he found that his various senses were clearly stronger than before. Although the pain that was afflicted by the ant nest was unpleasant, he would feel different each time he went. At least a week has passed, and now he has been able to systematically resist the attacks of ants in all directions. The reaction speed is not much faster than when I first arrived.The biggest change is in the physical aspect. Although it hasn't been tested, Long Haochen can be sure that his spiritual power has certainly increased. At least two points up. This is only a week!Although he had to undergo such painful training every day, even if he had no time to sleep, he could go down for a week and his originally weak body was obviously stronger and his face was rosy. In addition to eating well, it is naturally because of the hot springs that are soaked every day.Long Haochen did not know that the combined effect of hot springs and medicinal herbs was called washing marrow.He was excited to run down the hill. Suddenly, a faint gasp attracted his attention.One week in the face of the ant colony attack training was not in vain, did not even think about it, Long Haochen stopped his own pace in an instant, to the side of a jump, while his hands out of a pair of bamboo swords on his back .Behind the ripples, a dark shadow just passed from the path he must follow. At this time, the sky was near dusk, and Long Haochen saw what he was attacking at a glance.More than four feet in length, the body was dark, short and stout limbs, fine scales on his back, his barbed tail swinging behind him, and brown eyes staring at himself."Warcraft?" Long Hao Chen could not help but shouted, and the mood suddenly tense.Xingyu teaches him various kinds of knowledge every day, including an introduction to Warcraft. "Exactly" had said this World of Warcraft a few days ago.Iguana, first-order intermediate Warcraft. It is about thirty to fifty degrees of the spiritual power of various human beings.Each level of Warcraft is divided into four levels: primary, intermediate, advanced, and peak. The biggest difference between them and beasts is the ability to use spiritual power to strengthen themselves or attack the enemy.First-order World of Warcraft is weaker, and they generally do not use spirit to attack the enemy's skills, only to enhance itself. This is the case with the iguana. It is a flesh-eaten animal. The scales behind it have a defensive power. The tail hooks are poisonous. It's just that it's usually attacking the ground, so it rarely shows its own belly.The brown eyes of the iguanas fiercely look at Long Haochen, and his mouth widens to expose the white teeth. It seems that he is wondering how long such a small human can eat.For the first time in the face of Warcraft, Long Haochen only felt that the cold hair on his back had been picked up, and his hands clasped the bamboo sword but he did not act rashly, but he did not turn around and run. It was not easy for him to be calm at this time only when he was nine years old, because he still remembered that Xingyu had said that the iguana sprinted at a short distance quite quickly. He also taught him that as a knight, he can never leave his back to the enemy.嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 嗖 蝎 蝎 嗖 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎 蝎At this time, the hellish training of the past seven days has played a role. Almost completely instinctively, Long Haochen took a step toward the left, and at the same time he took out a pair of bamboo swords and squatted on the head of a dovetail.The reason why it is to step out of the side rather than backward is that because Xingyu taught him, he cannot easily recede when he is unable to confirm the terrain behind him. Otherwise, once he is affected by the unknown terrain, he can easily fall into a passive state. The side is not the same, the remaining light of the corner of the eye can see, but also can dodge.With two bangs, although the bamboo sword is tough, its own light weight and destructive power are not so good. But now, Long Haochen is not the same as when he had just performed the appraisal of the knight. The close to thirty points of the spiritual power output is simply to return the lizard to the ground.However, the attack by the iguana did not stop there. When the body landed, the tail with a poisonous hook swept away.Also relying entirely on the ability to respond, Long Haochen jumped up and took up more than three feet. At the same time, the right-handed sword moved down one block and threw open the iguana.The simple fight brought confidence to Long Haochen. After two consecutive attempts to stop the attack of the iguana, he was surprised to find that the original World of Warcraft was not so terrible. At the same time, some grievances in his heart that have plagued these seven days have also dissolved a lot at this time. Compared with seven days ago, his strength was greater and his response was faster. There is no doubt that this is the teacher Xing Yu brought to you, so the progress can not have been ah! Although the experience of the ants' crypts will always awaken him to his nightmare, he must admit that the effect is really good.The iguana is not so easy to give up, and once it fell to the ground, it once again rushed towards Long Haochen. Moreover, this time its body seems to expand a bit like.Because Long Haochen was a bit devastated after dealing with its first round of attacks, this reaction was a little slower, but he still had time to use it to sling it on him. However, this time the iguana did not fall to the ground.It is not good, it is to strengthen its own assault skills. Long Haochen was surprised and the bamboo sword had been knocked open. At the same time, his body lost some of his focus and fell back.The disgusting mouth of an iguana is right in front of her eyes, and the intense sense of crisis instantly makes the dragon's pupils shrink violently, and it seems as if something has exploded.At this moment, he suddenly felt that the close-to-close-tailed lizard seems to have slowed down. Its every movement and the angle of its backward fall are extremely clear.If someone at this time can see Long Haochen's eyes, he will find that in the center of his blue-blue eyelids, the pupil has contracted only the size of the needlepoint, but his eyes are extremely calm and vague, and there is something that ordinary people do not have. Cold light shines.