The twenty-eighth chapter child's anger (below)"He was seriously injured and unconscious, and he was seriously injured and unconscious." The temperature in the room dropped again, and the green bamboo sticks in the children's hands actually fell into the hard, stony ground."Yang, Wen, Zhao." A dark halo flashed slightly on Ch'ai's chest. The next moment, she has begun to slowly disappear in the chair. To be precise, the residual image she left on her chair was gradually dispersed.Yang Wenzhao had just eaten dinner and defeated Long Haochen. He has successfully entered the top five of the preliminary round and is one step closer to the goal. However, today's war has created a sense of urgency in his heart. This has not been the case for many years.How old is he? After the match, Yang Wenzhao deliberately asked a lot, but did not get any answer. You know, although his teacher did not come with him for various reasons, his position in the Knights Templar is not low."He was at least four or five years younger than me." Yang Wenzhao murmured to himself, "I don't know whether his talent is stronger or he wants to work harder than I am. I'm afraid that in a matter of months, he will be able to Breakthrough to the fifth-order. And I'm only fifth-order and third-level. If he has been promoted at this speed, I am afraid it will be my biggest rival in the future."Speaking of this, Yang Wenzhao's face showed a faint smile. "Well, it's okay. There is such an opponent who spurs me and promotes my future. It's all our knights' temple. Hopefully, Don't let me down with your mount."Today's battle with Long Haochen had a considerable degree of shock for him, especially the last sacrifice skills used by Long Haochen. Although he did not know what the consequences would be, Long Haochen after using this skill actually made him There is a kind of hard feelings to resist. If it weren’t for the power of the spirit furnace, even if he could support the time when he sacrificed his skills, he would certainly be injured."What about the Holy Spirit? There is still a big gap compared to my Xinghai Spirit."The Xinghai Linger, the knight can be ranked 18th in the fusion furnace, far more than the St. Ling cited ranking, can be three evolutions. Yang Wenzhao has now completed its first evolution. This is his greatest virtue."Difference, distance?" During the sudden eruption, two icy words suddenly rang out in the room of Yang Wenzhao. What drew him was that this sound came from all directions, so that he could not judge the source of the sound at all. Moreover, With his weak perception, he did not feel that someone was attacking.The window shook slightly, and the next moment, a slim figure had been quietly enlarged in front of Yang Wenzhao.Yang Wenzhao swiftly took a step back. The golden light flashed in his hands. Two big swords were already in control. The strong golden light burst out of his body and he instantly showed the light in the house. In the first instance, he made the most calm response, but his shock was not reduced. If this person is not in front of himself, he can't even detect her arrival. If she is attacking herself...Yang Wenzhao did not think about it anymore, but he completely focused on facing the immediate crisis."Assassin?" he cried. At the same time, the person in front of him was carefully looked at.A black dress, the same black veil covering the face, holding a green bamboo stick in the right hand, the delicate body seems to be blowing like a gust of wind. Purple long hair quietly scattered behind him, the most let Yang Wenzhao surprised that her eyes exposed outside did not actually have the slightest color."You shouldn't hurt him." Every word spit in the cold sound of Picker's voice makes Yang Wenzhao feel awkward."Magic tone through the brain?" Yang Wenzhao immediately capture the mind, the body emits golden light as if the real general, vaguely condensed into a layer of hyperthyroidism covering the body, chest, a little star-shaped halo release, face the unknown but with A girl who feels threatened by his life, he has gone all out."Hey--" The bamboo sticks in the hands of the children were taken in place, and they were not half-footed on the ground.With the feeling completely, Yang Wenzhao immediately erected his right-handed sword.“When you groan,” a layer of golden light sparkled in an instant, and the god defended himself. A black figure slipped momentarily, and the child, who was standing there, was just beginning to disappear.Yang Wenzhao bowed inwards, and the left-handed sword did not hesitate to insert into the ground. At the same time, dozens of star-blue light clusters were ejected from his chest.These stars of blue light do not need him to command, and they instantly shrink in one direction.Caier appears in Yang Wenzhao's side position, and Shen Yuge blocks her first strike. Yang Wenzhao’s reaction is extremely fast. The star-blue light groups that Xinghai Lingyue erupted in a powerful manner instantly shrouded her. Inside.However, before waiting for Yang Wenzhao to relax, he saw an incredible scene.The child's left hand always stays close to the body and does not move. There is a dark golden dagger among his right hands. The flashes of the road flash instantly. What Yang Wenzhao can see is that the sea spirits launched by Xing Hai Linghu actually strike one by one. Shattered.The child's speed is so fast that Yang Wenzhao can't see it clearly. Every time he pulls out, there will be a light group annihilating every time he punctures, and the afterglow will flicker. It's like a smashing cloud, and the next moment, all the stars are gone. .After all, Yang Wenzhao was able to defeat Long Haochen’s generation of youth, Jun Yan, and was a disciplined knight. At this time, he calmed down. The Knights have an inherent advantage in the face of the Assassin, because the Cavaliers have a strong defense and attack is not weak, and there are many powerful skills that can exert some restraint on Assassins. Assassin attack is strong, but defense is their fatal weakness, as long as the Cavaliers hit it once or twice, they are likely to lose combat effectiveness.Both swords vibrate at the same time, lightning lightning stab hands. Two big swords with a sharp light properties of energy instantly broke out, illusions out of countless golden sword shadows shrouded Caier's body. Against the speed of the assassin, range attacks are clearly the most effective.Caier coldly, Jiaoqu slightly shook at a strange rhythm, and she seemed to just swing her body in a very small area. However, the golden sword was just like that from her. Sweeping around the body can't hit you at all.In the eyes of Yang Wenzhao, the child at this time was like a ghost. His sword could not keep up with the action of Cherr. this is? Assassin fifth-order secret ghost flash?Yang Wenzhao was completely unable to attend to the enemy at this time. The intense golden light suddenly burst out of his body, and the dragon squeaked and the dragon slammed. Only this time his dragon attack was not upward but forward.Rising Dragons not only has a powerful attack, but also an offensive and defensive one skill. With lightning strikes, he took advantage of the dragon. At the same time, Xinghai Lingzhuang shone again, and dozens of blue stars rushed out of the group. They did not seek to attack the enemy and seek self-protection. They swerved around his body.What Yang Wenzhao has to do is to use the power of the dragon to beat out the room. In this narrow range, his ability cannot be fully realized. As long as he rushes outside, he can at least summon his own horse companion. It will not be passive as it is now.The child's sparkling body suddenly condenses, but it is no longer dodged. Then he stands at the front of the dragon and the petite stretches slightly in a lazy position. In a flash, a dark light is revealed quietly. Without any image, it looks like a shadow released by Caier.The golden light collapsed and Yang Wenzhao's physique was crushed down. His Dragon Teng who had suffered from Long Haochen's loss was actually intercepted under the black light and bombardment.Yang Wenzhao retreated. He had never been so severely suppressed as it was before him. On his great sword, there were dozens of trails left.Overlord stab, is an assassin fifth-order skill, more importantly, the kind of near-dead chilly sentiment exhaled by Cecil makes him feel the blade and body at any time, the feeling of frightened .However, Yang Wenzhao had no time for thinking at this time. Fortunately, there was a Xinghai Linghu body that temporarily stopped Ch'ai's pursuit. But the sea spirit whose attack power was extremely strong struck under the child's dagger. Even if the attack power broke out, he died.Suddenly, Yang Wenzhao awakened, this is a special skill of the assassin, it seems to be called a stinger, specifically for magic, but was used by each other to address their own soul furnace. The female assassin is clearly young, but the crisis she has brought to her has been so strong.It would be nice if you would lock in your skills. In that case, at least you could deal with her ghost flash.One side of his mind was thinking that Yang Wenzhao could not be idle in his hands. He was charged with assault, puncture, and smashing. The three skills were all in one go. The light of a layer of blue Yingying was also spread out from the chest at the Xinghai Lingchang and turned into a layer. The blue light brilliance covers the whole body, which is the advanced ability of his Xinghai Lingji after the first evolution.Yang Wenzhao understands that in this narrow space, if he continues to do so, he will only become more and more passive. He would rather be hit by a few opponents, and he must first rush out to speak. Although this assassin is powerful, as long as he can summon the mount, it is also like a fight.Although she couldn’t see her son, her capture was more intensive than the assassin she could see. Absolute overbearing. She actually has a variety of ways to attack from other positions and achieve better results, but she remembers telling her that Yang Wenzhao and Long Haochen had said under their subordinates that Yang Wenzhao all won the battle through positive battles. It's morning."When." Black Mang rises, the front hard day. Her approach is not like an assassin at all, but more like a soldier.Yang Wenzhao only felt that the razor-sharp suffocating air that he had suffocated rushed in from his own day. The dazzling light was like a sun. It was actually broken from the center.From the total amount of spiritual power, Yang Wenzhao can feel that the opponent is not stronger than himself, but she has reduced the spiritual power to a level of extreme terror and is fully integrated with murder.Yang Wenzhao's body banged on the wall and caused the entire hotel to shake. The next moment, thousands of white lights suddenly zoomed in front of him.withstand? He couldn't completely resist, but for a moment, Yang Wenzhao’s mind was blank.If Long Haochen is here, he will recognize that the white light that has been ejected from the cheek of Chyer is the power of Thousand Strangling.噗, 噗, 噗, 噗, 噗, 噗...A series of sharp instruments sounded into the meat, and numerous blue light spattered in the air.The cold voice echoed in Yang Wenzhao's ear. "You wound him with a hob, and I broke your furnace with my holy furnace."All the light and shadow stagnated momentarily, and Caier stood close to Yang Wenzhao's position. The dagger in his hand did not fit into the right chest of Yang Wenzhao. Face to face, Yang Wenzhao only felt that the spiritual power in his body had been completely emptied. From beginning to end, Cai Er used only her right hand.