Chapter Thirty-two The Battle of Wonders (Part Two)However, how could such a powerful eighth-order magic be used from such a little girl's hand? The end result can be dumbfounding. She actually just summoned a lamb.There is no doubt that this is another wonderful game and it is still quite wonderful...Long Haochen saw Chen Yinger walk out in front of him and his mouth could not help twitching. He suddenly remembered, as if he had heard the teacher a few days ago that there was a genius out of the soul temple, and he had summoned eight in the game. World of Warcraft. It should be her. However, she can summon the eighth level of Warcraft, just what happened to this little lamb?Wang Yuanyuan’s victory was also a murky one. She quietly collected the precious stones and walked out of the trial field with doubts.Long Haochen remembered Caier and did not stay any longer. After swiftly stepping out of the court, he ran straight to the place where she had agreed.Because of the second group, Lin Xin and Sima Xian played in full for ten minutes. So when Long Haochen arrived at the destination, she did not come.Finally came back early, Long Hao morning loose. Qi, standing there quietly waiting.He never knew it. Waiting for it was also such a thing to look forward to.The slight voice of “笃, 等, 笃” came from a distance. Long Haochen’s hearing was quite good. He immediately caught this familiar and cordial voice and looked up. Just when she saw that she was walking toward this side, Li Xin was also holding her one arm and saw Long Haochen on this side. Li Xin also waved at him.The dragons flashed a smile, and when he was ready to meet him, suddenly, an unpredictable glow suddenly appeared. The heat was generated from his forehead, and Long Haochen only felt like a huge furnace in the sky suddenly shrouded himself. The next moment, his brain was blank.In the distance, Li Xin escorted her son to walk toward Long Haochen. Suddenly, she saw with horror that Long Haochen had a purple light on his forehead and vaguely saw that there were nine branches of purple light. Violet suddenly flashed, Long Haochen disappeared out of thin air."What's the matter? Hao Chen." Li Xin slammed anxiously, and at the side of her, Caier immediately felt wrong. He hurriedly asked, "What happened to Xin Er's sister?""Yan Chen and Hao Chen were gone." Li Xin took her child rushed to the place where Long Haochen disappeared. He said with a dull eyes. Not only they were surprised, but the people who had just passed here were all those who saw the scene. A startled exclamation with surprise."How could it happen suddenly?" Li Xin said in disbelief.The anti-traditional adoption of Caier was still more calm. He seized Li Xin's hand and said, "My elder sister, don't worry. What happened? You said to me." Regardless of how sensitive her other five senses are, she will eventually see Not seeing, just just feel a strange spiritual power fluctuations flashed out, the next moment came Li Xin's exclamation.Li Xin elaborated on what she had just seen. After listening to her words, Caier’s face became dignified. With her knowledge, she also did not know what had happened."Sister, let's go back and see if we can wait until early in the morning. I also went to the head teacher and asked if something must happen. It must be something.""Okay, I'll tell you the first time I have news." She has already come along and she already knows where she picks up.Although the surface of Caier was calm, the anxiousness of his heart was worse than that of Li Xin. The disappearance of Long Haochen was really weird. It is totally impossible to use common sense.Did not return to the residence, green bamboo sticks rushed to the ground, she went straight to the holy coalition government to go away.Ten minutes later, Caier was already standing in front of the wind.The shadows are frowned upon. “After listening to your description, the kid seems to have been sent away by some kind of law. Also, it is still not actively transferred. Then there are only three possibilities. The first is what he concluded with what creature. After the master-slave agreement, he is a subordinate party, and the main one needs his help to summon him away. The second possibility is what powerful curse he has, and he is forced to break open the space by the curse. The third kind is that his equal-parity partner is threatened with fatality, and he temporarily sends in the past to help him. Although there may be other possibilities, I can only think of these three types of things for the time being. With the situation at the time, he was waiting. It is impossible for you to use things like sending reels on your own, he is not a magician, and it is impossible to learn the magic of space class transmission, so I guess the greatest possibility is to be taken away by his contract partner. Do you know what his horse partner is?"Caier shook his head blankly and immediately asked: "Grandpa Shadow, then he will not be dangerous?"The shadows smile with the wind: "This is hard to say. If it is really called by his contract partner, it depends on the strength of his contractual partner. The stronger the contract partner, the more dangerous he may encounter. Big, on the contrary, if the contract partners are weak, then the danger is much less. This is hard to say. Not to mention you, even if I am a professional who is a repair, without accurate coordinates, May find him. He is likely to be sent directly to another space. So, you are anxious and useless now. All you can do is wait and wait for him to come back.""Then if he can't come back?" Caier's hands gradually clenched.The shadow took a deep breath and calmly replied, "Then prove that he is dead."Caier's body trembled and turned away."Steamed bread, what are you going to do?" The shadow eagerly asked.The child's head does not return: "Go to him where he is missing and wait for him. If you say so, then when he returns he must appear to have been sent away. That is his coordinates.Long Haochen really was sent away? The answer is positive. Moreover, just as the shadow of the wind expected, he was forced to pull away by his own ride partner.The consciousness gradually recovered, and the burning sensation spread throughout the body. Long Haochen also regained his strength."Hey cough." It was only transmitted, Long Haochen could not help but cough. Because he inhaled a very cloudy air. There is a lot of dust in the air, and there are many arrogant magic elements. Just inhaled, let Long Hao morning cough. He subconsciously released a veil of light to isolate himself from the outside air. With the help of the filtering function of the reticle, he breathed a few clean airs.This is where? Long Haochen's hands don't forget me to ring the mountains with light, the lightsaber and the shield of the glory have appeared in the hands. The first thing to do in the face of danger is calmness. The first time to protect yourself.After breathing smoothly, he discovered that he was in a hillside position, and what he could see in front of him immediately produced a strong shock.This is a black and red world. The sky is dark and there is no visible star. In the air, there are rich dark elements and fire elements. Other attribute elements are also there, but they are very complicated. It is not as abundant as dark elements and fire elements.Looking ahead, there are traces of cracks in countless places on the earth, and even a river of magma interweave.No wonder the temperature here is so high. Long Haochen was shocked and full of vigilance. How can I come here? Subconsciously, he felt a burning sensation before his forehead.At this moment, the familiar call rose in his heart, and Long Haochen's heart shook with laughter.He slammed back, only to see that behind him is a small cave, which seems to have a ray of light looming out.That's right, that's the flavor of the bright moon. Long Haochen had already completely awakened from the transmission process and set himself on a holy mask, and he walked toward the cave.The cave is not deep, he soon saw the bright moon. But at this time, the appearance of Haoyue surprised Long Haochen.There was a very weak atmosphere, and the small light and the small fire's head were all hanging on the ground. Its body seemed to have grown a bit more than it had left, and the bulge at the neck had also significantly increased.However, the scales of Haoyue's body have at least dozens of cracks, and there are vaguely traces of purple blood. The most peculiar thing is that from inside it, a layer of blue light is constantly shining. Almost accompanied by breathing, it flashes once every three times."Ye Yue, how are you?" Long Haochen didn't hesitate to release a holy mask on Haoyue. The golden color brought by the holy masks continues to heal the wounds of Haoyue.The spirit of Haoyue was aroused, and Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo looked up to Long Haochen, and a series of messages passed through the mind to Dragon's morning.Haoyue did not explain why it became this way, but told Long Haochen that this was its original space. It was evolving and it was on the verge of a final breakthrough. At this time, he was the weakest and needed the protection of Long Haochen. As long as the evolution is completed, you can drink Long Haochen to return to the mainland."Ye Yue, you can safely evolve. I protect the law for you." Long Hao Chen said without hesitation. After once again releasing a holy mask on the body of Haoyue to maintain a sustained therapeutic effect, he turned to a cave and stayed at the entrance of the cave.This is another space. Everything here is different from what he knows. It is impossible to say that there is no fear in your heart. But for Long Haochen, what is more important is the safety of Haoyue. Haoyue is his brother, and they have their blood in each other's body. If it is not extremely dangerous, how can Haoyue summon forcibly your own?