Chapter 3 Teacher from Hell? (three)The right-handed sword was inserted directly into the ground as the body fell backward. At the same time, the upper body forced back and the left-handed sword swept away. At this moment, Long Haochen only felt that his spiritual power seemed to break through to a brand new realm. This sword was drawn from the jaws of the lizard, and although it failed to fly it in its strength-enhanced state, it also closed its abhorrent mouth to the pump.At the same time, Long Haochen also bent the archer's right-hand bamboo sword back into a bow with his left leg swept out and kicked over the jaw of the iguana.After two consecutive strikes, the connection was extremely tight, and the body of the iguana was unable to maintain balance and was kicked up by his kick.At the same time, Long Haochen also completed a backflip movement with the help of Zhu Di’s bamboo sword. At the same time, he released the right-handed bamboo sword. This allowed him to land in a flash in advance. The left-handed bamboo sword had a faint white lightning. Steadily upward.As soon as he snorted, the lizard raised his upper body was immediately penetrated by the bamboo sword and resisted the body's whereabouts.In the shrill screams, the tail of the lizard swept in an instant and made its final dying struggle.However, Long Haochen had already had a judgment, a sword succeeded, a local tumbling directly, flashing off the last blow of the lizard, while pulling out the right hand sword inserted in the ground to make a defensive posture.Hey, the lizard fell to the ground and his body was violently distorted. The pain in his abdomen made it screaming again and again. It did not die for a moment.Long Hao Chen first calmly looked around and found no other World of Warcraft, which he found a big tree as a reliance, breathing heavily.Only for a moment, his body sweated. All the physical power seems to have been emptied at this moment.From the face of an iguana to defeat the enemy, it is only a matter of seconds. In the few seconds of the death, it can be said that all his potential has been inspired. In particular, it was the process of perception that was particularly clear before, and it was all the power of Long Haochen to reach its full potential. The final fatal blow also used the only skill that Xingyu taught him, the white blade. Instantly concentrates all the body's spiritual power on one point, generating 110 percent of its attack power.For the series of actions before Long Haochen, even a person hidden in the shadows had to say perfection. Even if Long Haochen is hit by an unbalanced balance, it can even be used as a lure to the enemy. After all, there was no deviation in his reaction. With two swords and one leg, the iguana was killed. At the same time, his spiritual power also broke through the 30th level and entered the third-level knighthood. This is also the reason for the increased power felt by Long Haochen.In any profession, the higher the level, the more obvious will be the feeling of a breakthrough.After a period of full gasping for half a stick of incense, the sky has become darker, and Long Haochen feels that his physical strength has recovered a bit, and the iguanas are still lying there motionless.Looking at the deceased iguana, what happened to the nine-year-old Long Haochen’s eyes gradually became more and more. “Teacher, you're right. You have to endure hardships. You're a master. I shouldn’t be dissatisfied with you. Not your teaching, I am afraid I will never see my mother again. Teacher, I will no longer complain, even if it is secretly in my heart.”As he said, Long Haochen bowed respectfully toward the top of the mountain, and he carefully approached the iguana.Even if the lowest level of Warcraft is worth more than the beast, such a level of Warcraft, at least worth a gold coin. Long Haochen is not willing to waste.He was cautious to find a stone and knocked off the tail hook of the lizard, and then he put two vines on it and pulled it to continue to go home.After that, he did not encounter any danger on the way. He returned to Odin town and went to the shop to sell his gold-toned two silver coins to his hometown. .Shiraishi seemed to know that his son would come back today. When Long Haochen entered the house, he immediately saw a rich dinner he had never seen before at home.The teacher kept his promise and she really brought good food to her. Seeing this, Xiao Haochen was more grateful to Xingyu."Mum, give it to you." Long Haochen offered the treasure and put all the money he had just got out and handed it to the daytime.White blinked, "Where's your money?"In order not to worry her mother, Long Haochen said a good-will lie. “It was the teacher who asked me to bring it to you. The teacher said that after becoming a knight, I also have the salary to take it. This is the first year’s salary, if I practice to promote it quickly. There may be rewards later."Surprisingly, the White Pelican did not ask anything, took the money and smiled and said: "In the morning, be sure to listen to the teacher. Do you know?""Yeah." Long Haochen nodded again and again.White said: "Is it hard to cultivate?"If it is before the hunting of an iguana, Long Haochen will answer this question to some extent. After all, in his heart, the shadow of the ants' crypts is quite powerful. But at this time, he shook his head without hesitation. “Mom, it's not bitter. The teacher taught me well. It gives me lots of good food every day, and it makes me spa.”After listening to his words, Bai Yan's face only showed some relief and touched his son's head. "Have a quick meal."After dinner, Long Haochen did not forget to use the Peiyuan liquor he had brought back to her mother to pick up a night of wild vegetable soup. This scented room went to bed.Early the next morning, he set foot on the way back to Oding. No more encounters with Warcraft on the road, soon returned to the top of the hill."Teacher, I'm back." Long Hao rushed into the wooden house.Xingyu seems to have been waiting there for a long time, saying in a subtle way: "Before conducting today's course, I have to examine whether you have forgotten what you learned last week. Tell me about the spirit needed to serve the knights, the prospective knights and the knights." The amount of force."Long Haochen replied almost without hesitation: “After attending knights from level 1 to level 10, every ten spiritual powers will be promoted by one level. Breaking through the spiritual power one hundred, that is, advance to the quasi-knight. The quasi-knight is also the ten spiritual force. A level, breakthrough spiritual power 200 can be a real knight assessment.The knight appraisal not only to assess the spiritual power, but also to conduct the knight's ten criteria.After becoming a knight, the first level is still a ten point spiritual power upgrade, That is, the total spiritual power will be advanced to the second-level knight by 210. Afterwards, the nine-level spirit will be promoted every 30 points. When the final knight is promoted to the fourth-level career, it will need 50 points. The accumulation is 500 spiritual power."Xingyu then asked: "Why then, after becoming a real knight, the first-to-second-level ascension is not the same as the spiritual power needed for the later ascension?"Long Haochen said: “Because after entering the third-generation career, it is really considered to be the professional's strong, first- to second-level, just a process to adapt to this level. You taught me whether it is the third or subsequent This is true for fourth-order and fifth-level careers. The first-to-second-level promotion is the easiest.Next, Xingyu asked a series of questions, which took half an hour before the end of the assessment. Long Haochen answered the teacher's questions one by one, but there was no mistake or leakage, showing his amazing memory."Very well, you remember very clearly. We started today's course. I ask you, do you think for a knight, is the attack more important? Or is the defense more important?"