Chapter Thirty-two Fantastic Battle (middle)In the hands of the Huoyunjing Staff, plus the liquid spirit, the low-level defensive magic can exert several times the effect in his hand, and the spiritual power consumption is naturally much slower. It is not easy for Sima Xian to break his defense.“Stop.” At this moment, the referee shouted and shouted at the two people who were in the stalemate."The game is over, Sima Xiansheng.""Ah?" Lin Xin said with a look of madness: "How did he win, referee, did you not see that he couldn't break my defense?"The referee looked at him in a good manner and said, "Are you a pastor or he is a pastor? For ten minutes, do you know? You two strangers quickly gave me down.""Hey..." Lin Xin remembered that his opponent was a pastor rather than a soldier. The ten minute time limit was reached. It was only his defense and others attacked.Sima Xian also reacted and suddenly laughed without any image. "Wow, haha, you silly, my brother is a priest."As he walked toward the sidelines, Sima Xian learned to sway his strong buttock while learning Lin Xin's style and voice. “My brother has medicine, brother has medicine...”The other eight people resting on the sidelines have a feeling of crying and laughing. This pair of live treasures! But what they can't understand most is why Lin Xin has not issued an attacking magic from beginning to end.Only Li Xin's mind was dark, and when he remembered Nightingale, Lin Xin might not attack it at all."The next game, Caier to Li Xin. The two sides played." The referee seemed to have a kind of sentimental feeling of blasphemy and announced the beginning of the next game without pause.Life picks children, Li Xin is really a bit embarrassed. How could this weak girl still be blind?"I'll take the children, let's go to power." Li Xin had already thought about it. She was lucky to be in the finals. It was almost impossible to get a place. Only after entering the first sixteenth is there a chance of winning, and it is obviously not easy to break out of this group. Since this is the case, fortunately, it's forgotten. Ye Hao confessed to his brother.While thinking about it, she pulled Caier's bamboo stick and took her into the venue.The two sides decided that when the referee was preparing to announce the rise of pillars that were beneficial to the assassin, Caier suddenly said: "Without this game, I will give up."“Hey,” Li Xin suddenly shocked, “I’ve adopted your sister, you...”Caier shook his head gently to Li Xin, his hands holding green bamboo sticks to the ground, and walked off to the outside.Li Xin quickly followed her out and it was certainly a good thing to win without a fight. She could see her adopting some embarrassing steps. Her heart could not bear it."Sister Geer." Li Xin supported her arm. "You don't have to admit defeat. I can't enter the top 16 anyway."Caier smiled. "Things are artificial, maybe you can enter?"In the second set of games, when the two consecutive games finished in an abnormal state, the third group on the side of the Warrior Temple also performed an odd game."Chen Yinger and Wang Yuanyuan played in the game."Long Haochen had already prepared to go immediately after finishing his own game and waited for the children to be taken. But when he saw the two players on the court, he immediately stopped.Because this is the second place in the game, it is the only two women in this group that have attracted the attention of Long Haochen.Chen Yinger is the petite girl who looks very weak. And Wang Yuanyuan is naturally the tall girl with a shield.Hey, Wang Yuanyuan put his own heavy shield on the ground and made a dull noise. The loess around it was trembling with a trembling vibration. It can be seen that the shield is not just empty.Chen Yinger was shocked and shuddered. "Wow, my sister, your shield is very heavy."Wang Yuanyuan smiled a little and said: "You are the temple of the soul, young sister. You must be careful later. If you can't, then you will lose."Chen Yinger nodded his head and looked at the huge shield."The game begins." The referee slammed back after he announced.Wang Yuanyuan's huge shield in the left hand side was raised and the legs were moving at a high speed. He immediately launched an assault towards Chen Yinger. Her speed is even faster than that of the Cavaliers' assault skills. On the shields of his hands, a rich blue light shines.In the face of Wang Yuanyuan’s lightning-like assault, Chen Yinger was not alarmed. His hands made a heart-warming move. A huge crystal ball was already in her hands.A buzzing sound, a soft energy wave wafting from the crystal ball, and a wave of wave-like spiritual power fluctuate outward.Although the original speed of Wang Yuanyuan was very fast, it was not released by the spiritual power. The invisible ripples had blocked her way when she was still ten meters away from Chen Yinger."Ah, hey." Wang Yuanyuan shouted, the shield raised in his hand, and the lower edge of the hand moved forward. Under her arm's lead, this huge shield flew out of nowhere, like a heavy axe. Barriers.With a loud bang, Wang Yuanyuan only felt as if he was trapped in a piece of cotton. The strike did not encounter too much obstruction. However, the soft, cottony feeling immediately bound her, followed by a surge of The soft elasticity sent her out, and even after the person flipped the shield over the air for a week, he settled down firmly.  what happened? In the eyes of Wang Yuanyuan's eyes, he had a look of trepidation. She had previously fought with the magician, but the summoner was still the first time. Such a situation was never encountered. It seems that Chen Yinger, who looks harmless to humans and animals, is not as good as the surface!Chen Yinger didn't seem to see the original situation at all. Her eyes had been staring at the small crystal ball on his hands.Soft pastel blue light swayed from the crystal ball, suddenly, a pale blue six-pointed star appeared on the ground in front of her.The spiritual power fluctuation was soft from beginning to end, but when the light blue six-pointed star appeared, Chen Yinger’s face suddenly turned pale and his body was even faltering.Immediately afterwards, the door slowly rose from the six-pointed star.It was an extremely magnificent gate that was twenty feet wide and had a height of four feet. When it rose from the ground, it seemed that there were innumerable brilliances around him excited. All sorts of strange sounds also followed, worms, birds, shit, tigers, dragons, and the voices of innumerable creatures echoed in this test field.Around the magnificent gate, there are countless carvings, it seems to be only a World of Warcraft, and these World of Warcraft emotions are nonetheless excited.However, it is impossible to see what these World of Warcraft are all about. There is a faint light blue weapon around the gate. From time to time, there is also a hint of green blue color."The door of the soul?" The referee not far from the point of almost blurted out, watching Chen Yinger's face changed greatly.Long Haochen also had his eyes widened. He was the first time he saw this strange scene. When he recalled the announcement of this group list, he seemed to have the number one summoner of the soul temple. Is it this young girl who looks older than herself? This shows that she is at least a fifth-order strong, and what is this creature's door?The most nervous person is undoubtedly the king who is in the game. She is no longer in a hurry to attack. The whole body is slightly curled up. In a vague, a slight overbearing breath begins to spread out from her body. The intense blue light slag Holding her body with shield in hand. No one saw that there was already a huge gem in her left hand. I didn't know what to do.“Open it, the door of souls. The spirit of all things listens to me and comes back, my partner.” Chen Yinger’s crisp voice sounded in the middle of the trial field, and then, in the door of the creature, there appeared to be a circle. A circle of white glow, a white light from which it emerged, appeared before the gate.The giant shield in Wang Yuanyuan’s hand has been raised, and the gemstone in the other hand is ready to be stuffed into one of the nine holes in the shield. However, the next moment, she stopped the action on her hand and at the same time opened her mouth as if she saw something incredible.Not only him but also the judges and other contestants, including Long Haochen, all responded exactly the same way. They all opened their mouths and dared not to look at everything in front of them.Yes, this is really incredible. There is indeed a summoning beast in front of the giant creature. However, its body is not directly proportional to the creature's door.The "one by one" condemnation softly shouted, and the soft little body moved slightly. It seemed that there was some fear of the atmosphere in front of him and he turned around and ran. When she came to Chen Ying-er's body and jumped to her, she seemed to seek protection.That's right, it was a lamb, a little lamb that looked like a foot long. The soft, slightly curled wool looks extraordinarily cute. A pair of watery eyes blinked and seemed to want to eat milk.Chen Yinger hugged him from the ground with a look of crying and laughing. "It's unlucky and bad luck. I admit defeat."The door of the giant creature slowly disappeared into the ground and disappeared. Chen Yinger held the young lamb and stared at Wang Yuanyuan's stunned gaze and walked so slyly. Obviously, she is also very dissatisfied with her performance."This ...." The referee did not know what to say. When he saw the door of the soul, the whole man was scared. The creature's door is known to him. This is the powerful summoning magic that can be used by the eight-step professional spirit emperor in the temple of the soul. Through the door of the creature, he can communicate extremely powerful creatures for his own use. The greatest advantage is that the summoning animals summoned through the gates of the creatures will never bounce back and will be controlled by the summoners within their time of existence.