Chapter Thirty-two Fighters (I)Knight sixth-order skills, locked.Even the strength of Yang Wenzhao, who had eaten a lot of losses under this lock-in skill, not to mention repairing it was even worse than Long Haochen's star. No matter how strong his ability to dodge, when the lock-in skill is completed, the Holy Light turns instantaneously in the air and chases after his body.For the Assassins, "The most feared is the Cavalier's lockup skills. When the assassin's repairs reach the sixth level, they can learn to guard against stealth skills before they can restrain their locking skills.However, this locked red light appears quickly and disappears quickly. It just flashed for a moment and the red light had dissipated. Because the star pheasant is continuously flying, the guidance of the sacred light without locking can only fly forward, directly on the ground.The yellow earth surface suddenly appeared. Immediately afterwards, other contestants all saw an awkward scene. On the ground, a huge gutter with a length of 30 feet and a depth of 30 feet suddenly appeared, and the surrounding loess turned brown. It was obviously The burning of light elements. The strong light attributes swiftly reverberate in the playing field.The stars slammed their feet to the floor, their eyes flashing with a look of uncertainty. Just before the moment, he thought he was going to heaven. Look back at this time, when he saw the huge trench, his clothes were instantly saturated with sweat. If such a tyrannical blow hits him, I am afraid that there will not be any leftover bones. There is no doubt that it was Long Haochen's own lock release that did not really fall on him.In a mood of extreme shock and tension, he almost blurted out, "I admit defeat, I would like to thank the big brother-in-law under the mercy."He conceded that Long Haochen had thought of it, but what he called it was that Long Haochen gave a glimpse of "Mr. Big Brother-in-law? What big brother-in-law?"Long Hao Chen Sheng." The referee announced Long Yichen's victory in the game while playing with him with a surprised look. Even the seventh-order strongman did not see the ability of Long Haochen to find the exact position of Xingluo.Of course, they do not know that Long Haochen's spiritual power is different from ordinary people. If he is directly looking for an assassin who uses the accumulating skill, he can't do it. However, before Xing Lie began to dodge and hide in front of his eyes. With his high sense, Long Haochen has always followed Xing Xing with his own spiritual power. “He closed his eyes in order to concentrate on his spirit and make accurate judgments. This is why he has used the momentum calmly.Fifth-order Cavaliers, this has already made the other three contestants' hearts full of policemen. In their eyes, Long Haochen has never released his mount! If such a fifth-order knight had yet another strong horse, his strength would surely be higher.The most depressing ones were those assassins. Locked, the big brother-in-law had a six-step Cavalier skill lock. How could that be? There is no doubt that they only have the chance to compete for the second team.While Long Haochen had won the first round victory over the enemy, the second group of games was also in full swing."Second game, Lin Xin, Sima Xian, last game."Lin Xin did not recognize the bald priest and walked to the middle of the trial field to see the opponent.This is a priest robe, but this guy is too strong. Should not the priest's body be relatively weak?With doubts, Lin Xin walked onto the court.Sima Xian was not as nervous as he was. The bald priest never knew what he was afraid of. With his large staff, he strode into the middle of the field.The referee whispered: "Since the priest is not good at attacking, there is a pastor's participation in the finals. As long as the priest is able to defend for ten minutes, it is a victory. The game begins."The most important role of the priest in the team is healing and assistance. Therefore, if the fight is to be fought, it is obviously unfair to the priest. Therefore, the Hunting Moss Trials have such a provision.Lin Xin showed a smile to Sima Xian who thought he was the most handsome. "Hello, Sima. I am the number one magic temple and the first in the magical sanctuary. It's better for you to admit defeat. If it hurts you, will it affect the game behind you? ”The magician is recognized as the strongest attacker of the six temples. The priest is most afraid of the assassins, followed by the magician. Lin Xin is telling Sima Xian that my attack is strong and you can't stand it.If it were to change a priest, "it may be really scared by the name of his first magical temple." Is it a priest, but he has only violence?"Give ass away. I'll be the first in the preliminaries of the Priest Temple. I'm coming." As he spoke, Sima Xian strode under the feet and rushed directly toward Lin Xin. The pale golden gems at the top of the darkened staff suddenly appeared. The rich sacred breath spreads out, highlighting the attributes of his pastor.This guy is really a good guy, Li Xin secretly heard a cry, his right hand lifted, fire cloud crystal wand has appeared in the master. The intense fire element soared instantaneously, and the viscous fire element made the air around his body pale red.Seeing this scene, not to mention Li Xin was shocked, even the adopters were frowning because they felt the element of fire in the air.Huoyunjing pointed to the front and a huge flame shield was born and presented to Lin Xin. This is a two-step fire shield skill, but it is used by Lin Xin. The height of the fire shield was one foot high and it was half a foot wide. It kept his body behind, and the strong fire element made the air in the venue become hot instantly.Sima Xian was also at a loss in his heart, but he did not stop the charge in the footsteps. He shouted, and the staff in his hand went straight to the fire shield in front of him.Lin Xinyan had his eyes widened and the other participants in the three groups had the same idea.With a loud bang, the fire shield shook violently. The position of the cricket was obviously sunken. Numerous fine cracks appeared around the sag.Sima Xian's actions did not stop, huge staffs flew up and down, and they were booming, booming, booming, and booming..."A series of bombardment all slammed above the fire shield, and the fire splattered. Seeing that the fire shield would not support it.Lin Xin this response, secretly: I rely on. The weak cloud of fire once again lifted, but he did not see the incantation. A circle of rich flames of light had bloomed and it was to resist the ring of fire. Like the fire shield, his resistance to the ring of fire was also at least twice as big as normal.However, at this time, the golden jewels in front of Sima Xian's wand light up and a white light oscillates. Fight against ferocious resistance to fire ring.Resistance to the ring of fire and light burst at the same time collapsing, Sima Xian wand swept out of the hand, boom - fire shield broken.Lin Xin is a fifth-order magician, and Sima Xian Xiu is only fourth-order. There is a gap between the two sides. And Lin Xin’s control of the element of fire is extremely powerful. At the moment when the fire shield collapses, it is another side of the fire shield.” At the same time, he again releases a ring of resistance, and this time, Sima Xian’s strike will be smooth. Back out.Are you wrong? Is this guy not a warrior? Soldiers dressed in pastor's skin.Lin Xin silent in his heart, muttering a few incantations in the mouth, suddenly, six gold red fireball shot out. Just when everyone thought he was going to attack, the six golden red fireballs stopped in the six directions of his body, and then slowly swiveled around his body. A layer of rich golden red mask appeared."Elemental fire shield, I see how you broke my re-royalty." Lin Xin could not help but anger drunk.Sima Xian disdainfully grinned, "Elemental fire shield count as fart, the same broken you." While he said, he burst into a cry, once again rushed, wand flying up and down in the hands, a great cloak trend. At the same time, from time to time, a huge hammer of the Light Hammer hits the Elemental Fire Shield.For a time, in the trial venue, the fire and the golden light continued to rise, and the intense spiritual power fluctuations continued to stir in the field."Sister Li Xin, how can I not understand some of it?" Asked Li Xin, slightly stunned.Li Xin smiled and said, "Don't say you don't understand, I can't read it. The battle between the magician and the priest is actually the priest's main attack, and the magician is defending. This is really..."This is definitely a wonderful fight. The bald priest Sima Xian, a staff, flew up and down, like a dragon to the sea, constantly bombarded Lin Xin's defense.Lin Xin is also strong, a defensive constant release, allowing Sima Xian to attack like rain, I never stand still. However, he does not release any attacking skills.Lin Xin in the hands of the fire cloud crystal occasionally make up a defense, some proud of the road: "shaved his head, not you. Do you break my defense ah? I see how you break. Hey."Sima Xian coldly yelled, "What is there to be proud of? I use physical strength to attack you, but you are consuming inner spiritual power. Sooner or later, you will expend energy on your spiritual strength. By that time, I will see how you have stopped me from attacking." In his heart is also strange, to Lin Xin's strong spiritual power, if he uses a few tyrannical attacking magic, I am afraid he may not be able to hold it, although he is good at attacking, but the priest's defensive ability is not a . However, this guy never attacks. Why is this?Lin Xin disdainfully grinned, his left hand opened, the light flashed, his hands had a crystal bottle."Think of my spiritual power. You are dreaming day and night. Brother has medicine. When he sees it, the potency of this medicine in the bottle can be restored to 200. I see how long your physical strength can last." ,Sima Xian narrowed his eyes. "You are obviously shameless."Lin Xin said with triumph: "What is it called shamelessly? There is no rule in the contest that no medicine is allowed. You have medicine, brother has medicine, do you have it? What's more, on this point of your spiritual power, can you force your brother to take medicine? Two say it."