Chapter 31 The beginning of the final (below)"Because the playing field is not suitable for the assassins, four pillars will be raised in the venue to protect their stature and ensure the fairness of the game."Do not know how to use the organization, a thick stone pillars in the Zazha sound slowly emerged from the ground, has been spread until Wuzhang Gaocai stopped. With these four pillars that need two people to hold together, it is much more beneficial to the assassins. Otherwise, their speed, dodge, and latent ability could not be fully realized at the test field of a flat plain.The thin star stared at the eyes and watched Long Haochen. It was the color of alertness. He also secretly complained in his heart, how can I let him first confront him? For others, you can at least see the reaction of the Big One. Forget it, try it out first.With the referee screaming, the Stars could not retreat, and instantly turned into a dark shadow and disappeared after a pillar. For a good assassin, the most important thing is to never let the enemy find his specific location.Long Haochen stood there without chasing. The golden mist rose slowly and surrounded him with a soft brilliance. It is the momentum.In this third group, the Cavaliers have only one player, so the other contestants naturally do not know what kind of fighting method he has. This skill is extremely rare. Even the Knights Templar is not known by everyone. Not to mention other people in the temple. Except for the number two of the magical temple and the female warrior who has a huge shield, most of them are stunned and do not understand what Long Haochen is doing.When Long Haochen was making a stance, the movements also changed. The shield of the left-handed Guangyao guarded his chest, and the right-handed light sword leaned to the ground, and his feet were able to make the most rapid response at any time.After hiding behind the pillars, Xing Hao quickly changed his position and observed the movement of Long Haochen at the same time.Although he did not recognize the skill of Qiang Zeng, the assassin’s perception has always been high. He can clearly feel that Long Haochen is becoming increasingly dangerous at an alarming rate. There is no doubt what skills he is using. And the longer the power, the greater the power.There was almost no weak player who could enter the finals. At this time, Xing Hao also dismissed the idea of ​​Big No. 1 and the fighting instinct made him respond in the shortest possible time.In a flash, he has already leaped from the air to a pillar on the left rear of Long Haochen. When he took off, he could see that a film was attached between his arms and the two ribs. This was a special equipment for the assassin, called Yufeng Wing, which could produce gliding effect within a short distance. It can also be used to change direction when attacking an enemy. It is the favorite equipment for assassins below the sixth level.Convergence. Assassin compulsory skills. The starry dragonfly is like a leaf, without any sound falling on the ground. The whole person is almost deftly moving toward the dragon's head in the morning. The whole process is not only swift, but he has not given half the sound of breaking.Long Haochen has always maintained the original momentum. The golden haze around the body is also getting stronger.Xing Hao's speed is very fast, almost only a few blinks of time has come to Long Haochen behind, stature violently, his hands out of a dark all-in-one dagger, left-handed straight to the dragon's morning back stab To go, the right hand is wiped away towards Long Yu's morning neck position.Of course, if Long Haochen does not respond, he will not really wipe him. This is only a game after all, not life and death.At the same time that Xinghong and Shuangyun attacked at the same time, Long Haochen moved.His left foot quickly took a half step forward, only half a step, and then his shoulders flickered. The whole person fell to the left. At the same time, he took his left foot as a pivot, and his body was spinning in a swift and incomparable rotation. Facing the stars, they turn into faces.The star's blows were naturally ineffective, and the dagger behind the dragon's head just passed behind his armor and left a series of Mars on the lock, but it was not stabbed. entity.Shield blocked the impact and Long Haochen issued this skill almost in the case of a fundamental instability of his own. I saw the golden light on the Shining Shield soaring. A thick halo suddenly expanded from the shield and turned into a large shield with a diameter of two meters and hit the star.Just for a moment, Xing Hao judged the repair of Long Haochen. She could use the power of the shield to block out such power. There is only one explanation, that is, the fifth order. He couldn't attend to thinking about the other, the body huddled in an instant in the air, while the spiritual power was put out, while the hands of the two hands flew forward and hit the shield of the Glory at the same time.With a bang, the star stunned the whole person. Long Hao's morning was officially entered the fifth-order realm, and the shock of the shield exerted by the liquid spirit was not what Xing Hao was able to resist. What's more, he also added a potential effect. It's like a punch on a fly. How can the flies resist?However, the assassin also had the advantage of an assassin. In that short period of time, Xing Hao had received a very strong impact, but he also followed suit to leap forward and resolved most of the momentum. Although the arms have been paralyzed, but at least not really hurt.Assault, Knight fifth-order skills.Long Hao morning is not moving, move is like the wind, aggression is like fire. While the singer repulsed the star, he had already launched an assault like lightning and went straight to the opponent to chase it. The lightsaber crossed out and a golden light blade emerged instantly. It is light sword.At this point, Xing Li has no place in the air to use his strength, and the body is paralyzed by a shield and shocks. How easy is it to escape? If he was hit by the five-point light sword of Long Haochen, he immediately lost.Xing Hao once again proved to everyone by virtue of his cultivation that no weak person can enter the finals. Facing such an unfavorable situation, his left arm suddenly opened, and under the ribs the imperial wind wing grew up. The body was deflected quickly by the ability of the imperial wing to avoid the danger of Long Haochen. Sword, after the feet fell to the ground and quickly a bomb, instantly disappeared after a stone pillar.There was a hint of surprise on Long Yanchen’s face, but he did not pursue it. He stopped at the foot and, just like before, used his momentum again to see his bleak appearance. Obviously, he was not in a hurry.After hiding in the pillars of the star, he is breathing heavily. No wonder he can become the friend of No. 1 Big Sister, the fifth-order strong man!Knights of the same order to suffer the loss of the assassin, not to mention the two sides as there is a qualitative gap between the repair, he photographed on the face of no small losses. And to see the appearance of the dragon's aunt Yue Yuen in the morning, there was simply no temptation from him.Can not fight hard, perhaps a line of opportunity to fight. Starbucks wouldn’t go out when he thought of this. I do not take the initiative to attack you. Your ability to accumulate spiritual power is stronger. Can you not find where I can use anything?Think of it here, after Xing Zhen changed his position again, the honest and unkind front lays motionless there.Long Haochen did not seem to worry that he could not find his opponent. Not only did he not stop his momentum, but he slowly closed his eyes.In the game venue suddenly fell into silence.However, the referee did not prevent such a game from continuing. As a seventh-ranked king, he certainly understands this skill. Once Long Haochen is finished with all the inner spiritual power, if he does not launch an attack, his spiritual power will naturally disperse and he will lose the game.The referee also wants to see what Long Haochen can do. What he did not understand was why Long Haochen had never moved. Instead, he had to use this reserve skill. Is this really beneficial?Hidden in the dark, the starry dragon has been observing the situation of Long Haochen. The more he observes, the less he dares to go out. Long Yuchen's whole person is now turned into a brilliant golden color because of his potential. It is full of intensity and terror. The element of light, at any time, may erupt into an unparalleled tyrannical attack. Xing Hao now has no other choice, he can only hide and continue to use the assassin's accumulating skills, did not dare to send out the slightest movement.Moreover, he also saw Long Haochen's eyes closed, but there was a strong, cross-eyed attack by Caier. How dare he carelessly?After a minute and a second passed, Long Haochen’s momentum continued for two minutes.It seems that the two minutes seem to be short-lived and can actually be silenced for two minutes in the game. This is not normal.At this time, Long Haochen finally moved. The fog of light around the body quietly disappeared, and the lightsaber in his hands lifted it.The blazing white light burst out into blowouts, and it was almost just breathing. His light sword had become completely incandescent.Because the momentum brought him a great concentration of spiritual power, when the Holy Sword was used again, there was actually less savings.Long Haochen's eyes looked toward a pillar. It seems that his goal has been locked.The hidden stars were greatly relieved. The dragon column that Long Hao looked at was the exact opposite of his location. Although Long Haochen's strength is extremely strong, if he fails, he may still have the chance to win. It is best to make a tie, so that you are not afraid of dissatisfaction.Just when Xing Hao was thinking about his heart, the lightsaber in Long Haochen's hands had already been ejected. The blazing white light turned into a giant light blade and turned out to be incomparable. The star-studded stare was that although Long Haochen looked in the other direction, it was exactly where he was located.Impossible. How could he find me? This is the only idea in Xing Xin's mind. However, at this time he dared not hide again. Heaven knows that the stone pillars are not strong, and the dragons sent by Long Haochen with the Holy Sword have even felt the pressure on the Warring King, not to mention the stars. The crushed-like suppressed feeling made him subconsciously full of fear.Feet on the stone pillars, the star squats and the whole person has already flown out, attempting to dodge the dragon's morning attack.However, at this time, the sudden red light flashed in the eyes of Long Hao, and there was a red layer in the star that flew out of the distance.