Chapter 31 The start of the final (I)Long Haochen pulled the children from the adoption of the bamboo sticks and returned to the place where he had just sat. Lin Xin sent a seat to the side and arranged for the children to be picked up beside him.Lin Xin fell better, after all, he knew that Long Haochen was not long, but Li Xinke was surprised."My brother, this is?" Long Haochen had a red face and said: "This is Caier, Sister. She is my friend."Li Xin took a look at him and looked at Xei'er again. There was a queer smile on his face. “Oh, your young girlfriend. She's a girl, hello. My name is Li Xin. It’s Yi Chen’s sister.”"Hello," said Caier softly, but he only said two words and said nothing.Long Haochen whispered in his ear: "Is it true that you are also coming to the game?"En." Caier slightly decapitated.Long Haochen couldn't stand this way. "How never heard you before."Taken children: "You did not ask me what to do in the Holy City."Long Haochen scratched his head, as if he had never asked.Li Xindao said: "I'll take a girl, see you masked with black yarn. Should it be the Assassin Temple?"Cai Ge nodded slightly. Lin Xin on the other side is surprised, blind assassin? However, he has been in the community for a long time, naturally will not offend people against the scales, although the hearts of surprise, but did not ask questions.On the second floor of the Chamber, some people in black and veiled faces are standing there looking down. From their gray hair, they can see that the grades are not too light."Is that guy? How did he know the Virgin?" a black man could not help but ask."I don't know. According to our investigation, the former Virgo never seemed to know this person.""I don't know? If you don't know it, you can hurt his grandson's grandson from the knight's sanctuary for his sake? The people in your ancestral temple are so probing?"“You don’t get angry at the old age. You also know the temperament of the saint and her perception. He has never liked being followed by us.”"Hey. Standing in the middle of the old people in the middle of the Cinderella is the assassin of the Temple Hall, the main hall of the Hall of Fame. He thinks that Long Haochen is very unpleasant. Actually dared to take turns to bring back the Virgen. Han Hao’s old things also came to me to ask for guilty, and it should be that I went to the teacher to ask for guilty, and the people of the knight’s temple even ran away with them. There was a fierce murderous geniality, and in the whispering conversation between Ryukyu and Chern, I felt that the whole body was cold, and it seemed as if the blood had been frozen in a flash. A thick layer of golden light suddenly emerged from his inner body. Instead of spreading out, it is extremely condensed and looms over the top of Long Haochen's head to form a golden giant sword." ”The shadow cried with some surprise in the wind. “The fifth-order? Not the fourth-order? The eagle, how did you investigate?”"Is the fourth-order right?" The old man standing next to him was seriously puzzled. "Unless, unless he just broke through in the past few days. At this moment, the mood is also very bad: what do I do? You say I What are you doing? The bunny scorpion in your knight's temple should take our children off...." He almost said the word of the Holy Girl.Han Yong shouted, “What is the abduction? People are the ones who love you. I love you. From the love of chalk, do you understand?”The shadow of the wind blew the wind with no weakness: "Since Chahe is in love with farts, we have only 14 years old when we pick children. The dragons are clearly old and young."Han Ye is furious: Put your fart, you only eat young young grass. We were only 14 years old this year and up to several months older than him. ”"You're only fourteen!"There was a faint smile in the eyes of the actress: "The fourteen-year-old fifth-order knight. This is really shocking."Han Yu really wanted to slap himself. He was rushed by the shadow of the wind and suddenly showed off the murder of Long Haochen. Yang Wenhao's injuries to the assassin sanctuary had already made the knight’s high level extremely dissatisfied, if Long Yuchen had this As the stars of tomorrow will have problems, I am afraid that the good relations between the two temples over the years will really be shaken. I did not expect to be mistakenly leaking under the anger of the wind: "I was wrong, it was twenty-four."Han Hao immediately calmed down, his anger converging, said lightly. The shadow went up with the wind and smiled and patted him on the shoulder: “Yes, it’s twenty-four years old. I know what I understand. What’s the relationship between you and my ear? What will we do? I’ll do it for you. As if you would also keep us secret, this is not to strengthen our close relationship between the two temples. Han Yu is really dumb to eat Coptis, she can't say anything, and looks gloom With the wind, he grunted heavily. "What are you doing with these two old things? At this moment, an old voice sounded. It was an old man wearing a golden magic robe and looked puzzled at the two people in the golden light. Han Lan raised his hand and dispelled the light of isolation. "Nothing." As the wind blows, I take care of him."The shadow has just taken up the bargain and it's in a good mood. “Yes, I just had a slight convulsions. It was already a good time. The old Lintou, the group draw was about to start. I heard that your kid was in the finals. ."The old magician's face changed. "Oh, don't tell me that bastard, I'm angry when I mention it."The shadow smiled with the wind and said: "Well, you, in fact, one of your heart's incredible bar, your grandson in the potion of the potion even a certain power of your temple are appreciated."The old magician gave him a look and said: "The little bastard is really good at making potions, but he doesn't know why he has to join the hunting team."Han Yudao said, "That is also much better than my boy. I am very arrogant and I haven't even passed the preliminary game." "Oh? Han Yu's kid is not a fifth-order player? Why didn't the preliminary game pass?"The old magician looked curious, but the expression on his face was not disguised. "Lin Chen, you old things are gloating, hey."Han Yu looked unhappy. Lin Chen smiled and said, "How is this gloating? I thought that only my little bastard was shameful. It turned out that your family was also shameless. This was my balance, and my family was still in the finals.""You..." Han said, glaring at Lin Chen. "Why? Want to fight? Come! I just recently studied the use of a 9th-order curse, though it's not exhaustive. But I can try it for you." "Lin Chen is not afraid."Well, when you two meet each other like a cockfight, are you not afraid to be laughed at by people? The soft girl rang and a middle-aged woman in a white robe came slowly. The golden hair was scattered behind her, white. The embroidery on the robe of the robe is actually a golden high elves, although the age is not small, but the beautiful face is still still charm. See her, Han Yan and Lin Chen apparently stagnated, each cried No longer talking, the shadow smiled with the wind and nodded to the woman in the white robe, saying: "Cardinal Weak, hello. If someone hears her name, she will be greatly surprised. The white-robed woman who seems to be about 40 years old is actually the cardinal of the pastor's temple. It is the eighth-order strong man! And if you look at Han Yu and Lin Chen, The appearance is obviously to her face. Weak water smiled and said, "Hello, please. ”With a sigh, she continued, "I just heard you talking about the first round. We also had a monster in the pastor's temple.""Oh?" The eyes of the other three people fell on him. The six temples have a certain degree of competitive relationship with each other. One of the means of competition in the finals of the hunting demons is the selection of the finals. Therefore, they will not inform each other about the conditions of the preliminary rounds. At this time, they look at the weak water and have a headache. They Naturally curious. Weak water sighed and said: "We will probably change some rules in the next preliminary round," she said, her eyes naturally falling on one of the bald men below.In the Chamber, the golden light that appeared on Lung Sung-chen attracted the attention of many contestants. However, the murderousness quickly disappeared, and Long Haochen quickly returned to normal. However, the back was still cold. The child's eyes were stupid, and when she felt the murderousness of the dragon, she had lifted her left hand. When the murders disappeared, her hand was quietly dropped."What's going on?" Li Xin asked with a question. Long Zhaochen shook his head and said: "I'm not worth it either. It just feels like someone locked me up and has a strong murderous attitude."Lin Xin looked indifferent: "It's okay. Is someone trying to test you and seeing it? On the second floor, the six temples will have high-level ceremony to observe the ceremony. It must be one of them. But here's our coalition government who dares to trouble here?"At this moment, an old man wearing a pale gold embellishment walked onto the Challenge platform in the Chamber.The old man was burly and felt stronger than the bald man. The short gray hair was like a steel needle and he was erected. The age did not allow his body to relax. The muscles under the load are just like granite. The pale golden embroidered with eight silver dragons embroidered, and his eyes were even more visible. As soon as he appeared, the coercion of the roof was very natural and led the audience to calm down.