Chapter 33: Evolution of the Moon, the third head (middle)The golden mask rises and protects Long Haochen. The light elements that suddenly become rich also allow him to recover his spiritual strength. More importantly, in the protection of the holy mask, those who are afraid to rush to come. As soon as their bodies enter the scope of this holy mask, the black color on top will immediately melt away.Long Hao Chen big mouth, big mouth breathing, an hour. He has been here for a whole hour.The tingling of his arms is almost impossible to lift. He must constantly urge the spiritual power to nourish his own body. Huiling Dan has already eaten six grains, but this continuous fighting is far more than just consuming spiritual power. The load on the body and the load on the heart are all important factors affecting their own well-being.Seeing the arm getting heavy, the scorpion attack is getting fiercer. Long Haochen had to launch the Holy Light Mask attached to the wristband of his aura.The Emerald Bracers sent to him by the Nightingale can release the Holy Light Mask three times a day. Released at this time, not only does not consume his spiritual power, but also to help him restore spiritual power, treatment arm pain. Long Yuchen’s physical condition suddenly changed greatly. However, the purple air from behind him became more and more intense, and he even vaguely heard the heavy breathing of the moon.To live on, we must persevere and live in the hearts of Long Haochen, secretly admonishing myself, and in any case, we must block these evils for Haoyue. As the reticle gradually dispersed, suddenly a shrill roar rang, and the squadron, which had been constantly in charge, suddenly broke out and left and right. A figure slowly floats in the distance."Humans, there are even human beings in the world of darkness and fire. You know, who are you guarding?" The old voice was full of powerful oppression. It seemed as if the pressure from the soul had caused Long Haochen's mind to suddenly feel dazed. Release a mask again, swallowing a panacea.The figure floating slowly in the air in the distance was an old man. The tawny robe was tattered and his face was pale and gray. There was no half blood. A matted brown long hair has long lost its luster. In his right hand, he held a stick of dry bone, and under his feet was a cloud of black and gray clouds. Can not see his eyes, because in his eyes burned two groups of dark green flames.Does he actually speak people? Long Haochen was surprised at the same time but also more vigilant. "My guardian is that my friend is my partner."The old man gave a cold cry. "No, you are guarding the devil of reincarnation. This is the leader of darkness and fire. It was because of its existence that it turned the world into such a guise. The space was broken and the magma was on the earth. As many races became extinct because of it, the mighty races fled, and all that couldn't be escaped became undead and undead to live in the world of darkness and fire.Mankind I don't know what method it used to lead you here. The scent of light on you makes me nauseous and your actions make me angry. I will give you a chance to roll back to your own plane. Today's breath of Austin Griffin is in my domain, although I Just a corpse witch, but it must be killed. Otherwise, nobody knows what kind of destruction the world will bring to us once it recovers. ”Long Haochen looked puzzled at the old corpse witch, he did not quite understand what the other party's words mean. Just listen to what he meant to say that the lunar month is dangerous, and even the culprit of the destruction of the world.“Cang Yue is my brother and my partner. I believe it only.” Long Haochen said slowly, why should he believe in a corpse? A corpse witch led the army. As a bright knight, the undead creature is his inevitable enemy.The corpse said coldly: "If that's the case, then you're burying Austin Griffin."While pointing to the direction of Long Yinchen in the hands of his dry cadaver, suddenly a shrill wailing rang.Long Haochen only felt that the body was shocked, and the consciousness of the blood in the cheeks seemed to accompany this wailing and the boiled consciousness became blurred. Conscious of saving spiritual power, he quickly lifted the Shield of Glory. At the same time, the guardian gifts and beliefs fell upon him.The Glorious Shield can resist all negative effects to a certain extent, and has special effects on the defense of dark and dead magic. Guardian gifts and auras of faith are both light attribute assistive skills and also have the effect of countering this negative skill.Sure enough, the effect of wailing sound suddenly decreased. Long Haochen had a clear head in his head. He did not hesitate to lift the light sword in his hands. The golden spiritual power flowed out of his hands like a water stream, and was injected into the lightsaber. The pale golden light on the lightsaman was gradually holy. The white is replaced by the Holy Sword.Looking at the Holy Light on the Captain's Sword, the Witch-Of-Old man's eyes beat wildfire, obviously fearing. His cultivation is actually much higher than that of Jing Longchen. The reason why he tried to dare to use the words to dare to walk in the morning is because he fears the bright attributes of Long Haochen.A series of difficult spells spewed from the corpse's mouth, and the quiverbow pointed downwards. Instantly, countless squads broke up instantly, and the black bones merged together at an astonishing speed. An extremely tall black skeletal skimmer began to form.Skeleton King. A powerful combination of undead summons creatures. Up to two feet away from the body, in his right hand, there was a black bone knife with a length of ten feet. He jumped fiercely, and the huge bone knife went straight to the cave where Long Haochen was located.Long Haochen did not dare to stay in the cave again. If the king's bone knife were to be thrown over the hole, it might cause internal collapse. He will be buried alive inside.Charge, stop, God block. Long Haochen's action was extremely swift, and the Shield of Illumination, which was completely out of sync with the black bone knife, blocked the black bone knife's bombardment.In the crashing sound, Long Haochen only felt that the bones of his whole body seemed to have shattered like this, and the qi and blood in the inner body writhed. The huge turbulence caused a shield in his hands to appear almost through the shield. Cracks.Even if it was under the state of God, it was already a bloody stream in the seven dragons of Long Haochen, which shows how powerful the black king is. The rocks at his feet are cracked. If it wasn’t for his cultivation that had already broken through the fifth-order, coupled with the simultaneous evolution brought about by the evolution of Haoyue, his fear was that he would be fainted.Holy mask. Long Hao Chen did not hesitate for the second time to open the Holy Light Bracers on the Emerald Bracers, while throwing an evil spirit into the entrance. Jumping up in the air, the shield of shining light in the hand is put away, and the fire sword appears. With both hands and two swords, the revenge of the light brought by the shield of God's Imperial Block is instantaneously accelerated. A leap, it is already before the king.For the mask of the dragon that Long Haochen had risen up on his face, the king also had some fears. This is a natural attribute, and its action was slightly delayed.In the area of ​​the left-handed Fire Sword, the Light Sword, with a golden glow of flames, lingers on the king.“吼” 骷髅王 screamed, and the upper body suddenly rose. The power of the Swift Sword itself was nothing to it, but the light attribute attached above caused a white smoke on the body and suffered severe pain.In the eyes of the airborne corpse, the wildfire beats, and the boneless wand sways. Then, the squadron suddenly rushes toward the cave where Long Yuchen opened, and at the same time, a ray of black light shoots from the scepter and falls on the king. Suddenly, the king's bones became darker, and a subtle layer of fluorescence emitted. The tyrannical breath made Long Haochen's movements stagnant.The black bone knife squatted on the ground. Long Hao morning fire sword guidance, under the unloading force, only then opened this knife, but his entire person also because of the enormous power brought on the black bone knife to tilt to the side. The whole person immediately tumbling on the ground, and then only then bouncing up and yelling, "I fight with you."In the air, the cemetery's bleak face shows a slight disdain. Although the attributes attached to the human body are frightening to him, he is still far from strong enough. Not threatening yourself.Yu Wang is too strong. In front of its attack, Long Haochen can only make every effort to make flash and manoeuvre. He simply does not dare to touch it again. His attack falls on Yu Wang and only the bright attributes can be played. To a certain degree of killing effect. However, there was a corpse who looked around and he could not cause substantial damage to the King.What's more, Long Haochen has already seen a cricket rushing into the cave. His face looks even more acute. He constantly tries to fight against the King of Yu, but he can always submit to that powerful force.The corpse is no longer going to see Long Haochen. It is only a matter of time before the King of Yum kills him. His eyes fell in the direction of the cave, and the wild fire beat in his eyes, revealing embarrassment and some uneasy emotions. That's Austin Griffin! Do you really have the ability to kill it? If you can kill it and absorb its blood, how strong will I become? Will you be the next Austin Griffin? At that time, perhaps I could cross the plane with my will.Just as the corpse was squatting or not entering the cave now, all of a sudden, a strong suction pulls his body in the air and falls directly towards the hillside.Ok? what happened? The corpse was shocked and subconsciously looking toward himself. Suddenly, he discovered that he did not know when a white light with no energy fluctuations at all appeared on himself.This white glow looks very soft, but it is very strong pull. The corpse's dead magic can command the army, but he is, after all, a magical creature, and his physical strength is extremely weak. In the face of this pulling force, it is impossible to break free with only the power of the body.