Chapter 33 The Evolution of the Moon, the Third Head (I)Long Hao Chen sat cross-legged on the ground in the morning and still used a phantom cover to protect his body from the harmful air in the outside world and quietly absorbed the light elements in the air.This world is not a good place for Long Haochen, because the element of light here is really poor. Not even one percent of the continent. Must be filtered from the magic elements in the air to extract a little bit.Long Haochen took out two bottles of medicine from her arms, one bottle of which was each one that could boost 200 spiritual powers. Long Haochen named it Huilingdan and the other bottle was able to instantly stimulate The potential to improve overall combat effectiveness by 2% for 30 seconds. After the use of weakness twelve hours of explosive spirit Dan.In this place where it cannot absorb more light, the effect of the two bottles of immortality can be imagined. Quietly standing at the entrance of the cave, Long Haochen carefully felt everything around him and constantly observed the surroundings.At this moment, suddenly, there was a wave of spiritual power fluctuations in the cave, and there was a strange spiritual power swing.A layer of violet halo spread out in the next moment, not only spread out from the hole, but also through the surrounding rocks into the air outside.Haoyue is breaking through. Long Haochen had a tight heart and had just told him that once he had completed the final breakthrough, the breath emitted from his body would probably lead to a powerful World of Warcraft. It is the most dangerous at this time.With the appearance of this purple air flow, Long Haochen suddenly felt surprised and felt a faint burning sensation in his own body. He looked down and the blood vessels under his skin turned into a faint purple. The powerful sense of power continues to grow in the body, and the power of the body continues to increase. At this time, Long Haochen only feels that his external spiritual power is rising with the blowout. Between the gestures, it seems that all have become more powerful.The evolution of Haoyue also promoted my external spiritual power?Long Haochen just thought a little to understand what was going on. There is no doubt that this increase comes from the blood agreement. He and his wife have blood in each other, and together with the role of the contract, the real blood is connected. Therefore, when Long Hao's morning is upgraded, Haoyue will be able to sense some benefits. On the contrary, when Haoyue evolves, Long Haochen will also receive some improvement from him.It seems that the stone ball that the moon had abnormally longed for was used to evolve the body.At the time of Long Haochen’s thinking, suddenly, he obviously felt that various magical elements in the air became extremely violent, especially the dark elements, like the Galaxy, falling wildly towards the cave behind him. Infuse to go. No matter how arrogant the spiritual element, there seems to be only one goal at this moment. That is the cave behind him.Long Haochen even vaguely saw that during the feast of heaven, a swirl of dark clouds began to appear as a result of the cavern's absorption, and all the spiritual elements around it were absorbed by the sea.With such a big movement, it is no wonder that Haoyue is worried that World of Warcraft will attack.Long Haochen looked more alertly around him. He did not find that on his forehead, the contract rune reappeared.There are nine purple lines in this rune. In the original nine-striped road, the first two were particularly bright. At this time, the third rune began to brighten up.When the professional's repair is a breakthrough to the third stage, and then think of advanced, what is needed is internal spiritual power. No matter how spiritual power is promoted, it will not affect the advancement of the profession. That is to say. Even if your external spiritual power reaches two thousand, if the inner spiritual power does not reach two thousand, it is equally impossible to step into the fifth.Long Haochen only felt that the warm feeling that made him full of strength in Stan Chak was strengthened, but he did not know how much his external spiritual power had reached. Inside the chest, the vortex of golden liquid that surrounds the Holy Spirit is not changed at all. This is the liquid spiritual power that he managed to cultivate. He is also a symbol of his entering the fifth-order.After entering the fifth rank, Long Haochen obviously found that the speed of his cultivation as a promotion was greatly reduced. Well, if you want to raise a little more spiritual power, it will take at least ten times the previous time. After one day of hard work, it will be the limit to increase the spiritual power of two or three points.The knight, he knows where he is, and if he can speak out at this speed of cultivation, he can absolutely scare countless people. After completing the breakthrough in the fifth grade, how can cultivation every day improve spiritual power? If all professionals have such abilities, then they only need to continue practicing, and sooner or later they can break through to the sixth level.With the improvement of strength, the benefits of the bright son of Long Haochen began to become more and more obvious. Only he himself was not aware of it.The fifth-order seems to say that it is a threshold for becoming a strong man. However, if you really want to enter this door, you must break through the sixth-order. Because only when it reaches the sixth-order occupation, can we really use the liquid spirit to open up the spirits and increase the speed of spiritual cultivation.With a loud roar, Long Hao's tight nerves tightened again and he looked down at the mountain.When he saw the situation under the mountain, he suddenly sucked a cold air. He saw the embarrassment, the large area, the large area, and he was rushing toward the mountain. The loud roar that had just occurred was the one who had accidentally knocked out a big stone hut and sent it down.These ignorants cannot see the quantity at all, and they are almost blind to the margin. Whole body black, high and low, different sizes. But they are all human figures. They climbed up quickly and the target was clearly the cave behind Long Haochen.Taking a deep breath, Long Haochen retreated half a step slightly to allow his body to sink into the hole. In this way, he wouldn't need to face enemies in several directions at the same time.Without thinking about the timing of the arrival of the great sheep, what he can do now is to do everything in his power to resist these evils and to obtain sufficient time for Haoyue.Inside the cave. At this time, Haoyue's body was shaking violently, and the scales on her body had completely cracked. Before Long Haochen applied the holy mask on it, the effect disappeared.However, whether it was a small light or a small fire, they all clenched their teeth and refused to make a scream. Because they are afraid of their cries affecting Long Haochen.The bulge on the neck has grown as long as the neck of a small light and a small fire. The bluish light continues to shine on it. Although the entire body of Haoyue is only a bloody, but a purple light pattern slowly emerged in it.From the outside world, a large number of spiritual elements are infuriatingly injected into its inner body. The whole body also continuously emits a series of squeaky squeaks of bone fractures, as well as the sound of dental friction. The extremely unstable spiritual element raged wildly on it. A glimpse of the atmosphere of terror that the ancient prehistoric remnants had to do was quiet, and the eyes of Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo turned purple again. They were cold and ruthless, full of monster purple. The bloody body is also constantly expanding.砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一.It was close to them, and Long Haochen felt the terribleness of these black skeletons even more. Although they had only bones, this skeleton was hardened, and their strength was huge. The eyes of the skull were , braving the dark red flame.Really fighting with them, Long Haochen found out that the black color of these skeletons is not the original color of their bones, but cast a dark layer of spiritual power. With a disgusting hurricane, he constantly attacked him.Long Haochen was fortunate at this time for his own bright attributes. Although these black skeletons were extremely hard, they were obviously very dreaded when the bright scent of light swords and shields of light in his hands fell on them. Once Long Haochen's attack fell on them, he would immediately take a white smoke. Obviously, the properties of light have a great deal of use for these skeletons.Alas, the light swords were released, and the three heads were successively turned over by the dragons, and they were temporarily stopped. After the inner spiritual power is raised to the liquid spiritual power, the use of any skill power is significantly enhanced.Slightly wheezing, Long Haochen quickly swallowed a back to the panacea. His spiritual power consumption is not very great, but in the face of the immediate situation, how dare he allow his spiritual power to consume it to a certain extent and then supplement it? Always be in the best condition is the best choice.In the face of the vast army, he seldom uses his skills and saves his spiritual power as much as possible. This is not a one-on-one battle, nor is it a game. It is true life and death. If you are careless, you must always be forever. Stayed here.One of the crickets continued to smash in front of him. Although Long Yuchen had a great deal of patience, but the vast army was infinite, he could not see the dawn of hope.However, in this battle, Long Haochen gradually discovered the benefits of guarding the knight. The retribution knight's attack and eruption are undoubtedly much stronger than the guardian knight. It must be said that the ability to continue fighting is obviously far less than a guardian knight.After the guardian knights' several gain abilities are applied to them, Long Haochen will spend a little mental power for almost every time he kills a puppet. Moreover, what he is trying to do now is not to squash all these big forces. It is impossible to accomplish. He only needs to get enough time for Haoyue.The biggest flaw of these black skulls is that they are stupid. They have no wisdom or skills, but they are constantly on the move. In this case, Long Haochen used the terrain and Huiling Dan, but also persist for a long time.In the finals, the next morning was hard to come by. It was time to return. For the sake of the evolution of the moon, let's throw out your valuable monthly ticket. Did you read this great chapter today? So, let's put our monthly ticket on top! For monthly tickets, recommended votes. During the double period, this is not difficult!