Chapter 34 Three Months (I)Among the dragon's eyes, the blue gleam of naruto shines. The breath of tyrannical power is enough to compare with the 9th-order powerhouse on the continent. And just on the back of the bone dragon, there was a man in full darkness. This person has two meters and five feet in height. He is quietly sitting on the neck and back of the bone dragon. In his right hand, he holds a eloping sword whose length exceeds his height. The epee shines a dazzling dark purple light.The vast gray sky suddenly torn, a shadowy figure turned out, his body enveloped in a large black cloak, can only vaguely see, two scarlet flames beat in the hood."Yes, we are all late. I have been the first time to get the little corpse's news, and it is still late." He was the master of the sharp voice."A year ago, when we discovered Austin Griffin, it was only just a reincarnation. In order to avoid our pursuit, it would be very weak after using talent, and the speed of evolution would be greatly reduced. However, only In such a short period of time, how could it have already created its third head? At this rate, I am afraid that it will not be more than a hundred years and the original scourge will come again. The Nemesis Knight, have you found a solution to it?"The necromancer knight said coldly: "As a Lich King, you can't look at it from the plane. How can I do it. Austin Griffin has gone to another plane. But every time it evolves We must return to the space where it was born. We can only wait for the next opportunity."The Lich King said coldly: “What are some other people doing? Do they think that this time Austin Griffin will be easily destroyed by us like the first six reincarnations? It has grown its third head, It's getting harder and harder to deal with. We have to hold a meeting of the dead monarchs and unite to think of ways.""Okay. In this case, I'm in the same position with you. Austin Griffin has been forced to break through the column of seals and caused the land to rupture. After the sky collapsed, its body died. With the strength of the Scourge level." It can only be reborn nine times at the most, as long as we destroy it and insist on the time of two thousand years, it will never be able to come to the world.At that time, maybe we can open the way to other planes. Leave this place full of destruction and loneliness forever."The Lich King was surprised and said: "I did not expect that the coldest you are afraid of loneliness.""Don't you be afraid?" The Necromancer Knight grunted, and the huge bone dragon suddenly turned away. The rich black spewed out from the bone dragon. The next moment, he disappeared.The Lich King glanced coldly at the cave where Haoyue was before. The next moment, a huge purple bubble appeared there, and suddenly the entire mountain melted away. The Lich King's body also disappeared with the gray in the air.The down-to-earth feeling made Long Haochen startled and subconsciously looked at himself. He found that the purple under the skin had disappeared and disappeared into the body. However, the negative effects brought about by the imperialism seem to have disappeared, and they have not been consumed in twelve hours.The surrounding purple lightly faded, and Long Haochen was surprised to discover that the surroundings were dark and it seemed to be familiar. here is?"Ah, morning." A cry of surprise sounded. Immediately afterwards, Long Haochen saw two familiar figures.Under the support of Li Xin, “笃, 笃, 笃” she and Claire walked quickly from the side not far.Long Haochen reacted and returned to the holy city. When he looked down, he suddenly saw a big guy lying under him. Some vigilant look to Caier.Long Haochen was a bit sluggish.This can be considered a big guy at his feet. Strong and powerful limbs, more than four meters in length, are more stout than the original moon. If the original Haoyue is like a big lizard, then now it is like a giant crocodile. And there are three heads.Yes, it is three heads. In addition to the small light and the small fire, Long Haochen saw that the eyes of the third head were blue. However, like Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo, its eyes are full of intimacy with Long Haochen. When I saw Long Haochen looking at them, the three big heads immediately joined up and squatted on Long Haochen's body."Yue Yue, it's okay. Caier is my friend." Long Haochen could not attend the changes of Haoyue carefully and he quickly took the first two steps and looked forward to picking children."I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm out of contract." He didn't find any objective reason for himself. It was already so late. It was clear that Caier and Li Xin had been waiting here for him to come back!Long Haochen only felt that his heart was warm and warm, and his eyes were even warm, and this feeling of being cared for was undoubtedly his greatest desire.Caier didn't blame him. He raised his hand subconsciously and held Lungyin's hand. A gentle spiritual power was drawn into him.Long Haochen did not take precautions against Caier, while the other hand held down the bulk of the lunar exploration.Caier whispered: "Fortunately, you are not injured. But how did Lingli consume so much, are you okay?" She couldn't see the face of Long Haochen at this time, but from the exploration of his body and his breathing, It can also be judged that he is not a big deal and is only a little bit minor.Long Hao Chen said: "I'm fine. Haoyue is a little dangerous. I'll help it, picky, I..."Caier shook his head gently. "It's okay. I didn't blame you. I can come back safely." In her view, the Warcraft guild is nothing more than a mountain in which one encounters the enemy. Only. Did not think too much.Instead, Li Xin wondered side by side: "In the morning, is this a bright moon? How did it become so big, hey, there is still more head. Amazing!"Long Haochen compared her with a squeaky gesture and lowered her voice: "The bright moon is likely to evolve. Let's go. It's already so late. Let's go back and say it."Long Haochen returned safely and Caier was relieved. Li Xin and Long Hao Chen sent her back to her residence before returning to her own residence with the bright moon.The bedroom was not large, and the full moon grew twice as long as the body crawled in. It suddenly appeared to be a bit small here, but it said nothing would go out to sleep, and the three big heads were just entangled in the dragon's morning, his eyes full of gratitude. And kind. It's like a child is close to his father."Okay, okay. You're in danger. I'm not very good to help you? You don't have to be embarrassed." Long Hao Chen stroking the three heads of Haoyue, also a look of a smile.Despite facing a battle between the corpse and the valiant army, he still feels a quick heartbeat until now, but he does not regret it at all. He is a guardian knight. Haoyue is his relative. He naturally has to protect him.Long Haochen also had time to carefully observe the changes in the evolution of Haoyue.It can be said that the evolution of Haoyue is all-round. The body is twice as long and it has grown thicker. Standing straight up has almost reached a height of one-meter-five meters. The thick and powerful limbs, sharp claws, and three large heads rise up, quite a bit of prestige.The scales on the body have also undergone some changes. Each scale has been presented as an ellipse but with a diamond-shaped bulge above it, which is thick and solid. The whole body is black, but under the circumstance of the external light, a deep layer of deep purple will appear. The volume of the convex bones on the back also greatly increased, and it seems to have increased with its increase in body size.The three big heads of Changyue have the most obvious changes. The heads are angular, and there are several bulges in the middle and the rear of both sides. They are like connected horns, but the bulges are not obvious. But their eyes have also become larger, and their mouths have become sharper from the original round shape. The most important thing is that the head has become bigger.Because of the connection of blood bonds, Long Haochen can clearly feel that the bright moon has become stronger and stronger than before. If it is a frontal confrontation, I am afraid that you may not be able to win it. This is clearly a symbol of six levels of Warcraft!Is this evolution too horrible? It is less than a year since Long Yuchen signed a contract with Haoyue. The first time it evolved was apparently because of the blood of Long Haochen, but the second evolution was done by itself. It should be related to eating that stone ball.This is not the key, and the key point is that every time the Haoyue evolves, its strength will greatly increase. When it became two heads, it changed from two-dimensional Warcraft to four, and it became three heads at this time, and it suddenly changed from four to six. Long Haochen had never heard of Warcraft, whether it was from his father or from a teacher, who had evolved at such a rapid rate.Moreover, Long Hao-chen suddenly found that it was at the root of Haoyue's neck, and in the newly drilled side of the neck with blue eyes, there was still a bulge. On the other side, there is also a bulge on the side of the small fire. In other words, after this evolution, it has one more bulge on each side of its neck. Is it said that it can grow two heads? If that is the case, it will evolve into what level of existence?For Haoyue, Long Haochen is now getting more and more curious.Haoyue felt the idea of ​​Long Haochen. Three heads looked at him. Xiaoguang first picked up and straightened out his big tongue and dipped in his face, washing his face to Long Haochen.“Haha, don't marry me, itchy!” The small fire and the newcomer’s head immediately joined them, and the three big heads and Long Haochen laughed.