Chapter 33 The evolution of the moon, the third head (below)The quiet green Mimau rushed out of the body of the corpse and tried to use the erosive power of the dead to cut off the strange energy that stalked him. Unfortunately, his hope was shattered. The seemingly gentle milky energy did not even respond to half of its dead magic.The king's black bone knife once again squatted on the ground, this time, it was almost close to the dragon's morning, the dragon's morning on the golden armor burst on the last layer of pale golden light, the entire back of the armor on the It has been completely taken away.However, the white light that brought the corpse over was sent from Long Xichen's chest. It was because of it that he paused for a moment before he was nearly chopped.When the corpse looked at the dragon's morning again, what half of his anxiety, fear and anger were there on his face? Some are only extremely calm, calm and strong intention to kill.not good. The intense fear instantly hits the heart. "But at this time it cannot change everything.Two rich golden lights broke out from Long Haochen almost in no time. The third holy mask of the Emerald Bracers, plus the Ascension Array released by the Fire Sword inserted into the ground, forcibly obstructed an attack by the King. The strong and bright property even made the king squat.And Long Suichen's right hand has never been used to attack the light sword finally shot.Desperate and punish Knight's fifth-order skills.Holy Sword" disciplinary Knight's fifth-order skills.The Holy Sword was already prepared. The desperate attempt was made after Long Hao's morning break broke through the fifth order and broke through the seal of the inheritance ring. The light sword turned into a brilliant white light and went straight to the mortuary."No," the raging roar of the corpse was severe and a strong dark green light burst out of its body, trying to resist the glory of the Holy Sword.However, the sacred light attribute is too powerful for restraint of undead creatures. Long Haochen's long-serving Holy Sword, and the Holy Sword that erupted after the intensification of the imposing dan, was it so easy to do it?If the distance between the two sides is 25 meters away, the sword of Long Haochen may not be enough to bring the deadly wound to the morgue. However, they are now less than 10 meters away. The speed of the sacred sword is too fast. "At the very least, it did not give the corpse a powerful defensive ability.The Holy Sword instantaneously runs through the dark green barrier, and the desperate sword doubles the power of the Sword. This sword has already had a powerful attack power of the knight's level.The holy white light enters through the chest, and the dead corpse in the air is like a stagnation.At this time, Long Haochen had already tried his best to use the desperate throw of the sword, his body was already soft on the ground.The king's black bone knives are like the kiss of death. They descend from the sky and see Longyin morning will be cut off.The king's body suddenly became stiff, and when the bone knife was several meters away from the dragon's morning, its large body instantly collapsed into countless dry bones that fell from heaven, and many of them fell on Long Haochen's body.The ones who rushed into the caves, one by one, had also completely froze and collapsed one by one and turned into boneless ones.A faint smile emerged from the corner of Long Haochen's mouth. "The armor in front of him hasn't been completely shattered. Those bones that fell from the sky hurt him, but they didn't really hurt him.Successful. Long Hao Wu Hao's fists were slammed, although his physical condition was very poor at this time. He was very weak. The after-effects of the explosive spirit began to appear gradually, but the spirit was quite excited."The undead creature," Long Haochen is not familiar with, but not much understanding. However, different from ordinary people's spiritual power has made him far more than ordinary people's observation ability.Whether it is a corpse witch or a king, their true strength is on Long Hao morning, and any dragon can not resist.However, weak strength does not mean that you cannot win. "It was just a classic example of a weak, strong victory."When that corpse appeared, Long Haochen felt like he was afraid of his own bright attributes. Otherwise, he only needs to kill himself directly on the line, but also how much is it? And when the corpse witch summoned the king, he also let Long Yuchen see the characteristics of some undead creatures. There is no doubt that these undead forces are obviously summoned by this corpse. Otherwise, he can't turn it into a powerful king.This information does not seem to be of any use, but for Long Haochen who is good at thinking, he shows him a path to survival. That is, as long as the corpse is killed, all summoned creatures will end.The first is to show weakness. When he resisted the attack of King Yao for the first time, although he used God to parry, he did not pull his side shield. One is to try the attacking power of King Wen. The other is to paralyze the corpse. The fact proves that the King is even more powerful than he imagined. It directly hurt him. But Long Haochen did not regret it, at least. He stopped, and if he couldn’t resist the king's first strike, his plan wouldn’t have to go on because there would be no chanceAfterwards, he had been scampering and maneuvering, and he had not dared to fight against the king's attack. In fact, he had been approaching the direction of the mortuary on the mountainside.The evolution of the Holy Spirit is comprehensive. First of all, the 25m that originally attracted the attack became 50m. It only attracted one target and became noticeable to attract two targets. More importantly, after the evolution of the Holy Spirit, one more skill was added. That is traction.Attracting attracts the enemy's attention, and traction pulls it.The power of the traction of the Holy Spirit Stove is the same as that of Long Haochen’s own full-strength pull. This skill is still unable to attack and defend. But it is extremely practical. It's equivalent to an invisible rope cover on Long Haochen's body and she can pull anything at any time.The traction distance is 25 meters and can only target one goal.The corpse was flying in the air and Long Haochen had been trying to approach it. It was because of the cleverness of the Holy Spirit. The power of the Holy Sword he had saved in his right hand has not been used.In the end, the corpse's carelessness and his contempt for Long Haochen buried its life. Compared with the human world where I was defrauding, this mortuary was a simple point. Long Yinchen's Holy Spirit invented the battlefield. The most important yards.In the eyes of corps witches, the frequency of the beating of the wildfires has been significantly reduced, and even more, they are debilitating at an extremely fast rate. It took a look at the lightsaber at his chest and looked at the dragon's morning that fell on the ground. Suddenly, a scream was heard in the mouth. Just like it is impossible to accept this fact.“No.......... The column of seals is no longer there. Didn’t Austin really have to come again after six resurrections? The masters of the undead world, how have you not yet arrived? Destroy it, destroy the house, Days...",Along with his hoarse cries, the light on the lightsaber has spread all over the body, and a crack with a white light flashes instantly and finally condenses together, bringing a bright light to the dark world.Long Haochen lay on the ground, sighing heavily, and a strong sense of weakness continued to plunge into the brain. Although he did not use the sacrificial skills, the side effects were so strong that he had raised him by 2%. Ten fighting power "At this time, the backlash is not light.The corpse witch and his army have fallen, but now it is obviously not safe. Long Haochen struggling to eat the next one back to the panacea, trying to restore some spiritual power.At this moment, a low, deep and loud quail suddenly rang, followed by another bang. When the third voice was heard, the voice was obviously weak. However, that majesty is not weaker than the front two.Hearing this cry, Long Haochen was not shocked and anti-satisfied, because the sound came from the cave.A stock of warm heat gushed out of the body, and Long Haochen felt that his weak body immediately had strength. When he looked down, he was surprised to find that there was a purple line shining on his body. It is his own meridians. Whether it is the main menstrual or those delicate blood vessels, all of them emit a purple glow. A strong sense of power is constantly emerging. "The continuous enhancement of physical strength is in stark contrast to the weakness of his own spiritual power.It was a buzzing sound, this time, but it was more than three louder than before. A figure emerged from the cave like a bolt of lightning. It wasn't until Long Haochen saw it clearly that it had arrived before Long Haochen. Jin Guang flashed, and the soft light elements fell on Long Haochen's body, and immediately afterwards, Long Haochen felt that her body was light and a fiery feeling was rising from her forehead. Everything around her became a strange purple color. His brain is once again in a void.In the world of darkness and fire, the purple light shines, the space instantaneously opens and closes, the light flashes, and the purple light is gone.Almost in the next second, an extremely cold voice suddenly sounded, "Osset Gerry..."The voice was extremely sharp. When it appeared in the sky, the original black of the sky turned into a pale gray instantly. On the ground, the magma that was flowing was instantly dried up, and the originally hot air suddenly became cold."We're late." Another deep voice sounded loudly, large swathes of black shadow appeared in the distance, a huge figure appeared quietly in the back of these shadows, and the huge figure turned out to be more than three in length. Ten meters of huge bone dragon.The skeleton of the bone dragon is presented as a strange blue and white, the body bones are white, but there is a layer of Yingying blue outside, a strong skeleton, huge wings, and a film of things. Around the bone dragon's body, the viscous darkness is like a dark cloud, and it turns into a dark halo slowly spreading outward.