Chapter 31 The start of the final (middle)“People have arrived and the grouping ceremony is now underway. The numbers of all the contestants are still numbered in the preliminary round. The finals estimate that your teachers have told you about them and the old man will not repeat them. Now the lottery starts. Every ten people. After the end, you go straight to the trial court and do the first round."In his speech, a huge crystal ball slowly rose from under the platform. The crystal ball is one meter in diameter and hollow. There are sixty orange balls in it. Each of them appears to have a character.There are six hollow crystal columns around the crystal ball, with one, two, three, four, five, and six markings on the top.Did not see how the old man acted, six orange balls in the crystal ball suddenly violently beat up, followed by a small ball began to throw away from the six crystal holes around the big crystal ball almost unreadable Out, just fall in the six crystal columns.Obviously because of the distance, they couldn't see the handwriting on the ball. The participants who could sit in the Chamber of Labor, in addition to adopting children, all stared at the crystal columns and tried to find their own numbers.Soon, all sixty balls entered the crystal column, exactly ten in each crystal column.The old man on stage said lightly: “This seat is the main hall of the warrior temple, and I am crazy about the director of the mad battle. This draw is supervised by the main hall of the main hall of the second floor. If there is no problem, this seat will begin to read the draw. The result is."On the second floor, the soft sound of the weak water sounded. "All things are normal. Please read it."After I took a smirk and smiled slightly to the second floor, I walked up to a crystal column and did not see him moving. The ten orange balls jumped out, and they actually lined up in a row. In front of him."The first group of the finals, the venue of the trials of the Knights of the Knights of the Holy League, the first group of the list is as follows, the first knight, the second soldier, the sixty-seventh soldier, ..."At the time of hearing Cavalier No.1, Long Haochen looked at Yang Wenzhao. Obviously, this was a group where Yang Wenzhao was. He was very much looking forward to being able to appear in this group of names too. Unfortunately, things were counterproductive and his name did not appear in this group."The first group of contestants finished reading, please stand up and the staff will take you to the venue to start the first round of the round robin."Yang Wenzhao and others slowly got up and walked under the leadership of the staff of the Holy Alliance. Before leaving, he also specifically looked at Long Haochen and Caier this time, his eyes slightly regretted. Just like Long Haochen wanted to challenge him again, he also wanted to challenge Caier with his own efforts.“The second group of the finals, the venue of the sacred confederation's large trial magic trial, the second list is as follows: Cavaliers No. 98, Assassin No. 1, Priest No. 18, Magician No. 1,... ..."At the time of hearing the 98th, Li Xin was obviously a little nervous and excited. He looked around and whispered to Long Haochen: "My brother, who are you calling this assassin number one? Fifth-order assassin! I Can you have a chance?” At the same time, she still married Lin Xin, and Magic No. 1 was not him.Long Haochen shook his head and said: "Sister, you must do it. Come on."The child is still cold when she adopts it. In addition to facing Long Haochen alone, she usually does so.When I was mad to announce the second group to follow the staff to the magical test field, Li Xin hurried to stand up, and Long Haochen stood up on the other side but not only Lin Xin, Caier also stood up."I'll go first." Caier said softly to Long Haochen."Ah?" Long Haochen remembered clearly that in this group, there seemed to be only one assassin who read the assassin number one.The child's voice was heard again in his ear. "Carefully, don't hurt anymore. After the game, I'm still there waiting for you.""Wow, Sister, you're the first assassin, come on, I'll take you away." Li Xin was outgoing and enthusiastic. Caier paused a little, but when she thought she was Long Haochen's sister, she followed her.Lin Xin rubbed his forehead and smiled: “It's really a headache! It seems that luck is not always on my side.” The overall strength of the second group is much stronger than that of the first group. His The news is better than other contestants. The assassin number one was actually the little blind woman who was just around. This was what he did not expect. The assassin's temple is said to be the only fifth-order, once challenging the other eleven opponents in one round, and finally nobody Dare to collide with her. How strong is this? There is also the Priest Temple on the 18th, which is the first game of the Priest's Temple! When Lin Xin was depressed, Long Haochen also saw that the shiny bald head in front of him stood up. The burly figure didn't look like a priest, and he stepped out following the staff.Most of the contestants' attitudes at this time are somewhat gloating. There is no doubt that this second group is simply a group of death. Assassin No.1 and Magic No.1, both of the six temples are in this group, and the others are not weak.The most exciting thing is the assassins of the temple. None of them have been caught in a group with the children. It's strange to feel bad."The third group of the finals, the venue of the trials of the soldiers. The list is as follows: Summon No. 1, Magic No. 2, Cavalier No. 97, Warrior No. 23, Assassin No. 13 and Assassin XVI. No. 18, Assassin No. 18, Assassin No. 24, ..."Of this group of ten people, there are actually four assassins, and it sounds like this group is not weak. The number one person of the mysterious soul Temple will play in this group, as well as the number two figure of the Magic Temple.When the four assassins stood up and followed the staff away, some of them were fortunate but their faces suddenly became difficult to look.Yes, they did not pick a group, but who did they see? Isn't that who was sitting with No. 1 Big Sister just now?Although the Knights Templar and the Assassin Temple have blocked the news, these assassins who can enter the top ten are all young generation elites. They vaguely knew that the sudden tension between the two major temples in the previous days was due to the assassination of a contestant in the Knights Templar by the Big No. 1 sister, and it turned out to be another knight's temple contestant.There is no doubt that this is the 97th Cavalier.Looking at the face of Long Haochen who was even handsome enough to describe it with a stunning appearance, several assassins also decided that he had guessed. Sadness in the heart, if they win the 97th knight, even hurt him, will it not be...Long Haochen naturally did not know what the assassins were thinking, and followed the staff members outwards while observing the contestants in this group.The two girls who were most noticeable were the petite ones who seemed to be a bit smaller than themselves, a soft and weak look, curiously looking at other contestants in this group, and occasionally on their faces. It will also show a bit of shyness. She is wearing a blue robe that looks strange.Another girl has to be taller and taller, at least more than seven meters tall. The black horsetail looks neat and tidy, looks like a picture, and looks gentle and pleasant. However, behind her is a giant shield that is even taller than her. Because the length of the shield is greater than her height, she can only carry this shield laterally.In addition to the top of the huge shield, the curves that are drawn down on both sides are all sharp. The two curves finally meet together to form a sharp tip. It looks like the whole shield is like a giant blade. general.I'm afraid there is a foot or so in the thickest shield? There are nine fist-sized holes on the front, and the inside is empty. Do not know what to do.How heavy should this shield be? The knight like Lian Longchenchen looked a little guilty, but it was as light as nothing.The government of the Holy Alliance was not far from the sacred trial grounds, and soon they came to the fighter battlefield.After the draw was completed, the order of the games was determined. The group match will take nine days. Each day will be five matches. The ten participating players will have to fight with each other. The final ranking is based on the number of wins. The first two appear, and the third place has a high enough number of wins. There are also opportunities for qualifying.Because it is a round robin, lottery is not very important. After a simple draw is completed, the first game of the finals begins.The finals of the Hunting Devil Challenge are even more deserted than in the preliminaries, and there are fewer people watching the rostrum. Only six people. However, what the contestants did not know was that the six individuals came from the six major temples and were responsible for overseeing the progress of the game to ensure the fairness of the game.Before the game officially began, Long Yuchen and ten other people had more names in their hands. There were no numbers on them. Some were just their names, and Long Yuchen's first opponent was a member of the assassins' temple. Starry name. It sounds feminine, but it is actually a skinny young man who looks very wretched."The first game, Long Haochen was on Stars. Playing in the game." All referees in the finals stage are seven-step strong players. Today, from the point of view of clothing, it is the Seventh Order Warrior of the Temple of the Warriors.Left shield and right sword, Long Haochen walked slowly into the venue. The largest number of them was the assassins of the temple. There were four people in the group, two pastors in the temple, and only one in the other four temples. Compared to the second group, Long Haochen felt that his luck was still good, and the top two players had a good chance.