Chapter 37: Shield of the Great Spirit (Part I)Long Haochen wanted this effect, left-footed land, and leaped into the sky. In a series of gold-iron sympathies, the next moment of the Lightning Sword completing the Lightning Thorn, Yaoyue was shining again. The thunder's boom was above the heavy shield, and his body was raised to the top of Wang Yuanyuan's head.not good. Wang Yuanyuan has also reacted at this time. Her heavy shield is best suited for medium and short distance attacks, but it is not suitable for closeness. She is not good at defense, and she is so close to the dragon, it is obviously destroying the rhythm.Long Yichen’s Yiu Yi Sun was heavy and powerful. Forcing her, she had to take a step back. At this time, Long Yuchen’s battle to destroy the rounding sword already broke out.Originally able to stand out from many fighters, Wang Yuanyuan is more skilled than this. This girl flashed a wild flash in her eyes. At this time, she did not take advantage of her own giant shield weapon to passively defend the shield, and the shield suddenly rose upwards. For the two hand-held shields, the feet and the toes, the whole person is spinning like a giant gyro. The strong silver light also flashed her giant shield in an instant.The silver light was rippling, and Long Haochen was surprised to find that his own fighting round-edged sword fell on the giant shield that was rapidly spinning and exudes a strong silver light. The attack was always slid open, and it was not only impossible to fight and kill the Xuanyuanjian. All of the powers can be played, and they can't even use their full power. Makes his secretive skills greatly reduced. And that giant shield was rock solid, not moving at all, and there was no sign of half being destroyed.A trace of admiration appeared in the heart of Long Hao Wu. Although this shield is a little bigger, the quality is really good!This scene in front of me is absolutely beautiful. Two people, Long Haochen and Wang Yuanyuan, one is strung in the air and strangled horizontally, and one is standing upright and resisting rotation on the ground. Gold and silver spiritual power broke out in a frenzy and rolled over each other. The powerful explosiveness makes the referees have to be close to the past, ready to intervene in order to avoid who among the two are really hurt.In the process of rotating Long Haochen, he continued to burst out with a layer of halos. In the situation where he used to fight and kill the spiral sword, he even released a series of beliefs and aura, which made his attacking power continue to increase. . How much spiritual power can this be done?Wang Yuanyuan completely resisted the attack of Long Haochen and her shield was not damaged by half. But the continued oppression caused her spinning feet to sink into the ground, as if a gyro had gradually drilled into the ground.Wang Yuanyuan suddenly broke out with a harsh scream, and a huge silver light beam with a diameter of more than one meter suddenly blew up on his rapidly rotating shield.Long Haochen was caught off guard, and the smashing of the round sword suddenly struck a sensation as the whole friend was attacked.In that silver column of light, it contained an extremely powerful tearing force. Fortunately, there was an angel blessing him on this assistive bodyguard. Plus, a quick release of a halo mask slightly resisted this, and it was not really hurt.Hey, down-to-earth, Long Haochen pulled back four or five steps in a row and managed to stand firm.On the other side, Wang Yuanyuan also just jumped out of the earth pit she had drilled.Cracking air cannons, powerful space attributes warrior cheats. Has a momentary explosive force. Only in the extremely passive situation, Wang Yuanyuan failed to fully display the full power of this attack. Even so, she also broke the Dragon Slug's battle to kill the round sword with the help of this blow and the shield.However, at this time, Wang Yuanyuan's situation did not look very good, and the vigorous and charming Qiaolian was obviously pale, and the sighs caused the newly developed small breasts to fluctuate. The continuous use of two of her most powerful skills is equally huge for her spiritual power consumption.In terms of consumption, Long Haochen, who has a bright physique, is much better than her. Since he still maintains the blessing of an angel, he can make a clear judgment."You are a disciplinary Knight?" Wang Yuanyuan looked puzzled and looked at Long Haochen.Long Haochen shook his head slightly and said: "I will have some guardian and disciplinary skills."Wang Yuanyuan gasped and said: "It seems that I'm not really playing against your normal opponent. However, I will not admit defeat here. I will use all my strength, and you will also summon your mount. Your waste equipment is I couldn't contend with the shield of my giant spirit." She knew her family and she didn't seem to suffer. However, just after this series of collisions, her spiritual power consumption was already more than half. It seems that it has not been consumed at all. The place where he fights the most swordsmanship is to use his power and his own consumption. However, both of their own two attacking skills require a lot of spiritual power.At the same time, she said, she turned her left hand and suddenly had a huge gem. The intense silver light of space spirit rendered her hand holding the gemstone a brilliant silver, and he did not hesitate to directly gem it. Into the first of the nine holes in the shield.Then she quickly took out two gems and stuffed them into the second and third holes in the shield.The jewels look the same, the whole body is presented with a touch of golden color, but it is not the kind of gold with bright attributes, but red gold with a red glow.When the first stone was set on it, the giant shield began to exude an endless majesty and arrogance. The majestic high above is like a generational monarch, and its atmosphere is so thick and dense with countless historical glories.The six strong men in the six temples responsible for supervising the game in the distance from the main chalk stand almost all got up at the same time, and their eyes were filled with shock.Long Haochen certainly did not know what it was, but how could they not know it? The breath and the breath are clearly the splendid atmosphere of the powerful weapons and equipment retained in the glory years from 6,000 to 13,000 years ago! Judging from that breath, the current fluctuations in the shield's breath have reached the top of the brilliant equipment, and are only a step away from the legendary equipment. At this time, only three of the jewels that were originally set by Wang Yuan were on it. Will this giant shield surpass the legend to reach the level of epic equipment?Along with the mosaic of three precious stones, a strange face gradually appeared on the huge shield.That mask is very awkward. It is composed of five colors of red, yellow, white, blue, and gray under the shadow of red gold. It is from this mask that strong oppressive force is emitted. Long Haochen, who is located at the front of it, only felt that this momentum was constantly impacting his body like a tangible thing.Wang Yuanyuan took the giant shield and slowly lifted it. Suddenly, the bright golden light shines on her.Wang Yuanyuan had no hyperthyroidism on his body and was rendered with this golden light. Whether it was on clothes or on the skin, the strange luster was rippling. A nearly wild atmosphere broke out from her.Long Yuchen’s perception is far beyond ordinary people. He can clearly feel that Wang Yuanyuan, at this time, has an incredible tyrannical bursting spiritual power and may launch a fatal strike at any time.Purple light on the forehead, nine purple light pattern coiled, does not require a spell, Long Yi morning right hand forward, purple light pattern on the forehead to expand, light flash, Haoyue has appeared in front of him out of thin air.After seeing the three headlong moons, Wang Yuanyuan's eyes suddenly lighted. She knew that this was the complete state of Long Haochen. At this time, she is also the strongest state. It's not that she didn't want to set a few more stones, but because there were only three of the ancestral stones."I am the descendant of the giant spirit, this shield of the giant spirit is the blood weapon that the ancestors passed down from the glorious era. Although it is impossible to make it play a full combat effectiveness, but my shield of giant spirits is infinitely close to Legendary equipment. Be careful.” As soon as the voice fell, Wang Yuan’s right foot took a heavy toll on the ground. The crash sounded loud and loud, and the entire trial field shook violently. Her whole body was already running like a red and golden flame. Long Hao flew away.The so-called blood weapon refers to the first weapon possessed by this weapon that can be inherited by the immediate family. No matter how strong or weak such weapons are, there is little value in the market. After all, no matter how good things cannot be used, it can only be a decoration.It can be clearly seen that on the ground that Wang Yuanyuan had just walked over, a sag with a diameter of half a foot and a depth of more than one meter was left. This shows how much strength she has.In the face of the powerful pressure from the shield of the giant spirit, the moon is like nothing. The three heads rise and a roar is heard at the same time.Long Haochen communicated with his mind and his body flashed, and he fell on the back of his bright moon. Under the effect of angel blessings, Haoyue's body was covered in a faint golden light. With a right-handed fire sword, a light-edged sword swoops toward Wang Yuanyuan.The four-meter-long body of Haoyue is extremely dexterous. Xiaoqing sprays a blue air flow and floats to reduce her weight. Make a horizontal jump. With Long Hao Chen move two feet.Wang Yuanyuan’s shield of the Great Spirit’s shield emerged. When it touched the Sword of Light, a strange scene appeared. The light sword was broken in an instant and turned into a little golden light disappearing into the air. And just in the moment of contact, Long Haochen can clearly feel that the shield of the giant spirit is actually oscillating violently in an extremely narrow range at an alarming rate that is difficult to distinguish with the naked eye. The light sword is directly shattered by it.Wang Yuanyuan, who was on the tip of the toes, stalked down after the heavy moon shield.The three heads of Haoyue began to sing when the body traversed. They watched as Wang Yuanyuan attacked and arrived. The three-layered light spread out almost from the body of Haoyue at the same time. It was actually a shield of three elements.