Chapter 37: Shield of the Great Spirit (Part 2)Does he want to see my appearance? Still hug me? Or, he, he...The child's heart was chaotic, and the little hand held by Long Haochen suddenly showed sweat.Long Haochen saw her sudden change of look and he was shocked. Quickly reached out and touched her forehead.Caier is invisible, and the perception of the outside world has become blurred in the confusion of the mind. Long Haochen's palm has just touched her forehead. She flashes backwards in her subconscious mind and exclaims. ,Ah, no. "She is not ready yet!Just behind her, there was a small stone stairway, panicking back down, and suddenly she took her foot and the whole person fell backwards.Long Haochen was shocked. Although he didn't understand what was happening to Caier, he took a step forward subconsciously, grabbed her slender waist and held her delicate body.At this time, the child's shame was even red in the neck. "She can clearly feel that Long Hao's morning grasped the heat from the palm of her waist and the breath of his instant approach.As an assassin "especially since she was young, her physical perception is extremely acute, because only this way can feel any subtle dangers, but at this time she becomes shy in her heart, her body is slightly soft, and her legs are almost standing. Unsteady, one hand grasped the dragon's robe, and there was a blank in the mind.Long Haochen had some dazes at this time. At this time, the weather was not cold, and everyone did not wear much clothes. When he grabbed Caier's slender and soft waist, he felt the creamy, creamy, jade-like texture of the palm. Especially when he sensed the moving arc between the slim waist that seemed to be broken and the hips underneath the sudden uplift, a handsome face was flushed with shame.Just a few seconds, it seems to them like it has been a few centuries. Still, Caier took the lead in responding, and a very tall waist hurriedly stood up. The green bamboo stick in his hand was blocking the dragon's morning, and he shouted, “You, you...”Long Haochen's dazed road: "I'm fine, you're okay.I, I just want to say you have a meal. What's wrong with you? Is it sick? Is it fever? Your face is red..."It was a daze in the next round.It turned out that he was just... I actually wanted to smash it...Not only didn't the blush on the face fade, but it was even more subtle. Picker used a green bamboo stick to tap on Long Haochen's body and whispered: "Bad. I'm going back. Who wants to eat with you? "Speaking, she has a green bamboo stick and land. Long Haochen only saw her in a flash, and she lost sight of her.So fast! The speed of the assassin is really enviable. But what happened to Caier? Why did she call me a villain?Long Haochen stood there for a short while before returning to the hotel with a bit of a puzzle. He feels sharp and can feel that the child is not really angry with him. But she did not understand why she had gone with her. However, it was really nice to just catch her! Her waist is really comfortable. Some are not willing to wash their hands today.When Long Haochen returned to the hotel and did not wait for him to enter the room, he heard the voice of Nightingale sounded from the next room. "You are here early in the morning."How did the teacher know that I was back? Long Haochen moved in her heart and rushed to the night room to enter the room.There is not only one person in the night room, but two people in addition to him. An old man with white hair is sitting across from him, and a young man is standing behind the old man.This young man knows, is it Han Yu, whom he did not see before that day?Even though the night is sitting there, it seems very respectful. Only half of the buttocks sit in the chair. Such a teacher, Long Haochen, is still the first time she sees it. With his understanding of the teacher, "this is absolutely his emotional expression from the heart.Who is this old man? Han Yu’s elders? Because that day he wanted to be my son from the Cavaliers to find a place? Long Haochen's heart was vacant, but he didn't say anything. He quietly walked to the night and abandoned the station.Han Yu also naturally saw him, but now Han Yu's expression on his face is very calm. "There is no past arrogance.The old man sitting across the night is not exactly the Knights of the Knights of the Alliance, Han Yan Mo. When he saw Long Haochen, his eyes suddenly lightened and he smiled and said: "Night, you really cultivated a good apprentice. I also want you to convey to him what I mean. He'll be back so early, so it won't be necessary. In the early morning, can the match go well today?"When he heard his voice, Long Haochen suddenly opened his eyes and his memory was as good as his perception. Although this voice was very gentle, he immediately recognized that the voice that had brought him profound memory was Who."You and you were the paladin on the main chalk table in the preliminary game?" Long Yinchen said in a loss.Han Yan smiles and leads: "Yeah! You don't remember my voice.",Night Glory glimpsed Long Yuchen. "You haven't answered the question about the paladin's grown up."Long Haochen hurriedly respected: "I'm lucky to win today's game.","Lucky?" Han Yan looked at him with some surprises. Hey, hey, hey, hey, who can make you use it? One, move YaoLong Hao nodded his head in the morning, and he briefly described himself and Wang Yuanyuan's first battle, focusing on Wang Yuanyuan's shield of giant spirits."Epic equipment." Han Yan face a whole, his brow slightly wrinkled "" Giant Spirit God I have heard that, this vein actually has blood continued. This is a good thing for us humans. It seems that this girl will also become a target for the training of the Temple of the Warrior for some time to come. I can be sure that the blood equipment passed down by the giant spirits is at least epic level. However, I do not remember that the giant spirits of the times of glory had shields. It seems that the shield of the little girl's giant spirit should be a broken weapon. However, even if so, if she can complete the nine-hole mosaic, it will inevitably reach the epic level. The nine-hole mosaic resonance force field force casting method has now been lost. ”The paladin was absolutely well-informed, and his knowledge was not comparable to nightlife."Nice, good, you can win with this kind of equipment, and you won the knight's temple with glory." Han Yan nodded with satisfaction.“Oh, Xiao Chen, this time, I’m just coming to find you. I’m not jealous of you either. The name of the boss is Han Yan. Han Yu is my grandson, but the performance of this brat in the selection of the hunting mob "I was so disappointed that I was too sharp. The day I made him pay homage to you, and to be your squad from the knight" was not a bluff. Today I brought him. I also helped him with the procedures from the knight. From now on, for five years, he can only be your successor. His life, his everything is yours. Xiao Yu. Han Yan gave a hint to his grandson.Han Yu rushed forward a few steps, slightly covered his body and stretched out his left hand.Long Haochen was shocked to see that in Han Yu’s left palm, there was a special sign of imprint. He does not know this symbol.Han Yan said: "This is the contract from the knight. It is tentatively five years. You need to use a drop of blood to trickle into the contract. After the contract is completed, he must not violate any of your orders within five years. At the same time, you only need to use ideas. Take control of his life and death."Long Hao Chen looked at Han Yan seriously look like, could not help but said: "Paladians grow up, do not have it. I think Han Yuxiong is also a moment of time."Han Yan slowly stood up and calmly replied: "He is more than just temporary? There are a few talents in this kid, but his character is seriously flawed, arrogant, self-willed and unbearable. And you are different, in you "I saw all the glory of the Cavaliers. You do not think that he has benefited from doing your tricks from knights. Actually, he got more. He followed you, not only can you join in your hunting demon group, but also can learn a lot from you by following you. This five-year sharpening may really be able to Let him be on the right track and be an excellent knight, and that's my purpose too. So, as his grandfather, I ask you to accept him."While saying, Han Yan cross-chest right fist, actually went to Long Hao morning line c standard knight ceremony.Long Haochen was shocked and hurried back. "The paladin grows up." Don't do this, kill me, I promise. ”Evening on the side of the night has never been buzzing, Han Yan made no secret of his own Han Yu to become the dragon from the knight's purpose, bright and upright, there is no meaning to hide half, this alone, it is enough to make the heart break . What's more, "One more fifth-order guardian knight will greatly increase the safety of Long Haochen.The red blood slowly drips and falls from the Cary in the rune of the knight contract.Although these days Han Yu has completely figured out, but really to the point of becoming a formal official, he could not help but closed his eyes.Blood drips on Han Yu's palm and instantly disappears into a light layer of red light. Immediately afterwards, the red halo instantly spread out from the runes and spread to Han Yu’s body.Han Yuji Ling Ling shuddered and unconsciously opened his eyes. He did not wait for him to salute the owner's two words to Long Haochen.Suddenly, in that rune, a golden glow rippled again.Suddenly, Han Yu only felt that the entire body of 3.6 million pores opened instantly. From the inside out, it was entirely from the warmth and comfort of the origin. It was like the warmth of the body that went into the hot springs. He almost groaned. .How is this going? Not to mention the night and Long Haochen, and even Han Yan was shocked, the immediate situation, even if the knowledgeable of the Paladins are still the first time to see.Han Yu himself has some worry, but this comfort is not false, he can feel that he and Long Haochen already have a straitjacket connection, and very close, like it is Relatives are generally.