The thirty-eighth chapter talent suppression share (on)"This, this is the master knight's ability to suppress and share the magic from the knight. No. Han Yan looked at Long Haochen with a big eye, like watching a monster, and the incredible shock in his eyes had never been disguised.Taking a deep breath, Han Yu turned his gaze to his grandson. His face became dignified, and his right hand was empty to Han Hong, but for a moment, Long Yuchen saw Han Yu’s fingers become crystal clear. Golden, shining body, this is the knight's seventh-order skill.South Korea's palm tremors, five-fingered rhythm, a path filled with mysterious traces of light patterns in his palm swing. Instantly turned into a complex light pattern, directly imprinted on Han Yu's chest.Suddenly, Han Yu shook his body and spewed a golden light from his chest, slowly rising up into the air to become a golden beam of light. The light beam rises slowly.Han Yu's gaze was staring at the speed of the rising light beam, and his face became more and more excited.Nightingale and Long Haochen are somewhat puzzled. The power Han has just used, they do not know or understand what happened.After a few moments, the golden light beam finally stopped and could not climb upwards. And Han Yu’s hands were not consciously clenched into fists at this time."Really, it really is. Eighty, eighty!"Suddenly, when you look back, Han Yee's eyes on Long Haochen have become extremely bizarre. He looked up and down as if he were watching a rare treasure.Long Haochen was seen as uncomfortable by him and could not resist asking, "What happened to the paladin?"Han Hao took a deep breath and waved his right hand. A layer of golden light curtains had already covered everything in the room, including their feet. His next sentence surprised the two men and women of Nightingale and Long Yuchen.“Oh, Xiao Chen, Xiao Xiaochen, you really made me shivering. The first day of spiritual power was 97, the son of the light. I never imagined that since the dark ages of 6,000 years we have finally emerged as a bright son of the Knights Templar. Haha, hahahaha."Long Haochen and Nightingale were stunned and watched him change someone who said this, and perhaps the two men and women had already prepared to fight. But before them is the paladin of the Knights Templar. It is a super strong man who can easily destroy them with his hands. Moreover, they do not think that Han Hong will be disadvantageous to them."How did you and you know?" Long Haochen asked in a dazed tone. People have already stated specific figures, and then there is no point in disguising them. They simply ask questions.Han Yu's feelings could not be calm, and the flames of excitement in the eyes burned. “You have revealed flaws in the knight's contract. You have a close relationship between the knight and the master knight. Signing a contract requires the blood of both parties to stay in touch. So you need your A drop of blood, and in the time of completion from the knight contract, if the master knight's talent far exceeds the knight's talent, then the knight's talent will increase with the knight's talent. When the contract is over, this talent will increase. Disappeared.""The so-called far more than there is a quantity, that is, the talent I have just said to suppress sharing. And this quantity is the first day of the spiritual power difference is more than thirty. In other words, the main knight's first day of the spiritual power than the knight from the knight. In the case of a height of 30, the talents of the Cavaliers will rise with it. The degree of this improvement is a halving of the spiritual power difference between the two sides in the first day.""Koizumi's spiritual power in the first day is 63. It's also quite good. But he's now capable of reaching up to 80 in the first day of his life. That's to say, he raised his full power of seventeen points in the first day. Seventeen times That is, with thirty-four plus sixty-three, your spiritual power in the first few days will naturally come to my mind. In 1997, this was the spiritual power in the first 70 days. I really did not expect it to happen in my lifetime. The strong person who can see the bright children."Long Haochen is silly, Night is also silly and Han Yu is giggling...Nightingale murmured: "I, how could I never heard of the benefit of the Cavaliers?"Han Jun said: "There are not many knights from the knight. And there are several kinds of knights from the knight's contract. This kind of talent can be used to suppress and share. Only the runes that I developed from the ancient elves can do this. Say you haven't heard of it, not even the knights of the Knights Templar know. And, for the vast majority of people, it is useless, and the temples naturally have no need to propagate.”Nightingale's body suddenly trembled with uncontrollable trembling and asked: "The paladin grows up, but can this covenant master knight have a few?"Han Hao did not hesitate to say: “Two. Because the contract will have a certain spiritual connection, if the excess will affect the master knight's own mental power, it will be disadvantageous. So, generally we think that the main knight Up to two people can be suitable.”The sound of the dragon's head crashed down to the ground on one knee. "The paladin grows up and I ask for you. It's also a contract run for the teacher. The teacher is the real genius!"Han Yu was said by him, and he was somewhat shocked.Night Glory looked at the dragon's morning with a look of excitement. "No, this morning, this will make it impossible for you to own the Cavaliers."Long Hao stayed and shook his head slightly. "Teacher, one's own strength is the most important. I have Han Hanxiong's assistance. It's enough to help you on talent. The disciple is obliged.""Wait, wait, how can I not understand what this means to you?" Han Yu looked puzzled at the mentoring. Yan Hua sighed and said: "The paladin grows up and there is only eight points of spiritual power in the first day.""What?" Han Yan exclaimed, loud voice, and shocked Long Yuchen's mentoring ears. Fortunately, there was a divine light inside his spiritual power to stop it and spread without fear of the sound.This shocking performance of Han Fei is very much different. It is no better than knowing that Long Yao had a spiritual power as high as 97 in the first day. What does it mean to be spiritual in the first eight days? It means that you should never be able to break through two levels. However, but he not only broke, but also a landlady!At this moment, Han Yee understood why Long Haochen would say that nightlife is the real genius. Genius refers not only to talent. A person with only eight points of spiritual power before he can practice to the level of the earth knight. This dedication, persistence and wisdom, but also the genius can explain the word? Taking a deep breath, Han Fei's contempt for death is defying the night. "How do you make up for it early?"Evening smile: "Eight days before the spiritual power is not something glorious, it will only make people laugh.""Shame and laughter! Fool. You don't think about how many people on our human side have spiritual power below ten o'clock in the first few days? That's the overwhelming majority. If they all can be trained like you to become fifth-order Strong, what does that mean to us humanity?” Han Han was almost out.This evening, Nightingale was shocked. In his life, he has been struggling with heaven and earth. Outsiders' sarcasm has gradually cultivated his unsociable character. To put it bluntly, it is all self-centered and completely immersed in his own world.At this time, when he listened to Han Yu’s words, he suddenly realized that his own decades of painstaking practice had been more than helpful to himself. Although he learned that these cultivation methods are not suitable for the dragon’s monster, they are suitable. The vast majority of those who are talented enough!Han Yu raised his hand and a golden light lifted Long Haochen from the ground. “I promised you your request. Now I even want to see more than you, what kind of miracles can happen from your teacher. , put your left hand out.""Yes." The excitement of Nightingale at this time is like the first person to take a dragon in the morning. The talent that has plagued him for life has finally changed!Ten minutes later, a rune that was exactly the same as the one in Han Hong’s hand appeared in the palm of the night.Nightingale and Long Haochen did not discuss anything about the issue of the cowardice contract. They are mentoring and are like father and son. Even if the night is becoming a dragon from the knight and how? Does Long Haochen ask him to do anything? The absolute trust between mentoring and apprentices allows them to make decisions without any communication at all.Nighttime feelings are almost ten times stronger than Han. When the golden glow appeared on him, his body straightened out of breath because of excessive comfort, almost unconscious.The spiritual power gap between him and Long Haochen was as high as 89. After he was repressed and shared by his talents, his own spiritual power in the first day was raised from 8 to 52 points. Although he was still not a genius, but for In terms of nightlife, this talent upgrade is enough to change his future fate!Feel the tens of times stronger perception of the light element, feel the change of spiritual energy in the body due to the change of talent, Night Hua could not resist the tears flowing. One morning, he was crying loudly.For decades, he endured endless ridicule, endured the pain of being expelled by the teacher, and endured everything. It is an unyielding spirit that supports him step by step. At this moment, he has been plagued by him for decades. In decades, the biggest problem he has been fighting with has finally been solved. The pent-up emotions in his heart suddenly erupted like a big river burst.Looking at the night, Huan Fang burst into tears, and Han Hao stood aside and did not stop. With his lasciviousness, how could he not see the night-time emotional depression of many years? At this point let him release it is the best choice.Being transparent in the heart has great benefits for his future cultivation. Although he is already young, his way of accomplishing cultivation is boundless.