Chapter 3 Teacher from Hell? (four)After listening to the issue of Xingyu, Long Haochen could not help but be stunned. After a moment of thinking, she shook her head blankly.There was a smile on the face of Xingyu. "You are honest. You don't just answer one to perfunctor me. For this issue, not to mention you, even the high level of the Knights Temple is difficult to answer. It is precisely because of this problem. After becoming a real knight, the Knights Templar divides into two branches, namely the disciplinary knight and the guardian knight.""The retribution knight is an attack-based knight, two-handed weapon, accompanied with mounts and attack sacred techniques. The single combat capability is very strong. On the frontal battlefield, the strength exceeds that of the soldiers and assassins of the same rank.""Guardian knight, with defense as the main weapon, and one-handed weapon and one-handed shield, is the core of the team and is good at all kinds of auxiliary and healing sacred techniques. Perhaps the single combat ability is weaker than the disciplinary knight. But if it is team fighting, the guardian knight The role is much greater than the disciplinary knight."Speaking of this, Xingyu paused a bit before looking at Long Haochen and asked, "Do you think that in our knights' temple, is there more guardian knights or more disciplinary knights?"Long Haochen thought for a moment and said: "It should be more than a disciplinary knight. You said that the disciplinary knight has a stronger combat capability."Xingyu shook his head and said: "On the contrary, the number of knights and disciplinary knights in our knight's sanctuary is ten to one.""Ah? So much? Why?" Long Haochen asked in confusion.Xingyu said: "Because we are the Temple Alliance. As the head of the six temples of the Temple Alliance, we must consider not only our own personal fighting power but also our partners. Hall, because the six occupations combined to play the greatest combat effectiveness, and as the team's core knight, not only the magic and Wu, but also to offense and defense one, but also cover their partners. Therefore, the role of guardian knight than The disciplinary knight is much bigger."Long Haochen understood a little, "Teacher, then I will be a guardian knight or a disciplinary knight."Xingyu said indifferently: "Only you can make suitable choices. In this respect, I can't help you. In terms of your character, it may be more suitable to be a guardian knight, but I am a disciplinary knight. The vast majority of the people I can teach you are the skills and techniques that the Knights have.""Don't rush to answer me." Long Haochen just wanted to say something but was interrupted by Xingyu. "You have one year to think about it. After one year, tell me your answer."Walking in the wide streets of Haoyue City, Long Haochen was filled with curiosity and surprise.Great city! The wide streets are at least five feet away, and there are shops on both sides of the street. They are full of cars and cars. The sound of squeaking is one after another, and the bustling crowd is a far cry from the town of Odin.In the southeast of the Temple Alliance, Haoyue City is a medium-sized city. Even at this level of city, Long Haochen, who had lived in Oding Town since childhood, was also the first to see it.Long Haochen was very curious about Haoyue City, and people on the road were equally curious about him. A plain and simple commoner, but with a delicate porcelain-like face. One year later, Long Haochen could no longer see unhealthy colors on her face, and her body grew a lot. Although it looks like a child, it can give people a feeling of slenderness.The most surprising thing is that behind such a beautiful boy, he crossed his two long swords. That is clearly a two-handed fine iron sword, more than three feet long, three inches in width, and at least one inch thick. Although it doesn't look like it's open, the weight won't be light! It's a miniature version of the Cavaliers Epee. Is he so small that he can use such epee?These people do not know, if not for a low-key, even if the real knight epee with two handles is even higher than the Long Hao morning he can easily use.The penance of the year brought him a reborn transformation. On the 83rd day of the ant nest, he could finally block the offensive of the ant from all directions. After that, he continued to practice in the ant nest every day. Only weapons changed. From lightest bamboo swords to wooden swords, to iron swords, fine iron swords, and heavy swords, they are constantly adapting to the double swords of various weights. After he had adapted to the Cavalier Epee, he took another month to practice fine iron swords, iron swords, wooden swords, and bamboo swords from the heavy epee. Complete a complete set of reincarnation.After he completed this, the time of the year has already arrived. This time, he came to Haoyue City because Xingyu gave him two tasks, which was considered as an examination for the previous year.After entering the city, Long Haochen simply asked someone to ask him a bit, and he got the first target of his own trip. Passing through several wide streets, he saw a destination with shields and sword markings near the center of the city of Haoyue.The Zhaiyuedian Temple is far from being comparable to the Odinzi Palace. From the outside, this tall, five-story building occupies a very large area. At the entrance, there are two young knights dressed in armor."Children, who are you looking for?" When Long Haochen came to the door of the Knights Templar, the young knight on the left asked with a smile. Have to say, Long Hao Chen's beautiful little face affinity is quite enough."The two brothers are good. I'm looking for the Lord of Nalan." Long Haochen said very politely after saluting the two knights.“Look for the Lord of the House?” The two young knights looked at one another. The one who had said earlier asked, “What do you have?”Long Haochen said: "It was my teacher who asked me to find the Lord of Nalan and sent him a letter.""Then you hand it to me." The young rider on the left.Long Haochen shook his head and said: "The teacher said, let me personally give the Lord of Nalan."The young knight said in a difficult way: "I am afraid this is not possible. This is the temple of the Knights of Haoyue City. Only the people of our temple can enter."Long Haochen said anxiously: "I am also a Knight Temple! I am from Odinzi Palace."The young knight said: "It's not enough. The little brother is like this. The children of your children's houses can only come to the temple every time they pass the assessment every three years. You still send the letter to me. I will help you to transfer it to you." If the temple owner wants to see you, I can take you in."Long Haochen frowned and Xingyu tried to pass him. This letter must be handed to Nalanyi.At this moment, a clear and virtuous voice sounded, "What are you doing? Is it hard for a child?" Accompanied by the sound, a person emerged from the house of Haoyue.It was a young girl wearing a light armor. Pink long hair neatly combed into a horse's tail behind her head. Beautiful pink blue eyes were watching Long Haochen. This girl looks 18 or 9 years old. The body is graceful, with a hilt on each side of the shoulder."The Cavaliers." The two youngsters, who were just recently advanced knights, were actually respectful.The girl came to Long Haochen and looked curiously at his face and said to the two young knights: "I have heard all of you. The rules are dead, people are alive, and this little brother is also ours A member of the knight's temple, I took him to see Uncle Naran. Is he still a child can not make trouble?"