Chapter 36 Good Picks (I)No! I surrender. In Huang Yi's fright, the audience was just shocked.This scene is really too dramatic. No one thought that Huang Yi, who had already taken absolute advantage, would be turned around by Long Haochen in such a short time.From the end of the first month to the end of the game, it was only a short period of more than ten days, but the toughness of Haoyue was undoubtedly demonstrated. Although it does not use any powerful magic, but the three heads, the three attributes, the cooperation is very understanding, it is just like there are three magicians in the help of Long Haochen.Earthshake disappeared quietly and calm was restored on the ground. However, there was an action in the bright moon.All three heads and six heads are concentrated on the Earth Elemental Elves on Huang Yi's shoulders. Xiaoqing has a mouth and a powerful suction is emitted from its mouth. The Earth Elemental Elves screams and is sucked into the mouth by the next moment. Now."Yao" Huang Yi shouted, and the fear of the three big heads of the moon suddenly turned into despair. How important is the Elemental Spirit furnace, and losing the Earth Elemental Elves is almost equivalent to reducing his overall strength by 40%!"Little Green can not spit it out." Long Hao Chen shouted.Xiaoqing clearly looked puzzled at Long Haochen. Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo swallowed a saliva. Their eyes showed a reluctant look, but they were still very arched.Xiaoqing's heart is unwilling and unwilling to open his mouth, and squeaking it, the earth element elves clings to Huang Yi. Although this little thing trembles with fright, the elemental energy of the body is covered. Water, but Huang Yi is still overjoyed to put it into the body without hesitation, and that saliva is also transferred to the chest of the clothes.Long Hao was not good enough to knock Xiao Qing's head with his hand. "You really want to eat anything! Huang Xiong, sorry."Huang Yi shook her head. "It's my right to say thank you. I lost." Then he gratefully thanked Long Haochen for a magician ceremony before he turned to walk."Long Hao Chen Sheng." Not to mention the other contestants, and even the referee who announced the victory could not help but come together and looked up and down around the dragon's morning this rare World of Warcraft.The three attributes of Warcraft are not without but three heads are extremely rare. Moreover, Warcraft can generally have three attributes at least eight repairs. The referee is a discerning man, and he can see that Long Haochen's World of Warcraft partner is about to breathe at about level six. And it looks like it's an adult body. If these three lizards can continue to grow, with their talents of these three magical attributes, they will certainly help Long Haochen become a powerful knight.Long Haochen did not make more stopovers and sent back to the hotel’s original room directly through the contract. World of Warcraft transmission can be positioned on its own, especially the dragon's morning and the lunar month is a blood deal and can even set a number of transmission points.Today will not be a problem anymore? I ended the game so quickly. I must wait and wait until the game is taken.Two times in a row, Jean-Claude had to worry about it. Long Haochen was full of guilt in his heart. Therefore, after winning the game, he couldn't wait to leave the test field. Today's battle has also laid a position for him in the third group. Huang Yi is probably the most powerful opponent in the third group. It has become easier to win this later game.On the other side, the second set of trial games.Li Xin is sitting in the rest area and is worried about watching the upcoming game. Her mood at this time even surpassed the tension in her own game.The two sides of the game are walking to the field. One of the two sides was Sima Xian, the bald pastor who had won Lin Xin yesterday. And another...In the familiar voice, Caier was holding a green bamboo stick and was slowly walking into the trial room.Sima Xian could not help but frown his eyes as he gradually walked in front of him.Yesterday, he also saw the test of Caier and Li Xin. When Caier chose to accept the defeat, he was very surprised that the blind woman could pass the preliminary round. Today, Caier has become his opponent."Sima Xian started the game with Cherer." The referee announced that he would recede. The pillars of the four auxiliary assassins rise.Sima Xian did not directly shoot but questioned Cai Gedao: "Girl, can you not? If you don't give up, I wouldn't like to fight with you girl. You like this, I can't go down. !","I'm going to attack." The child's cold voice sounded.The next moment, Sima Xian suddenly felt the whole body cold hair instantly erected, the scalp blows, a suffocating Moran murderous instant filled.The adoptive child is still the adoptive child, the blind woman holding the green bamboo stick, at this moment, in the eyes of Sima Xian, she has become a very sharp edge.In a flash, Caier was like a black flash of lightning suddenly appearing in the trial room. Sima Xian only felt that he was in front of him. Caier had already come to him. The short end of the bamboo sticks was directly a dagger to his chest.Sima Xian's response was still very fast. He found that he felt something wrong with the flower in front of his eyes. While his body quickly retreated a great step, he felt his stout stick stand in front of him."When" sounded, Sima Xian only felt a sudden surge of power, and there was a cold sensation plunged into the palm of his hand along the staff, a strong penetration of his body is a cold.In the eyes of other spectators, he only saw the child's momentary rush like a ghost. The bamboo sticks were on the staff of Sima Xian, and Sima Xian's body was sliding backwards.Sima Xian heart yells, there is no fifth-order cultivation, spiritual power can be so tyrannical?Must not let her close, Sima Xian made the correct reflection the first time, his right foot to the ground, the light burst. White light turns into a circle of haloSure enough, his reaction was correct, and the adoptive child, who looked like a sturdy bone, paused slightly under the detonation of the holy light.In Sima Xian’s hand, the wand whispered out, and the hammer of the light instantly made his way, and went straight to her son. At the same time, a strong golden light rising from him was the sacred light of the priest."Sui" Sima Xian yelled, the body suddenly expanded, the upper body clothing cracked, and the entire person entered the madness instantly.If he said that he and Lin Xin's offensive and defensive exchanges have been eye-popping at the last stop, he actually used madness and made other contestants convulsions. This guy, really a priest?Sima Xian's response is not bad, but unfortunately, he is facing the adoption of children.Caier's body flashed slightly, and before the green bamboo sticks, the Light Hammer disappeared out of nowhere and did not exert its attack power. At the same time, Caier’s body became imaginary with that flash, and Sima Xian could not capture her figure.In the state of madness, Sima Xian’s attacking frequency and strength were astonishingly loud. The staff quickly waved his hand to Caier.However, a shocking scene emerged. Faced with such a tyrannical assault, Caier refused to retreat into the shadows of Sima Xian.Hey, four times in succession, four green awns at the same time point in the divine light four positions, the sacred light instantly collapsed.At this time, Sima Xian was cold in his heart. Is she really a man, not a ghost? Obviously it seems that she has hit her, but it does not touch the physical feeling.At this moment, a screaming screamed at a close distance, Sima Xian only felt a pain in both ears, and there was a momentary embarrassment in his mind.It was at this time that she had been close to the child within two meters in front of him. The green bamboo stick in his hand was again in front of him. The faint halo of the green faintly shimmered, and it was just in front of his staff.Compared to the previous, I did not know how much bigger power rushed in. Although I was in a state of madness, but under the guilty spirit, the iron palms rewinded and fell directly on Sima Xian's thick chest muscles.Immediately afterwards, the children's hands swept green bamboo sticks, and slamming, Sima Xian has been pumped out of five meters away, fell to the ground.The black shadow flashed and the long end of the bamboo stick reached the top of Sima Xian's throat.Thorn, ghost flash, magic sound irrigation, overlord stab. Four assassin skills are just like running around. The madness of Sima Xian did not even have the power to resist.The mental power of the adopted child is full of penetrating power. At this time, Sima Xian falling to the ground can only use his own spiritual power to desperately resolve the spiritual power of the adopted child, and there is still no ability to resist."You lost," said the child with a faint voice, and he took back the bamboo stick and slowly walked toward the rest area. Did not wait for the referee's confirmation, this is absolute confidence.In yesterday's game, the other contestants who despised him and turned to Li Xin for direct admiration, all became very erratic.Although Sima Xian does not have a fifth-order revision, it is also fourth-order or higher. Under madness, there is also a fight with the fifth-order strong man. However, before picking children, he did not have the slightest chance.From the time that she took the children to the end of the game, the time was too short. However, adopting such a powerful attack as a child and a thunderbolt, the child's heart was shaken. You know, she did not use the pillars from beginning to end, and she was a blind person! Assassin's number one is really worth it."The child wins." At the same time as the referee announced, Sima Xian also just got up from the ground, touched his hand and touched the bald head, and when he saw the child, his eyes had changed a bit, and murmured: "Original assassin can be so Strong!",This war has a great influence on Sima Xian, because this is the first time he has had no fight against opponents of the same age.This lazy point, meet with everyone 4095, looking forward to everyone's arrival. I believe that everyone is guessing that our dragon will eventually get the first few, and who are the members of his team, how can they choose? The third will be revealed for everyone.