Chapter 37: Shield of the Great Spirit (Center)The wind is blue, the fire is red, and the light is gold. The three-sided elements of the shield are also accompanied by the bright attributes of the blessing of angels.Long Sui morning double swords, the body stagnates instantly, the god defends.Although Wang Yuanyuan's speed is fast at this time, the bright moon is not impossible to dodge. However, Long Haochen chose to cling to it hard, because he wanted to try, how much could the attack power of the shield of the giant spirit come to an end."Boom -" "Boom -" "Boom -" "When -"Four consecutive roars shocked the audience.The shield on three sides of the element was just to make the sharpness of the shield of the giant spirit stop three times, and then to break it up. Eventually, it was the collision of the two swords with the dragon's head crossed.Long Haochen's body was shocked and a layer of golden light was shining on him. It was revenge of light. The bright moon below left several steps backwards and left a deep footprint on the ground.The refined iron epee was completely broken. Although the fire sword was not broken, but it also bent from it, to see what it looked like, it was not so easy to use.Moreover, at this time of Long Haochen, his arms were a bit of sour. The qi and blood in the genitals were overwhelming and almost hurt. It can be said that he and Haoyue joined forces to barely resist this attack.too strong. This power, I am afraid that there is enough power for thousands of pounds.In this collision, Long Haochen undoubtedly suffered a big loss, but this loss was not eaten. Through this direct collision, he has already gained some understanding of the shield of the giant spirits in the hands of Wang Yuanyuan.First of all, the speeding shock should be the skill attached to the shield of the giant spirit. Without this skill, it is not so easy to break the shield of three elements. The second is that the greatest power of this shield is strength. It seems to be able to directly increase the power of Wang Yuanyuan's external spiritual power, and it is extremely odd. This can produce such power.However, it seems that Wang Yuanyuan's control of the shield is not easy. At the moment of collision, her face clearly shows a flush of color. And a shield repulsed Long Haochen. "Her huge shield also broke into the ground. More than half did not fall into the ground. She was pulling out forcefully, far from being as easy as her arms." Obviously, it is not easy to use her repairs to drive this shield.At this time, the advantage of the Cavaliers is demonstrated. Long Haochen was indeed shocked by the tingling of his arms and arms and his weapon was damaged. However, there is no direct damage to Haoyue. Moreover, when Long Yuchen defended the shield of the Great Spirit with the help of God's Guardian, Haoyue was very good physically, helping Long Yuchen to relieve some of his strength.Under a few steps back, Haoyue stared at Wang Yuanyuan by taking a chance to draw shields from the ground. The stout tail went straight to Wang Yuanyuan's legs and swept away. At the same time, a large number of fireballs and wind blades rushed toward Wang Yuanyuan.Especially concentrated attacks on her hands holding shields. Small light is to read incantations, continued spiritual surgery to shine again and again, to supplement the consumption of Long Haochen.Wang Yuanyuan’s consumption is indeed not small. She was not the first time the Imperial Guardian shield had been used. However, she had forgotten that when she was under the custodian of the Giant Spirit God, the inner spiritual power was very abundant. A series of collisions with Long Haochen could have caused her to consume a lot. After just launching a full blow with the help of the shield of the Great Spirit, she discovered that her own strength was not fully controlled by the inner spiritual power. However, it is too fast for Haoyue's response to the passage. So much that she was rushed.Later, a shield of the Great Spirit of God was pulled, "Wang Yuanyuan tried to hide his body behind the shield, and the power of the shield of the Great Spirit could not be resisted by these ordinary magic.She also did it, and a large number of magical spells of Xiao Huo and Xiao Qing were all extinguished under the high-frequency oscillation of the shield of the giant spirit. However, Haoyue was extremely embarrassed. These magic spells on the top of it were just for the purpose of confusing Wang Yuanyuan. However, the tail wrapped Wang's original leg in a timely manner. Suddenly pull back.Although Wang Yuanyuan has greatly increased the power of the increase in the shield of the giant spirit, the strength of Haoyue is also not small, not to mention that it is compared to panic. This shows the effect.Wang Yuanyuan's body was extremely flexible. When she pulled down, she suddenly fell down and made a very flexible frog action. She also wanted to pull the shield to the end of the moon. However, Long Haochen did not give her this opportunity.At the same time as the start of the lunar month, Long Haochen was supported by Xiaoguang’s glorious world skills. At the same time, Lingli’s rapid recovery also slowed down the paralysis of his arms. The magic that Xiao Huo and Xiaoqing release is not only to cover their own tail attack, but also to cover up the stature of Long Hao.A dragon knife in the back of Wang Yuanyuan, with a palm knife cut on Wang Yuanyuan's neck, Wang Yuanyuan only felt a black eye and he fainted. The shield of her giant spirit can't pull naturally.Long Haochen supported Wang Yuanyuan, who was fainting, and looked at the giant shield next to him. He knew that if Wang Yuanyuan had stronger control over this shield, he would probably lose himself. It is impossible for him to fight the shield with his death.However, after all, dead objects are dead objects. Although the shield of the giant spirit is now not close to the legendary equipment, it still needs people to control. And Haoyue’s help to Long Haochen is much larger.The benefits of the blood-deed compared to the equality contract have become more and more obvious. The spiritual connection between them is much more intense. Even if only one idea moves, they can feel each other and the cooperation in the battle becomes even more tacit.Although Wang Yuanyuan was won, but Long Haochen's face was not very good-looking, this competition, all his equipment has been fully reimbursed. There is no one left. The high-intensity game also had the terror of the shield of the giant spirit of this war. It all told the role of Long Haochen's powerful equipment in the battle. However, "He has no money! How to buy equipment? After entering the knockout round, there are no hand-held equipment. How do you deal with other groups of strong players?Haoyue evolved into three heads. Long Haochen himself broke through the fifth rank. Now he is confident that he will impact the top three players in this tournament.Long Haochen shined a holy shroud on Wang Yuanyuan. He did not start heavy. After counting the numbers, Wang Yuanyuan had already woke up from the coma.Jumping up and leaping, it was very unconvincing to look at Long Haochen and snorted: "If at the beginning I would use the shield of the Great Spirit, you may not be my opponent." As she said, she would put it on the shield. Three gems were removed again.Long Haochen nodded his head seriously and said, "You're right. But the number of outcomes is not yet known. Looking at you doesn't fully control the equipment. It also costs you a lot. As long as I can persist for some time, you still have a hard time winning.”Wang Yuanyuan knew that he was telling the truth and nodded to him. "You are good. I will certainly enter the final with you."As he said, the awkward girl turned her back to the rest area with her giant shield and looked directly at a certain magician who was resting.Huang Yi's face at this time was a bit ugly. His last opponent was Wang Yuanyuan, who won the second place. Although the third place is also possible. But who does not want to control their fate in their own hands? Wang Yuanyuan’s performance was just seen by him. Huang Yi thought of grief and indignation, can not be so fierce! Lien Yao-class equipment is out, or the kind of cattle. What can I do? The power of that giant shield was enough to offset the advantage of his spirit furnace. After all, his Earth Elemental Elves have never evolved.After this battle, Long Haochen had officially opened the line and was one round ahead of the group in his capacity as the first. He took the lead in entering the top 16.After sending the Haoyue back to the hotel room, Long Haochen walked out of the trial room with some grief. No weapons, how can this be done?However, soon his depression in his heart disappeared."Chai, today is you again!" Long Haochen smiled and greeted. Whenever he saw her, he would forget all the unhappiness. Although Caier still had a veil after that time, he was no longer allowed to see her appearance, but Long Haochen never asked for a second look.Walk a few steps, came to pick children, Long Haochen naturally pulled her little hands.Hearing his voice, the lines of the child's eyebrows were clearly softened and whispered: "Is the match going well today?"Long Haohe chuckled and said: "Okay. Today's opponent is very strong.Is a female soldier. Her shield is very powerful. Shields are used when attacking weapons, but they can also be fitted with jewels to enhance power and say what descendants of giant spirits. "I just learned a lot from this morning's battle, and some of them are talking about the process of fighting with Wang Yuanyuan again. But they didn't mention their weapon damage. It wasn't because of anything else. He is worried."Well, it's fine, so to speak, you are already the first team." Caier smiled.Long Hao nodded in the morning and said, "Yeah! I just don't know what to expect in the knockout round. By the way, we have known for so long. We haven't done anything but sent you back. or…………"As he said here, he paused and took Xerai's hand and stopped. He looked a little closer and looked at his face. Had the child pick up anxiously to go home, he wouldn't say anything to ask her to eat.However, the adoption of children will be wrong, stunned, the face exposed outside the veil has become a flush, heart rate suddenly accelerated. As an assassin, she never felt as scared as she is now.Although they are not very old, girls are always more mature than boys in men and women.