Chapter 36 The Great Cher Caier (Part Two)Although Lin Xin will not attack magic, it does not mean that he is not smart. On the contrary, he is a very smart person. What kind of profession is Caier? People are assassins. Are there green bamboo sticks used as weapons? Absolutely not. From the game till now, the weapon that really used the assassin's weapon has never been shot. If it's really a shot, then the attacking power is still uncertain to what extent. He doesn't want to be the first one because his defense is strong enough. Products.In the third group, Long Haochen was also the first person to play today. However, he did not pick it up so easily.Wang Yuanyuan was standing opposite Long Yuchen. He was carrying a heavy shield that was larger than her body. He looked at the eyes of Long Haochen full of the spirit of Xing Ching.She knew that as long as she can win this game, then the second group's first position is his own. Although the first 16 finals are still to be drawn, the team will only meet the second in the other teams. It is obviously beneficial for her to appear as the first woman.However, she also knows that this guy is very difficult to deal with. The horse released by Long Yichen on the day of victory against Huang Yi was only a flash in the pan, but it left her with a very deep impression."The game begins." The referee slowly retires after he announces it.Wang Yuanyuan’s hand shield in front of him and stopped in front of himself, slammed toward Long Haochen: “Call it. Get your mount out.”Long Haochen shook his head and said: "That is not fair. If your strength is really stronger than me, I will consider it."Although he hopes to enhance his actual combat experience through this competition, he will never be pedantic. It was Long Haochen’s unthinkable that he could break through the fifth-order in the game, but now he not only broke through, but Haoyue also completed the second evolution. This made him really have to compete for the strength of the top three of the finals. That's the reward of the spirit furnace! Moreover, he promised that Lin Xin's job has not yet been completed. It would be best to be able to complete this session of the Hunting Monsters. Long Haochen does not like the feeling that he is owed to others.When Wang Yuanyuan listened to his words, he could not help but slightly glimpse. The jewel originally held in his left hand slowly retracted and he nodded to Long Hao in the morning. "Since then, we will be fair and have a good fight."As she spoke, she shouted and instantly rushed towards Long Haochen at a speed that was not as fast as an assassin. However, every step of landing would give a bang and her own momentum would skyrocket. Silver Spirit As the force rose, her skin was covered in a silvery gleam.Long Haochen had a glimpse of his heart, because in the previous games, Wang Yuan-yuan had shown the repairs around the fourth-order peak, and the fifth-order strength was the first time she showed it. I don't know if she had hidden strength or just had a breakthrough.Just like the evaluation of a warrior temple, Wang Yuanyuan is by no means a traditional shield warrior. Her huge shield is used as a heavy axe.When Long Haochen was less than ten meters away, the left foot pedaled into the air and the whole person rushed into the air. The huge heavy shield rose and he headed straight for Long Haochen to get his head. The fierce look, there is still The appearance of a little girl is more than that of a male warrior.Long Haochen held a fine iron shield in his left hand and a fire sword in his right hand. Fine iron shield cheap! After losing the shield of glory, he also went to see the Great Wall auction site. However, as soon as his own gold coins are available for dinner after another month, another, good weapon is really too expensive. The expensive one made him just return with a glance.An ordinary magic equipment level shield, it will be thousands of gold coins. Even if it is an alloy shield, hundreds of gold coins are also required. In desperation, Long Haochen had to spend 10 gold coins to buy this fine iron shield first to make use of. Also spent twenty gold coins to buy an epee, spare in the forget-me-nots ring.Now he just thought, wait until the end of the finals, quickly went to the Knights Templar to receive the prize in the preliminary game. The top ten seems to be able to get a magic class equipment. If this thing is sold, it is enough to put on a set of magical equipment. It's a gold coin that stunts hero! Long Haochen is proud of his bones. He certainly will not go to his sister and teacher for money.In the face of rushing into the air, Wang Yuanyuan, who has been rushing toward himself, used his assault skills. Of course, he did not rush toward Wang Yuanyuan, but he launched an assault toward the side.Under the sharp increase of speed, the original attack of Wang Yuanyuan was just opened.The giant shield squatted on the ground, and the silver spiritual power spread instantly, producing a ring of distorted shockwaves. Wang Ruyuan's shield was nearly half of the ground into the ground. The power of this blow was enough. The beautiful dragons used to shine with the sword.Although Long Haochen opened Wang Yuanyuan’s attack, the spread of silver spirit still had a certain influence on him, so that he failed to initiate the attack in the first time after he interrupted his assault skills.When Wang Yuanyuan missed a hit, the color of his face was not changed, and the shield suddenly flung in the direction of Long Haochen. Suddenly, large areas of loess were turned into thousands of flying sand and went straight to Long Haochen to shroud away. Wang Yuanyuan flicked his wrists, and the giant shield flew at the beginning, and headed straight for Long Yinchen. The shriek of a heavy bell like a sigh of death is astonishing.Long Haochen's upper body fell backwards, and his waist was like a broken one. He leaned back and Wang Yuanyuan's giant shield swiped across his head from time to time.It was at this moment that Long Haochen had right-footed ground and counter-attack. At this point the original shield of the king is not in the hands, it is the best time to attack her.Shield block the impact, Long Haochen fine iron shield went straight to Wang Yuanyuan hit. At this time, the giant shield of Wang Yuanyuan still had to rest at least for a short time."Yeah!" Wang Yuanyuan coldly slammed, silver light suddenly flashed, she did not hesitate to rush over towards Long Hao morning. To the surprise of Long Haochen, just in the next moment, the giant shield has appeared in her hands without any warning. The situation also turned into a shield between both sides to block the impact and hit the opponent.Long Haochen crashed out of five meters away, under a huge shock, his fine iron shield has been broken into iron pieces.Equipment is really too lossy, and, Long Haochen was surprised to find that by the external Lingli who had been increased by the blood of Haoyue, faced with Wang Yuanyuan, even if it was cheaper, it was even less than enough. This is a great effort!Because he had to date with Chern every day, Long Yuchen did not carefully observe Wang Yuanyuan's fighting situation. At this point, he realized that this founder was able to win seven victories with real skill.That silver spiritual power, is it a rare null attribute? Suddenly, Long Haochen came to understand it. If it is not a space property, how will the giant shield suddenly return to her hands?In the morning, Wang Yuanyuan was also stunned and their inner spiritual power was similar. The same skills collide with each other. Competition is the external spiritual power and equipment. There is no doubt that Long Jingchen's fine iron shield is absolutely downwind. But at the moment of the collision, Wang Yuanyuan felt that Long Haochen was like a lion that had suddenly exploded. The explosiveness was so fierce that she was also shaken back and forth, unable to connect attack skills. If he had If you have the same equipment, you won't be knocked off even if you lose it.Although this thought is in her heart, she could not stop her hand. The dragon's morning rushed toward stature. The hands of the shield flashed, actually turned out three glory, shrouded to the dragon's morning.Even though Long Yuchen had only one sword in his hands, the light in his eyes suddenly became fierce. After a previous temptation, he knew a bit about Wang Yuanyuan. At this point no more hands are left.Suddenly, the sword of fire glowed with a dash of Jianmang, slamming, and stabbed on the edge of the original shield. At the same time, he muttered a curse in his mouth and held his sword in his hands. Immediately after the jabbing, he was a shining sun.Yao Yishun accurately captured one of the three Chad's abundances of chalkiness and made violent collisions.This time, it was Wang Yuanyuan’s loss.The spiritual strength of the two men was almost the same, but she just distracted her strength. But the quality of her giant shield was obviously above the fire sword, but it was only a step back. However, this blow also blew the clarion call of Long Haochen's counterattack."The left hand lifted." The fine iron epee he had purchased was already in control. At the same time, his spell chanting was over.A luminosity about a meter high quietly suspended behind him, wings spread out, awe-inspiring appearance of the light tomorrow. A circle of golden glow spread down from this angel and landed on Long Haochen's body. All of a sudden, his whole person was rendered a golden layer.Fifth-order guardian knight skills, angel blessings. This skill was Long Hao's morning break. After breaking through five levels, Nightingale had just taught him in recent days.Angel blessing is not a cheat. All guardian knights must learn. This skill is very useful in actual combat, because it is a range of skills, not only to increase their own, but also to increase teammates. In the case of continuous consumption of spiritual power, all attacks and defenses can be accompanied by light attribute effects without affecting the original attributes.Although the increase in its light properties is far inferior to the Holy Sword, its success is in continuity and scope. It is one of the essential skills for guarding the knight to lead the team against Mozu.In the hands of Long Sui-chen's hands, the swords of fire and fine iron epee were all covered with thick gold. Using angel blessing, in addition to enhancing his own attack power, the most important thing is that he must protect his own weapons. If the fire sword is damaged again, what weapon does he take in the back game? That fine iron epee has an increase in the blessing of angels, and it is barely a magical weapon.With both hands and epochs erupting at the same time, dozens of swordsmen spurred Wang Yuanyuan with immense force.Wang Yuan did not expect Long Haochen to replace the shield after the damage was actually replaced by two swords. Under preparation, he had to take a step back. The giant shield stopped in front of his body and completely blocked his body.