Chapter 34 Three-headed Moon (below)The crisp chanting and Huang Yi's low voices maintained the same rhythm, but the chanting content was completely different.At the same time hearing two voices, Long Haochen is also a glimpse, at this time he just bypassed the two sides of the earth wall, just to see the opposite scene.Earth element spirit furnace? See Huang Yi shoulders villain, Long Haochen suddenly shocked.For magicians, the most useful element is the elemental spirit furnace. Each magical element has the potential to create a spirit furnace. Once the elemental spirit furnace is in place, this spirit furnace can be transformed into an Elemental Elves to assist the owner in the battle. Elemental spirit furnaces can generally be evolved three times. The top elemental spirit furnace can even be evolved four times.In all the elemental spirit furnaces, only the Elemental Spirit furnace can be used by the knight.The strength of the elemental elves is closely related to the owner himself. Having it is actually equivalent to having one more caster, and the spiritual power used is also owned by the owner himself. In simple terms, the Elemental Genie can also use the host's spiritual power to cast spells, attack the enemy or defend and assist the host. With the evolution of the elemental elves, their greatest feature is their ability to increase magical power and reduce spiritual power consumption.The magician with Elemental Spirits is like a guardian knight with a Holy Spirit inviting to any team. Although Huang Yi's earth element spirit furnace is still only the lowest order, his auxiliary role in the battle is already very large. His magic, this earth element elves must also be plenary.Can not be delayed by him, once the two magical powers are all played out, they simply do not have the possibility of winning.Long Haochen made an immediate decision and no longer tried to bypass the earth wall and suddenly launched a propulsion. The right-handed fire sword shines, and the sun's golden red light glows.One side of the earth wall was broken in front of his tyrannical marquee, and the momentum of the assault did not stop at the slightest, and the speed broke out. He changed the assault and rushed to the opponent.The psychic force of the liquid makes the 曜 斩 斩 能 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 远 。 。 。 。 。 。 。.In the face of the sudden eruption of Long Haochen, Huang Yi looks the same, and a wall of earth continues to appear in front of Long Haochen, resisting the speed of his rush.The day after day is flashing, Long Haochen kept the moment, and with his current physical condition, if Huang Yi and his earth elements and spirits are fully developed, they will almost certainly be defeated.With a fierce roar, one after another, the earth wall broke down on the next day, and Long Haochen took firm steps to constantly pull closer to each other.Feeling the power of the Sundial, including Huang Yi, the third group of other people are also surprised. This day, it seems that guardian knight skills? There are no other knights here. Naturally, they don't know about Dragon Watching and disciplinary training.Seeing that the distance between the two sides has been shortened to only 20 meters, and then a little further forward, Long Haochen's long-range attack skills have the ability to hit the opponent.However, it was at this time that the sound of the earth-elf's crisp cymbal came to an abrupt end, and a huge ochre halo appeared in front of Huang Yi.In the heart of Long Haochen's heart was surprised and the body rushed forward suddenly.The loess on the surrounding ground was concentrated toward the aura at an astonishing speed. A massive body of up to four meters was impressively shaped. That stout body rushed directly toward Long Haochen.Earth giants, fifth-order elements summon magic. In the fifth-order soil magic, which belongs to the highest-end existence, it is no wonder that it takes such a long time to sing.When this magic was released, Huang Yi's face was slightly pale. It was obviously the spiritual power consumption was not small. The earth-elf on his shoulder no longer sang, and his body radiated a layer of yellowish light that enveloped Huang Yi. He was actually helping him restore his spiritual power.JuLing, Elemental Wizard talent ability. Ability to help masters quickly absorb magical elements by virtue of their strong affinity with elements in nature. One can imagine how important it is for an enchanter to have an elemental elves.Although the earth giant in front of Long Haochen was not as horrible as the King of Kings he had dealt with last night, his defensive power was even on top of the king. At least it was not afraid of the light attributes, and now the dragon's morning is also the same. Incomplete state.Hengdun, God defended. With a loud cry, the earth giant was bounced off, and Long Haochen had a golden vengeance on his body. His left foot stepped forward and the fire sword exploded.Light sword. With a huge golden beam of light, the light blade flies out.Long Haochen's movements were extremely fast. At his feet, he felt as if he had a halo and spit. The body was suddenly pulled up. This notion of light and light swords was not only imperious but also more importantly, the blade was generous.The giant earthman suddenly had a long mouth. However, Long Haochen’s face slightly changed.The Kwang-sword's hole left on the giant was almost from its shoulder to the cross. However, this hole looked destructive, but it was actually only an inch deeper. For giants who are over four meters tall and extremely heavy, what is this? Moreover, the reason why the earth giant is called the fifth-order soil system the most powerful magic will be so simple? On both of its feet, there is a strong yellowish glow that absorbs the surrounding earth elements to supplement itself, and the body's mouth is closing at an astonishing speed, almost disappearing instantly.Among all the giants summoning, the giants are best at defense.The pupil suddenly contracted and Long Haochen had already resolved. He can feel the lack of spiritual power in his body. If he now has enough spiritual support, then he is confident that he can use skills to gradually disintegrate the earth giant. However, he does not have so much time now.Huang Yi watched as if the earth giant can delay some of his own time, so that Huang Yi will restore the best spiritual power, then this war will not continue. Long Haochen does not even have half of his total spiritual power. Although it is a liquid spirit, it cannot be sustained."It's a pity." Long Haochen took a look at the shield of his left hand, which had a greater split in the air. His body in the air was half-turned, and the flames were smashed on fists of the earth giants.The sound of rustling sounded from the earth giant. Its body was firm and steel, and Long Haochen bouncing up with the aid of this rebounding force, and the sword slammed into the head of the earth giant.The earth giant's defense is indeed very strong, but its action will be relatively slow. The fire sword suddenly left a deep mark on its head.Immediately afterwards, the scene that shocked all the fighters appeared. Long Haochen was in the air and had a left shield and a right sword. The whole person was hovering in the process of continuously bombing the earth giant. The slick golden red light continued to bombard the body of the earth giant like a huge meat grinder.Fight the round sword, the powerful attack skill created by Long Xingyu.The essence of fighting a rounding sword lies in leveraging power and taking advantage of it. From a certain point of view, it is even somewhat like a potential skill, but it is an enhanced version of the attack. It is best suited to attack but it is not suitable for agile opponents. As long as you can't keep hitting your opponent, you can't continue to accumulate attack power.Obviously, Tucson doesn't have the ability to dodge an opener to kill a round sword. Even if Yang Wenzhao's strength is such that once he is stuck in a roundabout sword, he does not have enough means to flash off and continue to attack, and he can only choose to fight hard.The shocking scene of the audience has emerged. Long Yinchen hovering in mid-air is like the death knives constantly sweeping the body of the earth giant. The earth giant could only clumsily attempt to attack him, but he was only constantly taking advantage of it and leveraging it.As the earth and stone are flying, the giants of the earth’s body are constantly being cut open to open a hole. Under the sweep of the round sword, its body is reduced from top to bottom at an astonishing speed, and it is then strangled by Long Haochen. Powder.The final blow completely shattered the body of the earth giant. A chain-like golden light was thrown at the moment of fighting and killing the round sword to complete the final recovery, and went straight to Huang Yifei, who was a bit sluggish in the distance.Huang Yi is a second-order wizard, and if he doesn't consider a guy who doesn't fly, he is the real first place in the magical temple. The magic of earth giants he also learned that time is not long, never thought that even a fifth-order opponent can destroy it at such a rapid rate. That's the earth giant but not the earth wall! Earth giant defense, even if the opponent can withstand the sixth-order opponent for a while, right?The two yellow rays appeared in front of Huang Yi almost indiscriminately. They were all earthen walls. They were released by him and earth elements.Two consecutive roars rang, and the golden light that had come from the flight even destroyed two of the earth walls in a row. The unabated trend continued to hit Huang Yi’s chest.A layer of yellowish light film centered on Huang Yi’s staff, and the golden light collided with it and finally broke. Dozens of golden lights scattered and scattered.At this time, Huang Yi was able to see clearly that this raid on himself was the shield of the glorious light that had been in the hands of Long Haochen. Unfortunately, this shield has been completely destroyed.For such a situation, Long Haochen is also no way to fight a round sword is of course strong, but he only has a fire sword in his hands, but this skill's advantage is the need for dual weapons. Therefore, although the shield of Glory does not have much attack, it must be used to complete the skill. The original cracks continued to grow, and they finally reached the verge of collapse. It was an irreparable damage. In desperation, Long Haochen can only use him to make a final blow.Compared with Long Haochen's equipment, Huang Yi's equipment will be more luxurious, and the khaki light film is the skill of the staff in his hands, and the earth element shield.