Chapter 34 Three-headed month (middle)At the same time, Long Haochen also felt the information coming from Haoyue. The next evolution will be much more difficult than this one. It will indeed produce a qualitative change, but the degree of evolution will not be as big as it is now. After all, the evolution of Warcraft from level 6 to level 7 can be more difficult than from level 4 to level 6. As for the more evolutionary situation, Haoyue did not have much to say. From the information it received, Long Haochen could only feel that Haoyue was telling him that no matter what it became in the future, he would always be his relative, Partners, elder brothers, even fathers.The night is dark, and when Long Haochen enters the cultivation state after cleaning her body, Haoyue also sleeps heavily. Although its evolution has been completed, the body is very weak at this time. Obviously all the energy is used to evolve. It takes time to recover to its best.Haoyue also told Long Haochen that it was the wind that gave birth to this new head. Long Qichen named it Xiaoqing in the morning, like the color of his eyes.Sunlight shines into the room from the window, and Long Haochen, who is in cultivation, slowly wakes up. Bathed in the warm sunshine, his eyes could not help but reveal a hint of sadness. Unconsciously recalling the world of darkness and fire.Compared to there, the demon continent is just like heaven!Looking through the window to the soft morning sun, Long Haochen suddenly felt a sense of well-being.Haoyue occupies the bed of Long Haochen. There is no image to sleep there. Because the bed is not long enough, its body is curled up there, and its tail is still in the mouth of the small light. In the eyes of others, it may feel like it looks disgusting. However, in the eyes of Long Haochen, they are always blind.Stepped forward and touched each of the three big heads. Long Haochen didn't wake them up. She quietly walked out of the bedroom and took breakfast. Today, he still has games to attend.When Long Haochen walked out of the bedroom, the three heads of Haoyue also opened their eyes and looked at each other. Three layers of different colors blew out a faint warmth in the eyelids, tilted the corners of the mouth, and closed the eyes again. . Breathing is also restored.Stretching the body hard, the inner spiritual power still has some weak feelings. It was already late at night when I came back last night. The short-term cultivation did not make Long Haochen's spiritual power restored to its best condition. However, he clearly felt that his body had become much tougher and his strength had increased significantly.It seems that we should really look for opportunities to test our own spiritual power.He had dinner with Li Xin and Nightingale for breakfast. Although Nightingale could not go to watch the game, he still stayed. At least he had to wait for Long Haochen to participate in all competitions. He would really join the hunting demons before he would consider returning to Haoyue City."Xin Er said that Haoyue is back, but also evolved?" Nightingale whispered to Long Haochen.Nightingale asked with some curiosity: "How far has it evolved? Is it because of what you said last time?"Long Haochen said: "It should be. Otherwise, I can't think of how it could evolve again in such a short period of time. Teacher, I think Haoyue is really unusual. This evolution, it can already be equivalent to the beginning of the sixth grade. The level of Warcraft is higher, and there is an additional attribute."Nightingale smiled and said: "This is a good thing for you. The stronger the moon, the more you can help. It can return just before the finals, and it will be of great help to you. You have to be much easier."Long Hao Chen Hehe smiled and said: "The bright moon is still weak. Before it is completely restored, I will not let it compete with me. The teacher, the time is late. Let's go with my sister."Nightingale headed: "You go."Long Haochen and Li Xin bid farewell to the night and went in the direction of the SAM. Looking at the back of their departure, Nightingale sighed, "Ye-Chen Morning, this child is fine. He treats the people around him too softly. Too much emphasis on affection."When Long Haochen walked into the trial field, he recalled the circumstances of the draw of the previous round of the circuit. Today, the opponent he faces seems to be the second entrant from the Magic Temple, a fifth-order player. The Mage, no doubt, it will be a tough battle.Yesterday he went early, naturally do not know the results of the game behind, after entering the door to inquire about it, his opponent today also won in yesterday's game, like him, defeated an assassin.Sitting in the rest area to find a place to sit down, Long Haochen eyes swept from the surrounding, the most attracted his attention, or the two girls in this group.Lori summoned the teacher in a sullen mood and seemed to recall the jealousy that summoned a young lamb yesterday.The principle of Wang Yuan sat there and wiped her huge shield. The eyes were full of compassion and love, like touching the body of a lover.Long Haochen certainly does not think that Lolita Summoner can only summon sheep. First of all, she is definitely the summoner number one, which proves that her cultivation has reached the fifth order. Second, she was able to reach the finals, which proves that she was at least summoning the top ten of the temple.Yesterday when the door of the creatures appeared, the shocked dragons would not forget. Although only a dramatic sheep appeared at the end of the day, could the creature's door really only summon the sheep? I am afraid it is not that simple.Without much thought, Long Hao immediately closed his eyes after sitting down and allowed himself to enter meditation. Last night, the spiritual power was consumed too much, although the sense of weakness in the body disappeared due to the evolution of Haoyue. However, the spiritual power within itself cannot be changed with the overdraft. He must restore as much spiritual power as possible. Waiting for his opponent is the number two of the Magic Temple, and it is undoubtedly a fifth-order strongman.Nightingale once taught Long Haochen that the higher the magician's cultivation, the greater the overall strength would be. In short, the second-order magician is definitely not an opponent of the second-order warrior, but when the magician reaches the fifth-order, even ten soldiers of the same rank may not be able to compete with it.The magician possesses powerful attack power and ability to control the battlefield. An excellent magician is the most important combat force and flash point of a team.The first game took place between two assassins. The match between the assassin and the assassin was focused on speed and control. It was almost who hit the opponent first and who would win the final victory. So this game ended very quickly, and even others didn't quite see how they managed to win and the game was over."In the second game, Huang Yi played against Long Haochen."The referee's voice awakened Long Yuchen from retreat. On the other side, the silent magician also stood up. His appearance is also very handsome, his face lines are even as soft as Long Haochen. The figure is slightly higher than the dragon's morning, far less high-profile than Lin Xin, but between the gestures, they seem to follow a certain path.Long Haochen's eyes are slightly moving, this opponent is probably not good to deal with! From Huang Yi's body, he felt a threat similar to Yang Wenzhao’s, but it was not as strong as Yang Wenzhao."For the sake of fairness, the fight between the knight and the sorcerer will be fifty meters apart." The referee directs Long Haochen and Huang Yi to keep each other's distance. This announces, "The game begins."This time, Long Haochen no longer chose to gain momentum, fighting with the magician, it is necessary to constantly close to each other, compared with the powerful attack power and ability to control the battlefield, the magician's body is very fragile, once the Knight close The outcome has basically been doomed.charge. Long Haochen’s speed increased sharply. In the left hand, the Shield of Glory fell into control and was held in his right hand as a fire sword. His lightsaber was left behind in a battle with the corpse last night. Therefore, it is accurate to say that he has only one sword.The Glorious Shield has its own ability to repair itself, but it has not yet fully recovered after last night's heavy damage. The amazing rift still remains on the top. Long Hao Chen was not even on the armor, the king of the knife completely damaged his body of light armor.Seeing the equipment removed by Long Haochen, Huang Yi slightly frowned at the opposite side, but his movement was not slow at all. A short and thick magic wand appeared in his hands.The whole body of the sceptre was presented as a yellow crystal color. I do not know what the material system is. There is a line of quaint atmosphere above it. A sapphire ball gemstone is set on the top. When Huang Yi took out the staff, there was a circle of yellowish halo.The low spell rang in Huang Yi's mouth with a strange rhythm. The staff pointed a finger in the direction of the dragon's morning and suddenly, a yellow light shot into the venue, spreading out a yellow halo.Long Haochen’s perception was extremely high. He immediately felt a danger. He was standing in a swift end and tiptoe to make a horizontal dodge.A huge earth wall suddenly emerges from the ground without any warning. If Long Haochen continues to maintain the momentum of the previous rush, he has already slammed into the earth wall.The earth wall from one side to the other continued to gush from the ground. No matter how the direction of the dragon's morning changes, there will always be a wall of earth behind him, making it impossible for him to move forward. In a moment's work, he was even obstructed by these earth walls.Each of these earth walls has a width of two feet, a height of three feet, and a thickness of more than two feet. It is not easy to break down.As soon as Long Haochen's eyesight was isolated, Huang Yi's motion stopped slightly. A mass of yellow light gushed out of his chest. This group of lights did not launch attacks and defenses but floated and fell. In Huang Yi's left shoulder. Vaguely able to see, it is a small person behind a pair of transparent wings. It is only palm-sized and looks very cute. However, the sound of its mouth is not so cute for Long Haochen.