The thirty-fifth chapterFlying to the ground, Long Haochen obviously had some wheezing. The lack of inner spiritual power made him feel weak.If it is life and death, he will not hesitate to take back the panacea, but this is the game, in the game he is not willing to waste ammunition, but also hope to rely on the game to stimulate their potential.Without too much pause, the Faith Aura was released and suddenly slammed into the ground. At this point, he is only about twenty meters from Huang Yi. As long as he can get closer in a short period of time, he has the confidence to win.However, at this time, Huang Yi's face showed a faint smile.The staff pointed forward and the spell in the mouth kept spinning. A circular halo instantly landed. The halo actually walked up on the ground and instantly appeared at the foot of the dragon's morning. Immediately afterwards, the ten stings raised from the ground at the same time. Form a cage-like shape, trapping Dragons in the morning.The singing of the Earth Elemental Elves was just completed at this time. Its cooperation with Huang Yi was perfect. In the air, a mass of yellow suddenly appeared. Immediately afterwards, dozens of disc-size stones descended from heaven and went straight to the dragon in the cage. I will go in the morning.If Long Yuchen had a shield in his hands, then it might not be difficult for him to resist this rockfall. However, the shield of the Glory has been lost. Can he still use shields for defense?Taking a deep breath, Long Yuchen’s eyes instantly became solidified. When the cage formed by the spurs trapped him, he knew that it would be difficult for him to win today’s World War I. However, he will never give up until the last moment.Hold the fire sword with both hands at the same time, the left foot across the half-step, keeping your feet and shoulder width position, twist waist, pick. The steadfast and persevering eyes are staring at the falling stones in the air and completing the actions of one by one.At this time, Long Haochen's combat skills and strong spiritual power are undoubtedly demonstrated. He did not use any spiritual power. It was entirely by virtue of his physical strength to stir up these stones that fell from a height of 100 meters.The fire sword can always hit the most vulnerable parts of the side of the stone when it is not allowed to do so. It can use force to fly it, rather than hard fight. This is the best way to save spiritual power.On the other side, Huang Yi and his Elemental Elves began a long chant, and this time he even sang even longer than before summoning the Tujia.What is even more bizarre is that he and the Elemental Elves chant the rhythm very slowly. He sings an Elemental Elemental Elves to connect a scale. This is the essence of the magician's joint singing method. One of the mysteries used to use magic more often than not is the requirement for cooperation between the casters. It is obviously the easiest to use joint spellcasting effects to sing together with the elemental elves that are connected to their hearts.Three groups of eight other contestants can see at this time that the overall situation has been set. Regardless of the magic that Huang Yi and his Elemental Elves sang, Long Haochen did not interrupt them at this time. The longer the magic chant, the greater the power naturally. Not to mention the use of magic in more stages.Together, the rockfall was picked up by the dragon's head in the morning. He was pleasantly surprised to discover that his physical strength had made great strides. Breaking through the rockfall technique while continuing to make him a tingle in his arms still saved the spirit. force.The golden red light shines brightly again. It is still the same day. Long Haochen has successively opened the gap in front of the spur cages and rushed out of it."It's too late, you can throw in." Huang Yi faint sounded, his face showing a confident smile. A gentle but somewhat obvious pride.Long Haochen was not charging him. He found that the ground beneath his feet seemed to be different. The original yellow earth surface was covered with a faint yellow light. Although the light was not strong, it did exist.Huang Yi smiled. "Didn't believe it? Look at it." The wand of his hand moved, a strange scene appeared. The land under his feet suddenly rose, pushing his body up by a minimum of three meters, and then the uplifted. The landbag even with his body quickly receded, even faster than the dragon's morning charge, almost instantly pulled him and Long Haochen's distance a hundred meters.Whether it is a warrior or a knight, the most important aspect of facing the magician is the distance, suddenly being pulled away, Long Haochen is also somewhat vacant. Immediately afterwards, he felt that the ground under his feet suddenly felt a sudden start. A huge earthbag immediately surged up and then suddenly shook. His body was immediately thrown away.Long Haochen hurriedly curled up in the air in the air. One fell to the ground, but another tug bulged and slammed into him.Vigorously tossed Long Haochen again. What made him desperate was that he clearly saw that the entire playing field seemed to be alive, and that as many inflated bags swelled like waves, Huang Yi stood so quietly at a remote high ground and smiled. Even some jokingly looked at him.Sixth-order magic of earth systems, soil waves.This is the most powerful self-protection method for soil magicians. It can not only help oneself quickly transfer the position, but also can be used to stop the enemy and attack the enemy, but it is a powerful control field skill that combines offense and defense. As long as you are still on the ground, you can barely escape this magical control. Unless the opponent's strength can be strong enough to shatter this magic.Long Haochen did not wait for the fall, and he was once again shaken up again. It was like a boat on the tip of the wave. Countless waves from all directions constantly impacted his body. Even if Long Haochen's body is tough, he can not help but burst with blood.The referee stood in the distance and silently watched this scene. He now only waited for Long Haochen to give up.Looking at Long Haochen who was struggling on her own, Huang Yi couldn't help but admire. This young knight is definitely younger than he is, but he has already reached the fifth order. Moreover, his willpower is really firm. Unfortunately, he is only a knight after all, and what he is best at is to control the whole game. How is the knight? It's wonderful to feel that everything is in control.At this moment, Suddenly, Long Haochen's body was suspended in the air and she paused. In the vague, Huang Yi only saw Long Yuchen's body not knowing what position it had lit up in purple. Immediately afterwards, the fine purple light pattern appeared out of nowhere, and it was so hard to support his body and no longer fell."Oh -" The screams of anger suddenly sounded, a flood that shocked the audience instantly spread from the purple light pattern.It was a strange symbol that sparkled with nine violets and coiled into a magnificent magic pattern in the air. A large body suddenly emerged under the dragon's morning and caught his body."Chang Yue." Long Haochen called out with a few surprises and fell on his generous back. He was breathing heavily. The feeling of near-exhaustion in inner spiritual power is not at all acceptable. If you are thrown several times by Naolang, I am afraid he will really be injured.Yes, it is the next month. Feeling the crisis of Long Haochen, it sent itself to his side.A ray of intense blue light appeared under the body of the moon, carrying the body that had been more than four meters long. When he was with Long Haochen, his eyes were only affectionate, spoiled, and invited. At this moment, the six eyes on the three sides of the moon were only cold. Floating in the air, Huang Yi gazed coldly in the distance."Horses? Finally willing to put the mount out. This is what Warcraft? Float?" Huang Yi also saw the bright moon was surprised. Three lizards? And so huge, this kind of Warcraft does not seem to exist in his impression. But he knew the floating technique of the wind system. Heart secretly sneered. Floatation is not flying, so huge body, how long can you float in the air? As long as it falls, it will also be affected by my long wave technique. I can continue to work for more than ten minutes.Huang Yi did not carelessly, and at the moment of the emergence of the lunar month, he and his Elemental Elves had re-singed incantations. He sings himself to be a rock-smashing technique, and the earth element elves sing is a rockfall technique. The key feature of the meteorites is that the attack power is stronger, but only one meteorites can be controlled in accordance with the minds of the magician. In combination with the range of rockfall techniques, the overall attack power naturally increases.There are two chanting spells on his side. However, there are three on Haoyue's side, and all three properties are different...The low voice sounded from Xiaoguang, Xiaohuo and Xiaoqingkou at the same time. Their singers Lian Longchen did not understand it. It is completely different from humans, and its scale is short and powerful.The first to complete the magic is the small light, a circle of golden halo appears around its big head, Xiaoguang raised his head and sprayed a glare in the air. Suddenly, there was a light cloud in the sky. Immediately afterwards, a golden beam descended from the sky and landed on Long Haochen.The warm warm current spreads all over the body instantly. Long Haochen only feels that the liquid spirit in his own body of chalk is like boiling, rising at an astonishing speed and recovering.Shining heaven and earth, guarding Knight's fifth-order skills. Also known as continuation. This skill is very limited, and it is only useful between the light system players. It is a spell that transfers spiritual power. In the Cavalier's secret technique, it is even more indifferent than the momentum. Whether it is guardian knights or disciplinary knights, there are very few who have learned this skill. Ask, who is willing to transfer their spiritual power to others?However, the small light will be this magic, but also directly in the role of Long Hao Chen. Long Haochen only felt that almost one moment, his inner spiritual power had returned more than 50%, and he immediately sat upright on the back of the moon.Because Huang Yi and the Elemental Elves are the first to cast a spell, this time, the Rockfall Technique and the Rock Fighting Technique have been completed at the same time. In the sky, there are countless discs and stones that fall down. At the same time, a round stone shining in the distance with a yellow light intermingled with the whistling sound and went straight to the dragon's morning bombardment.Long Haochen was sitting still on the back of the moon and he was in touch with Haoyue. He naturally knew what the three heads of Haoyue were doing. The fire sword leans down underneath, and the golden glow rises.The small fire made a roar in the sky, a fiery red six-pointed star flashed in front of its head, and its red eyes sparkled with dazzling red light.A giant pillar of fire with the diameter of the body of Haoyue rose suddenly into the sky, and all of the falling stones were almost instantaneously turned to ashes. Even the meteorite that had been shot by the spurs collided with them. It was also half a catty and finally came to Long Haochen. In front of him, the fire rushed to the side and it was hard to fly out of the meteorite that had little impact.Xiaoqing's magic was completed at this moment. The intense blue light flashed behind him instantly. The blue six-pointed star instantly formed. Immediately afterwards, a hurricane was ejected from behind the bright moon.Although it's a bit unsightly, like putting it, but the effect is absolutely power.Haoyue that huge body under the impetus of the Fengzhu surgery, suddenly like a meteor crashed into the moon, went straight to Huang Yifei.That's right, the flotation technique can't fly, but it can be supplemented with wind-column surgery. It's still possible to do a short-term air-crash gliding.The three heads of Haoyue cooperated with each other in a tacit understanding. Xiaoguang regained his spiritual power for Long Haochen, and the Xiaohuo was responsible for flying. Long term, it can actually be completed within a short period of time.Three properties of Warcraft? Huang Yi was a bit of a look, and his stone surgery had just been broken. Haoyue's body had already been enlarged in his eyes.not good. Huang Yi rushed to control the waves and wanted to run. It is also necessary to consume spiritual power for his maintenance of earth waves. Moreover, in the series of battles with Long Haochen before, his spiritual power consumption is also quite large. It is no longer possible to attack again. I just want to pull the distance away, and wait for Long Hao to land in the morning.However, how can Long Haochen give him another chance?Long Haochen had a little back on the crooked moon. The whole person flew out like an arrow. Xiaoqing spouted a small wind column and hit at the foot of Long Haochen, making his speed reach the limit instantly.The technique of earth waves is indeed ingenious. Huang Yi quickly controls the earth waves under his feet and wants to change directions.The flash of white light, a powerful pulling force in Huang Yi's frightened voice has already pulled him up, the next moment, Long Haochen's fiery fire sword came to the front.Long Haochen wanted to use this skill when he was approaching 20 meters in front of him. However, he was stopped by a cage. How can he give him another chance at this time?When the moon landed on the floor, the thick and powerful limbs slammed suddenly and rushed toward the direction of the fall of Long Haochen. Xiaoqing opened his mouth and sucked it. A suction lifted his body horizontally. Immediately afterwards, he blew out a wind group, followed by a dragon. The morning was slowly landing.When Huang Yi came back to wake up, the big heads of three skeletons had already gathered him in front of him from three directions. His breath was snorting, and Xiao Hu also used his tongue to lick his mouth. It seems that he is very delicious."Don't be! I'll give up..."