Chapter 36: Awesome Caier (center)Actually, Sima Xian is a little bit like the Berserker of the bright nature. The priest's attacking skills in the early days are too limited. Although his physical strength is strong, how can he compare with the super-genius of the assassin's temple in the Millennium? What?Lin Xin stared blankly at Caier’s return to the rest area. His eyes were straight. He was now most likely to say to Caier’s words, that is, to hold the thighs... “Of course, there is absolutely no other idea, purely To hold the thigh, he couldn't imagine it anyway, and this time before he was with Long Haochen, the young girl who looked so delicate and still lost her vision was so strong that she was so scary. Experienced.Too strong, it is simply too strong. Such a strong person, who can compete with her in the trial of the hunting mob?Li Xin's shock was no less than that of Lin Xin. Lin Xin couldn’t think of it. She couldn’t think of it, and yesterday she was deliberately throwing in the game against her. Even if she owns a rose, but can she win it? My brother! Where did you find a girl who was as perverted as you!Before Li Xin had always felt that Long Haochen was the most talented person in the world, but the little girl may not have seen it before. Repair is also already five orders. Seeing that she handled Sima Xian's serene calmness, she clearly did not do her best. If she can really become a younger brother's girlfriend, it is absolutely a good thing."Sister, I'll go first." Caier came to Li Xin and whispered.Li Xin smiled and said: "Will you wait for him?""Come on. You are so powerful. I don't have to worry about your safety." Li Xin smiled."Hey, hey, hey." In all the people's eyes, the picker quietly went.In the next few days, Long Haochen could be said to be smooth sailing in the third group and he had no trouble. You don't even need to make a full moon appearance. Winning five wins. The two priests directly conceded defeat when faced with him. When Long Haochen strangled the Tujia giants, they saw very clearly. What kind of attacking force was they able to resist? The other three victories were all contributed by the assassins.In the group stage, each player had nine games. Long Haochen had already won seven games so far to basically ensure the qualifying qualification. In the final two days of the group stage, he will face the two strange little girls Wang Yuanyuan and Chen Yinger.In this group, Long Haochen and Huang Yi both showed strong strength, but it was not their attention that was most noticeable but the summoner's little girl Chen Yinger.After three consecutive defeats, she won three consecutive games. Her fighting method is very simple, is to summon the door of the soul. As Long Haochen judged, the girl couldn't be sure what she could summon. In the face of Huang Yi's first battle, her life in the door, suddenly drilled an eight-level high-level Green Dragon scared Huang Yi directly to lose. This girl immediately rose to the third group of the most uncertain factors. I ask them, who these young people who can balance with Warcraft 8?Wang Yuanyuan’s performance was also very eye-catching. She even got seven wins like Long Haochen. However, she has not encountered the strongest Long Haochen and Huang Yi so far. The last two rounds competed with them.Therefore, Long Haochen basically locked one qualifying place and another qualifying place will compete between Wang Yuanyuan and Huang Yi. Judging from the current performance, although Huang Yi is behind two games, he is still very likely to tie Wang Yuanyuan’s original seven wins. Moreover, as long as he defeats Wang Yuanyuan, he will be able to surpass each other’s Long Haochen went out with the line.The third group has a wonderful Random Summoner here. The second group there is still a more exotic, is Lin Xin.Seven games down, Lin Xin is a six-negative player. True, in addition to facing the bald-head priest Sima Xian lost his game due to time problems, his next six games were all tied with his opponent. Because although he will not attack, no one can break his defense. Even Li Xin, who has a rose unicorn, is the same. Unfortunately, the eighth day of the game is about to begin, and the opponent he faces today is picking children.In the second group, Caier was alone, with six wins and one loss in the seven matches. Li Xin also scored five wins, one draw and one loss with the strength of the rose unicorn. The defeated player lost to the soul temple. Summoner, but on the second day the Summoner was severely injured in the face of the child, resulting in a number of consecutive defeats. For this reason, the Spirit Temple also protested to the Assassin Temple. However, Is this useful?Komaki, the head of the herdsman, became the third place in this group, winning five wins and two losses in the seven games. The other game lost to Li Xin. The advantage of the rose unicorn is indeed too great, plus Li Xin himself is a disciplinary knight, and after the evolution of the rose unicorn after more than one actual battle, with more and more tacit understanding.The last two games of this group will face Lin Xin, a magician and a soldier who will not attack. Basically, the overall situation has been set, she will join hands with Li Xin.Li Xin is very clear that if she is not a child, she may not be able to succeed in this group. For this young girl who does not help her, she is more and more like it.In the past five days, Long Haochen did not make any more stories. He and his children had been accompanying each other every day. After all, they were still too young. Holding hands for a while was a very happy thing for them. There was not much talk between them but they were familiar with each other's atmosphere.Li Xin did not tell Long Haochen about the power of Caier. This was a personal matter between the little male and female friends. He allowed him to excavate himself.Long Haochen did not ask, because the first day of the game, Caier thought that Li Xin gave up. Long Yuchen thought that adopting blindness led her to not be able to fight on the battle, and her heart was even more compassionate.While eating breakfast, Li Xin quipped Long Haochen: "My younger brother, you send the children back every day. Where did you take her to play?In the same night of eating, it also seemed to Long Yuchen that Long Xinchen would not conceal him from the incident of his son Cai Xin, and told him about the strength of his son. Nightingale naturally will not oppose his baby apprentice to know the future star of the Assassin Temple. A blind woman, whose strength is so strong, is itself an exception. Not to mention the shortcomings of the nightmare's spiritual power in the first day of the night, which naturally led him to have some sympathy with Caier. Although he did not think it was a good thing for Long Haochen to find a girlfriend so early, what happened yesterday made him change his mind."Play? I just sent her back," said Long Haochen.Li Xin immediately opened his eyes and said, "No, brother. You just dated the girls so much? It's not too romantic. Even if it's because of the tight schedule, you can't bring people to play. Always ask her. Have a meal or something, exchange ideas and familiarize yourself with what is happening in her home.“Please ask her to eat?” Long Hao stayed in the morning. “But, I have no money.”He really did not have the money. His money, he filled the belly of Haoyue. After the evolving month, the appetite was even greater. He is really a gold coin in two and a half.Li Xin patted his forehead and said a silent face: "You silly younger brother, if you don't have money, you don't want to be with your sister? It's stupid to die. Give. While talking, draw a bag of gold coins from your arms and throw it away." To Long Haochen."Sister, I can't ask for your money. Long Haochen quickly wanted to return the moneybag.Li Xin looked at her eyes. "Why? Find you, ah, you. Quickly, your brother's sister's money is not what it should be? I have always treated you as my brother. Don't you think I am a pro-sister? If you dare to return, your sister will be angry and will ignore you later."I., Long Haochen didn't know what to say.Nightingale said: "Receive it. This is also for the sake of Hello. This child is a child girl, you have to be a bit better for others. If possible, wait until the end of the finals to hunt for the Moslem, as far as possible with her group. Yesterday, a mysterious old man found nights and talked with him for more than one hour.After the old man left, Nightingale was immersed in a feeling of crying and laughing for a long time. The giants of the temple came to him and told him that they should try to match up Long Xichen and Caier as much as possible.Although he didn't say it clearly, the meaning was also expressed. It was that the son of Xer was unusual for the Assassin Temple. If Long Haochen really could be with her, it would be beneficial to the friendship between the Knights Templar and the Assassin Temple.The two people can also promote each other.However, with the character of Nightingale, nature will not really give The apprentice is a matchmaker, and mentioning this sentence today is a sign of concealment that he does not oppose Long Haochen and Caier.With a good gold coin, Long Haochen's heart was suddenly a little more shameful, yes! I've known Chern for so long. She didn't even ask her to eat anything.Magic Trials Run the second set of venues.According to the draw, the first group that played in the second group today was Caier, and her opponent, who was shocked by Lin Xin."Caier Lin Xin, the two sides played. The referee shouted in the trial room.The child picks up slowly and stands up. Just as she is ready to go out, Lin Xin has already stood up and said loudly: "I would not give up.This is the first time since the start of the second set of games that they have not entered the stadium yet.Lin Xin smiled slightly at Caier's side. Although he knew that Cher was invisible, he still waved. For him, no matter how to enter the first sixteen, as it is, it would be better to be a good person. Send love to Caier. What's more, he doesn't think he can stop the child's attack.