Chapter 39 Blue Rain, Serenity of Light (below)Han owes a bit of a grimacing sigh: "Hey, this way, other equipment that I prepared for him can be a bit unresolvable."Yang Xiehan looked at him with deep eyes and said: “You just explained to me, how can you not figure it out yourself? We can’t help!” relying on his own efforts to move forward step by step and finally to surpass us. Yes, there is news on Xingyu's side?Han Yan sighed and shook his head and said: "Not yet. After his battle with Ananda, Ananda was seriously injured. He disappeared."Yang Xiaohan nodded and said, “Tell the relevant people and so on and list this matter as the top secret of this temple. In particular, you can't tell this boy of the morning. I don’t want his affection to be affected. The letter Yu Xingyu left to me said that if He could not come back after a battle with Ananda and he could not tell him until he broke through seven steps in the morning."Han sighed and said: "I really don't understand why Dragon Hall has to challenge the seventh devil. He can absolutely not promise that challenge."Yang Xiaohan shook his head and said, "No, he must go. This is his responsibility. If you can break through to nine steps in your lifetime, you will know what the responsibility is. Continue to let the following people investigate Ananda injuries. Case.""Yeah." Han Yan nodded in response.Yang Shuhan's heart sighs, Xingyu and Xingyu, why didn't you tell us in this letter that this little girl was actually a bright child? Is it to give us a surprise? Rest assured, no matter what happens to you, I will help you to see your son. Help him become the next one. No, it will even surpass you. The son of light, perhaps, has the possibility of sitting on the first king of India.Bathed in the golden infiltration and blue nourishment, Long Hao Chen gradually entered a strange state, vaguely felt something in his body, the whole person seems to be soaked in warm spring water, say no Out of comfort.Do not know how long, Long Hao Chen gradually wake up. He was surprised to find that he was standing at the entrance to the Valley outside the Spirit Valley, not far ahead, is the rippling golden haze."Huh?" Long Hao Chen subconsciously look to his right hand.The right hand is empty but his arms still hold a high position.What about the sword? What about my blue rain and hibiscus?Long Haochen immediately looked anxious at each week.The sword did not find it, but saw one.Yang Shaohan looked at him with a smile. "Don't look for it. It's in your body.""In my body?" Long Haochen was surprised to see Yang Yihan, "Grandpa Yang, what's going on?"Yang Xiaohan smiled and said: “This is a sword of miracles. Given your excellent performance in the preliminary round, we decided to let you try the Cavaliers’ Temple to pass it. As a result, you know it, you passed it, so It's yours."Long Haochen doubted: "What did you say about it entering my body?"Yang Xiaohan smiled and said: "Don't worry, I will tell you everything I know about Blue Rain and Hibiscus of Light."“What power does this sword have, even I don’t know it? Because it has never been used since the day it was made. But according to the research of the temple in these years, it is certain that this is a Spirit device."Long Haochen was surprised and said: "Spirit device? What is a spiritual device?"Yang Xiaohan said: “The spirit device is a psychic weapon. I believe you have also accepted it. Yes, it is the assessment of its sword spirit. Although the sword spirit does not have a real intelligence, but there is Its instinct is that there is a limitless possibility for a weapon that possesses an imaginative spirit.Blue Rain and Light Hibiscus have unlimited potential, but you should also know that the more powerful weapons and equipment you need to use it, the more powerful it is. This sword does not need this, because it will grow with your growth, and now it should already be integrated with your body, its own power will nourish your body, and your spiritual power is also It will bred it to grow. Simply put, this is an evolutionary weapon. You can look inside and look inside."Long Haochen heard this quickly and concentrating on God's inner vision. This inner vision does not matter. He immediately noticed a strange change in the body.There was no change in the original rotating Holy Spirit and its own liquid spiritual power, and the spiritual power that was exhausted when examined was fully restored. The strange thing is that just above the Holy Spirit Stove, there is a miniature mini-sword that hangs. Look at that. Isn't it blue rain or hibiscus?A touch of gold and blue glowed with soft blue and gold brilliance. The inner vision sensor of Long Haochen immediately discovered that the blue rain and the hibiscus of light bathed in its own liquid spirit and seemed to faintly absorb its liquid state. Spiritual power absorbs only a small amount, and it is nourished by spiritual power.The blue and golden light it emits itself spreads slowly and diffuses into every corner of its own body, stimulating its own body to produce a warm and warm feeling. This feeling is very slight, if it is not concentrating on it, it is a discovery. Can not, but he vaguely felt that this light seems to enhance their own body.“The most needed of life is light and water. For plants, as long as there is light and water, they can survive. While human needs are more, but light and water are also the most needed by the human body. According to our many years of research. And judging it, it should help strengthen your own external spiritual power, but it needs a subtle process, not just overnight."Yang Shuhan's voice was heard in Long Chenchen's ears, and he was awakened from his state of concentration.When he opened his eyes, Long Haochen slowly raised his right hand. The idea was to contact the Xiaojian on the Holy Spirit. It was only a slight movement of the spirit. Immediately, the light flashed. There was already a dragon-shaped hilt in his hands. The blade is like a spit out from the mouth of a hilt. The golden light shines.In the match, when the blue rain and the Hibiscus of light reappear, Long Yuchen’s first feeling is that it fits. The feeling when he first gripped the sword was completely different. At this moment, he only felt that the sword was like a part of his body. Some strange and mysterious things are slowly appearing in their consciousness. It seems that this sword is telling themselves what.Yang Xiaohan smiled and said, “Go back. Gradually realize that the 16th final of tomorrow will begin. The old man wishes you good results.”"Tomorrow?" Long Haochen was surprised in his heart, "doesn't it mean that you can rest for two days after the end of the group stage?"Yang Xiaohan smiled: "Little one, you have been here for three days now. Do you think it is so easy to integrate with a spirit device? You can finish it in three days, and you have proven that your fit with it is quite amazing. Yes, you have the teacher on the other side of the temple to inform you that there is no need to worry.”It's been three days? Long Haochen dared to bid farewell to Yang Haohan under the guidance of Yang Haohan, and he re-entered the huge light gate.The light flashed through the wall and Long Haochen had already returned to the small hall of the Holy Mongolian Treasure Pavilion.There are no shadows appearing around the empty. Long Haochen had already understood at this time that I am afraid there is no need for any guards here. Without special means, it is impossible to enter the Treasure Pavilion.In fact, any temple that qualifies for entry into the Holy Mongolian Treasure Pavilion to take care of the temple will also be inspecting several people.Walking out of the Treasure Pavilion, the outsiders are still guarded by the two men, but they are not one fat and two thin ones. But the two middle-aged men who looked human and animal harmlessly clothed. At most it is the look of forties. Both of them kindly smiled at Long Haochen.Are they really harmless to humans and animals? Long Haochen was careful to explore their situation, but suddenly discovered that the feeling of the two middle-aged people was actually quiet and distant, and it seemed that he had no ability and he seemed to be profound.It is the headquarters of the Holy League! In this holy city, I really do not know how many strong people are.After Long Haochen hurriedly salutes two middle-aged people, this quickly departed."Master." Han Yu's voice sounded and he welcomed it from one side."You have been waiting for me?" Long Haochen looked at him in surprise.Han Yu nodded and said: "I'm your cavalier from the Cavaliers, naturally have to follow you." Obviously, he has completely set his position.Long Haochen smiled in the sunshine and said nothing. He returned to the hotel with Han Yu.Something depressing Long Haochen was that both the teacher and the sister were practicing in the room. In fact, he most wanted to ask Li Xin how to pick the children these days. Can not bother them to practice. In desperation, he can only return to the room. He also practices himself. With regard to Hibiscus Ray, he still has a lot to understand, but how else can he use his power?Nightingale knocked on the door of Long Haochen.Seeing the teacher again, Long Haochen was shocked. Because he was surprised to find that the original gloomy face on the teacher's face disappeared completely, but there is a feeling of high spirits. It seems that even in this short period of time, I was ten years young.Evening smile, the lines of muscles on his face seem to be no longer stiff, "I broke through, and I finally broke through 3000 spiritual strength. Before, I always liked hypnosis to tell myself how talent is not important. These days, I realized for the first time the importance of talent in cultivation, and with so many years of savings, I have finally had a chance to build up."No, no." Long Haochen was a little ashamed. "Teacher, this is what I should do. I can help you."Nightingale smiled and said, “Well, we don’t say anything polite among the teachers and the students. These are your teacher’s ancestors. When you finish this game, the teacher will stay in the Holy City to follow your teacher’s ancestor. Practice, and you have to join the hunting demons to experience. These equipment will be very useful to you."