Thirty-eighth palm Talented suppression sharing (center)The brightest son is stronger and stronger, and only he is strong. The role that night can play can help all six temples!This night of crying, that is, a full quarter of an hour, cry eyes red, wet Long Yao morning shoulders of the clothes. It was hard for him to gradually restrain his emotions.Turning around, he groaned and collapsed down in front of Han Yan. "The Paladin grows, thank you."Han Yan smiled and shook his head. "I don't thank you. If you don't want to give up, you don't have to go back to Yuecheng. Then follow me. The old man is willing to teach you the experience of many years of cultivation."It was a generation of devils who wisely spent the night. They rushed to worship again. "The disciples meet the master."Han Yan smiled and lifted him up with both hands. “It’s the old man who has taken up your cheap money. The future of you will surely become a dazzling new star in the Knights’ Temple. I’m afraid the achievement will not be under your baby apprentice. ."Long Haochen saw that the teacher had paid tribute to Shijing and hurried forward, reverently saying: “The disciple Long Haochen met with Shizu.”Han Yan called a complacent, he was a hearty character, suddenly very no image of laughing. Han Yu on the side looked at this scene, and a hint of haze that was still in the heart was gone. Not to mention that his main knight is Grandpa’s grandson, but Long Haochen’s talent to suppress sharing directly raised his talent to 80 points, and he’s already let him consider if he should discuss with his grandfather. It's time for the Cavaliers to extend their time.It seems that the nighttime spiritual power has increased by more than 40 in the first few days, and the benefits are greatest. In fact, Han Yu’s benefits even exceed him.The original spiritual power of the original Han Yu is 63. Although it is already a genius, it is still difficult to become a God Knight in the future. In the chronicle of the Knights Templar, the spiritual powers that can become the knights of the gods and the Indians almost all exceeded seventy. If there is no such talent, it will take several times of hard work to be possible.Spiritual power within the first seventy days, is the Angel of Light constitution, the first spiritual power within eighty days is a sacred blessing constitution. In other words, under the dragon's talent repression and sharing, he directly increased his talent by two grades. As long as you don't die, breaking the 9th order is only a matter of time! How can Han Yu not be excited? What became a knight from a knight? Talents such a huge increase, even if it is worthy of being a knight from twenty years!"I didn't expect that there was so much to gain from this trip. Haha." Han Yan was proud of this: "Well, just talk about the right thing. You early morning, before you got the top ten rankings in the preliminary stage. According to the rules, The temple is to reward you with a weapon. I listen to you in the third group. We at the Knights Templar watch that your weapon is badly damaged. In this case, you will go ahead and pick up the Knights Templar for you. The prizes."“The weapon rewarded by the temple is to see your luck. Tomorrow morning, Han Yu will take you to the Temple Treasure Pavilion and he will tell you what to do. Anyway, you have now identified the location of the third group of titles, tomorrow. No need to participate in the competition.Your teacher worshipped me as a teacher, and you became my grandson.When the old man returns, he will also prepare a greeting ceremony for you and send you tomorrow. How can my grandson Han Yan be able to Didn't even the equipment go? Xiao Yu, from now on, you are the morning of the morning, how do you understand how to freeze."Han Yu hurriedly said respectfully: "Yes, Grandpa. I must study hard to the master and won't let you down again."Han Yan left, and Nightingale couldn't wait to practice in the room. Long Haochen brought Han Hao back to his room."Han brother, you see this is good or bad, after you call my name. Always call my master, I feel a bit awkward." Long Hao Chen is very earnest to Han Yu said.Han Yu immediately shook his head firmly and said: "This is how it works. The ceremony is not obsolete. I'm your cavalier from the Cavaliers and naturally call you the master." He is now determined to mix with Long Hao in the future. Bright son! Follow him too promisingly. Han Yu is now admiring Grandpa’s admiration. Grandpa’s vision is too strong. It is glory, not shame, to become the son of light.Long Haochen persuaded for a long time, Han Yu said nothing refused. In desperation, he had to arrange a place for him to let him live first.Early the next morning, Han Yu took Long Haochen away to go to the Treasure House. Before leaving, Long Haochen told Li Xin to tell her that she might come back late so that she would not wait for him.The Temple of the Treasure House is part of the SAM trial grounds. Like the big test field, it is also jointly run by the six temples.The Treasure Pavilion is located behind the trial grounds of the Saint-Miles, a place that does not seem to be the norm.From the outside, this is just an ordinary hexagonal building, and the area seems to be hundreds of square meters. At best, it's like a luxury home.In front of the door, two old men in commoners are sitting there chatting on the chairs. It looks very relaxed.“Two older generations invited. The younger Han Yu, the hero of Feng Hanyan, took the temple to the earth and the dragons and dragons to come and select prizes.” Han Yu respectfully bowed.Long Haochen did not dare to neglect and saw him with the two old men.The two old men were fat and thin. The old fat man had some baldness, he had a big belly, and his upper body was untied, and he was open-minded.The lean old man is like a bamboo pole. Look like it looks as if a wind can blow it."Uh, token," the thin man said lightly.Han Yu rushed past and handed a token.The thin old man nodded and said, "You are waiting here, Long Haochen, you come with me.""Yes." Long Haochen promised to say a word, followed the thin old man walking to the inside of the treasure Pavilion, Han Yu is standing still at the door.The lean old man brings Long Haochen into the Treasure Pavilion. As soon as he entered the gate, Long Haochen carefully observed one of the most important places in this holy city.The hall inside the Treasure Pavilion is very small, only about 100 square meters. On the central ground, it is a hexagonal pattern that occupies the entire ground.The front door is closed, and the six walls are around. Each wall has a huge stroke.The main characters of the strokes are people, six walls, six people. From the point of view of their dress, it is the professionals who belong to the six major temples. The people on these six paintings look very young. Among them, the Priest Temple and the Spirit Temple are women.The lean old man came to the center of the hall where the six-pointed star stopped and turned around and looked at Long Haochen's eyes. "Humbling, said:" It turns out you were Long Haochen. Did not see any good place. ”Long Hao Chen stunned for a moment, "predecessors, you know me?"The lean old man was very impolite: "I don't know." After he finished this sentence, his foot was slightly moved, and he stepped down in the direction of the knight's wall in the six-pointed star.Long Haochen did not feel any spiritual power fluctuations, but the knight's wall was already lit.The thin old man lifted his right hand, vaguely in the morning, Long Haochen saw something in his hand resembling a micro-chapter, flashing toward the wall of the knight's side. Suddenly, the halo of the wall circulated and the knights above seemed to be alive."The Knights Templar, took over." The thin old man shouted. Suddenly lifted one foot and kicked in the dragon's morning butt.His action was so fast that Long Haochen did not react at all. He just felt that his body was awkward and he couldn't even push his spiritual strength. The whole man had gone directly to the wall with the knight's mark and flew away. .Long Haochen was almost shouted when he was shocked. When he thought that his body was in full pain at the very least, suddenly, everything around him became illusory, and his body disappeared into the wall.Looking at the wall with the knight's pattern, the lean old man blew two times. “The fourteen-year-old knights of the earth are barely strong. They haven't seen anything particularly good. They have lost, and they have lost. Then how can that gimmick be? Hey, is it really cheaper for the Knights of the Knights? I really want to pinch this boy."As he spoke, he returned from a leisurely walk and smiled before the old man sitting across from him. "How is it?"The thin old man gave him a look. "Not very good. Not worthy of my family."Fat man laughed and said: "You don't tell me, you should talk to Yang."The lean old man sat down again and looked at Han Yu, who did not look sideways, and whispered, saying: “Look sooner or later with Yang’s old man. After all my life, that old thing actually occupies me cheaper. The bunny rabbits under him accounted for me as much as this."The old man smiled and said: "I have to say a fair word. It is not for Yang's old man. What is the relationship with Yang and the old man?"The skinny old man's face suddenly turned bizarre. "You're talking about this, but I'm a little cool. The old man's grandson is not as good as it was. Haha, a few days ago, the stinky kid was almost dumped by my girl." You didn’t see the wonderful look that Yang’s old man had when he came to me.Haha, for so many years, for the first time, he saw him eating so thin. But when the old man hadn’t felt this for a while, he heard that this was actually just for the smelly smell. What's the matter with the kid? I'm like the assassin temple, which is like the Knights Templar."Han Yu stood up and listened with an ear. In a vague, he had already heard a few clues.At this moment, the thin old man fiercely turned back, "Listen to what I heard, and roll away." With a wave of his hand, Han Yu only felt an overwhelming response. The whole person flew out of the dozens of meters.