Chapter 39 Blue Rain, Serenity of Light (I)That pure? Although the extreme Soviet program fluctuates only - flashes, but with a strong sense. He still instantly remembered that direction.There are a total of ten roads in the road he blew. "The direction he remembers is the third from the left.Did not hesitate again. Long Haochen stood up and strode toward the third road to fry.Less than a hundred meters into the winding road, the feeling that appeared before appeared again and again, yes, that is the direction. Long Haochen thought in his heart that there were so many elements of dragging and waving of light elements, naturally it was the purpose of my trip.Continue for a while. When he turned a corner, suddenly. There was a flash of strange light in the decoction.This light door is not quite the same as the one he sent here. It is relatively small. About two meters high. One meter wide, oval. Light door. Exudes a faint golden glow. But the edge is aqua blue.Do I want to step into this light? Long Haochen stopped.Standing in the light of the door, he immediately felt that the fluctuation of the set of pure light elements of the decoction was transmitted from this light door. It is not just continuous dissemination. It appears from time to time without any rules.As a matter of light. Long Haochen had a great affinity for the light element by nature, not only the light element to him, but also to the light element. As long as he feels that there is a light element, his subconscious will rule out dangerous situations.After a moment of hesitation. Long Hao took a deep breath and stepped into the light door.This time. He didn't feel any discomfort until he felt a soft glow all around, just a flash. He was only able to feel a real drag, and in the next moment, everything in illusion turned back to reality.This is a cave. Surrounded by irregular rocks. Step into this. Long Haochen had just felt that he had returned to the real world and became dreamlike.A blue and gold light suddenly shines," illuminating the entire cave.Blue is like the vast sea, full of beauty and blue crystal beauty.The golden morning sun is "warm, bright and full of vigor but not dazzling. It is a great vitality and a bright night to drive away the night."Long Haochen's eyes were instantly blurred, and the two colors to the pure are so beautiful that the beauty makes him immersed. Especially when he saw it at a glance, he only felt that he had returned to the moment his father had helped him to accomplish the sacred awakening. The liquid spiritual power in the body also spontaneously radiated out, causing his body to flicker.His entrance seems to have scared the gold and blue that fills the entire cavern, and the light of both colors pauses at the same time. But the feeling they passed to Long Haochen was completely different.The blue light is with crystals and temptation, and the golden light is after a brief pause. A strong intimacy emerged immediately. Suddenly rushed toward Long Haochen.Long Haochen did nothing before. Just standing there silently. Gold shines. When his body is covered by that golden light. He only felt that his whole body had become warmer, and the speed at which the spiritual power of the body was operating increased sharply.Although at this time he could not see everything around him. There was only this golden color in front of her eyes, but the increasingly strong intimacy made Dragon's heart full of satisfaction.He felt the truth of light. Feeling the endless pure light, the entire people are immersed in it.Vaguely. Long Haochen's body became transparent gradually under this gold coating. Let the golden light pass through and circle in his body.If someone sees this collection, it will be a shocking exclamation.The body of glory, knight seven symbolic and powerful. Incarnation is light and fusion with light.At this time, the dragon's morning honor is only five steps, and it is just stepped into the fifth order. But he did it. Even the full version of the glorified body. Nor can the light from outside be easily passed through. But he did it.This is the body of the child of light, his affinity for light, and he has absolute trust in all elements of light. The light element also regards him as the master of light and the children of the god of light. kind. Soft, full of endless intimacy.Do not know how long it took, then the golden light quietly receded. Long Haochen’s body also returned to normal. However, it is at this time. The sense of crisis suddenly came.Suddenly opened his eyes, Long Haochen saw a blue figure.He could not help but be shocked to see this figure. Because, this blue figure looks exactly like him. Only the body is transparent blue. The powerful pressure suddenly emerged from the body that seemed to be blue and condensed. The next moment. He has already raised his arms. Two blue epaulets extended from their hands and raided.At this moment, Long Hao Chen did not even have any weapons and equipment. And he just woke up from the wonderfulness of the fried. Subconsciously inspired the wrists of the Emerald Bracers, a layer of holy masks rise, pale golden light blocking the blue glare.The huge impact force of the Dragons drew back immediately from the pair of blue epee and launched a lightning thorn. It was like a rain hitting the ball. Just one second. The shroud is broken. The blue radiance rubs up and goes straight to Long Haochen.With this short-term buffer, Long Haochen was able to reflect this and his hands were also on both sides of the body. Two slightly slender golden swords appeared in his grasp.This is a weapon that is converted into spiritual power. Although he did not even know what was attacking himself, he felt that he could feel that he was facing himself at this time. Under such circumstances, how can the non-talented weapons resist?Ning Cheng Chengbing refers to the blade of soldiers that has been fused with spiritual power. Only after he reaches the fifth level can he accomplish it. Long Haochen is now only a dragging Cavalier level and is still very reluctant to use. Moreover, condensing souls will consume a great deal of their spiritual power, and it will not be easy to use. With his light and almost physique. The condensed slivers of these two handles also consumed more than 500 points of spiritual power. And during the battle, spiritual power will continue to consume.In the face of the blue glorious lightning thorn, Long Haochen moved with a pair of fine swords. The golden brilliance flashed, and he broke the sword with his sword. Without using any skill, he blocked all the blue glory.The blue glory seems to only strike lightning like this attack, the speed increases sharply, and thousands of blue sword shadows are like a mercury rush.at this moment. Long Haochen only felt that he had returned to the original ant crypt. The two swords fluttered up and down in the hands, but the entire people's mind remained in a calm state. Let the opponent's attack speed be so swift, he stopped one by one.Long Haochen found out that the attacking power of the other side was not so strong. He could easily resist with the help of condensing soldiers.However, although Long Haochen did not use any skills. His own spiritual power is still rapidly being consumed. According to this situation, it seems that it is not very profitable.Huh? at this time. Long Haochen suddenly discovered some strange dragging parties. His perception is much higher than that of ordinary people. He resists the blue brilliance and turbulent attacks and observes the other person's ability.He found. The blue glimmering color seems to be a lot darker. With every attack. Its body will be even more dim.During this time, he participated in the selection of extremes in the hunting demon group. Long Haochen also experienced a lot of competitions, winning and losing. Especially when facing a strong opponent. He played an extremely important role in increasing his actual combat experience.Long Haochen realized that in the battle, not only should he constantly pay attention to his own situation, it is even more important to pay attention to the situation of the enemy. Instead of observing the enemy's offensive skills, it is the enemy's body and the enemy's spiritual strength. He is also gradually developing this habit of observation.The glory of the blue glory for the first time, the power is obviously the most tyrannical, but when he broke his mask, his attack power seemed to drop a lot.It is obviously impossible for the Holy Mask to hurt the other person. Then, why does its attack force suddenly drop? What was your situation at the time?Such a association. Long Haochen discovered the mystery.The intensity of this blue-spirited spiritual power seems to be almost the same as that of oneself, and its spiritual power is decreasing. Its spiritual power will also fall. Before his own use of condensate into soldiers, his spiritual power consumption, so it's spiritual power is also reduced, attack power has naturally been affected. This is also true at this time.That being the case, I only need pure defense!At the time of Long Haochen's thinking, all of a sudden, the blue brilliance stammered slightly. The body brush took off into the air. Rapid rotation, it is the battle to kill round sword.Does it replicate my skills? Long Hao morning was shocked. He will fight and kill the round sword himself, naturally knowing how strong this skill is after it has exerted his power.However, at this time, Long Haochen laughed. At the same time as his feet rapidly receded, the spell in his mouth sang hurriedly and his hands and gold swords lifted up.In this moment, his powerful spiritual power suddenly broke out. Heart is divided into three uses.On the left-handed light sword, the amines shed three rings of light, faith, protection, and aura. Right above the light sword. It is a bright white light, and it is the holy sword.The repair is to be raised to the fifth order and when the Holy Sword is used again. He doesn't need a spell anymore. He just needs to use the Sword to save his energy.With this month, the Holy Light Mask on Emerald Bracers was released. Blocked the first blow of the blue figure.While quickly receding. The spell in Longyin Chen’s mouth has also been completed quickly, and the angel wishes.