Chapter IV Quasi-Knight Assessment (1)"Yes." The two young knights did not dare to refute half-heartedly and replied with a loud voice.The girl stretched out her right hand to Long Haochen and said: "My little brother, my name is Li Xin. I will take you to see Uncle Nalan."Long Haochen was overjoyed and took Li Xin's hand and said, "Thank you, my sister, my name is Long Haochen."Li Xin's palm is strong and slender, while the palm of his hand is obviously a bit rough. Obviously he is often trained by swords. And Long Haochen’s hand in her palm was another kind of feeling. Among his peers, Long Haochen’s hand was very slender, but Li Xin felt that his hand was very soft and was very comfortable to hold.As soon as you enter the House of Haoyue, Long Yuchen first feels like a quaint atmosphere. The ground was covered with grayish slate, and a total of twelve massive pillars supported the entire hall. In front of the hall, there are six huge stone chairs. Each stone chair has a height of ten feet. It is carved with many patterns never seen before in the morning."Sister, what is that?" Long Haochen asked curiously, pointing to six stone chairs.Li Xin’s eyes suddenly became solemn. “That is the throne of God that symbolizes the supreme honor of our knight’s temple. Only the Lord of the Knights and the Knights of India can have one of them. The younger brother, the knight of the gods, do you know that? The knight's highest rank, the ninth class career, and each of the knights and goddess of India are legendary. They are said to have individually challenged the strength of the top ten devils in the 72 column."For the first time, Long Yinchen, the title of the Knight of the Seal of India, heard for the first time. Xingyu never told him anything about the Knights of God."How strong are the sisters and the knights of God and India? Why do they call the knights?"Li Xindao said: “It is because they have a miraculous seal and they are recognized by the Holy Seal of India to be a Knight of God! You should not think that this is just a few chairs, and each king of India is a real artifact, above. There is a mark left by God. My goal is to become a Knight of India one day."Long Haochen doubted: "However, there are only six of these gods and India's seals. How can I do it?"Li Xin laughs and eats. "Stupid boy, how can it be so easy! What do you think of the sacred warrior? Let me tell you this: The Knights Templar is currently only three Knights of India. It is too difficult and difficult to become a Knight of India."As she said, Li Xin had already walked up to the second floor with Long Haochen. From the outside, she saw that the temple was very high. Actually, because it was very high on every floor, it was only three stories.The two went into a spacious room on the second floor. Li Xin said: “This is where Uncle Nalan is working. It was early. He hasn’t come to the branch yet. It should be fast.”As she said, Li Xin sang a low voice, and her face was mysteriously heard in the ear of Long Haochen: “I should call you younger brother Long Ye Chen, or little sister?”"Ah?" Long Haochen was shocked and looked at her.Li Xin smiled and said, "Don't install it. At the beginning, I was easy to come out and ran out of the house and mixed into the Knights' Temple. Otherwise, they wouldn't accept us. You're like your sister, right? How can a man be? Looks like you are so beautiful? However, in a few years, waiting for you to grow, and here like a sister bulging up it can not cover up.While she was talking, she also pulled Long Haochen's hand on her bulging chest.Despite wearing soft armor, the feeling of soft bullets under Soft Armor couldn't be transferred to Long Haochen's hand instantly. He had no intention of saying what he had intended to refute, and a small face was flushed.Ever since he had a memory, even if it was not so close to her mother! Although he did not understand what the man meant to touch the woman's chest, the subconscious shyness was instantly released and the shy face seemed to bleed."Yeah, so shy! Little sister, you're so cute. Rest assured, afterwards, we will take good care of you in our house." As she said, Li Xin chuckled and squeezed Long Haochen's Little face.Long Haochen reacted. "My elder sister, I am a man, not a little sister..." At this time, his hand was also pressed by Li Xin on his chest. The feeling of blood on his brain made his voice not loud."Huh?" Li Xin moaned. "Are you a boy?"Long Haochen desperately nodded his head and pulled his hand back. It was like a child who had made a mistake and generally withdrew a few steps backwards.Li Xin said with some distress: "But how can your hand be so soft? Is it still so beautiful? Is it really an oolong? Loss, touched. Little brother, you say how you pay me."She had been going out before, just to see Long Haochen at the door. At first glance, she immediately thought about the situation in which she had first entered the knight's sanctuary and immediately brought him in. At this point they found themselves engaged in Oolong, or took the initiative to pull the hand of the little boy's hand and touched him. Isn't that what Xiao Zheng is? Li Xin's feelings of depression do not mention it. Fortunately, this boy looks only ten years old."I don't know, I don't know." Long Haochen said honestly, but in the heart he thought it was you who took my hand and touched it. I didn't want to touch it!Li Xin's face burst into a white blush, and after a long while she was helpless: "Well, it's cheaper for you, this little guy. However, you have to keep me secret! You mustn't let anyone know. After that, I'm your sister. The sister touched her brother and it didn't seem to be."Can sneak out from home to choose to be a knight, the girl's character can be imagined, nerves she quickly found himself a crappy reason, it is not entangled."Chuner, what are you doing for me?" At this moment, a buzzing sound began to sound.Long Haochen and Li Xin looked at each other at the same time and saw a giant come in.That's right, it's a monster. The height is at least two meters away, and it's definitely an eight-foot waistline. Walking in such a solid building in the House of Haoyue, it seems that the ground is trembling."Uncle Nalan, you really should lose weight, or else you will move to the first floor. Otherwise, one day we will break this house from the inside of it." Li Xin said no good manners.The "male man" who came here naturally was the master of the temple in the temple of Haoyue.Narendra didn't bother to hear her. He smiled and said: “I have a lot of meat when I drink water. Hey, is this little girl you brought in? Your relatives?”"I am a man." Misunderstood by Li Xin forget, who let people touch their own people, but this fat uncle also said so, Long Hao Chen's heart of anger can not resist, and immediately shouted out loud.“Huh?” Nalan moaned, and Li Xinqiang endured the smile and said the purpose of Long Haochen’s trip."What kind of letter, bring me to see." Nalan Lan extended his hand to Long Haochen.Long Hao took a deep breath in the morning and calmed the depression in his heart. This took a letter from his arms and handed it to Nalan's hand.When he opened the letter, Nalan Yi looked very casually, but he only glanced at him, and his face suddenly changed dramatically. Even the body was upright and straight, and the letter looked solemn and respectful.