Chapter 41 Unusual, Assassin Queen (I)This pod plant grows out of a total of four, this is the next twelve green beans.And "Aside from the female summoner, a yellow plant grows quickly. This thing is a bit strange and looks like a coral. Only when it grows, a yellow mist will pop out.This fog has no direct attack power, but the plant that has been contaminated by it all is like crazy growth and crazy attacks.A series of strange sounds sounded, Yang Wenzhao naturally will not be hit by those beans, but every one of his punctured beans is a splash of juice, his defense is not in the water, the body suddenly contaminated less.These green liquids are fragrant with plants and do not have toxins, but they are extremely viscous. After contaminating some of them, Yang Wenzhao suddenly felt that his actions had become sluggish.In all the previous games, only Yang Wenzhao suppressed others, and when he was suppressed by others? This feeling in front of him is not only unfamiliar to him, but also extremely unhappy.On the main chalk table, Han Min looked at Ling Di Sanshui, sitting not far to the side, surprised and said: “This girl is good! The speed of summoning is so fast. The staff in her hands should not be anything. .",Sanshui grunted and said: "Don't lose. Make an excuse. Xiao Mo This girl has a strong affinity for plants. He is said to have a certain genie lineage. No matter how good the staff is, people who want to use it will do well.""I'm afraid it's very difficult to lose!” said Han Xiao, shaking his head with a smile. “This girl is good, but it's impossible to win this game. Wen Zhao is the most favorable for us to fight for the first place in the Knights Templar. Candidates."Sitting next to Sanshui, Lin Chen suddenly stuck his head out and said: "Oh, I remember saying that you had a player in the Knights Templar who was stabbed seriously. It wouldn't be him."Sanshui suddenly laughed and laughed very openlyHan Yu looked shameful: "Kobayashi, hit the face right.Lin Chen said with a smile: "I'm so scared! "The shadowy winds sit on the side of the road and says lightly: “Even if Yang Wenzhao’s kid was injured, it was done by the people of our Assassin’s Temple. What kind of fun would you have. I’m afraid that this quarter’s top four is probably not visible. Your magic temple."Six of the three temples are close to three magic, and there is some competition between them. Naturally close combat, magic spells.The following contestants naturally cannot think that these big men actually would bicker, and Yang Wenzhao in the field broke out at this time.The Plant Summoner across the road was even more difficult than he imagined. The surrounding plants suddenly became mad. There were red spikes that didn't know when they came to attack, plus the sticky green on them. Liquid, so that Yang Wenzhao some rage.The strong golden light momentarily rises from Yang Wenzhao's body. At this moment, his inner spiritual power not only goes out to the outside, but also presents a flaming fire. The hot Golden Mount rises from him. The green mucus that had restricted his speed disappeared in an instant." The thorns that surround it all enter the flame and are all reduced to ashes.Long Haochen was surprised by the fact that this skill was also recorded in the line of inheritance that his father left him. However, he has not yet cultivated. According to the comments left by his father, this skill requires five or more levels of spiritual power to use.The light and the fire are separated from each other, and the fire of the sun is burning. It is a pure flame of light, and the temperature is extremely high. The fire of light burst out of its own liquid spirit, burning all the darkness and the energy of corrosion. For disciplinary knights, it has a great effect.This skill is also a kind of cheat, and it must be learned by all fifth-order knights.This skill is extremely powerful, including three major effects: attack, defense, and repelling negative effects. However, behind the powerful power, its consumption is also huge. It takes two hundred fluid powers to activate this skill, and it takes thirty mental powers for every last breath. Even a fifth-order knight, when using it, Can't hold on for too long.There is no doubt that "the fire is the most lethal to the plants. Although the iron thorns become crazy under the stimulation of the yellow fog, they can only wither in the face of this bright fire."Yang Wenzhao issued a loud shout in his mouth, toes, and once again raided. The fiery light of fire burned all the melee plants. The two swords in his hands only needed to resist the still spiky red spikes. Moreover, with the burning of a bright fire, the power of that spike is greatly reduced.The female summoner who is hidden in the plants seems a little panicked. Since she can accurately hit Yang Wenzhao's position, she can naturally feel the speed of his surprise attack.A series of incantations resembling violent beans spewed out of her mouth, and the staffs pointed to the ground. Two cherries like fire-red plants grew rapidly, and her own body suddenly moved at high speed.A closer look reveals that she didn’t know when she had a vine, and the source of this vine was released from the sun’s magical summoning side. At this time, the vine pulled her body to escape. The iron thorns naturally opened a path, the speed was actually faster than Yang Wenzhao's surprise.Just as she moved out, Yang Wenzhao had already reached her former position, and at a glance she saw the plants still spraying spikes and the few pods.What about people? Yang Wenzhao was slightly surprised, but his hand could not be slow, and the two-handed epee swept away with the plants in front of him with a fiery light of fire.Although the power of these plants is very large, but the defense is much worse, suddenly like a hot knife into the butter, instant broken.Yang Wenzhao's plan is very clear, his opponent is only a fourth-order summoner, spiritual power is limited, but it is not a liquid spirit. As long as her summons are destroyed as much as possible, she also loses the capital to compete with herself.Just as he swept away the attacking plants, two huge red fruits appeared in his sight. The two red fruits have already swelled to the size of a pumpkin and are still expanding at an alarming rate.A sense of crisis quietly upper body. Yang Wenzhao quickly retreat face, both swords waved, two light swords form a cross-headed cross, to the red fruit to go.Hey, sometimes "some people are relatively owed...In the case of Long Haochen, it may not be possible to bring out the two swords because the danger has already been felt and it is the most correct to stay away.However, Yang Wenzhao was a pure disciplinary knight. "The attack has already gone deep into the bone marrow, so he was in a tragedy...The huge roar made the entire knight's trial room tremble violently. Everyone was stunned to see that a cloud of mushrooms rose from the position of the middle of the thorns in the thorns of iron.The female Summoner, who had long been hiding, subconsciously removed the cloak on his head, and revealed a beautiful face that should be appropriate for Yuki, spit out his tongue. “The power of this irascible cherry is really not small. It will not be killed. Him?"On the main chalk stand in the distance, Han Hong stood up. Not only him, but the big-name spectators also followed. Because they all know what Yang Wenzhao's true identity is, before being stabbed by the assassin's sanctuary, the Cavaliers' Temple has been attacked. If there is a good battle, I'm afraid..."Sanshui!" Han Biao cried out in anger.Sanshui mother-in-law's facial muscles twitched. "I don't really know this. When will this skull call out this kind of thing? I didn't teach her!""Keke, Keke..." A continuous cough came from the field. A devastating figure emerged from the thorns of the iron.He was so eager that he could not help but that the beautiful armor had become charred black, the helmet was blown up, the hair was curled up by the explosion, and the arms and body armor were damaged. Bleeding traces, his face was black and red. Seeing like that, it's almost like a lonely encounter."I, I..." Yang Wenzhao's depression at this time was almost impossible to describe in words. If he doesn't use swords, the irresistible cherries that can only explode in place may not hurt him. However, he is the equivalent of direct detonation. Although he was already retreating, the explosive power of this irascible cherry was indeed strong. Fortunately, he still had a bright fire on his body, and he had no time to wield all his swords to protect his life. Otherwise, I am afraid that this dramatic explosion will really hit him.However, even if this is the case, then he is nowhere in the body without pain. Looking at the opposite girl, his eyes are full of anger.The reappearance of the golden light, a rise of the Holy Light Mask, does not mean that the Knights of Corrections will not have any treatment or auxiliary skills. The Holy Mask is an essential healing skill for every knight.A double-armed sword spurred golden light, and Yang Wenzhao scorned the female summoner who was not far from revealing her appearance and strode toward responsibility."Well, OK!" You can still play! Then I admit defeat. "Bai Xiaomo said helplessly.As Yang Wenzhao expects, her cultivation is only four steps after all. In the series of consecutive magics, his spiritual power has consumed most of the time. It is no longer possible to arrange it as before. That being the case, fortunately throw in the towel.The charge's footsteps stopped suddenly. Yang Wenzhao only felt that his chest felt like he was squawking. Is this a win? Have you ever seen someone who has won this way? The grief and indignation of his face, he thought in his heart, that he is simply a spokesman for the tragic words. Can you not do this?We sincerely thank Longyue Yuexiong for becoming our God-India's general alliance and the total alliance is mighty. At the same time, we are grateful to the wind of royalty for becoming our 22nd ally. Thank you for the generosity of the two.A girl appeared, hey. I do not know whether I will see this mourning in the book review area.