Chapter 41 Untamed, Assassin Queen (middle)However, the people only lost, he can not rush to continue to attack, he regrets, regrets that he did not summon out of the mount. Yang Wenzhao secretly vowed that he would not be loaded again in the next race and would certainly summon his mount to go all out. Looking at his own charred, his heart is like the former Han Fei Paladin, in the blood drop ah ... ..."Yang Wenzhao went to the quarterfinals against Bai Xiaomo and Yang Wenzhaosheng."The referee’s announcement followed, and it ended the first game.Although the female summoner, Bai Xiaomo, lost, but her wonderful fighting style also left a deep impression on the venue. As long as it is discerning, people can see that Bai Xiaomo's plant call has a strong ability to control the field. If he can have such a teammate, whether it is group fight or singled out, he is the best helper. What's more, she only has four orders! Just let the fifth-order Yang Wenzhao be so embarrassed. "When she enters fifth-order, she doesn't know how strong she will be.It was only the first game with eighteen eights and eights that made everyone who watched the game shock. The displeasure of those who did not qualify was also diminished. However, the next game of the game made them a bit disappointed.It was Li Xin and the brothers of Long Haochen who played in the second battle. Didn't play at all. "One play, Li Xin said to the referee that lost.This kind of situation is still rare in the past 16 rounds of the Hunting Team's selection rounds. After all, it is very difficult to go this step. It can be said that every step forward will improve the status of the league's hunting demons. Is self-confidence than the opponent will most likely choose to fight a fight.However, there is no such thing as not allowing the referee to lose. The referee can only announce that Long Haochen has won and entered the quarterfinals.For Li Xin's defeat, Han Yu of the main chalk stand is quite satisfied. At least she did not consume Long Haochen's strength. The next game is still performed every day. "If you consume too much in the previous day, it will obviously affect The next game.The second game of Li Xin's defeat did not affect the excitement of today's game, the next four games are brilliant, not to the last moment will not easily admit defeat. The winning party also has to pay a price. After all, those who can get to this stage of the game will not have much difference in strength."Chai, you should be on the court." Long Haochen was holding her child's kid nervously.Cai Ge nodded softly and whispered: "I'm not going to have anything to do with it." Long Hao Chen wanted to send her to the venue all the time, but she was rejected by her son. She was holding a green bamboo stick and she was alone. Go to the trial court.Seeing the blind woman Caier appear, the participants who watched the game have different moods, basically divided into two opposite parties. One faction is full of doubts. Can a girl who is invisible to the eye enter the final sixteen? The other group is the tension and the thirst for coexistence, because they are people who have witnessed the adoption of children's strong power. The assassins, especially the Assassins' Temple, even cheered.With the dominating performance of the preliminaries, Caier has been recognized by all of them.Slowly into the venue, mining children slowly stand. Her opponent had not met her in the game before. "There was a bit of confusion and confusion in her eyes.This girl is the Assassin Temple?The child's opponent is a young man about 20 years old, of medium build, holding a red magic wand in his hand. He is the second-ranking fourth-tier summoner who enters the top sixteen in the Temple of the Soul.In the previous games, the performance of the Temple of the Spirit was remarkable. Although Bai Xiaomo failed to qualify, Yang Zhao, who is likely to hit the top of the current challenge, was in dire straits. Another fifth-order beast make it easier to enter the top eight. This is the soul of the Templar disciple who appeared today."The Assassin's Temple adopts children" against the soul temple shrine. Due to occupational reasons, the two sides distanced themselves by 40 meters and raised four columns inside the venue. Double responsibility preparation. ”With the announcement of the cut, on the ground, four large pillars were slowly raised, and the sons of Chern and the summoner named Fang Zhu retreated slowly until they were forty meters away.At this time to say that tension, no one can exceed the dragons in the rest area, he stared nervously at the situation in the field, and waited for him to rush to replace the children's game.Li Xin looked at him and couldn't help smiling and saying, "Stupid boy, don't be so nervous, rest assured, there will be nothing. I've seen the strength of Caier." I am afraid that even if you don't necessarily win it, Oh, she. You wait and see. ”"Yeah." Long Haochen promised to say a word, but in fact, he didn't hear Li Xin's words at all. He cares about chaos. No matter what others say, the tension in his heart will not be reduced by half. Only in constant thinking, adopting children can not see! And she was so weak, what to do if she were injured.Long Haochen had already thought about it. If she was injured by the other side, even if he violated the rules of the game, he would rush in to help her immediately. Silently, he has already begun to prepare the holy mask."The game started." With the referee buzzing, the seventh game of the seventh game started.Although Fang Bamboo had not seen Cherr, he did not underestimate his opponent because he was a blind woman. Being able to come here with fourth-order repairs is not just as simple as strength. His mind is equally strong and cautious.The red-brown wand in the hand pointed to the front and said, "The sound of a clear bird sounded, and it was about one meter long. A big bird that was full of blue was thrown out of space.This is a call without any spells. It seems that this summoning magic should be stored in his staff on sight. This alone can tell that his staff is at least Spirit-level equipment."The bluebird vacated" flew toward Caier, and the faint blue light came out of it.At the moment when the referee announced the start of the game, Caier walked in the direction of his opponent with a green bamboo stick. Her speed was not good, and there was no difference in walking in peace. The green bamboo sticks gently moved forward, and the atmosphere was complete. Introverted, it looks like an ordinary blind woman walking.Green bamboo sticks do not make sounds on the yellow earth, but leave only a simple depression.After Fang Fang had released the Blue Bird, he began to sing a spell with a swift voice. Summoner's spells are different from magicians. Their spells often speak faster and require frequency rather than the magician's rhythm. The low and powerful spells rang eagerly, and the red staff in his hands became brighter and brighter, and a strong animal-like atmosphere was spreading from the staff.Only 10 meters away from her child, the bluebird has already reached the top of her head and dive momentarily in the direction of Cai'er. The wings start to open. In the fierce harsh whistle, two wind blades with a width of up to one meter go straight to the children’s cross. Go.The pace of the advancement of Caier did not stop and he was still walking slowly. Long Haochen was almost quiet in Beijing and Shanghai in the rest area.Seeing that, the moment of the two sharp edges will hit the child's body, a strange situation has emerged.Zier seems to have done nothing, but in that moment, her body became illusory, and immediately after that, the two wind blades actually passed through her, squeaking twice, lying behind her. On the ground, two deep four traps were left.It was at this time that the green bamboo sticks in the children's hands lifted upwards with lightning, and Sen's coldness and fierceness went to the extreme killing intentions.The blue bird's body shape is not too big, in the moment of the child's shot, it has already felt the crisis, quickly flapping its wings to deliver a smart evasion action.However, the green bamboo rods on the children's captors burst into three glory moments, and the length of glory is as long as thirty feet.With bamboo sticks on the ground, Cherr still moves slowly, his distance from the summons closer. Her breath did not change as a result of the Blue Bird's Gong Gong, as if it were all illusions.However, is it really a phantom?The bluebird, evenly divided into eight pieces, fell to the ground with its own spilled blood and splashed with dust.Picking up the green bamboo stick that he just raised, it couldn't even avoid it.Seeing the dragon's head screaming when the genre hit the child, the voice suddenly stopped in the blind. However, just over 20 meters away from Cai'er, Fang Zhu, who is swiftly chanting a spell, instantly shrinks his pupil to the size of a needlepoint. His hurried spell is almost interrupted by the scene just occurred.Did the blaster be spiked? That ear is a real four-level Warcraft. Even if it can't hurt the enemy, at least it can also play a role in harassment? However, from the beginning to the end, it failed to produce half-effects on the physiognomy of the child. The brilliance of the bamboo sticks is almost neat than that of the chef. Even the square bamboo vest was instantly filled with cold sweat and it was a moment of swiftness to the ultimate murderousness.At this moment, "He has already realized what kind of opponent he is facing. Even if she can't even see it, but her tyrannical power still allows Fang Zhu to feel unprecedentedly terrible pressure.The child's speed is still very slow, but just like in the preliminary round, every step of her step will give Fang Zhu's psychological pressure a slight increase.However, this square bamboo is indeed excellent, in this case, he will eventually complete his own spell.The front of the staff pointed to a red light that spewed out and turned into a flashing door. Immediately afterwards, a roaring roar sounded, and a large, rough figure was drilled from the light door.Sixth World of Warcraft "King Kong Giant Bear.For a fourth-order Grand Summoner, being able to summon a six-level Warcraft is already a step-by-step call. This is closely related to his own spiritual power and equipment. Even so, after the completion of this call, Fang Zhu's face is still pale. But that was pale.