Chapter 40 The Sixteenth Round (center)Li Xin also saw Long Haochen's face cane is not good, Hui Shi made a consolation: ... now is not time to think of these, always playing you can really be the first three to think again. "In the heart of Long Haochen's heart, he nodded slightly and nodded. "We'll be advanced."Today's Cavalier trials are obviously grand. Although the situation inside the stadium remains unchanged, it is still crowded on the rostrum. Obviously came a lot of people. no doubt. It is the high level of the major temples.At this time, 60 of the hunters in this hunting group had come to more than 40 people. They all sat down in the rest area and took part in the 16 knockouts today.Although other people do not need to participate. But they still come to watch the game. One is that they hope to learn the way and experience of fighting the 16 strong fighters by watching the battle. Simultaneously. More importantly, after the elimination is over, the roulette will be teamed up. Who does not want to know more about what the ability of the future team captain may be?As soon as Long Hao entered the rest area, he quickly found it. Many people's eyes fell on him. In particular, the Knights fought with the third group of participants.Long Haochen completely ignored other people's eyes. Soon he found his goal.Caier quietly sat in the corner of the first row of edges. Green bamboo sticks were immersed in the body and leaned against their shoulders. The entire people are very quiet. In the eyes of Long Hao morning. That is the feeling of purity and beauty.Because during the acquisition of the blue rain and the Hibiscus of Light, Long Haochen was completely immersed in it, and he hadn't been able to see the feeling of Chern for a long time. See her sitting there. Rush and Li Xin rushed together.The originally quiet Caier clearly recognized his footsteps, lowered his head slightly, and his hands subconsciously gripped the bamboo sticks."Caier." Long Haochen called her. Sit down beside her."Hmm..., Geer softly promised to speak. He grinned and refused to speak.“I’ve taken it. I’ve been going to the St. Paul’s Treasure Pavilion in the past few days. I just came out last night...”"Eh..., picking the same tea is a snap."Chai, what happened to you on that day?" Long Haochen asked in her heart.This time, Caierlian “huh.” It wasn’t “hmm.” It was just sitting there quietly, but her ears were all red.Although Long Haochen did not appear for a few days," but Li Xin already told him what he was doing, Caier naturally would not be in a hurry. But the day she was arrested by Long Haochen and her own misunderstanding was every time she thought of it. Will be blushed, the heart rate will also be accelerated. At this time again heard Long Haochen's voice. How could she not be shy?What did Long Haochen know about the little girl's thoughts? He scowled: "How did you get mad at Caier? I, I didn't do anything! If you were angry, tell me why, okay? I'm fine."Li Xin sat sideways and couldn't help but laugh at the price. This pair of children was really interesting. Seeing that she was as shy as she was, who was angry? What did the two men do? However, feeling the purity between them, Li Xin had only a few envy. Imagine. When is it possible for a person to care about me like a younger brother?Long Haochen did not hurry for too long. When he was puzzled, a soft little hand quietly stretched over and took his hand.Soft and tender little hands held in the palm of the hand, Long Hao Chen first stunned. Tight amines are set in mind. Anxious to go away, the United States sitting there again. Even if he was ignorant about his senses, he now knows that she did not blame him.Naturally, no one will be late in this knockout stage. Work for a while. Sixty contestants have already come together. Sitting in the first row. There are not many people who Long Haochen knows. Besides him, Li Xin and Caier, there are only Huang Yi and Yang Wenzhao. There are also two knights he hasn’t played against. The two are naturally in the preliminary stage. Fifth-order strong.Long Haochen observed it slightly. The first row happens to be sitting with 16 people, among them. The Knights Templar actually occupied five seats, but none of the Priest's temples. It can be seen that the knight ranks first in the six major temples is not without cause.suddenly. He felt something wrong and turned to pick it up, wondering, "I'll pick it up. This first row seems to be only someone who plays in today's playoffs. You.........Li Xin finally couldn't help but smile. "Silly kid, you can't be stupid at times! Who said that she can't participate in the knockout game. She is the title of our second group..."Ah?... Long Haochen's eyes widened in surprise, almost releasing the tender little hand.Caier raised his head slightly. Softly: "You didn't ask me! I'm an assassin...This news is absolutely shocking for Long Haochen. He naturally knew that Cher was an assassin. However, she can't see it! Invisible, she could have achieved the first place in the second group. what does this mean? Long Haochen was suddenly shocked."Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Cavaliers' trial court." At this moment, a familiar voice from the thorny spine rang. When the dragons looked up in the morning, only the ugly rode the riots, the Paladin, and ten long-distanced Koreans. What did you know? The time has come to the trial court. We talked to the rest area. Although he did not use any propaganda magic props, everyone could clearly hear his voice."First of all, I congratulate you on entering the 16 participants who ate in. Fighting into 16 means that you have been able to get a reward from the league. You can choose one of the most from the San Bao Treasure House after this competition. For your secret skills, every time you pass a knockout game, the rewards will increase. As for those other competitors who haven’t entered the 16-fight, you don’t need them to pass the preliminaries. The name has already proven your excellence, and you will also be an integral part of forming the slayer in the future."“We don’t engage in formalism in the Temple Alliance. I’ll not say much more. Next, enter the top 16 contestants and enter the lottery. From this moment onwards, luck will also become a possibility for you to continue frying. I also believe that luck is a part of strength."Caier quietly withdrew his own hand. Supporting bamboo sticks stood up. Long Haochen knew she was shy in so many people. I am embarrassed to let myself pull, naturally will not say anything. Sixteen participants sitting in the first row sprinted into the test field.Although the other forty-four contestants did not need to participate in the individual competition of the amines, their feelings were tense. There is no doubt that every knockout match will be a strong showdown. The competition must also be extremely exciting. It is related to the roulette team soon. They all want to see. In the end, whoever is able to beat the pack, he is the one who stands at the peak.After the staff member checked the number plate again to confirm his identity, 16 people entered the scrubbing field, and he stood in a circle around Han Yan. at this time. Only five old men walked into the court. Standing beside Han Yan.The five old men included the assassin sanctuary and the host of the assassins who controlled the most powerful assassins of the Assassin sanctuary.The main hall of the Magic Temple. Saint Magister. Leader of the devil. Lin Chen. Of course, Long Haochen did not know that this old man was Lin Xin's pro-grandfather.The priest's temple is the main hall, the cardinal, and the lord of the temple. Weak water.The main hall of the Temple of the Warriors, the mad warlords, and the Champion class strong. Let me know.The last person was an older sister embroidered with gold runes and black robes. Compared with the softness of the weak water, she appeared to be somewhat arrogant and exposed.The figure is not high, but after entering the trial room, it is the greatest pressure she brings to the crowd. Carefully feel that it turned out to be a horror calendar force almost like a prehistoric monster.This is the person in charge of the temple of the soul and the spiritual master. Ling Di Summoner Sanshui.As far as the crowd feels, perhaps the Sanshui mother-in-law is not the six vice-church masters who are the strongest, but. She is definitely the scariest of the six.Han Yan smiled and said: "The public. Let's get started?"The other five nodded and agreed.Although there are six of them here, the other five only go for supervision. The draw was presided over by Han Yan.The ball of light that everyone had seen repeatedly appeared again, slowly falling from the air, the ball of light expanding in the air, gradually becoming a huge golden ring of light. When it lands on the surface, it literally separates sixteen contestants from the six deputies. In the halo, the sixteen entrants were outside the aura.Han Yan flashed a golden light, suddenly, the entire halo shines."Place your hand on the halo, and the draw will start. You can rest assured that the first place in the group stage will only be drawn together with the second place in the other team."According to Han Yan, everyone put their hands on the halo.The other five deputies in the circle slowly closed their eyes and used their enormous spiritual power to feel the lottery process.The most tense thing was Han Yan. As the host of the Knights Templar, he certainly hoped that the participants in the sanctuary could go further. The unprecedented history of the Cavaliers was sixteen. Fry in other temples. Han Yan is definitely a big deal. If these five people can enter the fried eight again. What a wonderful thing it will be!The soft golden light flashes quickly after all sixteen hands fall on it. The high-speed rotation instantly rendered the sixteen participants' bodies into gold.Gradually, an amine light shines, and the golden color of each participant begins to change. The change lies mainly in the strength of gold.