Thirty-eighth Palm Talent Suppression Sharing (Part 2)This time, scared his vest cold sweat took so easily swing! However, he did not have any ability to rebel. Who is this old man? Is this strength almost equal to Grandpa? How can they be guarded by their repairs?Thin and old disdain said: "The weasel under the mouse, a nest is better than a nest. Han Yan that little raised by the grandson is not a successor.The old man grinned and said: "No matter how it fails, the entire quality of the young generation of the Knights Templar is also an alliance. You can't deny it."The lean old man proudly said: "But fart. All of them are not as good as those of my family."Fat man smiled. "The little girl is always going to marry someone. And it's not too bad to just go in. It's almost as if you're old and you're picking children."The thin old man has a lag. "Dead and dead, do you want to fight?...Fat old man leaned back in the chair, said: "You really want to find a place to fight with me. Nothing. Sneak attack.The thin old man shouted again, but he sat back in his chair and stopped snoring.Long Haochen was stunned into a wall and he only felt that there was a strong suction around him and he was tearing his body from all sides. And this time. He has regained control over his spiritual power. Hurry to urge the body care.At this moment, I didn't know what to pull out of a big hand, grabbed his shoulder and pulled it lightly. The imaginary and dark world suddenly disappeared, and the dragon's morning had already appeared in another place.This is a place full of flowers and flowers, in front of it seems to be a valley, vaguely pale gold mist shrouded in the valley entrance. Surrounded by trees, shrubs, and flowers. Please come with new air.Blue sky and white clouds in the sky. The slightly moist Pu’an air is no longer comfortable with his skin.The entrance to the valley is just a hundred meters away from his decoction. On the steep rocky side of the valley, there are four characters in the sky: “Riding Valley...This, this is the treasure house of the Knights Templar? Long Hao Chen looked stunned and looked at everything. With his knowledge, it is impossible to understand everything that appears here."Welcome to you, little friend. The honest voice appears behind Long Haochen.After rushing back, Long Haochen saw it immediately. Standing behind an old man, it seems that he just pulled himself over. Behind him is a strange light door.This light door is somewhat similar to the creature's door that was originally released by Chen Yinger. However, the lines around the light door are even more complicated. There is no animal relief, but many ancient Elvish."It's weird isn't it?" The old man was slender. A simple, white robe with silver hair scattered behind her, was a bit of a flamboyant sensation in this beautiful environment. His forehead was wide and full of heaven. Although his face had already left behind his years of wind and frost, his eyes were still He was still a god, but his moderate body was not strong, but he stood there like a giant pillar."Hello, decoy..." Long Hao Chen rushed to the court to honor him with a knight ceremony.The old man smiled a little and said: “Yang Fu Han, you can call me Grandpa Yang...Long Hao Chen rushed to the official courteous re-warning, "Hello. Grandpa Yang.Yang Xiaohan smiled, patted his shoulder and said: "Isn't it strange that everything here. In fact, this place is not created by the Knights Templar. It was handed down from the glory era. It was built by the ancient Elf family. This is not just the treasure trove of the other five major temples here. In simple terms, it was the ancient elf power that created another parallel space that was attached to our original space by virtue of its control over heaven and earth. In the early days, it was collected by our human energy agency and undergoes certain repairs and changes. It becomes what we are now.",Although Long Haochen still didn't understand it, he also had a bit of an impression. Think of everything you saw on the knights. If you only know.Yang Xiaohan smiled and said, "To be honest, if we were not able to grasp some of the ancient Elven relics to save our wealth in the dark ages, I am afraid. We humans no longer exist..."Long Haochen moved in the heart but did not ask anything. This is obviously related to the secrets of the six temples. If Yang Yang wants to say this, he will tell himself."Come on, there will be your reward in the valley, but there will be a test waiting for you to be prepared. After entering the valley, you will only make a mistake. You follow the far left side of the road and you will get your chance. ”“Thank you, Grandpa Yang..., Long Haochen replied with a respectful voice. Walk toward the Mountain Range.The distance of one-hundred meters is immediate and one step into the thick golden mist.Into the fog, the feeling of Long Haochen suddenly changed, and the new air seemed to suddenly become dignified. He suddenly became heavier with his brisk footsteps.The spiritual power in the body of Chrysanthemum was protected by the stimulus itself, and the surface of the dragon's morning was covered with a layer of golden glow.Since breaking through the fifth-order. Long Haochen obviously felt the speed of his cultivation slowed down. The original day can increase the spiritual power of dozens. Changed back to single digits. In ten days or so, his current spiritual power is the total number of sister-in-law who is only about 20%. On the contrary, because of the evolution of Haoyue, the external spiritual forces have not been greatly improved.A battle with Wang Yuanyuan made Long Yuchen realize that spiritual power is equally important. Obviously, Wang Yuanyuan's external spiritual power should be far beyond ordinary people. Otherwise, she cannot easily use the shield of the giant spirits without setting. If it is not the only month. In the absence of a comparable weapon, it is not her opponent.Now, the operation of the liquid spiritual power in the body of Chrysanthemi is very different from that of frying.When practicing in the past, it was his inner spiritual power that revolved around the Holy Spirit. But now it has become diametrically opposite.The golden liquid spirit formed a circle of spiritual power, like a moat, quietly surrounding the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is slowly spinning. The liquid spirit increased with the refinement of the dragon's morning repairs. It is always thrown from the Holy Spirit infused into the outer ring of liquid spirit ring.Long Haochen also knew that he couldn't be too eager to practice. The reason why the fried jeong will break through is that it can increase the spiritual power of dozens of points a day. One is because he ate Lin Xing-hsin. The other is because of constant self-motivation in the battle. After the breakthrough, the spiritual cultivation in the liquid state is much more complex. At the time of the month, the potential he has been stimulated is almost consumed. It is the right choice to move steadily and gradually. It is only 14 years old this year and some time.The goal that Long Haochen set for himself was to hit the Knights of Huiyao before the age of eighteen, and the Knights of the Knights before he was twenty-five. It is obviously not desirable to be aggressive. Nightingale has repeatedly emphasized to him in this regard.Although there is great pressure in the pale golden haze, Long Haochen can feel it with a strong spiritual power. The richness of the light elements here is far beyond the outside world. Fog is not composed of moist water vapor. It is a moist light element. That is to say. The light element here seems to be a liquid amine.Unfortunately, this is not what Long Haochen can absorb. These light elements do not exclude him. However, when he only tries to absorb it, the pressure around him suddenly increases, and he almost makes his body lose his strength. This scares Long Yuchen. In a hurry to keep the mind, special release a holy mask. This avoids the collapse of its own defenses.Do not dare to change any more, just be careful about frying.For a short period of time, the fried scene suddenly became clear. The other directions were still crisp, but there was a path to the left.The path is only three meters wide, with high cliffs on both sides. The cliffs are smooth and mirror-like, and it is obvious that the dragon's morning cultivation is now impossible to climb.It should be here. Long Haochen observed it slightly. Take a step toward this path.Out of the golden light fog, the body suddenly light. Under the pressure reduction, Long Haochen felt a slight surge of inner spiritual force within the body.This path is not straight, but twists and turns, so he can only see the cliff, but can not get anything at the end.The path continued to fry, and it took about a quarter of an hour. suddenly. There are more than a dozen miles ahead. There are cliffs on both sides of each road.This……. This will certainly not be a natural formation, or it will be too uncanny. Long Haochen shook it at the thought of that road giving birth.How to do? Grandpa Yang did not tell me before she gave birth. How should I choose? Also choose the leftmost road?Stopped at the foot, Long Hao thought about it.Although he was young, he had a calm personality and did not blindly enter. do not know why. He felt a little uneasy in his heart.Long Hao morning will be fried Yang Yang Han to say to him carefully recalled again, did not miss any one word. Powerful memory plays an important role at this time.i “Grandpa Yang said that I still have to pass the tests to get rewards. Is it right now that it is part of the test or the test?” As he thought, Long Haochen immediately sat cross-legged and closed his eyes.Before passing through the haze, his spiritual power was consumed. Since it is to face the test. So. It is obviously very important to maintain the best condition.In this Mounting Spirit Valley, the light element is richer than the outside world. Although this drag is not as bright as the light elements in the fog. But it is also quite abundant. With the constitution of the bright son, Long Haochen returned to its peak state after a while.At this moment, suddenly, Long Haochen's mind was jolted. He felt a slight fluctuation in the atmosphere of a pure element of light.Long Haochen suddenly opened his eyes, and the dawn suddenly locked in one direction.