The fortieth chapter Sixteen strong war (below)The halo radiance converged, and 16 people such as Long Haochen also looked at their own light.The five deputies in the halo opened their eyes at the same time. In addition to the weak water, the eyes of the other four deputies were somewhat grateful. Han Yan's face has become extremely ugly.The facts have proved that even without the supervision of the five dignitaries, no one will question the fairness of the draw.The five entrants to the Knights Templar actually made up two and a half, that is to say, no matter what the outcome of the game, only a maximum of three Knights can enter the top eight.The two five-step Cavaliers that Zhou Weiqing was unfamiliar with were drawn in a pair. The depth of their gold was exactly the same, and the other pair was Long Haochen and Li Xin.The look of Long Haochen instantly became frightened and looked at Li Xin. His face was very ugly. How could he not think of, he still maintained this speechless luck. One-eighth chance, he even got his sister.St. Magister Lin Chen coughed and patted Han Yan's shoulder, "Say:" Han Xiong really deserves to be a bright messenger. This draw is fair and just. Our magical temple recognizes it. "The shadows were the most familiar with the wind and Han Yan, and they laughed out without any image. "Old Han, you are really strong at the Knights' Temple, but" This luck, eh..."Han Yan faced a green blush and gave him a look of embarrassment.The Emperor of War was mad at me and smiled and said: "Shadow, don't you say that. The result of the draw is still very good for the Knights Templar, and at least the top eight they will have two. The chance of advancing into the top three is not great. Increased?"Sanshui's Lingdi-level summoner sighed coldly. “You guys, in addition to gloating, what else do you do? With the ability, you also get five people into the top sixteen to give others a look. Old Korea, thank you! We There is no overlap in the Temple of the Soul and it is indeed a good luck."Apart from the Knights Templar, the highlight of this trial is the Temple of Souls. In addition to Chen Yinger who does not even know what he will summon but can use the creature's gate, there are still three excellent summoners. Advancing into the first sixteen. And two of them are fourth-order. It can be seen that the summoner is powerful. In the recent draw, the three summoners will face other temple opponents. It is no wonder that Sanshui Lingzhang, whose face is cold, is in a good mood.Han Yan's heart is bleeding! The knockout hasn't started yet. The Knights Templar is equivalent to two fewer people! However, "In the presence of so many juniors, he was not good at attacking. His face was red and white. "Look at you guys. You see how calm the people are. ”Weak water sighed slightly helplessly and said: "I don't calm down too! We don't have one of the past sixteen in our pastor's temple. It's not a sign of a refusal, and it doesn't matter much to me."Han Yan's speech was very complicated and he said: "Every time I go back to the rest area, I start the game from shallow to deep, according to the body's golden color. The first group stays in the field.",Having said this, he was heading in the direction of the main chalk table with his disgusted head. The huge golden halo also slowly rises into the dome."Sister, I..." Long Haochen wanted to say something to Li Xin. Li Xin shook his head and smiled at him, saying: “Silly brother, what are you doing? What can be difficult? Can I continue to advance when I meet others? I can enter the first sixteen. Thanks to the help of Caier, I'm very satisfied. I never thought I could get into the top 60. Lottery met you, but in fact it was the best sign for me. Is the quarterback not the best?""But..." What did Long Haochen want to say? "It was once again interrupted by Li Xin."What's so good about a fool, don't you think that I can win you fifth-order fourth-order? Or that my rose can win the little monster of Haoyue. It can also evolve.",Most of the other contestants have already walked toward the rest area. The children still waited for Long Yinchen to "listen to their siblings.""Oh... this, it doesn't seem like you guys in the first set of games?" A somewhat helpless voice rang.Long Haochen and Li Xin looked away and saw Yang Wenzhao and another female summoner looking at them with some weirdness. The golden light of these two bodies is the shallowest. The magic robe on the woman's summoner was a cloak, and at this time it was slightly head down."Oh, sorry." Long Haochen nodded to him and quickly returned to the rest area with Li Xin and Caier.As everyone knows, Yang Wenzhao is also relieved, at least, he did not smoke the dragon in the morning or pick one. Even if there is no previous psychological shadow, these two opponents are also the most difficult to deal with."Choice, who are your opponents?" Li Xin asked the children around Long Yuchen.Caier shook his head and said: "I can't see the color, I don't know. ”After listening to her, Long Haochen suddenly felt a strong guilt. He took care of himself and Li Xin, but he forgot to pick it out. He held her little hand apologetically. “Don’t worry I went to the staff to ask."When Long Haochen went to ask staff, the first game of eighteen eights had started.Yang Wenzhao still did not summon his own mount, a double sword left and right, and flew toward the opposite summoner to rush. In the match between the Cavaliers and the Summoner, the two sides should open a distance of 50 meters. Yang Wenzhao's opposite summoner held a green staff and quickly chanted a spell. At the same time, the foot does not stop and quickly recedes.Yang Wenzhao’s charge is quite fast, but even so, when he just crossed the distance of 20 meters, the opposite summoner has completed his first call.A green spot of light falls from the front of the staff, and in the moment it lands, a green ring of light undulates. Suddenly, a stout vine creeps out of the ground and spreads instantly. This is actually a plant summoner.At this point, if Yang Wenzhao wants to avoid hitting with these vines, he will have to detour. Yang Wenzhao naturally will not choose this way and will rush forward without hesitation. The splendid golden light emerged on the two épées, and the pace at the foot accelerated again. The assault was assaulted and the two swords fluttered at the same time. The two light-edged swords were looted at the same time.Although the vines were tough, they still seemed to be vulnerable in the face of Guanghan Sword. Several vines were quickly cut open.Yang Wenzhao's toughness was undoubtedly manifested at this time. He suddenly rushed into the vines and no longer used his skills. The storm of a double sword was impermeable. Any vine that rushed into his Jianmang would be instantly minced, but only slightly slower. Rushed across the vines.At this time, the opposite female summons has completed the second summoning magic.In the face of Yang Wenzhao’s assault, the summoner was not alarmed. This time it was a dark green glow. Suddenly, large swathes of thorns rose from the ground, not only blocking Yang Wenzhao's way but also hiding his stature.The sound of slamming moments, Yang Wenzhao's forward physique was actually blocked. These dark green thorns, which appear to be much thinner than the vines, are actually hard and iron. Although they can no longer compete against Yang Wenzhao's double sword, they are no longer able to advance at an assault speed. Only step forward step by step.At this time, "Long Haochen had already asked the staff. It was determined that the opponent of Cherr was another summoner. He was also attracted to the game on the court.For the summoner, Long Haochen is the least familiar. The battle he had seen with the Summoner only stopped Chen Yinger's creatures.The player who competed with Yang Wenzhao obviously had more to do than Chen Yinger, and the speed with which the two summoned magics were released was so fast.At this moment, all of a sudden, Yang Wenzhao took a footing and a loud crash sounded. His body also shook. It was a pause.Long Haochen’s eyesight was still quite good. He clearly saw that a long red spike with more than one foot length was popping up from Yang Wenzhao’s sword. It was obviously an attack that had just been attacked.Because the rest area is at the top, Long Haochen can see that the summoner is still in the thornbush group and does not use the protection of these thorns to retreat. Beside him, there is an extra one full of one person who is tall and one person is holding together. plant.This plant was full of spikes and a large red flower at the top. The red spike was just thrown from it.How Yang Wenzhao's strength is, Long Haochen is very clear, a spike can shake him back, and his attacking power can be imagined.Long Haochen focused his gaze closely and could see that the strange plant was shaking violently, and then the dark red spikes on the body quickly gathered together, and then they turned into a ruler with more spikes. , Objective Jing Jing Yang Wenzhao. Good guys. Can plant useers still use it? Long Haochen is an eye-opener.Another fierce collision once again blocked Yang Wenzhao’s body. The iron thorns around him also surrounded Yang Wenzhao from all directions in an astonishing speed. Seeing that way, the Summoner actually had the upper hand. The Summoner's spell did not stop. Before him, one or more pod-like plants gradually grew. The pods were huge. They were a little bigger than the previous flower-stabbed plants. They did not know how they locked up. Yang Wenzhao's "swimming down slowly, until the quick parallel to the ground, suddenly thrown up, each bean dumped three green beans in the size of the human head, actually like a trebuchet general Yang Xiangzhao.