Chapter 40 The Sixteenth War (I)A bracelet-like thing, pointing toward the ground around Long Haochen, suddenly, the light flashed, and several pieces of equipment appeared there.There is no doubt that this bracelet also has a role similar to the ring of forget-me-nots. Although this kind of storage bracelet is rare, it is not surprising that Han Yu is the paladin of the Knights Templar.Lost before they even know how to cherish, Long Hao Chen lost all the equipment before the morning, that share of helplessness he is deeply experienced. As soon as equipment was available, the eyes were bright and they couldn't wait to see the equipment.It is a full body, a sword, a shield.All these three pieces of equipment were presented as silver, which exudes a faint light atmosphere. It feels like the armor and the light sword of their own should be a level of equipment. At most, it is slightly stronger.However, even if this is the case, it is already a great surprise for Long Haochen. After losing the shield and the lightsaber, he did not inquire about the price of magic equipment. Each piece must be worth thousands of gold coins, which is prohibitive. Can get together, he is very satisfied.Nightingale smiled and said: "This set of equipment is called the Holy Ghost Set, Holy Ghost, Holy Ghost Shield, and Holy Spirit Sword. It is a magical equipment level to be singled out. But the victory is the set, combined together, can produce the Holy Spirit halo. Control your friendly forces according to your ideas.The halo has a range of up to 20 meters in diameter.You can form a layer of Holy Spirit on your body, and your defensive power is comparable to that of the Holy Light Mask. To maintain this aura, every soul needs to consume five spiritual powers. A very good guardian knight outfit does not make a difference to the team. Therefore, this kit is a combination that is equivalent to a demon-class outfit. It is better than the embroidered wristband that the teacher sent you.""That's great." Long Haochen excitedly squatted his body, first took the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit Shield into a Forget-me-nots ring, and then honestly and bluntly dressed his Holy Spirit.Evening face shows a touch of faint smile, this child is really pure nature, not because this is the Paladin sent but just magic-level equipment and repulsed, the excitement of his eyes will not be false."Teacher, if you meet Shizu, you must thank him for the old man. I will surely win honors for the Knights Templar with this equipment."Long Hao was handsome in the morning, put on this body silver armor, suddenly added a bit more British gas. The body of the Holy Ghost is not very heavy. It is indeed better than his original armor. And with a helmet, you can also cover the face, defense more comprehensive.Evening beat him on the shoulder and said, "Well, go to the sage's trial room with your sweet sister. From today it is the knockout. Everyone has only one chance. The teacher wishes you a victory. The horse is successful. It is advancing into the top three.""To ensure the completion of the task." Long Haochen kicked his right fist and performed a standard knight ceremony for the night.After he finished this sentence, both men and women could not help but laugh. The other side occupied the dragon's morning bed, and the bright moon curled up there slowly lifted three big heads and shook his body. The heavy body immediately heard the buzzing sound of the bed."You can't miss you," Long Haochen smiled at him.New armor was obtained. Long Haochen was quite excited. Even after breakfast, she was wearing armor. Filled with food and drinks, under the watchful eyes of the night, with Li Xin went to the holy confederation. As for his obedient player, he was not qualified to watch the game. Long Yuchen let Han Yu stay in the hotel."Sister, how is it that she picks up children these days? Didn't she get angry with me?" Long Haochen asked Li Xin.Li Xin smiled and said: "Look at your cautious look. This hasn't been determined yet. It's just that people are so nervous. After that, it must be a wife."Long Haochen had a red face and rushed to explain: "Sister, we are just ordinary friends!"Li Xin smiled and said: "Okay, okay, ordinary friends are right. Then you can ask her about her situation."Long Haochen was suddenly anxious and pulled Li Xin's arm and said, "Sister, I'm wrong. You tell me soon."Li Xin gave him a white look and said: "I'm getting stuck. Well, well, my sister assured you that she can see her today."Let's ask Long Yinchen how to ask, Li Xin refused to say when she could see the children. Not long ago, the two siblings have once again come to the sage's big test field.The finals of the 16th were played at the Cavaliers' test-court. All the top 60 contestants can come to watch the game. Two talents arrived at the front door and they got acquainted.The two men also came from a short distance, and submitted their own number plates at the entrance. It is Yang Wenzhao and Huang Yi. It seems that the two of them had known each other for a long time."Yang Xiong, Huang Xiong, how are you?" Although it was a competitor, everyone had already known. After Long Haochen and Li Xin went up, he took the initiative to say hello to them.Yang Wenzhao saw him suddenly change his face, some bitter face and said: "I'm not very good! I am looking forward to, do not draw you when the draw." Then he rushed in.Watching him look like a ghostly appearance, Long Haochen can not help but worry about what he is? Is this the strong man who beats himself on the day without a ride? Is he not confident that he cannot face me?Yang Wenzhao is naturally not afraid of him. If he is confronted positively, he even has confidence and fancy. However, the assassin’s most powerful place is obviously not on the frontal battlefield. He really does not want to be taken into account for adopting this level of assassin. In particular, his grandfather did not pursue anything because of the day, but the background of the assassin girl was astonishing.Huang Yi saw Long Haochen be much better and greeted him with a smile."Huangxiong, I didn't go to the game that day. Who was you out with Wang Yuanyuan?" Long Haochen asked curiously.Huang Yi said with a hint of scorn: "Wang Yuanyuan's strength is really strong. I'm definitely not an opponent in her frontal collision. I'm using point Qiao. I and my elf partner work together, and she launches a giant with her gem. When God's Shield was done, I finished the earth wave technique. It wasn't really glorious to say it. I ran away with the sea wave technique all the way through the game. Eventually I was exhausted by her spiritual power and she barely won. I also want to thank you. If she does not use one, she will use the huge shield of the giant god of spirits. I will never know who the winner is.Listening to him, Long Yichen understood this, and Huang Yi used Wang Yuanyuan's inertial thinking. The strength of that girl was really strong. She could not enter the first sixteen. Long Haochen also felt a pity."Oh, shameless." At the time they were talking, there was an angry voice behind them. When the two returned to watch, could it be the same as Wang? She also followed Chen Yinger.Chen Yinger's face is not very good-looking. Little Loliti took a few steps to come to Long Haochen and compared him to his own fist. “Do you look down on me? The last one does not come.”Long Hao Chen said helplessly: "Of course not, I just happened that day, I apologize to you."Chen Yinger vomited his tongue to him, and when he did not wait for another opening, he was rushed into the test field by Wang Yuanyuan, who was almost angry with Huang Yi. Obviously, after the first round of the game, the two girls had a good relationship.Huang Yi looked at the shield of the giant spirit that was leaning back behind Wang Yuanyuan and shook his head helplessly, saying: “I’m looking forward to the time when I’m hunting the roulette roulette. Defensive Shield Warrior, but still impulsive. Really afraid of her."Li Xin patted Long Haochen on the shoulder and said: "Come in. The time is late.""Wait for me--" A swift call began to sound. When the two siblings turned to look back, they met another acquaintance. It is not that it is extremely wonderful, will not attack the magician Lin Xin Mo."Congratulations and congratulations. Congratulations to your siblings for entering the top six at the same time." Lin Xin ran over with a smile.Li Xin did not have a good face for him. "What's so congratulatory, we can't stand up to your congratulations."Lin Xin, a lag, accompanied with a smile: "This is how, Li Xin sister, I did not do anything!"Li Xin ranted: "You haven't done anything yet? You can't even attack an enemies. Actually, you deceived my younger brother and promised to enter the top three. You don't know the importance of a powerful magician for the team. Sex?"She said one of the words, next to Huang Yi first opened his eyes wide, "What? You will not attack magic?" A clutching Lin Xin, his face is even more ugly than Li Xin.Lin Xin opened his hand and said, "What's wrong with attacking magic? Brother has medicine."At the beginning, he was relying on his powerful control over magic, and he had bought Huang Yi through the use of the drug. He took the throne of the first place in the magical temple.At this time, Huang Yi heard that he would not attack and that his face was so good.Long Haochen pulled Li Xin, who wanted to work with Lin Xin, and said indifferently, “Sister, don't do this. If it wasn’t for something, Lin Xin wouldn’t have given me to me. His medicine helped me.” Great, I should thank him for the answer. Lin brother assured that if I enter the first three, we will certainly keep the promise.”"How did you take that child?" Li Xin almost blurted out.Long Haochen immediately shocked, yes! Caier and Caier entered the first sixty. In a flash, his face suddenly turned pale. If he enters the top three, he can only choose Lin Xin.He promised to remember very clearly that I promised to protect her for a lifetime.Lin Xin looked at some of the loss of Long Haochen, his heart suddenly sinking, his face showing a hint of helpless smile, gently shook his head, but did not say anything, patted Long Haochen's shoulders went inside. Remembering that the girl was invincible but could not be seen, he thought he could not say anything.