Chapter 39 Blue Rain, Serenity of Light (Chinese)Immediately afterwards, a swift dragon cymbal sounded from around Long Yuchen's body. Under the thick golden light, the spiritual energy around his body turned into scales.Rising Dragons is an attacking skill that both guardian knights and disciplinary knights can learn. Long Hao's morning breaks are five-step breakthroughs, and he is naturally learned from his father's inheritance.However, when this shot was used, the right sword of his right hand was not completed.The two sides collided with each other in the air, but only for a moment, the blue figure had already broken up and turned into numerous blue spots scattered around.Hey, Long Haochen landed on both feet, his upper body shook slightly, and his eyes went black. Just a short period of time, he used a lot of skills, even if his spiritual power is different from ordinary people, and some can not support it, his face pale.At this point, the sins of the two soldiers have already dispersed in his hands. From beginning to end, his right-handed Sword skills have not been completed. However, he won, he then beat the blue glory.Knight, Long Haochen is very simple to do this. His ability to win is due to his correct judgment of the blue light.This blue brilliance is a copy of his skill and spiritual strength. The skills remain unchanged, but the spiritual strength is adjusted at any time according to his own changes.In this case, "As long as Long Haochen has been resisted, then this blue glorious attack will never stop. If one is inadvertently, he will be multiplied by it.But what if there is no spiritual power? What kind of attack is this blue luster?Long Haochen used so many skills one after another, not to defeat his opponents, but to use his remaining spiritual power as quickly as possible. Especially in the final consumption, the final skills were launched.The lack of spiritual power as the backing of the rounding sword can naturally not withstand the impact of the dragon's blow, so that the blue glory will be dispersed.All this seems simple, but in fact it is a combination of wisdom and strength. If it wasn't for Long Haochen that blocked the blue brilliance before, then the stormy attack itself had not been hurt. This battle is still hard to say. Although the blue glory did not have a real murderous presence, Long Haochen vaguely felt that if he lost, I am afraid that will be lost.Everything is in the dark. All the brilliance has disappeared. In the darkness, only Long Haochen's slight breathing was heard.Suddenly, just in front of Long Haochen, a shining light shines.Under the shining light, everything around it will be clear.The cave is still a cave. But it was much smaller than when he first saw it. Just before Long Haochen, there was a small circular platform. The light is shining from the Cretaceous platform.It was a sword, a sword suspended on the platform. The blade is down and the hilt is on.Compared with the traditional Cavalier Epee, this sword is slightly smaller. The blade is about three feet six inches long. From the sword to the end of the hilt, it is about one foot two inches long. A total of four feet eight inches.The blade is golden, but it is a restrained golden color. There are many fine inscriptions on the ridge. These inscriptions are put together and presented as a strange hibiscus flower shape that has been brought together to the sword money.The color of the sword money has changed, no longer gold, but deep blue, sword crocodile generous, carved into a leading shape, that golden blade is like the general out of the mouth of the dragon.The downwardly extending hilt is the dragon. Although the size of the dragon and the dragon seems somewhat disproportionate, it has a strange sense of coordination.On the deep blue hilt, there is a soft blue glow, in the middle of the sword, which is the position of the longan. Each side is inlaid with an oval shape, a golden gem larger than the gold coin.The dragon tail with the hilt at the end of the hilt shows a three-inch long fork. It looks very sharp, and the branches are closed, and the two sides are inlaid with aqua blue gems.Seeing this sword, Long Haochen’s eyes almost straightened. Since becoming a knight, he has seen a lot of weapons and equipment, especially his most commonly used epee, focusing on nature. However, he had never seen a sword that could be cast as dazzling as it was.More importantly, he seems to feel the sword breathing, and it seems to be alive. Just after stepping in here, I felt the golden and blue light reappeared. It was just a lot more gentle than it was then. Especially the golden glow on the blade was a step towards the dragon's morning. Step to it.It's so beautiful. It's really beautiful. It's perfect.When Long Haochen's mind was slightly awake, he was surprised to find that he had already reached the platform and stood in front of the sword.Swallowed his saliva vigorously. This, this is the knight's temple rewarded to their own preliminary prizes it? Even if only looking, he can feel the preciousness of this sword.Carefully lift your right hand and slowly hold the hilt in front of you. Suddenly, Long Haochen only felt that a huge sucking force firmly gripped the palm of his hand. Immediately thereafter, the violent tingling came from the palm of the hand.Suddenly in the heart, Long Haochen did not try to release his hand because he clearly felt that the air from the sword to the self was only telling him that it would not harm him.A drop of blood descends along the palm of Long Haochen's hand, slides into the hilt and flows into the golden jewel at the sword's temple.A glimpse of blood spread upwards, immersed in the dragon until the gemstone at the tail of the dragon.The violent turmoil of the “嗡” almost appeared in the next moment. The sword in his hand suddenly burst out with 10,000 rays. Long Haochen almost subconsciously raised the long sword high.The golden light transits around the blue and the CD, and turns into a huge beam of light that goes straight to the top of the cave. The powerful spiritual power surges erupt in an instant.The cool, gentle air flows into the palm of his hand for a moment, but in a flash, the pain in Lunge's palm disappears. At the same time, the six words appeared in his mind in order."Blue Rain, Hibiscus of Light."Yang Haohan has been quietly standing in the direction of the valley. At this time, there was one more person around him, and it was the knight's temple Paladin Han Yan."Doesn't you say that he can take that sword? For so many years, countless people have tried and failed. This includes his father."Yang Xiaohan smiled and said: “I hope he can succeed. Blue Rain and Hibiscus of Light is a sword that was handed down from the glorious era. This was a double sword, and was later merged into one by a Godsman. This sword is a self-made sword and has been set by the ancient elf royals to seal the mind storm. All people close to it will be pulled into the seal for examination. Only by the examiner can it be possible to get it."“No one knows how far the blue rain and the Hibiscus of Light can reach, according to the records left by the elven royals. They called this sword a sword of miracles. Since it was cast, it has never been seen. A master, even if it was the power to cast it, would not work, because no one could get the recognition of the two Swords within it. So the high elf royal family was collected here with the storm seal. Wait for someone."“It is said that the most amazing thing about this miracle sword is that as long as it recognizes the master, then it will only be used for it. It is like blood vein equipment. Regardless of the master’s strength, it will have corresponding strength. Shuangjianling will grow up with the owner's growth, have you ever heard of growth weapons, and you can grow on your own without any additional inlays and inscriptions, even if it's an artifact? Do it."Han Yan was full of surprises in his eyes. “Sure enough, it is a sword of miracles. So, if this child can get its approval, this sword can be used all the time.”Yang Xiaohan laughed and said, "Don't ask me. No one has ever owned this sword, and he hasn't recorded every aspect of its use. Who said it well?"Han Yan Hehe laughed: "The Lord, this time you are bleeding!"Yang Xiaohan smiled a little and said: “This sword could not have been used by anyone. Let him try something else. The old man of Holy Moon, even the samurai sword, gave the reincarnation of the Holy Girl. We also had a Knight Temple. A bright son, just a blue rain, a hibiscus of light, are they still not willing to take it out? We can't be compared to others!""I did not expect that Xingyu actually had such a son. It just made me unreasonable that he should have discovered that the son is the son of the bright son. Why didn't he send it to the temple and cultivate it?"Han Yan said: "Maybe it is for the sake of heart.""Yeah?" Yang Yihan gave a brief glimpse, but suddenly realized: "You mean, Xingyu wants the child to gradually increase through sharpening in the outside world. This has stronger survivability."Han Yan smiled and nodded. "At least for now, this child is an absolutely qualified knight in my eyes. It's rare for him to be as old as he is. A good talent must also appear on a suitable person to bloom. The most brilliance!"He just said here, in the distance, riding a dragon valley, is a bright light sky.Gold and blue, two-color blend, golden light in, blue hovering outside. In a flash, the blue sky and white clouds reflected in the sky were dark."It was really successful." Yang Yihan's eyes revealed a hint of surprise.Han Yan is opening his mouth. "This is too fast. It's just...", ""Yang Xiaohan smiled and said, "I have expected this to happen. This child is the child of light. Although the blue rain and the Hibiscus of light are dual attributes, they are mainly light. The light attribute encounters the bright constitution of the child. Will you attack him? Don't worry, wait. He still needs a fusion process."I think it's beautiful to write Blue Rain and Light Furong. Originally wanted to use black dots to connect, but the starting point does not seem to show this character, use the number, we forgive me.