Chapter IV Quasi-Knight Assessment (2)Li Xin was also very curious to stand on the sidelines. Nalan Yi, who was the owner of the temple, was an earthly knight and a fifth-order career. In the Temple Alliance is also a rare strong. It was only a letter that could have made him so deferential that he became so respectful that there must be a problem.But when she tried to conspire to see it, Narendra had already accepted the letter. Then nodded toward Long Hao in the morning and said, "Come with me," he said as he turned and walked outwards.Long Haochen followed Narendra to three floors and curious Li Xin also followed.The first floor of the Zhaiyue Temple is mainly reception, the second floor is the office where all kinds of affairs are handled, and the third floor is where the examinations are conducted. The knights who belonged to the temple of the moon were inhabited by special kiosks behind the temple.The three floors were already on top of the ground floor of the hall. When they entered here, Long Haochen suddenly felt a bit strange in the air. The third floor is a very spacious hall. It is five meters high and looks nowhere. On the surrounding walls, there are symbols and lines, and there are vague glories.Narendra had only come to the center of the trial hall before it stopped. A gentle blue light came out of his right hand, and a pillar-like presence rose on the ground. The whole body is dark and does not see what the material is.Narendra said to Long Haochen: "What did your teacher ask you to do here? Do you know?"Long Haochen shook his head and said: "The teacher said you will tell me."Nalan nodded and nodded, saying: "Sung Yuen adults let you come to conduct a prospective knight assessment. We start now, you fully attack the black pillars, can be from any direction."Hearing a few words from the prospective knight, Li Xin next thought that she had problems with her ear.How old is Long Hao Chen? Up to eleven or two years old? He has been known as the strongest genius in the history of the Luyue Palace, and was also a prospective knight who passed the age of thirteen. Looking at Narendra's appearance does not seem to be a joke, but also listen to his tone. Is it even higher than the Nalandian masters? Is it not a sixth-order blaze knight? God! The Jade Knight can already be called the owner of the main temple in the major cities of the Temple Alliance. How can we allow our disciples to come to the temple for assessment?Li Xin is full of doubts on this side. On the other side, Long Haochen has already started to work.Black flashes of black light, Long Haochen pulled out a fine iron sword, when the sword began to start, his entire person's temperament suddenly occurred in earth-shaking changes.The shy boy suddenly turned cold and his eyes were firm and persistent. The whole body gave people a feeling of stability like a rock. It was virtually a kind of swaying power. There is still a little bit like a 10-year-old child.In front of the rushing step, the two simplest knights attacked and completed the attack.A muffled sound, fine iron sword squatted on the black stone pillar.With a loud bang, the soft blue glow turned directly on the wall around the auditorium, and then an accurate figure appeared over the black pillar.Spiritual power of 107, whether it is Nalan Yi or Li Xin, at this time can not help but open their eyes. One hundred spiritual powers means breaking into the second-tier career. Even if spiritual power is only at the second-order level, it is second-order! And, don't forget that Long Haochen did not use any skills to increase his own skills during the test. It's just a mere chop.Not only they, Lian Long Hao Chen himself was shocked. Has my spiritual power been already 107? This was his first test since the 25-point spiritual power was tested in the Odinzi Palace, but he did not expect it to be the result. In one year, only one year later, his own spiritual power actually reached this level. Quasi-knight, I was already a prospective knight.The sensation of excitement spread throughout the body. At this moment, Long Haochen only felt that all his efforts in the past year were worth it.It takes only one year for a child to rise from spiritual 25 to more than 100 and break through to a second-tier career. Although it can't be said to be unique to the continent, it can definitely be described as a miracle.Long Haochen’s own efforts are undoubtedly indisputable. However, the hot spring medicine soup that Xingyu gave him every day and the former strongman of the Assassin Temple also played a significant role in the dredging of his body's meridians. Without the soaking of hot spring medicine soup every day, how can Long Hao still continue to cultivate? I'm afraid it's just a coma that is enough for him to rest for more than a week.One year, he has already laid a solid foundation for his body.Narendra gradually recovered and looked at the sudden changes in the eyes of Long Haochen. It was like seeing rare treasures. The chubby face even showed a bit of charming color. “Your name is Long Hao. In the morning, how old are you this year?"Long Haochen subconsciously said: "Ten years old."Nalan Yi and Li Xin once again suck a cold, 10-year-old prospective knight? This can no longer be described with the word genius. It should be said that the Wizards are more appropriate."The Lord of Narendra, I considered it through evaluation?" Long Haochen asked.Narendra said: "This is the case. According to the general procedure, the prospective knight will pass as long as the spiritual power is achieved. But in the letter, the division said that you must challenge you to a knight and hold on to this knight's attack. Above the clock, otherwise it will not be considered successful."For this request, Nalan Yi felt too harsh. Even a quasi-knight who is above the fifth level may not be able to hold a quarter of an hour under the hands of a real knight, not to mention the teenager who has just entered the knight class."Well, then please specify a knight." Long Haochen said, while the left hand took out another fine iron sword."I'm here, I'll be here." Li Xin came up with almost no hesitation. The handsome Xiao Zheng too was causing her too much curiosity. Ten-year-old prospective knight, what is this concept? She must try out how much fighting power this little parachutist has.Na Lan glanced at Li Xin and nodded and said, "Be careful."Li Xin laughed and said, "Relax uncle Nalan. I'm not willing to hurt him. He is my younger brother."While saying, Li Xin also pulled out the double swords behind her. Compared to the simple fine iron sword in Long Haochen's hands, her double swords are more gorgeous, and the sword is exudes a pale golden luster, three feet long and two inches long. The engraved runes exude a strong sacred atmosphere.Li Xin holding a pair of swords fixed his eyes and looked at Long Haochen, but he was secretly taken aback. Because of the weapons he held, the temperament had extremely obvious changes. It wasn't the shy boy before. A bit fierce, faint, even let myself feel some pressure.Nalan Yi retired a few steps and reverberating: "Start it." With him as a referee, he is also confident that the two parties will not hurt each other.