Chapter 41 Unusual, Assassin Queen (Part 2)There is no doubt that the best way to deal with the Assassins is a strong defense plus the powerful force that is now invincible. Fang Zhu’s choice is quite correct.The bears of King Kong’s giant bear stretched out and picked up Fang’s body and sat down on his shoulders. Then its huge body stood upright.This guy's body is extremely stout and upright, and it is nearly four meters high. The majestic figure is like a hill. It is in stark contrast to the adoptive child who is not far from where it is slowly moving.The King Kong Giant Bear is a six-level World of Warcraft. There is only one talent skill and it is called the earth roar. It can produce earthquake-wave-like indiscriminate all-round ground attacks. Its greatest feature is its thick, fleshy skin, strong defense and strength.Taking a huge step forward, he rushed toward Cherer.Fang Zhu’s staff was a flash of light and a soft yellow light shrouded him and King Kong’s giant bear, making his body like a stick on the shoulders of a giant diamond bear. No matter how the giant bear acts, Will not dump him.Just then, Geer suddenly moved.The so-called "quiet" movement is like taking off rabbits. At the moment of adopting children's actions, because they are too fast, they even bring a series of afterimages. The distance between her and the giant bear was only a dozen meters away. She was almost just a flick, and she was in front of the giant bear.The King Kong giant bear is under the control of Fangzhu. The huge soles of the paws instantly slammed into a loud crash. The earth roared and the yellow seismic waves broke out in all directions.However, Caier showed her tyrannical power again to everyone. There is no dodge, no jump, but no back. The green bamboo stick in the hand moves up and down, making a provocative move.A dark shadow flashed and a jaw-dropping scene appeared. The all-round seismic wave was cracked before the child's body. It seemed as if it had been sharpened by the blade. It did not affect her momentum. . In the next moment, Fang Chu could not see the figure of Caier.The contestants who took a rest just faintly saw two flashes of dark golden light flicker. Immediately afterwards, the Vajrapani giant bear, which was extremely defensive, turned out like a pusher of gold and fell down to the ground. It was a sturdy madness.Two blood arrows burst from the joints behind his knees. Immediately afterwards, a quiet figure had already floated like a smoke from the rear.The unipod is on the top of the King Kong Giant Bear. The end of the green bamboo stick is pressed on the bamboo big neck artery. No one doubts. She only needs a gentle movement to end the life of Fang Zhu.Sluggish, Fang Zhu has been completely sluggish. He never thought that his defeat would have been so easy. The sixth-grade King Kong giant bear does not even have any chance of confrontation with others.The King Kong giant bear reluctantly waved his bear's paw over his head. The child who responded to it only had a slight tremor.All of a sudden, everyone just saw that she had a dark golden brilliance on her body. The diamond bear's body stagnated instantly. The pair of thick bear's paws were unable to droop, and the mouth and nose were mad and sprayed. Heavy damage."I, I admit defeat." Fang Zhu wildly put down his staff. He lost, and the defeat was terrible. From beginning to end, he did not have the slightest resistance.On the main chalk table, there were some sluggish roads in Ling Di Sanshui: "What is that spiritual power, why is it dark gold?"The film caught her with the wind and smiled indifferently. "I don't know."Floating in the air, the children even did not even say a word, green bamboo sticks, slowly walked toward the direction of the rest area."The child wins." The referee swallowed his saliva slightly. This battle looked simple and straightforward, and it was so clumsy in the face of Xei's children, whether Fangzhu or his summoned beast.The rest area fell into a moment of silence, and almost everyone felt a tightness in their neck. Seeing the child's slowly moving back to the rest area, the participating young talents feel that their breathing is somewhat heavy.Speed, awesomeness, and the devastating viciousness of their lives have all brought them tremendous pressure. Even if they did not participate in this war, the mood at this moment is hard to calm.Too powerful, the Assassin Temple still has such a strong presence.Yang Wenzhao's neck is also tightening, and his chest seems to be in pain again. Now that he has begun to doubt, even if he rides a mount, can he compete with this girl?The children adopt the action to interpret the assassin's grace to everyone.Long Haochen looked blankly at Cheriel's return to his side and slowly sat down. Although he did not have the feeling of a tight neck, the eyes of Caier changed a lot. Slowly bowed his head, did not look at her again, silently thinking about something.The tender little hand quietly plunged into his palm, and the son of Zech didn’t speak, but a clever index finger moved in his palm.Long Haochen's original low-pitched heart was suddenly shaken. She is writing."What's wrong with you?" The itchiness brought these four words. It was a bit of an anomaly that made Long Haochen feel a little relieved.Long Haochen pulled her little hand and said in her soft white palm: "You are so powerful. Do you still need my guardian?"The child's palm trembled slightly. The backhand wrote in his palm: "You regret it?""No." Long Haochen blurted out and pulled her hand. Jane wrote: "I will never regret it."Zier silent, clenched his hand. After a long while, he once again wrote on his palm: "You are guarding not only my people but my heart."Long Haochen had a trembling heart and repeated in her heart the words she wrote: You are guarding not only my people but also my heart.In a flash, he only felt that something in his heart had been smashed, and his mood was suddenly clear.Yes! I want to protect her, what is the relationship with her own strength? What I have to do is guard. Is it because she is powerful and she doesn't do it?Caier only silently took hold of his hand, and after a slight hesitation, he slowly rested his head on his shoulder.The moment of contact, the hearts of both men and women were gently shaken. Long Haochen clearly felt that the children's hands had become hotter.Li Xin sat on the other side of Long Haochen and kept watching the movements on their side. When Caier leaned against Long Haochen's shoulder, that moment. She seemed to hear the sound of an eyeball falling behind her back.You know, these entrants who entered the top 16 are sitting in the first row. Almost everyone can see what happened before.At this time, nobody even looked at the eighth game in the game. All eyes were on Long Haochen and Caier.Well, that was the powerful female assassin who had just defeated the opponent in the game with almost continuous spikes. She, she was so innocent?Looking at the birdie who was lying on the head of Long Haochen's shoulders, I didn't know how many people in her heart had subdued her and the image of Queen Assassin.In eighteen eight, the game ended.Although the checkpoints drawn by the Knights Templar are not very good, there are still three people entering the top eight. Two assassin sanctuaries, a magical temple, a summoned temple, and a warrior sanctuary. Tomorrow, it will be more intense and intense octogeny and final battle. Moreover, the drawing of tomorrow's game is still random, "and there is still no limit to today's team rankings. Strong dialogues will surely be staged.This time, Long Haochen and Caier did not leave early. Instead, they eventually left. Li Xin did not bother them and quietly left."I want to invite you to dinner, can you?" Long Hao Chen whispered to her son, who was leaning on his side. His body is a bit stiff, and he also wants to try to catch her waist." Once again, he feels the moving arcs and slender softballs, but he is afraid of it.Caier slowly raised his head and sat upright. The face hidden under the veil was hot and scary, and shook his head gently. "No. You go back early. The game behind is very important." You want to maintain your state. ”"Oh." The heart was slightly disappointed." Long Haochen promised to say a word.The child's delicate ears moved slightly, whispering in subtle voices: "There is still time later."Long Haochen always listened to his eyes, and heard that he suddenly turned and looked directly into her eyes. "Chai, I, I..."Caier looked up at him with some doubts. "What's wrong?"Long Haochen swallowed a saliva and bravely said, "What I want to say is if, if I get the number one, can you make me hug? ”"Ah?" Caier's voice instantly increased by eight degrees. Suddenly, Long Haochen stood up and shook hands and said: "I'm sorry, I just like you too much. You just said I didn't say, don't be angry!"Although she couldn't see it, she could clearly feel his sincere and trepidation, smiled, and nodded gently to him. "Hmm," he cried.He stood up, spotted the bamboo sticks, and set himself up and flew away."Chai, you're slower." Long Haochen feared that she would fall because she couldn't blame her and quickly chased out.The main chalk seats are in a dark corner.Han Hao waved his fist hard. "It's kind. It's not a young age. The ability is really not small. The shadow, see it? The little girl just snuggled up beside him. Wow haha, it seems that this thing is It became!"“Your sister, ah!” Something gloomy with the wind said: “This development is really fast.”Han Fei giggled with a smile on his shoulders and said: "Brother, thank you! Thank you for your assassin's sanctuary to cultivate such a talented person. My heart is comforting.""However, I was very uncomfortable in my heart. Xiao Han, you are also in the eighth-order nine-level bottleneck. This seat to help you stimulate exciting potential, I believe Yang will not have an opinion of the old man."