Chapter 44 The Battle of Heaven (I)Huang Yi only thought about it. When the semi-finalist answers, if he encounters Long Haochen or Yang Wenzhao, he will directly admit defeat. Then in the next competition for third place, he will definitely face That assassin. Into the first three boards, to get a spirit furnace, and as a captain to select a player to join his own hunting demons is already his greatest hope.If you are lucky, when you draw lots tomorrow, you will get the assassin directly. Well, it's even easier. It is hopeful to enter the top two and compete for first place.Huang Yi always felt that his luck in this competition was good, especially in the previous group matches. If Wang Yuanyuan's play is better, I am afraid he will not be able to enter the top 16. "The knockout is up to now." His luck is also good. He has never met a particularly strong opponent. He hopes that luck can keep going with him.Huang Yi has already seen a glimmer of light. It seems that everything is developing in accordance with the circumstances of his plan. Suddenly, her son moves, and the body is like a black lightning straight toward Huang Yi's original position.Her flash, speed, and shadows are now in place.Huang Yi only felt that there was a layer of cold sweat in the back of the moment. If it wasn't for the fact that he had already moved, I'm afraid this rush will end.However, he did not have time to be fortunate. Caier had already reached his former position, but she did not launch an attack as Huang Yi expected. Instead, the green bamboo sticks are gently on the ground, leveraging on the rejuvenation. The resilient green bamboo sticks are like bowstrings, pushing the body of the child's body out.Yes, at the moment before his eyes, Caier was out of the moment, and Xu Xufei, the remnant of the air, disappeared.Where the neck and shoulders meet, heavy swiftness caused Huang Yi to lose consciousness and softly to the ground. The Earth Elemental Elves seemed to be frightened, and quickly turned into a yellow streamer and disappeared into his chest.Huang Yi collapsed softly, and behind him, the figure of Caier slowly moved from the direction toward the rest area.The participants in the spectators all sucked in cool air, especially Yang Wenzhao. He really wanted to ask. Did the girl really see it?It is clear that Huang Yi was taken. Caier was not affected by the rockfall technique at all, and the previous pause or the wrong direction was all about confusing him.In the end, that impulse was used directly in the air. When Huang Yi saw her disappear, she was actually behind Huang Yi at an unparalleled speed. It is natural that Huang Yi’s tragedy took a blow from the bamboo stick and became unconscious."Assassin's Temple, Cheriel wins."Caier has been back to sit down next to Long Haochen, watching her long Hao Chen can not help but some daze. He also clearly remembers the difficulties of his own fight with Huang Yi not long ago. If it is not the last summoned month, I am afraid I can not win the other side. However, in the face of the children, Huang Yi has become so fragile. With no skills used, Cherr even defeated opponents with ease."You're not affected by the sound, Caier." Long Haochen whispered.Adoption: "Although I can't see it, but my other five senses are much more acute than the average person, but how can the voice deceive me? Whether it's the fluctuation of his magic power or the smell he's sent out tells me clearly. Where is he?"Long Haochen said bluntly: "It turns out to be true." No wonder you will promise me that day...""Huh?" Picker had a confused look.Long Haochen said with a chuckle: "I mean, I am afraid that Yang Wenzhao is not your opponent either. We must change our agreement or not. If you get the first, I will let you hold it."After listening to him, Caichan's face was red, and he froze on him, but he did not say anything.It is no wonder that Long Haochen has no confidence in her. This is not just a question of strength. If he really lets him meet with Claire, he has no way to deal with her. How can he talk about going all out? For the rankings, Long Haochen did not see much weight. As Huang Yi had thought before, he thought he could enter the top three. It would be enough if he could get the reward.The eight games and four games were all over. The top four individuals in the current Hunting Moment Selection Competition were Long Haochen, Yang Wenzhao, Muning and Caier.Among them, Muning is another outlet of Assassin's Temple.At this time, the Sixth Temple remains only the Knights Templar and the Assassin Temple. Two to two, it seems that the overall strength should be stronger for the Knights Templar. However, the existence of Chern has made no one dare to ignore it. What is the strength of this girl, I am afraid that only the assassins of the temple know.Even if Munin finally bottoms out, if the children can win the final championship, then the brilliance of the Knights Templar will be stolen by the Assassin Temple.Moreover, the close relationship between Xei'er and Long Haochen is also seen in the eyes of many people. They are probably the youngest couples in the history of the hunting demon group, and they are probably the most potential pair of couples.After the delivery child returned to the residence, Long Haochen returned to the hotel directly to the night room.Looking at the arrival of Long Haochen at night, she smiled and said: "Is the match going well today?"Long Haochen smiled and said: "We have already entered the semi-finals."He described the process of today's game in detail.Evening eyes lit up, and hehe smiled: "Your results have been far beyond my expectations. It seems that you should not have to come back for the second time."After a bit of hesitation, Long Haochen said: "My teacher, I have something to discuss with you."Night Road: "You say it."Long Haochen said: “The children of Caier have also entered the semi-finals. Her strength is really strong. Huang Yi, who was able to win with the help of Haoyue, was unrestrained in front of her. It will be the semi-finals tomorrow. When I drew on the draw, I wanted to give up this field and compete for the third place.I have a good chance of defeating another assassin.As long as I enter the top three, I have the chance to get the spirit furnace.If my opponent in the semifinals is not I'm sure I will try my best to win."You chose to give up because you couldn't shoot her?" Nightingale understood this disciple too. Although Long Haochen is naturally good-natured, he has a staunch character and will never give up because of his opponent's strength.Long Hao Chen nodded his head gently.After Silent Night's silence, said: "This is your game. You decide for yourself."Long Haochen had a glimpse of the morning. He thought he would beat himself with the teacher's character.Nightingale smiled slightly. "Don't think about it too much. A lot of things are destined. You have already overfulfilled this mission. Wait until the end of the competition, you will join the hunting demons, in the future you will have to face a lot of choices, the teacher can not always help you decide what. However, you have to remember that if you choose it, you do not regret it. Whether right or wrong, you must take responsibility for your own choice. ”"Yes." Long Haochen got the consent of Nightingale and suddenly felt relieved. After returning to the room, she left the room and went to practice.The door closed, the night was quietly sitting there, sighing, "stupid boy, how can it be so simple! If you both have entered the top three, then, according to the front of the tax rule, you can not The same team."He did not tell Long Bichen this sentence because he had selfishness. Why should his disciples give up more for a woman? Everything will let God decide.Nightlife did not know, precisely because he did not remind the dragons morning hunting demon rule, leading to Long Haochen encountered a lot of trouble.It was still a knight's trial field. After more than half a month's competition, it finally reached the semi-finals.When Long Haochen pulled the children's hand into the playing field together, the audience was quiet.The semi-finals are the stage for knights and assassins. It is also a positive competition between the two major temples. Who will get the first chance today? The first thing to do is to look for lots.Compared with the draw in the previous few days, Yang Wenzhao is particularly calm today. Having reached the stage of the semi-finals, he did not expect that he could draw any good sign. Although his gaze was calm, he was full of determination. No matter who he meets, he will try his best to win. At this time, he looks forward to meeting Long Haochen and Caier. For Long Haochen, he will win more if he wins, but if he is right, It was Caier, but he did not grasp it half-heartedly, because, according to the rules of the hunting group, if the Sky Knight encountered an assassin, the Sky Knight would not be allowed to ascend to the sky, but the assassin would not be covered by the column.Six deputy dignitaries, including Han Yu and Ying Feng, once again came to the center of the site of the Cary.Although the deputy temples of the other four temples are not in a good mood, this time it is easier. After all, the contestants in their respective temples have already been eliminated.The facial expressions of Han Tong and Ying Feng are all tense. No one knows what they are thinking about.The aura was separated from the semi-finals by six semi-private hosts and four semi-finalists.Han Hao took a deep breath and shouted: "The draw starts."Four hands lifted at the same time and fell on top of the halo. At this time, among the four draws, only the children were very calm.The eyes of the six deacons have become more focused and their perceptions have become particularly strong.The historic moment is about to come. Luck may be useful in the previous games. However, to the present level, luck can no longer play a major role.