Chapter 43 For the Glory of the Knights (I)Long Haochen rode the Haoyue and launched an assault on Liao Yu. Liao Yu jumped snow and the shadow leopard moved.He is only a summoner. Once he is knighted, he will announce his failure.Liao Yu's surprise is not less than the Yang Wenjian in the spectators. As a summoner, he asked himself that no one should be more familiar with Warcraft than his own. However, he didn't know Longji morning's mount. This three-headed creature that looks like a dragon is exactly what it is?Especially when he saw the bright light of different colors on the three heads of Haoyue, his face was even more constitutional. Magic has the property of gram, and the bright moon with three properties tells us that it is hardly subject to any restraint in its attributes.The Snow Shadow Leopard's speed is truly amazing, and it is full of power to start like a white lightning bolt, sweeping towards the side. Lyu Yu's curse continued, and he sang all the time. At the same time, he did not know where to take a necklace from around his neck. The body of the necklace is silver, with a pink gemstone full of pigeon eggs.The pendant of this color is obviously more suitable for girls, and it is a bit weird to be taken by such a youth as Liao Yu. However, he has no regard. Whether it is the dragon's morning that is gaining momentum, or the bright moon that shines in three colors, it brings him tremendous pressure.There is still a clear gap between the speed of Haoyue and Xueying, but it is extremely clever. It doesn't have to catch up with Xueying. It is only from the middle of the middle of the middle of the Cretaceous that it is followed by Snow Shadow Leopard, and it has not taken the lead in releasing the magic. . The knight's test field is 300 meters in diameter. Even if it is Laiyue body in the trial field, the Chouyang constantly oppresses the Snow Shadow Leopard. The distance between the two sides is always maintained at more than 100 meters. Such a distance is impossible to attack opponents with Haoyue's current magical cultivation.Liao Yu's chanting has never stopped and he kept a high frequency of reverberating in the test field. The pink gems on the necklace began to emit a pink halo. "Integration with the light emitted by the white staff in his hands. One by one strange symbols emerged around the body of Liao Yu. Make up a strange pattern. .The momentum of Long Haochen did not stop. After the spiritual power was transformed into a liquid state, his momentum was reduced. However, the effect of the liquid spirit on the momentum was significantly increased. At this point his body is changing towards gold. The Holy Ghost has been fully rendered into gold. The pressure of unparalleled divine sacrifice constantly erupting from his rising body is also becoming stronger and stronger.The snow shadow leopard's physical strength is ultimately limited. When it ran around the knight's trial field for three weeks at its maximum speed, the explosive force gradually decreased and the speed slowed down.It was at this time that Liao Yu’s spell was finally completed.It can be clearly seen that there are a total of thirty-six odd symbols around his body. These symbols are pink and like a pink gauze covering him.A terrible gas filled with terror suddenly broke out at the completion of these strange symbols, and the threat of terror shook the protective shield around the entire test field.On the main chalk table, a group of strong men and women who looked at each other in disbelief, said Lin Chen: “Now are the young people so powerful? What is this? Wild animal warfare summons?”For the wildland of Warcraft, are dissimilar ancient passed down, more powerful than ordinary Warcraft. The most fragile and rare wild animal is also seven levels. They often only have traces of existence in some special places and in deep mountains and big mountains.Thirty-six pink symbols rose and spread outward, turning into a giant pink halo that slowly disappeared into the air. However, along with their disappearance, a transpirational blush also appeared on top of Liao Yu’s head. At this time, Haoyue suddenly moved.In the previous deal, it showed a very normal speed is only six general speed of Warcraft only. But at this instant, a strong blue light flashed onto it, causing its large body to float. At the same time, a strong glaucoma flashed out from behind him and drove his massive body at an astonishing speed into a blue glow towards Liao Yu.It is not only Xiaoqing that has the action.A stunning red light rose into the sky, turning into a circle of crimson halo and red light recoil. It fell from the sky and landed on the dragon's morning where the body had become completely golden.This is an auxiliary version of the fire dance, five peak fire assisted magic.The explosion of strong golden red flames suddenly took place in the dragon's morning on the back of the moon. It was like the god of war.The ability of Xiaoguang to use his power was not as dazzling as Xiaoqing and the small fire looked. However, from his head, three golden rings of light broke out.Attack halo, glow aura, belief halo. One of the shining auras is not even Long Haochen. This aura can instantly increase the attack power of all light attribute skills by 20%, and it also compresses light elements.It's not just Liao Yu who sang incantations. They had already prepared their spells for three months. Xiaoguang, Xiaohuo, and Xiaoqing actually broke out six skills in an instant. Four assisted and two accelerated. Almost in a flash, the fighting power of Long Haochen was lifted to its peak.Liao Yu's face has some variations. His powerful summoner with the order of the media can only launch a strike, but he is absolutely confident that he can defeat Long Haochen.However, at the same time when this summoned magic was completed, it was influenced by the barbaric coercion. The speed of snow shadow leopard underneath the body was greatly reduced. Together with the snow leopard's physical strength, there was no small consumption, and the speed was no better than Haoyue is fast. The key thing about the United States and Canada is that he needs a three-question release process to summon magic. And at this time, Haoyue was jointly launched by the wind magic scroll technique and wind column technique, pushing the body to rush at such a swift speed.The time of this month’s launch was not for Long Haochen to let it do so, but the timing of Haoyue’s own control. Even Long Long’s morning was unclear, for it could make such keen judgments. The perception of Long Haochen is clearly determined only at the next moment.It is only a half-time, and Haoyue has already carried Dragon's morning across 100 meters. At this time, what Liao Yu can do is only to drive Snow Shadow Leopard as far as possible to fight for this last bit of time.White light, in the moment from the dragon's chest at the beginning of thinning out, vaguely able to see that he had a small white tripod on the chest tripod suspended, soft white light quietly fell on the snow leopard body. The mad running snow leopard subconsciously looked back at Long Longchen. Immediately afterwards, a strong suction force suddenly pulled it out. Under the stature, the snow shadow leopard nearly crossed.Gold, brilliant golden color, just like the shaking Changhong generally born, the Holy Spirit sword, dazzling light and fire dissolved as the most dazzling light edge.A huge three-meter-long gold sword emerged from the world, with a distorted light pattern, with the unique flavor of the sun and the fresh air after being burned by the fire, with a dazzling plume of fire, breaking away.Light sword, real light sword. With the prestige of power and the increase of Haoyue, Long Haochen issued the most powerful blow of his life.This hit, even if the sixth-order strong does not stop its sharp, this hit, almost all of the Longli morning spiritual power.This is a compressed burst! The golden lightsaber broke into the pink cloud almost instantly, and the turbulent cloud suddenly condenses. Immediately thereafter, thousands of golden light burst from it.Vaguely, Long Haochen heard a cry. Although only a slight sound came, but at that moment, whether he was still a bright moon, there was a kind of lightning-like feeling. The vast coercion was accompanied by a deep sense of wrath.What exactly did he call? In the heart of Long Haochen suddenly gave birth to such a question. Although he destroyed the other party's call, he was not at ease at the moment. Vaguely, Long Haochen felt that he was too careless. Although this kind of fighting method was simple and straightforward, he still underestimated his opponent. If he really wants to complete the summoning just now, perhaps he has already lost.Liao Yu's eyes were full of reluctance, but his pale face was betrayed at this time.Long Haochen’s momentum is full of effort. How can he not complete his summoned magic? Without the expense of overdraft, without the medium of things on his chest, he could not complete this magic at all.Moreover, his seriousness of overdraft is enough to be equivalent to the sacrifice that Long Haochen had ever used. With his physical fitness and self-response ability, there is no ten days that cannot be eased. In other words, this war even if he won Long Haochen, "I'm afraid it will be difficult to participate in the next game.Liao Yu chose this because of his keen perception. What Long Haochen did not know was that the opponent in front of him was similar to him, and he was also an exception to his innate spiritual power.Otherwise, he would not be able to break the fifth-order order of the most difficult cultivator of the six major temples at the age of twenty.When Long Haochen summoned Haoyue, Liao Yu was keenly aware of the gap between himself and his opponent. He asked if he couldn't break the momentum of Long Haochen. The World of Warcraft he could summon could not be stronger than Haoyue. So, he can only take a risk, hoping to be in the top four.Unfortunately, after all, he still lost. Although the loss is not very heart-hearted, but the outcome has been divided, what else can he do?