Chapter 43 For the Glory of the Knights (middle)Shining world, spiritual feedback. Long Haochen was supported by Xiaoguang and the nearly exhausted spiritual power slowly recovered. However, Haoyue has already rushed to the opponent.Snow Shadow Leopard also wanted to rebel, and it was not allowed to move directly under the flames and sneeze in flames. Xiaoqing was biting his neck.Looking at Long Haochen, Liao Yu, rigged, sighed. "I lost."Long Haochen asked: "I'm curious, what you just wanted to call is Warcraft. The power is so powerful."Liao Yu did not hide. Although he could not be reconciled to losing, he was also very impressed with the strength of Long Haochen. In the end, that sword can be more than just an opportunity. If there is not enough powerful power, it is impossible to break the cloud of summons."It is a wild bird, a variant of the tenth animal beast Phoenix.Although I can only summon it to launch a strike, the power of this attack is comparable to Level 8 World of Warcraft. It is also equivalent to the attack of the seven-step professional. Really summoned success, I am afraid that the outcome will be reversed. ”Long Haochen's heart began to shock, secretly thought that there was no easy way to go to this stage in the trial. Really letting him complete the summoning, he will not only lose, but I am afraid he will be hit hard. The eighth-level Warcraft attack is so easy to resist.In terms of their speaking time, Snow Shadow Leopard has fallen to the ground and his head has been bitten by Xiaoqing.Long Haochen jumped down to support Liao Yu, who had been unable to support his body. "It seems that there is a problem with my tactical choice. I should not use the momentum to deal with you."Liao Yu said frankly: “I didn't expect you to have a Holy Spirit. And if I hadn't guessed correctly, your Holy Spirit should have evolved once. If possible, I sincerely hope to be able to share with you when you Together.”Long Haochen smiled and said: "I hope too." Without a doubt, Liao Yuna was the first person in the soul-hunting sanctuary of this hunting demon group. If he can be with him in a team, it is naturally a good thing. "Hang, here," Long Haochen can't help but think of Chen Yinger who had questioned him this morning. Compared with the girl who didn't call her, Liao Yu was obviously much better.The staff quickly entered the field and helped Liao Yuxi out. Naturally there is a priest's temple for him.After returning to Haoyue, Long Haochen strode toward the rest area. Fists also tightened. Into the semi-finals, only one step away from the top three. From the first, only two battles remain.The second game was the assassin sanctuary and the warrior sanctuary who were lucky enough to draw lots.However, the lucky draw does not mean that their battle is easy. On the contrary, this is the worst match in the knockout round so far.The repairs were made at the “Temple of Warriors”. This advancer was stronger and had broken through the fifth rank. The Assassin's Temple was the fourth-order peak. There was a qualitative gap between the two.However, the assassin of the Assassin's Temple, who is able to enter the top eight, is also quite tyrannical. He also has three secret skills in his body, and he has carried out an arduous battle with the huge pillars raised in the field.The entire battle lasted for nearly half an hour. In the end, the assassin repulsed his opponent's swift sword into the shoulder and smashed the armor at the throat of his opponent with an astonishing will. Sword seal throat.Of course, he did not really kill his opponent, but he eventually won the battle with the cost of serious injuries. If you summed up the secret of his victory, then "that is tolerant of the word." After being suppressed from beginning to end, he finally won with a backlash. Weak and strong, defeated the fifth-order opponent. Suddenly advance to the semifinals.This game caused the shadows on the main chalk table to nod along with the wind and decided to train the assassin carefully after this trial.The next game was the civil war of the Knights Templar.Before Yang Wenzhao stood up and walked into the trial room, he deliberately watched Long Haochen. At that time, he looked very calm. Peace of mind.Before the appearance of Long Haochen, he was always hailed as the most talented young generation of the Knights Templar. This talent is not only manifested in the strength but also in the mentality.The strength of Long Haochen and Caier also inspired Yang Wenzhao’s morale. No matter who is the opponent of the next round of the top four, he will surely go all out with him.Yang Wenzhao’s opponent, a very low-key knight, looks ordinary and has nothing surprising, but he is extremely calm. Looks older than Yang Wenzhao."Yang Wenzhao, a Knight Temple, is preparing for the memory of the Knights' Temple. Both sides are prepared."In the preliminary stage of the Knights Templar, Long Haochen was defeated by Yang Wenzhao and Yang Wenzhao was beaten by Caier and failed to continue the game. This is the first place in the preliminary game of the Knights Templar. His strength is naturally unusual.With the referee uttering all of them, both did not hesitate to call out their own mounts, both sides are fifth-order, in addition to their own strength competition, and then the strength of the horse. Just as Longhao Chen went all out, Yang Wenzhao no longer has any reservations.Today's Yang Wenzhao, who is also a silver and white armor, is only slightly different from Long Haochen, and he is still a pair of golden epee.What differs from him is that the memetropy is black and his shield and epee are also black. This is very rare in the Cavaliers. Moreover, the weapons and equipment for memorizing memories are much thicker than normal equipment.Long Haochen had already taken a seat back at the time of her child's side and was watching the war. He has not seen Yang Wenzhao's mount yet. At this time, he is able to observe through this battle. Perhaps because Yang Wenzhao once defeated him, in his heart he hopes Yang Wenzhao can beat his opponent.The golden epee in both hands drew an extraordinary brilliance in front of him and the six-pointed star golden array bloomed in front of Yang Wenzhao."Hilary Law" was accompanied by a long sigh, and in the sound of exclamation in the rest area, a unicorn was presented in front of the crowd.It is full of snow-white, the bristles on the neck are golden, and a thread-like gold horn stands proudly on top of the head. With a pair of huge wings, the white outer wings of the white wings are golden. There is a circle of golden rings underneath.It turned out to be the star unicorn.Long Haochen had seen the beauty of this unicorn with her own eyes, and was even rejected by the King of Stars and Unicorns. His memories of this noblest unicorn are very profound. He really did not expect that Yang Wenzhao's mount would be a star-glazed unicorn.In front of him, this star-shaped unicorn was about a hundred feet tall, about eight feet high, and a pair of white wings slowly spread out. Although it was still underage, it was still a god.You know, Starlight Unicorn is regarded as the best rider of the Cavaliers. Although the adult star unicorn is eight-level Warcraft, but because of its high degree of fit with the Cavaliers, even some of the nine World of Warcraft mounts may not be able to compare with it. This also means that Yang Wenzhao was a Sky Knight.When Long Haochen praised him for starlit unicorns, on the other side, he also completed his mount.The memorable mount is far less beautiful and dazzling than the star-lit unicorn. However, the volume is terrible.Huge body up to two feet away, the length is more than thirty feet, stout limbs, like four giant columns in general. The red-haired hairs drooped down and there were two giant fangs in the mouth. The most peculiar thing was that there was a gold-colored single horn above the head.Golden Horn Mammoth, Light, Fire double-level eight peaks of Warcraft. Oh, no, this Golden Horn Mammoth is also underage. The adult Golden Horn Mamma is probably twice as big. Even if this is the case, this terrible World of Warcraft is probably even in the six-level peak or the strength of seven or so even on top of the star unicorn.Yesterday's knockouts, whether Long Haochen, Yang Wenzhao, or memorized words, "had not released their own mounts. Today, when they released their respective mounts for the game, there was no sound on the rostrum.Although other Pingtung temples are somewhat reluctant to admit it, they all understand it. The knight's temple ranks first is indeed well-deserved.Young and big knights are not just powerful ones!Whether it is Long Haochen, Yang Wenzhao or memorized memory, it can be said that it is a genius rider, and even Han Yu, who was eliminated by Long Haochen because of pride in the preliminary round, is also a fifth-order knight. There was even another fifth-order knight that was eliminated in yesterday’s game. Even Li Xin, the maid with a rose unicorn, entered the top 16 of the tournament.If it is not bad luck to draw, maybe tomorrow's semifinals will be the one-man show of the Knights Templar.Yang Wenzhao stepped to the next step, and then continued to star unicorn. On the other side, Golden Horn Mammoth is actually a bit high, and it's unrealistic to jump up. However, there is also a method for memory loss. When Golden Horns Mammoth lifts up one forefinger and breaks up and jumps up and jumps up, he first steps on the front hooves, and then he jumps up again and rides smoothly. Golden Horn Mamma's stout neck.Xingyao Unicorn run a few steps, wings began to gliding, light golden glow constantly spread from under the feet, noble, elegant, dazzling, Shen Jun.Seeing the way the star-unicorn unicorn emptied, Long Haochen only heard a sound of praise from behind.The Yang Wenzhao who rides on the back of the star unicorn is full of Prince Charming's temperament.However, not everyone is admired, with at least one exception.Chen Yinger sitting beside Wang Yuanyuan, watching Yang Wenzhao vacated, yelled: "Saobao"