The 45th chapter decisive battle Yang Wenzhao! (in)However, despite the fact that the future members of the competition borrowed demons to guess Yang Wenzhao’s strength, they did not guess the final result.Even at this time, in their eyes, the overall strength of Long Haochen should be inferior to that of Yang Wenzhao. However, the final result is a victory. Belong to Long Haochen's victory.From beginning to end, he even completely suppressed Yang Wenzhao, did not give Yang Wenzhao any chance to fight back, achieved success in one battle, and won the final victory.Yang Wenzhao's plan during the battle is not correct, but his biggest mistake is the judgment of Haoyue.There is a relationship of blood ties between Long Haochen and Haoyue. This is a feeling of complete blood connection. Even if they are in different planes, they can keep in touch. When they feel each other's dangers, they can be sent to the other side the first time.In this case, Long Haochen does not need any summon spell or rune at all, and he can easily complete the call to Haoyue. Moreover, he can even use the spiritual connection to inform the moon in advance to prepare skills. This is why when Haoyue first appeared, three magics were immediately released. It is also these three skills that created Long Haochen before the emergence of Xingyao Unicorn, a blow to kill, defeated Yang Wenzhao.The first magic is Xiaoqing's floatation technique, which instantly reduced the weight of Long Yu's morning. You know, although Long Haochen was only 14 years old and he was not very heavy, his armor and two double-edged swords were not light. The reduction in weight made him the most favorable propeller for Haoyue's tail. The speed surged and caught up with Yang Wenzhao in the assault.The second magic is the small fire's super burst of fireballs, it is this stuff that opened Yang Wenzhao at least more than half of the defensive power, and even the star spirits have cracks.The third skill that Xiaoguang sent out was a gaining light magic, which was somewhat similar to the glory, but it was different. It was a one-time infusion of some highly concentrated light elements of Long Haochen. Because of the bloody relationship between Long Haochen and Haoyue, the connection of blood and blood allows him to directly use this element of light for his own use. Instantly illusions out two sacred swords.The crossed crossbow that suddenly broke out on these two sacred swords became the ultimate blow that ended Yang Wenzhao.This was Long Yuchen’s mercy, and he did not use the power of the sword. Otherwise, Yang Jianzhao’s body has been divided into four pieces.After completely defeating Yang Wenzhao, then it is simple.” The traction ability of Shengli Linglao was launched again, and Yang Wenzhao who lost the resistance was dumped on Haoyue. When Yang Wenzhao’s life is threatened, even if the star unicorn is stronger, it is not It is possible to reverse the war situation.Yang Wenzhao is right in judging that the star unicorn strength is indeed more than Haoyue, and the increase in the light system is not comparable to Haoyue. However, he was wrong in the match between partners. What is the equivalent of the equitable contract between him and Xingyao Licorne?If the two sides come up to each other to put on their own posture to summon a World of Warcraft partner to fight, the end result is likely to be a lose-lose. Yang Wenzhao wins as the Sky Knight. However, with the help of the three properties of the moon, Long Haochen is not without opportunities.What is a pity is that the outcome of a battle is often not measured by absolute power. It is likely that many changes will occur during the battle. Among them, the tactics are most likely to lead to changes.The referee announced that the next moment, he had come before Yang Wenzhao.In the gesture of Long Haochen, Xiaoqing released his mouth and gave Yang Wenzhao a count.Bringing a white light shone and falling on Yang Wenzhao, he treated his rather light wound. In addition to the referees, there are stars and unicorn released. At this time it has quickly rushed to Yang Wenzhao's side, from time to time to see the bright moon not far away, showing obvious hostility.Long Haochen also released the Holy Light Mask attached to the Emerald Bracers for the first time. At the same time, the Blue Rain and the Hibiscus Ray of Light radiated a faint blue light. This is the Radiant Water Technique.Both light and water magic have a therapeutic effect, light is the exciting potential for self-healing, and the water system is healing wounds with vitality to fuse. If the two are used together, they complement each other and have an additive effect on treatment.This battle, it seems that Long Yuchen completely suppressed Yang Wenzhao, but in fact, the pressure he himself is also tremendous. From the beginning to the end, his attack did not stop. Otherwise, how can Yang Wenzhao's repairs fail to summon the star unicorn in time? Under such convergence, he himself was under tremendous pressure. At this time, the advantages that some outsiders can't see appear. It is the spiritual power of Long Haochen.In terms of inner spiritual power, Long Haochen is a first level earth rider, certainly inferior to Yang Wenzhao of the third level sky knight. However, his spiritual power is not comparable to Yang Wenzhao. "The two moons have evolved twice" has promoted the spiritual power of Dragonfly to increase with the change of blood. The magical epee of Blue Rain and Light Hibiscus is continuously nourishing his body. Yang Wenzhao's external spiritual power It is very likely that only: more than one hundred, it will never be able to reach Lan Bai, and the external spiritual power of Long Haochen will probably be more than 400. It is just that no special magic apparatus has been used for testing, and even he himself is not sure how much the external spiritual power is. .The strength of the external spiritual force made Long Haochen’s own capacity far exceed Yang Wenzhao’s ability. Although he was injured under continuous forcible use of skills, he was still within the range he could afford.Looking at the hands of the blue rain, light of the Hibiscus on the crisp light, Long Hao Chen thought in the heart, if the cross sword that crosses the sword can not beat him, perhaps, he really want to use this handle with the sword The strongest skills are now. Only then, I am afraid that will give him irreparable trauma.The huge white beam of light enveloped Yang Wenzhao's body. His robust referee skills announced his strength.Saint healing, guardian knight eighth-order skills. The final referee was impressively an eighth-order Paladin.Under the influence of Shenghe, the huge wounds behind Yang Wenzhao healed at an alarming rate. He also slowly stood up with the help of the referees.Looking to Long Haochen, Yang Wenzhao revealed complex light in his eyes. He never thought that he actually lost. Lost to this young man who is significantly younger than he is.When he first saw him, he was still a fourth-order knight. At that time, though he performed amazingly, there was no chance in front of him.However, in less than a month, he defeated himself positively.Lost or lost, Yang Wenzhao will not give himself any reason. If he is facing the Mozu, he is now a dead body.Taking a deep breath, Yang Wenzhao nodded to the referee around him and motioned that he could control his body. The Paladin loosened his hand to hold him.Yang Wenzhao came slowly to Long Haochen step by step, his face was pale, but the complexities in his eyes gradually relieved.He has something to say to me? Yang Wenzhao, who looked at the limping dragons in the morning, met with great strides."You won," Yang Wenzhao said weakly.“It was a good trick.” At this time of Long Haochen, the warfare that had risen in the golden eyelids had quietly disappeared. The handsome face still took on a bit of juvenile childishness and purity, and his face was covered with a hint of bleary but full of emotions. Sunshine smile.Looking at his face, Yang Wenzhao is slightly lost. That's it! Ping Ping defeated himself in the year."Winning is winning. In the near future, I will not lose to you when competing against Miyoshi's base." As he said, Yang Wenzhao extended his right hand to Long Haochen.Long Haochen stretched out his right hand and shook him. "You seem to forget the team game that will begin soon."Yang Wenzhao showed a slight smile on his face and gently shook his head."We will continue to advance for the glory of the knight." Yang Wenzhao no sword in his hand, right fist contemptuous left chest."For the glory of the knight." Long Haochen also courtesy.In the direction of the main chalk seats, the top six temples slammed down and walked into the test field and came to them.Han Yu's voice once again rang through the audience."The individual tournament of the current hunting monsters is over. Champion, Long Haochen, Runner-up, Yang Wenzhao, and Ji Jun." Munning. A roulette organizing ceremony was held below. All the top 60 contestants entered the competition. ”After nearly a month's time, the individual game of the hunting demon group selection game finally came to an end. The final outcome surpassed everyone's guess. The Knights of the Knights took the top two and became the biggest winner. Long Haochen, who became famous in World War I, won the final championship at the age of only 14 and became the youngest individual champion in the Hunting Moment selection. However, in his mind, this championship did not belong to him, but belonged to the girl who silently supported him but could not be seen.Under the guidance of the staff, all contestants slowly entered the scene. On the other side, dozens of staff members pushed a huge platform with a large number of rollers underneath to enter the field.The platform is round and about 20 meters in diameter, with a huge roulette on it.Participants stood in two rows under the guidance of the staff. Among them, the remaining participants who entered the top 16 were standing in the first row, with the remaining people standing behind.Long Haochen and Yang Wenzhao stood shoulder to shoulder and watched the huge roulette in front of them. Suddenly, Long Haochen seemed to think of something and his face changed. Quickly turn around and look for the children in the crowd.Just as he was about to go to pick the children, to tell her an important thing, Han Yu's voice has once again sounded, "Long Haochen, Yang Wenzhao, and Munin, on stage."