Chapter 44 The Battle of Heaven (II)The extremely powerful referee at the center of the field looked at the dragon's head in the court with a puzzled look, and Mummy looked at the rostrum.After a long while, the podium floated down Han Yu's voice. "The game continues and the finals will begin."After the referee bowed slightly toward the side of the podium, he shouted: "Long Haochen is against Yang Wenzhao. Prepare to compete."The referee's mood at this time is also very good, because he is also a member of the Knights Temple, seeing his younger generation both in the finals, although Long Haochen has a certain amount of luck, but this is also the glory of the Knights Temple. what!Yang Wenzhao was slower than Long Yuchen before he stepped into the venue and turned to Long Haochen after the referee.The ordination of the twins of the Knights Temple finally meet again. This time, it was the finals of the hunting team's selection of the ultimate game.Yang Wenzhao looked at Long Haochen and was secretly taken aback. He could clearly feel the longevity of Long Haochen at this time.How is this going? In order for him to concede two games in a row, does not he feel awkward in his heart? After all, it was a victory that a girl gave him!Where did he know that Long Haochen and Caier had a gambling covenant. With the encouragement of Caier, his longing for victory has now reached its limit. Moreover, for Long Haochen, of course, it was because of the adoption of the children's defeat to enter the finals, but as long as he can defeat champion Yang Wenzhao in the finals, still able to fully prove his strength.Although it was the finals, the process of the start was still simple. The referee looked at both sides and confirmed it correctly. He shouted, "The game begins. Be careful not to let your hands fall." After he groaned, he slowly receded and represented. The mask at the beginning of the game emerged from around the venue.Accompanied by the referee, the two sides began to burst out at almost the same time.The golden light bursts into the sky, and intense, day-to-day warfare bursts out. Long Haochen's inner spiritual power has been suppressed for a long time. At this time, the release seems to be even more rampant than Yang Wenzhao.Yang Wenzhao does not show weakness. In the face of the pressure brought by Long Haochen, his momentum has also rapidly increased. The two men are confronted with each other, and the deep war is rising. They did not say anything. At this moment, in their minds, there is only this battle before each other.Long Haochen got his left and right hands, and the Holy Spirit sword appeared in the left hand. In his right hand, there was a dark blue halo first, followed by a golden light burst in the blue light, as if the light was ejected from the sword blade. .Blue Rain and Hibiscus of Light finally appeared in his hands and set foot on the battlefield.Instead of choosing to use the effect of the Holy Spirit's suit, he chose the Blue Rain and the Hibiscus of Light, which meant that during this battle, Long Haochen had chosen to attack and attack with his opponent in order to punish the discipline.Yang Wenzhao is also the same pair of golden swords and they both burst into a cry and invariably launch an assault on their opponents.They did not summon mounts, because at this time the distance between the two players was only 20 meters. They were all knights. The referee did not give the command to open the distance. At this time, it was only possible that they would be summoning the mount. Opponents take the lead.From the rest area, it can be clearly seen that the two groups of dazzling golden lights crashed into their opponents with unparalleled momentum. The resolute and decisive momentum and the strong and sacred strength all show their strong power to all.The two slammed into each other without any fancy spells. Then it turns into two clusters of gold and pops back.This time, actually repaired slightly inferior Long Haochen took the upper hand, he wanted to retreat less than Yang Wenzhao one meter.Yang Wenzhao was surprised by the fact that when he collided with Long Haochen, he clearly felt the madness of Long Haochen's body. That's right, it's crazy.At this time, Long Haochen has been completely ignited. He is now playing his combat ability at an ultra-level level.assault. Long Haochen took advantage of the first strike to instantly return and launched an assault on Yang Wenzhao. The left-handed Holy Spirit sword held his head high and was directly condensed by the Holy Sword, while the blue rain and the hibiscus in his right hand moved towards Yang Wenzhao. A lightning bolt erupted.Suddenly, Yang Wenzhao had a single shot and saw Long Haochen's righteous epee in his right hand exploding thousands of lights. It was like a sudden burst of light. At least ten times that of ordinary lightning bolts.A huge mass of light burst into thousands of dazzling lights, completely blocking all his advances and retreats. The fierce and incomparable edge of Yang Wenzhao's oppressive feelings could not even be felt to breathe.How could such a strong lightning thorn? Yang Wenzhao screamed at his heart and dared not neglect it. His hands and eppels immediately defended himself from the air and rose to heaven.Filled with golden light, each light stab in the rising sky array offensive and defensive one of the mask, will bring a circle of gold glow, it seems like a storm coming by the heavens barrier.This is one of the special effects of Blue Rain and Light Hibiscus. It can increase the attack speed of the skill. The more the skill that matches the sword, the greater the attack speed. After a large number of trials in Long Haochen, he took lightning bolts and blue rain and meters! The fit of Hibiscus is the strongest. At this time, it really used its power to completely burst out its power.How could an Ascendas be able to withstand such intensive attacks? Almost just one second, the Tiansheng burst shattered.However, with this second fight, Yang Wenzhao’s response time was also given. As a loud and swift rumbling sound reverberated throughout the game, Yang Wenzhao rose to the sky with the help of Thang Long, although there were ten in the body. Sword, but by virtue of the characteristics of Thang Long hit offensive and defensive, after all, to resolve the blue rain, the glory of the glory of light.Facing the sky, Yang Wenzhao, Long Xichen's footsteps leaped into the air, and chased after Thang Long. The right-handed sacred sword that had just finished smashing came out.At this time, Yang Wenzhao's powerful strength was demonstrated, and the soaring Dragon Strike turned out to force a U-turn in the air, changing to a punch for the next strike, and suddenly greeted the Dragon Sword's Holy Sword.The fierce collision between gold and white caused a strong gold and white halo to spread in midair. Long Haochen was directly smashed back to the ground, and Yang Wenzhao also showed an excuse to take advantage of the rush. He could see vaguely that his mouth was bleeding with bloodshot eyes. In the recent collision, he suffered a slight injury.The dragon's attack was really fierce. Yang Wenzhao did not even think that he would choose such an unreserved attack. He finally ate a small loss.Two-sword wielding, Yang Wenzhao quickly outlined a strange pattern in front of his body. He wanted to use his own body to rise into the air for a brief period of time to summon his star unicorn.His star-bright unicorn has entered the seven-level realm. Although it has only just broken through, it will surpass Haoyue on the level. Together with the high degree of fit and flying ability between the star and the unicorn, it must be determined. Can bring back the just disadvantage.However, at this time, Yang Wenzhao's unexpected event happened.A fierce suction force suddenly came from below, and the powerful pulling force actually drove him back to the ground. At this time, Long Haochen, who had just landed, did not give himself half a minute of respite. She instantly bounced off after touching the ground, and the two swords unfolded and circled into Yang Wenzhao.St. Inhaler evolved the second skill to pull the bucket to kill the round sword.Although Long Haochen's mood is highly excited at this time, the fighting spirit of the whole person has already reached the extreme, but the more the situation is, the more his brain is sober and calm.Contrary to its own hot attack.When Yang Wenzhao collided with him in the air and rebounded into the air, Long Haochen judged what the other party was going to do, and the Holy Spirit was bursting out at a time when it was not allowed to happen. The white light shattered and forcibly pulled Yang Wenzhao's body. And he himself greeted from the bottom up. In this case, Yang Wenzhao did not even have any chance to dodge. He could only choose to fight hard with him. Moreover, his call will also be interrupted.It turns out that Long Haochen was successful. Yang Wenzhao felt that when the huge suction came, his physical balance was affected and the summoning had been destroyed. Immediately afterwards, he saw the golden glow of the fighting sword spiraling upwards.At the crisis, Yang Wenzhao dared to retain half a dozen stars with blue light spots. Department of thinning out, into a mass of light toward Long Hao morning bombardment away. It is his Xinghai Ling furnace.In the state of unpreparedness, he is afraid that he will be directly wounded.One step to lose the opportunity, startling step by step. Long Haochen has taken the absolute advantage in his momentum.The fierce collision sound accompanied by countless rays of light erupted in the air. It was like the release of fireworks. The participants in the rest area watched for a while. The vast majority of them have already lost sight of what happened in the field. It only vaguely shows that both sides seem to have burst out of the power of the spirit stove.Did these two people have spiritual furnaces?There is no doubt that Yang Wenzhao's Xinghai Linghu is obviously more powerful, but these contestants pay more attention to Long Haochen.Well, that is clearly the Holy Spirit! For a hunting mob, having a knight with a Holy Spirit means having a mainstay! In the face of powerful enemies, the chance of survival of such a hunting devil will surely increase greatly. If they are allowed to make a choice, at least 80% of them will choose to join Long Haochen. The other 20 percent is also the reason for itself being a knight or something wonderful.