The 45th chapter decisive battle Yang Wenzhao! (on)At this time, what had been adopted by the children had already been forgotten by many people. Whether it was Long Haochen or Yang Wenzhao, they all showed a clear superiority over the vast majority of the participants. Moreover, from the beginning of the fighting to the present, they are not even ready to summon their own mounts.A lot of gold, white and blue halos continue to erupt in the air. Finally, two figures fell from the sky and fell down.Long Haochen's Holy Ghosts had at least six depressions in his predecessor, apparently caused by the Xinghai Lingzi attack, but failed to break his defense.On the other side, Yang Wenzhao is even more embarrassed. He wears a golden armor today. On the armour, he can clearly see that at least dozens of sword marks have been left, especially the location of the left shoulder, and he has clearly split a crack. There is blood in it.Wow, Long Haochen directly sprayed a blood. His injury is not lighter than that of Yang Wenzhao. The power of Xinghai Lingchang has brought back many disadvantages for Yang Wenzhao. However, just as he vomited blood, he had again launched an assault on Yang Wenzhao.This guy is simply a madman. Doesn’t he need to relieve his breath? Yang Wenzhao looked at his dragon's morning again and felt a weak feeling in his heart.In the eyes of Long Haochen, there was an eruption of warfare. However, in the depths of his eyes, he clearly had a profound silence. The two temperaments are actually perfectly combined. How terrible this is!In fact, Yang Wenzhao does not know that under the stimulation of the outside world, the physical constitution of the son of Long Haochen's bright son has gradually merged into his battle. The son of the bright son makes him a natural ability to have a bright heart. Under the influence of a bright heart, in the face of any situation, his judgment will not be affected by his own emotions. As the Knight's most powerful natural talent, the role of the bright son is being developed bit by bit by Long Haochen.Meng Mengyi bite, Yang Wenzhao no longer choose to fight with Long Hao Chen, this kid is crazy, and then fight it, it is likely to be a two-lose situation. Moreover, the disadvantage in terms of momentum may even lead oneself to become the ultimate loser.Therefore, at this time, Yang Wenzhao tried to calm down his emotions and chose a strategic retreat. At the same time, his two-handed epee started and he quickly summoned the summoning method.As long as you can summon Starlight Unicorn, then this war is still very likely to win.Yang Wenzhao's retreat is naturally not backwards, and he could not avoid the speed of the dragon's morning assault. He chose assault, but it was an assault in the other direction. The whole person quickly rushed out to the side. The summoning method was launched, and it can be said that he gave Long Haochen his own side rear.At the same time, the shining blue of the stars is like flowing out of his chest. It quickly spreads all over the body and dissolves with his armor. "Yue is the evolution ability of the Xinghai Linger.With such a defense, Yang Wenzhao can be sure that he will not be hurt too much, even if it is a hard long-range attack.However, at this time, the rest area outside the stadium sounded an exclamation.It is a pity that Yang Wenzhao could not hear this exclamation: “The masks outside the trial room are not only the internal skills but also isolate all external interference.The participants in the rest area only saw the purple light flashing. Long Yinchen had a huge monster in his body. The three big heads stood up proudly. It was the bright moon.He, he did not use any summon spell or rune to complete the call? How can this be? The most incredible thing I felt was the summoners of the soul temple. However, no matter what their guess, Long Haochen was completed in this moment.Three months of magic were thrown at the same time.A group of strong blue light fell on Long Haochen immediately, leaving him with a layer of youthful brilliance. A terror of red light is spit out from the crater. A golden light is instantly shining on the blue surface and the light hibiscus in the right hand of Long Hao morning.The three skills were issued at the same time, all in one go. The appearance of the bright moon is slightly higher than Longyin morning, so that when Long Haochen falls, it is on its tail.Therefore, when Xiaoqing, Xiaohuo, and Xiaoguang issued skills, the four-meter-long body of Haoyue also completed a waist-drifting action, throwing Long Haochen momentarily, changing the direction of his assault. Ben Yang Wenzhao rushed.A huge fireball with a diameter of one meter was flying in front of Long Hao's morning, completely obstructing his body. This was the red light that had just spewed out.Super burst fireball, fifth-order fire magic. It is a single magic, but once it bursts, it can even cause the power of group magic. It is one of the most powerful attackers in the fifth-order fire magic.Yang Wenzhao is in the process of summoning and suddenly felt a rush of heat behind him.How can there be a hot feeling? His call rune will be completed soon, and if it is interrupted at this time, it is likely to fall into a more passive situation.Therefore, Yang Wenzhao gritted his teeth and the body's hyperthyroidism shined. A layer of golden red light flared up instantly. It was actually the fire of the sun. However, this is not the fire of the sun released by him. Instead, it is issued by armor and can only last for three seconds. His body armor is actually a devil-class equipment.The bombardment of the super explosive fireball crickets on Yang Wenzhao. This is the fifth-order magic, and it is a piece of equipment that can be stopped by the attached skills. The fire of the sun was instantly shattered, and the powerful explosive force was further exerted on the surface of the constellation. A large crack burst.However, at this time, Yang Wenzhao's heart was loose. After all, he stopped the attack and his runes were completed with this moment. The rich golden six-pointed star has shined in front of him. Just step on the Star Shine Unicorn. This game will start again.However, it was at this moment that an unprecedented crisis made Yang Wenzhao only feel that his body hair was picking up at the same time. He did not have time to make any judgments. He turned to full strength and both swords flew backwards.喽 -A cross of two white light crosses over the double sword of Yang Wenzhao.The harsh sound of metal cracked in the air. Yang Wenzhao's double sword actually broke off. The white light slammed on him, shattered the star spirit and shattered the armor on him. The terror attack directly flew Yang Wenzhao's impact.In the mad blow of blood, Yang Wenzhao had only one thought at this time. "How could that be?"The white light flashed, Yang Wenzhao, who pulled heavily, pulled back and pulled back."Hilary Law." In the long humming sound, Starlight Unicorn finally appeared. With the connection of the equality contract, it immediately felt the crisis of Yang Wenzhao, and the wings spread out. He chased Yang Wenzhao without hesitation.However, at this time, it was a white light, this time, it was on the Starlight Unicorn. It had to chase Yang Wenzhao's body and suddenly had to turn and turn in the direction of Long Haochen. And go.God Yuge block, double swords cross, Long Hao morning is hard to block the impact of the star unicorn, although the entire person was knocked out more than ten meters, but the star unicorn is also used in the anti-vibration force The next step was shaken back and failed to start a continuous shock."Stop it. I don't want to hurt him." Long Haochen shouted to the star unicorn.Xingyao Unicorn was very obedient and stopped the pace of initiating assault. A pair of pretty big eyes were full of anxious colors.No wonder it does not dare to attack again. It is indeed a taboo! On the other side, Yang Wenzhao is now in front of Haoyue. Xiaoqing was honestly biting Yang Wenzhao's neck with a cheeky one, making him dare not move. However, his mouth and nose still spilled blood, showing how heavy he suffered.At this time of the game, the outcome has been divided.Before the start of the semi-finals today, other contestants also had their own ideas about the final ranking of the tournament. In their view, the most hopeful champion is the pick of the Assassin's Temple. The power shown by Cherrie was too high. In front of her, nobody could survive for a quarter of an hour. Moreover, no one has ever forced her true strength. The more mysterious it is, the more powerful it is. This is the view that everyone agrees with.The most promising candidate after winning the championship is Yang Wenzhao. He has a star-throwing unicorn and is a powerful fifth-order disciplinary knight himself. The tyrannical repairs, equipment and star radiant unicorn. There must be a fight between the assistance of the beast and the children, and it is difficult to say who the winner is.As for Long Haochen, he was photographed in third place. To many people, Long Haochen was still too young as a knight. Although he should have a good talent. But there is still a certain gap between his weird mount and the star unicorn. His own cultivation should not be as good as Yang Wenzhao. If it weren’t for the relationship between him and Chern, he wouldn’t receive as much attention as the first two.As for Munin..., no one seems to think that he can enter the top three.What happened after the start of the match today subverted everyone's opinions. Caier directly gave up the game, and everyone was most optimistic that she became the fourth, and Muning was the third best dog. However, Long Haochen and Yang Wenzhao had this fight, and Yang Wenzhao’s preference still dominated the majority. It is because the shine of the star unicorn is so dazzling.In the game, Yang Wenzhao also proved his strong strength. He not only has a Xinghai Linghu which is an offensive and defensive one, but also has completed the evolution of the spirit stove.