Chapter 43 For the Glory of the Knights (Part Two)Wang Yuanyuan looked at her with some doubts and said: ...Sakura, do you know him?Chen Yinger's pretty little face shows a bit of disgust and he doesn't go too far. "I don't know.In the air, Yang Wenzhao's double sword slowly rises on both sides of the body. The soft golden light spreads out and dissolves with the gold of the unicorn in a short time and becomes the same color.At this moment, the atmosphere breathed out by Yang Wenzhao is not only a light filled with light attributes, but also has a strong sacred atmosphere. The golden glow at the foot of a unicorn has also become a six-pointed star shape.The wings stretched out and the star-glazed unicorn had no gills in a pair of crystal eyes, gliding down and heading straight to the head of Golden Horn.On the side of Golden Horn Mamma, the rich golden red flame instantly rises. At first glance, it looks like a huge golden red fireball. The heavy version of the heavy epee slowly lifts up and the golden red flame instantly rises. The fire that emerged from the tip of the sword was full of feet.Seeing that the star unicorn was close, there was still about five feet from Golden Horn Mammoth. Yang Wenzhao launched his first attack.Light swords crossed crucibles. A pair of golden swords broke out at the same time and Sheng Sheng of the Sword of Light was born. He crossed the cross, ran out of the sky, and headed straight to the corner of the horse at the corner of the horse.At the moment of the light swords smashing out, the horns at the top of the star unicorn glided with two golden light and light swords. Suddenly, the light swords had undergone a qualitative change, and the two light razors were shining The starlight, the intense sacred zeal and coercion make this originally imposing power not a very strong attack completely changed.Recalling the dignified face, the hands of the heavy sword straight out, golden red flames into a huge flame knife, and the cross with the impact of the cross.Suddenly, numerous dazzling lights burst into the air and scattered. The star unicorn re-emerged again. "At this time," he couldn't help but think that he would be able to use the sky knight's advantage to the fullest if he would also have the skill of the dragon.Yang Wenzhao secretly made up his mind and waited until the end of the contest. He must learn this skill with rewards. Are you really tired? Long Haochen has already won several games with this skill. What's more, the biggest advantage of this skill is that it can help the Cavaliers break out of the ranks. Before that, the sword in Longyin's morning friend's game was so simple. At least to achieve the sixth-order glow Knight attack.In an empty space, the two sides crossed each other. People with discerning eyes can see who has taken advantage of the collision. The Shining Unicorn had no change in the golden light. Although memorable memory despite the block cross the cross, but the golden red flame of gold jinmaomama uplift is obviously floating back, it is like being blown by the wind.Xingyao Unicorn hovered for a week, Yang Wenzhao's double swords were already shining in mid-air, and the sacred white light rose, which was the trend of condensing the Holy Sword.At this time, the power of the star unicorn was even more apparent, and the halo of a six-pointed star shape leaped upward from it. Yang Wenzhao condensed the sword at least twice as fast. When the star unicorn re-initiated gliding charge, his double sword has already cast a glaring white Jianmang.In the eyes of defiant memories, the eyes flickered. Surprisingly, Yang Wenzhao, who was watching the gliding down, did not use any other skills."I admit defeat." The honest voice rang through the field with the help of spiritual power.“Yeah?” Yang Wenzhao gave a glimpse of the sacred sword that he was about to rush out of his way. The star unicorn glide past the golden horns and circling it for a week before he came again."Bring your brother, you give up?" Yang Wenzhao looked at him puzzled. The two sides only conducted a tentative offensive. It can be said that the game has not really begun.Dememory's eyes looked a little struggling but he nodded toward Yang Wenzhao. "I'm not weaker than you in terms of overall strength. But I also know that with the star-lit unicorn, you have the ability to soar in the air. You have established Invincible. Perhaps, if you try to beat me, you will have to pay a huge price if I try my best. However, it is too difficult for me to win in this game. However, the disciplinary advantage of the Knights and the star unicorn's air superiority has made me see no hope of victory. If you come from another temple, I will definitely try my best. But we are all knights. ”Here he paused and paused, "For the glory of the Cavaliers."As he said, he left his shield to raise the left side of the body, and the right epee hovered over the front of the shield. Then he placed it on the left chest and performed a standard guardian knight ceremony.This sentence has already told Yang Wenzhao everything for the glory of the knight. Yang Wenzhao's face suddenly grew a bitter. "The eyes showed a deep respect. The two swords crossed and waved across the chest. Then they turned their wrists and held their hands. The right hand hilt was attached to the left chest and a disciplinary priest ceremony was performed.High: "For the glory of the Cavaliers."Yang Wenzhao's admiration for Deming is sincere. There is no doubt that the loss of memory does not mean that he does not have a fight. It is only because he feels that he is only able to win, so he will give away the opportunity. Yang Wenzhao, who is stronger than he, is not trying hard to fight. There is still a game behind. If they both lose, it means that the Knights Templar will lose a place in the semi-finals.After the exploratory attack, the choice of direct memory for the loss of memory is to retain Yang Wenzhao’s competitiveness. In addition to the dragons that have already advanced, even in the semifinals, the two of them have drawn a group. As long as there is no accident, the top three knights can also occupy two seats. Before that, they barely entered the top four. The assassin will bottom up.Yang Wenzhao asked himself, if you change yourself in such a situation, I am afraid it is very difficult to achieve such a measure of seriousness and decisiveness.Their respective words: For the glory of the Cavaliers, it has been explained why this game ended so quickly. Yang Wenzhao deliberately shouted out loudly, telling everyone that memory loss is not worse than him.On the main chalk stand, "Han Shou slightly led the way, his face showing a hint of relief. The heads of the other major temples are silent. In their eyes, filled with undisguised envy. Yang Wenzhao and memorized In a vast sky, the glory of the two young knights seemed to make everyone see their future.Coupled with the earlier younger Long Haochen. These three people will surely become the mainstay of the Knights Templar. At least in their generation, the status of the head of the six temples of the Knights Templar remains unshakeable.Retrieving their mounts and weapons, Yang Wenzhao and Duan Yi looked at one another and returned to the rest area in a sympathetic manner."Chai children, everything is careful." Long Hao Chen whispered. Caier slightly leading, bamboo sticks to the ground, slowly into the venue in the voice of "笃, 笃, 笤 。".In the last game of eight games and four games, Caier was on Huang Yi.Huang Yi slowly walked into the venue with a grim face, and the most feared of the magicians and priests were the assassins. What's more, he was about to face such a powerful existence. No matter who he was, he never saw the bottom line of Caier. That is to say, she has never shown her full strength. However, Huang Yi naturally will not lose the game as a result of memorable memories. He will always fight again and again."The Assassin's Temple adopts children, against the magical temple Huang Yi. For both sides of professional reasons, the distance is set to 40 meters."The assassin does not naturally have the advantage of raising the giant pillar to the magician, and the distance between the two sides slowly opens.Huang Yi tightly grasped his short staff and tried to make his breathing even. He was ready to sing the spell at any time.The four words that the referee shouted were like a switch in Huang Yi's body. Under the strong pressure brought by him, he had all his full potential.Singing spells and summoning earthen spirits in one go.Up is the joint law chanting alternately. The hurrying spells constantly rang from the mouth of his elf with earth elements, and the intensity of his voice was about to catch up with the previous beastmaster.Caier also moved, and the bamboo sticks were on the ground. Her body was like a cloud floating up and rushing straight in the direction of Huang Yi. Every time they swam past thirty feet, the green bamboo sticks will once again use their power and speed.The yellow light shook the sky, and then a huge stone descended from heaven.What surprised the spectators was that this rockfall technique was not aimed at adopting children, but was instead stumbling to the ground.A loud noise rang on the ground, and Huang Yi and his Elemental Elves continued to sing, but they did not say anything.Silent singing? This is an advanced technique that is not only simpler for the magician. Obviously, this is Huang Yi's final hole.While changing to silent singing, he quietly walked to one side.It's too sinister. This guy is using defects that can't be seen by children. The dragons in the rest area suddenly became angry.Sure enough, after the rock fell to the ground, he made a bang, and the speed at which he took the children suddenly lags behind him. It seems to be a bit of a loss. Then he is stashed and rushed in the direction of the falling rock.Huang Yi's face showed a hint of helplessness. He had already seen the speed he had just adopted. Almost only he needed a three-interest time and he could rush to him. In that case he had no other choice. Let Chase rush over, he will not have a chance.In my heart, I secretly apologized for accelerating the chanting of my own earthies. As against Wang Yuanyuan, "Only the waves are unearthed when they are unearthed. The first three do not want to enter! If this field can win, it will be the first three hopefuls. Before that name was won, it was The wounded assassin Huang Yi still has a certain victory.Seeing the child who flew toward the direction of the boulders, he cautiously dared not make any sounds. A circle of yellow halos began to form on his staff and there was a maximum of more than ten more interest hours.