Chapter 42 For the sake of adopting children!A somewhat distorted figure gradually became clear in front of Han Yu. If Long Haochen was here, he would be able to recognize that it was like the thin old man who had come out of void.Han Ye suddenly face changed, with a grim face: "Sao Lao, I was wrong. You adults do not remember the villain, do not tell me the general knowledge ah!"The lean old man slammed coldly. "Fewer nonsense, follow me to the assassin's test field. If you don't want to go, I'll go find you and take him to him."Han Hao sighed loudly, and there was a bit of a look of generosity in the righteousness. “I'm not going to be able to go to me? You have to be merciless!”The lean old man stepped into the void and disappeared instantly, leaving only a chill in the air.Han Yu looked at the shadows and the wind, the shadow of the wind with helpless look, said: "The next time you take control of this broken mouth, brothers will pray for the name."Han Yu said with a grave face: "The old people are so old, and they are still like fire. Brothers, I'm going to..."In the end, Long Haochen did not catch up with her son, and she had to go to the residence alone with helplessness.As he walked, he suddenly reacted. The big, beautiful eyes widened slightly. After taking the child's last “ah,” did he or did he promise me? She, she willing to let me hug it?Yes, it must be. "I'm so stupid. I didn't think about it until this time. If not, why did she pick it up?Long Haochen felt only a moment of flames rising from the inner body of the body. His heart was fiery and his left hand moved. He couldn't help but recall the beauty of the day when he took the child's slender waist.Go back and continue to work hard, I must win first place. Strong beliefs urged the juvenile dynamics and strode forward to their own place.On the side of the street, in a humble corner, Caier listened to the changes in his footsteps, his face was reddish, and a touching smile was drawn at the corner of his mouth.The next day the knockout came, the atmosphere became even more intense. There will be an eight-by-four contest today. Seventy-five percent of the players who win today will have a chance to get a spirit stove. There is no doubt that any contestant will do his best in today's game.Long Haochen and Li Xin came to the knight's trial field early in the morning and Caier was still sitting in the place where he was yesterday. Long Haochen leaned over and quietly held her hand. She just lowered her head slightly, but didn't say anything.Li Xin had been eliminated because of yesterday’s defeat and could only sit in the back rest area.Long Haochen particularly liked the touching atmosphere that only two people could feel. "I just took her hand and smiled on her face."Eight into four, the draw starts, and the top eight contestants enter."Long Hao Chen pulled the child to stand up, surprise him, this time, Caier did not take his hand back, but took his hand, then he was led into the playing field.Cher was a clever and very assertive girl. When she leaned against Long Haochen's shoulders yesterday, she was no longer afraid of anybody talking. At that moment, she also fully faced herself and Long Haochen. Relationship.The other six contestants looked at their young couple. "The look is somewhat different. The strength of Long Haochen Some of them experienced that some people didn't know, but the tyrannies that Cheriel showed yesterday were seen by everyone. of.Soon, the top eight players all came to the middle of the game. The way of drawing lots was no different from yesterday, but the number of people was getting less.Long Haochen was somewhat surprised to find that "My own ancestors face is a bit ugly today, and it is accurate to say that it is unhealthy and pale". My eyes are still twitching and I don't know what happened."The lottery starts." Han Fei said irresponsibly. In my heart, I lamented that the old man was so old and he was beaten. This was too poor.Long Haochen pulled the child's hand and lifted the other hand, pressing it over the halo. At the same time, he looked up and looked at the competitors.Of the other six people who entered the semi-finals, only two of them knew. Yang Wenzhao and Huang Yi, and only the fifth-order knight Long Hao had a slight impression in the remaining four.A golden light shines, and the drawing is done instantly.In the process of drawing lots, Long Haochen’s eyes have always been on the children of Caier. Naturally, he does not want to be the one who is drawn.It seems to be lucky that there is a clear difference in the golden shade between the two of them, and apparently it will not touch them today. Long Haochen raised his head and looked at other people.The situation of the quarter-finals has already appeared. It is said that some people are happy and someone is embarrassed. The most depressing thing is Huang Yi, because his eight-fourth opponent is picking children. When he saw that the child's gold was just like herself, Huang Yi only felt a bit of pain in his mouth. He knew that the road to his own progress would probably end.His attitude is fine, Huang Yi also knows that today among these people, regardless of who he is on, the winning percentage will not be too great. However, the one who has drawn is the one who is most unlikely to win.Long Haochen also saw his opponent. What he is facing today is the fifth-order beastmaster of the Temple of the Soul. Obviously, the difficulty he faces is not small.The Knights Templar once again showed his true nature, and Yang Wenzhao and another fifth-order Cavalier drawn in a group. After all, he could not avoid the knights fighting again. However, Yang Wenzhao's face was relieved, but he felt he was lucky. At least not met with mining children.The last pair was naturally the only fourth ascendant of the Assassins' Temple to face the only advancer of the warrior sanctuary. These two people are all cheerful faces. There is no doubt that they are the weakest in the quarterfinals, followed by Huang Yi.There is an opportunity to enter the semifinals with all one's strength.Han Hong's facial muscles were even worse. This luck is too bad, and he has drawn himself.But today no one has ever laughed at him. Today’s World War I was very important for the six major temples. Whether you can enter the top four or not in this move, entering the top four is equivalent to a foot already entering the first three thresholds. This is not just a spiritual furnace. It is even more a symbol of glory for the six temples.Shadows are better with the wind, he has absolute confidence in the children, and the Assassin Temple itself has two people into the top eight, the opportunity is always greater. In addition to the other three temples outside the temple, the deputy temple masters are staring at the disciples and using their eyes to convey something to them."The lightest color left, others returned to the rest area to wait for the game." Han Yu said weakly.Long Haochen's eyes were slightly brighter, and the goldenest light body today was shocked by him and the beastmaster."Chener, your opponent is Huang Yi, a native magician, and fifth-order. He has earth elements and elves, and he is good at assisting himself with changing his position with the waves. You will play in the fourth game. I'm the first one. You first Go back and rest."Yesterday's mistakes he would not repeat today, not only told her child's opponents, but also Huang Yi's features succinctly said.Long Haochen did not hide his voice and Huang Yi’s face suddenly became even more bitter. The same bitter of the magic temple of the saint magic teacher Lin Chen, take a look at the children to see Huang Yi, his face is helpless color.Others slowly receded. "On the court, there is only Long Haochen and the beastmaster. The referee has entered the court and the protective cover of the trial outside is slowly rising.""The Temple of the Knights, Long Haochen, against Liao Yu, the soul temple. Both sides are 50 meters apart."Long Haochen slowly backs off while observing his opponent.Liao Yu is a slender young man about the same size as Long Haochen, who is about 14 years old. He certainly is 20 years old. The appearance is moderate and the face is pale. But there is a pair of exceptionally bright eyes, and the light in the eyes can tell people. In the process of retreating slowly, he always looks at Long Haochen.The distance between the two sides gradually pulled apart, but the momentum between them has already rolled over each other.Liao Yu has a white staff in his hand. The staff of this color is very rare, and it is impossible to see what material it is. The gemstone on the top is also white. White jade, crystal snow. The gems are hexagonal and exude a touch of chill.“The game started.” The moment the distance of 50 meters reached, the referee announced in a loud voice and he flashed at a glance. He quickly retreated and left the trial room with two people.Liao Yu was already ready. At the moment when this game began, his spell was like an eruption and a sudden eruption at the same time. At the same time, a bright white glow came out of him.Feeling, his curse chanting seems to be not as fast as Bai Xiaomo and Fang Zhu, but the vocalization is clearer and seems to have a strange rhythm. Even more peculiar is that, along with the singing of the spell, the wands in his hands are constantly waving. In an approximate rhythm, strangely milky runes quickly formed before him. Just three seconds before him, there was a huge white light door, and a Warcraft flew out like lightning.It was a white leopard with all sorts of dark blue gold coins. It is only about two meters in length and does not look robust, but it gives people a feeling of strength and beauty.Liao Yu stepped out, the body's white halo instantly dissolves with this snow leopard, the next moment, he has appeared on the snow leopard back.Snow Leopard, its speed as electricity, its fast as wind, good at ice magic. Different snow leopard talent magic is not the same. For one of the five best levels of Warcraft in speed.When he saw the other party summoned the World of Warcraft, Long Haochen immediately made a judgment. His father and teacher had taught him to recognize the vast majority of Warcraft, Snow Shadow Leopard is also naturally listed. There is no doubt that Liao Yu does not want to use snow shadows to attack him, but to be used as a riding mount. With the speed of snow shadow leopard to deal with him.When Liao Yu was summoning, Long Haochen did not charge him. On the forehead, the purple runes were good and turned into a plain purple light on the ground in front of him. Nine purple light lines flashed. The huge figure of Haoyue has appeared before him. On summoning speed, it is actually faster than Liao Yu.Mounts? He has a mount? Yang Wenzhao, who was sitting in the first row of the rest area, was taken aback and couldn't help staring at the bright moon in front of Long Hao.The bright moon at this time was no longer the same as the pitiful Ixora when it was just summoned by the dragon. The four-meter-long body is comparable to the ground dragon. Although it is not as tall as a dragon, its powerful limbs and wide backs give people a sense of solidity and solidity.The three big heads raised high, and the back spines extending from the head downwards gave a purple glow faintly. The two larger bones on the back were like the knight's back, with three heads and six eyes flashing. At first glance, it was somewhat abominable to have three heads, but when you look at it more, you can feel a kind of embarrassing dignity from it. Absolute domineering exposure.Long Haochen's stature flashes have already landed on the back of a bright moon. A strange scene has emerged. The thorns on the back of the moon have been separated by themselves. His body has been accommodated, and the back of the dragon has been raised slightly before him. The body's spine thorns inwards and holds his body firmly in place. One man and one beast are perfectly fit.Before entering the trial room, Long Haochen was already covered with silver, and the silver Holy Ghost had a faint glow. His face was hidden in the helmet. At this time, the Holy Spirit Sword and the Holy Spirit Shield are already in the hands, and the Holy Spirit is in full suit.A light layer of silver rings released from him and enveloped himself and the moon, leaving them covered in a faint silver light. It was the enchantment of the Holy Spirit.When it comes to sales, one of the silver dragons, silver swords, and silver shields of Long Haochen riding on three heads of the moon, will be more than the opposite of Liao Yuqiang.The three moons at the same time made a noise at the same time. The four claws flew up and rushed in the direction of their opponents. Each of the three big heads flashed different light.Long Haochen sat on the back of his head but seemed to be extremely quiet. A layer of golden light mist rose from his body around the ring and gained momentum.Yes, sitting on the back of the moon, he himself does not need to be allowed to perform every action. It is just right to use the potential skills. If you say, all the games that Long Haochen had previously participated in were to hone their own strengths, increase their actual combat experience, and stimulate their own potential. Then, starting from today's war, he will fight for victory completely. There is only one reason for picking children.Yang Wenzhao in the rest area has become aggravated. He once had a battle with Long Haochen. In that battle, he won and he won with reservations. However, when he looked at Long Haochen again, he found out that this young man, who is younger than himself, has become like a man.Fifth-order, mount. Its original advantage was quickly shortened.In less than a month, he has undergone tremendous changes.Yang Wenzhao was not surprised at the strength he showed at this time, and he was even more surprised at the speed with which he improved."Ye, yin, yin." The three months of the month are once again roaring. Three different colors of light shine at the same time, and the war is imminent.