Chapter Forty-fourth Heavenly Warfare (Chinese)Holding their breath, the audience was silent and everyone's eyes were frozen on the four people outside the rings and rings.The brilliance shines and the draw ends.When everyone saw the results of the draw, they couldn't help but suck a cool air. Yang Wenzhao stayed, Long Haochen also stayed.A handful of helplessness appeared in the corner of Long Haochen's mouth, and he lowered his head slightly. The scene he didn't want to see eventually went away. Looking at his pale golden luster exactly the same as that of his son, he only felt that his throat was a little dry."How is the result?" Caier asked softly."Your opponent is me." Long Haochen said something difficult.“Oh,” recalled Ch'er, who did not seem to be surprised at the result. Instead, he took the initiative to hold Long Haochen’s hand.Han Hong also had some dazes. For the Knights Templar, this should be a sign on top. The ear, looking at the look of Long Haochen, he always felt uneasy."The draw was over. Yang Wenzhao told Manning and Long Yuchen about Caier. In the first game, Long Yuchen had adopted Caier. You two stayed in the field to prepare for the game."Several other deputies did not express their disagreement. Han Hao announced the results of the draw.As soon as the results came out, the rest of the area suddenly sounded a noisy commentary, and Li Xin stood up tensely. The younger brother is going to pick the baby. How can this be good? They, they really will fight hard?"Wait a minute," said the child, who took Long Chen's morning hand, and said suddenly.The six dignitaries who were preparing to withdraw from the venue could not help but be puzzled and looked at her.Picking a subtle way: "Go straight to the next one. I admit defeat."Han Yu eyes widened. For Long Haochen and Caier this, frankly, he really didn't know who was looking forward to winning. From the perspective of the Knights Templar, of course, Long Haochen wins the best, so that he can meet with Yang Wenzhao to final. However, if Long Haochen wins Caier, will it affect their relationship? Caier is a reincarnation. If Long Haochen can successfully marry her, then there is no doubt that the two of them will become the mainstay of the alliance in the future. This is also the situation that the Knight Temple hopes to see the most.Caier admitted defeat. This outcome is Han Yu never imagined, but he stayed in a short delay, his face was filled with joy. There is no doubt that the adoption of Caier’s submission is the most desired outcome for the Knights Templar, with the best of both worlds.The shadow of the wind is more ugly. "Anxious:" Caier, you, you really want to throw in the towel? ”Caier nodded his head gently, and pulled the dragon's morning hand to the rest area."Caier, you..." Long Haochen was totally shocked by this sentence. He had already made plans for defeat, but he did not expect that the child was more direct than he was. He did not even wait for the start of the game. All this happened was so fast that when Gerrard pulled him back, he reacted."No, it can't be this way. You're better than me, Caier." Long Haochen said eagerly.Picker clenched his hand and whispered: "Your glory is my glory."Simple eight-character words, listening to Long Chen morning ears, but like a heavy hammer heart, an instant flash into the brain, so that he could not even speak.Caier and Caier, the eyes of Long Haochen were wet. He did not stop Caier’s good intentions again. Then she was slowly pulled back to the rest area.As a man, speaking beautifully is not as practical. This feeling, let him use his life to repay it. Chern, you have this life, what do you need? I will never bear you, and guard you with my life.At this moment, Caier’s position in Long Haochen's heart has suddenly risen to the same level as his parents. Even though he did not fully understand what it meant to be a man and a woman, Caier had occupied all of his heart.Yang Wenzhao stood in the middle of the field and looked at Munin's face in an incredible color. The look on both faces was also very exciting.Munin was the queen who could not think of his own heart. In his opinion, Cherr will definitely win the final championship!Yang Wenzhao has a sense of relief, adopting children choose to lose, their opponents in the final is naturally Long Haochen. Not having to face that female assassin seems to be a wonderful thing."In the second game of the semi-finals, Yang Wenzhao will be ready for Munning."Yang Wenzhao immediately wakes up and sinks: "Ready to finish."On the other side, Muning revealed a slight smile. "The hit of yesterday, he was injured too much. Until now, half of the body is still weak. Today's game has no meaning to him.Once again, the scene of the audience was awe-inspiring. Although Munin's heart was unwilling to be unwilling, but in addition to defeating, he really had no other way. Not even a fight is possible. In his current state, less than the fifth-order revision, I am afraid that even Yang Wenzhao could not resist a move. What can he do if he does not admit defeat?In such a dramatic scene, even the referees were a bit dazed and could not help but turn their gaze to the direction of the podium.In the two semifinals, they all ended without playing. The Knights Templar became the biggest winner. Long Haochen and Yang Wenzhao entered the top two."Everybody will not move. Something will be announced later." Han Biao's voice came out in the direction of the podium.The contestants who had already left the field stopped. For them, it was a bit disappointing. I thought I could see a more exciting game, but there have been two consecutive defeats.After a short while, the voice of Han Hong on the rostrum rang again. “Because there is no real competition today, after the deliberation of the presidium of this contest, we decided to advance the final. We will complete it today. We will also perform the award ceremony and the roulette ceremony. Everyone must not leave the court. ”Nasal advance in advance? Roulette ceremony?This means that the final championship will be decided today and the final grouping will be completed for the ten hunters.The selection of tournaments for the hunting mob is conducted within the Temple Alliance. Everything is simple and there are no fancy gimmicks. Since the semifinals will end in this way, it is natural to save time."Before, the first three or four finals will be played. The children's sanctuary Caier and Munin will play.This time, it was directly announced by Han Hong. The court referee also changed a man, a man who looks forty-somethings and looks great like a mountain. Although he can conquer his own breath, but when he appeared in the center of the venue, it still brought a lot of pressure on the participants.The referee is afraid there are eight steps to repair it? These young men and women in the rest area are all young people. They are more knowledgeable than their peers. They immediately judge that the referee is like a real referee with extraordinary power."I admit defeat." The cold voice sounded through the audience.The participants who originally discussed because of the playoffs were all silent. Eyes fall at one point at the same time.The child picks up and stands there. He slightly leans toward the podium, and then sits down again. The three words just now she shouted."Chai, what are you doing?" Long Haochen was taken aback. However, Caier has already shouted his words.Geer gently rests his head on his shoulder. "God's Indian seal is the fastest to update. The fool, the top three cannot be in the same hunting mob!"Long Haochen's body was shaken, yes, the first three are not in the same hunting group! I, how did I actually forget such an important thing.She and she completely gave up the game for me. Even the top three did not enter.She clearly has the power to compete for the championship..."Caier, Caier..." Long Haochen only felt that his inner feelings were like a blowout. Can not help but open his arms to hold her. At this time, he already had somehow wondered how to confide his heart with Pengpai's feelings.Picking a child's hand on his chest, whispered: "Stupid, you haven't got the first one yet. Go on. You're out."Long Haochen grabbed her hand and sent a kiss to her mouth. “I will win.” After finishing this sentence, he immediately went up and almost rushed into the trial room. .Caier still lifts his hand and only feels that the entire arm feels a bit numb. The Qiaolian hidden behind the veil is flushed with shame, but she never felt that this life was as good as it is now. It turned out to be One can also feel so happy to pay.You said that you should always guard me. How can I not create opportunities for you?As early as the time when Long Haochen made that promise to her, she already thought of the scene before her.In the dragon's morning on the ground, the moment of war has soared to an unprecedented height. It can be seen vaguely that his bright crystal eyes seem to have golden flames burning.This is the power of love. At this time, his "state has entered an unprecedented peak.However, when his inner emotions ignited the wars of the day, he had forgotten that an important matter had not been explained to Cherr.The most unexpected thing at this time was the assassin who had won third place because of the adoption of the game.Muning stared stunned at the direction of Caier and for a moment he didn't know what to say. Sometimes happiness comes too fast and it can't be digested. You know, the top three mean that you can get an incredible precious spirit stove and create your own team as the opportunity.As the top three winners, they must be able to become the head of the hunting demon mission.On the rostrum, the shadows were a little irritated by the wind and looked at Han Yeh, showing his anger.Han Yu is very innocent and said, “This is none of my business, and women’s universities don’t stay! However, you see, this is also a good thing. It further promotes the exchange of our two temples. Moreover, it is very likely that the next morning Become the pillar of our knight's sanctuary. Isn't he also the son-in-law of your Assassins' Temple?"Although he said so, his smile on his face was indeed treacherous.