Chapter IV Quasi-Knight Examination (3)"Sister, be careful." Long Haochen shouted low, and his feet had moved. His distance from each step was not great, but his pace was extremely fast. A Knight's short-range charge was cast out. The double sword is a sword in front, a sword behind his back, almost instantly to the front of Li Xin.A penetrating swift and powerful force went straight to Li Xin's left shoulder and then went on the charge. This thorny momentum was full.Li Xin smiled, and the left-handed sword picked up in a hurry, blocking the attack on Long Haochen, and the right-handed sword was not in a hurry to attack. She wanted to see what degree the little guy could attack.砰 , 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 毫无 皓 皓 皓 皓 皓Out of the fine iron sword also quickly made a recovery action. Just let Li Xin get a glimpse of it.Nalan blinked and his skills broke.In the moment when the fine iron sword was retracted in the hands, the blade flashed instantly. Immediately thereafter, it pierced at a speed that was at least twice as fast as before, and the target was still Li Xin's left shoulder.White blade, thrusting. The two knight skills are almost perfectly blended and released. And it happened to be the moment when Li Xin was released.The knight's spurt ability can increase the attack speed and also has the effect of condensing the spiritual force. The power of the knight is itself the pure white blade of the psychic power. The power of this slam has already surpassed the 107 spiritual power of the dragon's morning.Li Xin is not a quasi-knight. He is a real knight. When she is short in the sword, she has already developed vigilance. The right-handed sword is almost in front of her, even if it is Long Haochen’s sudden thrust. A sword also failed to pass her defense.The two swords intersected, and the dragon's morning thorn was stabbed in the third of Li Xin's sword. The strength of the crosspiece and the stabbing was too different. Therefore, even if it is Li Xin's spiritual power is far higher than Long Haochen, passively blocking this time, she could not help but fall back two steps.啪 啪 , 啪 啪 啪 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,.In the second charge, and within such a short distance, he attacked the second charge in the case of a shock.Long Haochen's right arm rushed up next to him. He only took the second charge and took three steps. When he stepped on the third step, his body seemed to be somewhat unstable. He took the tip of the foot as a fulcrum and quickly made A spin, left-handed sword rises, and the white blade that shines with white light goes straight to Li Xinyun with a fierce breath.Although Li Xin's eyes were full of surprises, her talent as a knight's genius was also demonstrated at this time. Support your back with your right foot and stabilize yourself. At the same time, the body is slightly underneath, and the right-handed sword is once again bowed. The left-handed sword is stinging forward with lightning, and it is turned into dozens of swords and shadows to the dragon's morning. Lightning stab, Knight third-order skills.And then, the scene that stunned the side of Nalan appeared.When a loud bang was heard, the dragon's sword that had been pulled out in full force first collided with Li Xin's sword. Although in the spiritual power, Long Haochen and Li Xin were at least one hundred worse, but he hit the attack with the help of skills and momentum to win the victory. The two swords intersected, and no one took advantage of it, even Li Xin’s. The body shook slightly.At this time, Li Xin's lightning stab has arrived before Long Haochen. At that moment, Nalan Yi wanted to stop and Li Xin also made preparations for stopping his hand.However, the dragon's right-handed sword that had been swung open before Long Haochen moved.The fantastic sword shadow is like an explosion in front of him. In a series of intensive gold and iron sympathies, all the attacks of lightning stab are completely blocked.Li Xin was afraid of hurting Long Haochen. Naturally he did not use all his strength. The attack was not only blocked, but Long Haochen also started a counterattack.Two swords fluttered, one horizontal and one vertical, the knight's signboard skills, the crossfired instant burst.The smile in Li Xin’s eyes before this time has been completely lost. She has issued a lightning stab at this time. She is just at the stage where she used to go and she is not yet alive. Moreover, she never expected Long Haochen to block this strike. Therefore, there is no preparation for any response.A light golden light shines from Li Xin's body. The right-handed sword is momentarily inserted into the ground, and a burst of golden light suddenly emerges. It rises two meters away.Dangdeng's cross was blocked by a golden light curtain and bounced back. At the same time, he quickly steps back and makes a defensive gesture. Before the series of attacks on his consumption is not small.Li Xin was a bit depressed and looked at the back of Long Haochen. "Yeah! The little guys are forcing your sister to use your ascending sky array to resolve your offense. Be careful, my sister will attack."Ascend Tianzheng and punish the knights' third-order skills. With the help of the special sacred attributes of the knights, form a mask to create a full-scale defense equal to their own spiritual power.At the footsteps of the foot, Li Xin jumped up, and his right hand sword went straight to Long Haochen’s head. At this time, she was really a bit depressed, was a long-forbidden lady of Long Haochen and a first-class qinjun forced himself to be like a shameless person and used this sacred energy skill to ascend TianTian to resolve the attack. There was a fever on her face. Always get back your face.Long Haochen did not launch a counterattack this time. The right-handed sword was lifted. In an instant, he felt like a sculpture. Although it was just the feeling of that moment, Nalanya, who was watching the game, nearly shot out his eyeball.When the cry was loud, Li Xin was so shocked that he was stunned.We must know that her spiritual power is at least twice that of Long Haochen, and she is also leaping from the air. Even if she is merciless, the attacking power is quite considerable. In Li Xin's opinion, at the very least, she must also retire. . But in fact, she was shaken back. The palm of his hand was paralyzed."Don't fight, how is this going on?" Li Xin fell to the ground depressed, looking puzzled and still doing a defensive posture of Long Haochen.See Li Xin's hand, Long Hao Chen also put away his own two swords, some embarrassed to look at a look of depressed Li Xin, do not know what to say."Uncle Nalan, you're commenting on the judges. What's going on here? Did he really have the knight's level of spiritual strength? How could he get rid of me?"As she said, Li Xin saw Nalan's shocked expression on his face. This time he was like a sculpture, standing there with a stunned look."Uncle Nalan, what's wrong with you?" Li Xin asked, puzzled."God's refuge? Xiao Xiaochen, tell me quickly, is it that you are not a God defender?" Nalan rushed to Long Haochen in two steps, his eyes full of eager and shocking light.Li Xinying’s full-faced Qiaolian suddenly lost her breath. “Uncle Nalan, are you correct? Is it a defensive stance on behalf of the Knight of Huiyao? Impossible, this is absolutely impossible. Can Yao Yao knight learn?"Huo Yao knight, the title of the sixth-order knight. The defensive Guardian is the signature skill of the Shining Knight, also known as one of the most perverted skills of the Cavaliers.