Chapter 48 Challenge Seventh Order (Part Two)Yang Wenzhao walked to the side with Long Haochen and was actually slightly awkward to salute the dragon's morning.Long Haochen walked to one side of the body and quickly asked, "Yang Yangxiong, what are you doing?"Yang Wenzhao smiled and said: "There is something I would like to ask you, and I also ask you to give your consent."Long Hao Chen blinked, "What happened?"Yang Wenzhao whispered: "I want to ask the Dragon brothers to help me take care of Chery."“Huh?”, Long Haochen looked at him with some doubts and said, “When I was a former candidate, Yang Xiong seemed to have chosen Cherry, but she didn’t agree. In fact, I don’t need Yang Xiong’s help. I’ll do the same. Protect her. We are members of the same team.",Yang Wenzhao slightly hesitated a moment, said: "The truth told the Dragon brother, said Cherr is my fiancee. Our two families are set off from childhood, but this girl is a little rebellious, unwilling to accept the arrangements at home, so only This happens right now.Anyway, I'm her fiancé but she's not a team with me, I can only take care of her with the Dragon Brothers.I'm willing to give one-third of the value of the future Give Dragon Brothers, how do you look?",Long Haochen’s face changed and his voice was a little deeper. “Yang Yangxiong, I said it. Cheryl is a member of my team and I will definitely protect her. How can I have your merit?” Just say it here."After that, he turned and walked. Yang Wenzhao tempted Eli to look at him as an insult to himself.Looking at his back, Yang Wenzhao couldn't help but pat his own forehead. "True concern is chaos. I really shouldn't say this to him."At this moment, Long Haochen stopped and turned to Yang Wenzhao: "I will protect every member of my team from harm."Yang Wenzhao nodded his head. "Long Brother, just now, sorry."Long Haochen waved his hand and went back to his partners.At this moment, the Knights of the Knights' Temple, Han Xuan, led ten Hans, who were at least 40 years old, into the trial room in white-fitting costumes and saw him quickly calm down. .Han Hao went to the center of the trial field to stop and the ten Hans stood behind him.“Before today, you have officially become a member of the rank-and-file hunt group. You will also see what the merit score can bring to you. This is why the hunting demons are important as the cradle of the mighty man. The reason. What to do next, presumably you can all guess it. "Yes," is what will happen next, is the new hunting demon team team game. Individual strength is always small on the battlefield, and a good team is a source of miracles. The team game will not allow you to play in face to face. That would only be a waste of time. Later on, you will leave the holy city, set off from here, and go to the frontier "to spend three months of military career."“There, you will face the fiendishness of the Mozu, but it is also the most direct opportunity to obtain merit values. After three months, the team with the highest total number of merit scores is the first place in the team game, and so on. The only rewards are for the three players, the first one is worth 1,000, the second 500 and the third 500. I am talking about everyone in the team. ”You know, even Long Yaochen, who is an individual champion, was rewarded with 100 merits. At this point, Han Jie’s opening is the meritorious service of the champion team. This means that this team has the opportunity to quickly advance the level of hunting demons! For a time, everyone's eyes are bright.On the battlefield, the individual strength will be greatly weakened, and the strength of the team will not be as simple as the ability of one team member to add up. Everyone is likely to win the final championship.Han Yu continued: “The ten guardian knights standing behind me will each be your leader. They are all heroes who have fought with the Mozu for many years. You must learn from them on the battlefield. Go back and start."The Temple Alliance is also well-intentioned, and the place where people can be most hone is naturally the battlefield. "You want to make a team grow up quickly and develop a tacit understanding. Then, the battlefield where you are faced with a life or death situation is obviously the best tool to run in." And for the safety of these children, the League sent the ten guardian knights. They not only have the task of protecting the various new hunting devils, but they also shoulder the role of nurturing the core of the hunting demon. For the team, the knight responsible for coordinating, defending and directing is always the most important.Ten guardian knights came out and came to the front of each new hunting devil.Long Haochen was on their side. He was a brawny man with big build and similar stature to Sima Xian. It looks like it is about 40 years old. The chiseled face of the knife was full of seriousness. There is a scar on each side of his neck." There is also a round scar with a diameter of two inches on the side of the head.Before coming to the crowd, Gao Yingjie clenched his fist on the left chest with a right fist and said: "Hello, my name is Gao Yingjie. From now on, I will be your leader for the next month. I am not responsible for directing you. Fighting, but always have the right to make decisions for you.My mission is to ensure that you leave the battlefield alive after three months.Three months from the moment we arrive at the battlefield.Before departure, I need to understand Your strength.",Chen Yinger asked a curious baby: "How do you understand the leader?"Gao Yingjie took a look at her. “Fighting is always the best way to test your strength. You have only just completed the team combination. I am afraid I have never fought together. Then, I am your first goal to challenge.”After listening to him, the first to react was Sima Xian and Wang Yuanyuan. The two of them were the most militant. Otherwise, the shield warriors and priests would not be trained as powerful fighters.Wang Yuanyuan: "Leader, how many times are you?"Gao Yingjie said indifferently: "The Templars of the Seventh Order. However, in my test with you, I do not use flying ability" does not summon the mount. ”Wang Yuanyuan eagerly said: "Then if we win you, is there any advantage?Long Haochen had never opened his mouth. As Gao Yingjie said, their team has only just been established. He has to observe more partners so as to be familiar with each person's characteristics. Now he has discovered a trait of Wang Yuanyuan."Win?" Gao Yingjie's forgeable face shows a smile. “I cannot give you the meritorious value. But if you win, I will be part of your team, and for the time being you will be a guardian knight among you, obeying the assignment of your head. On the battlefield, I All merit scores received are divided equally among your team members.""A word is set." This time it was Long Haochen's opening and it was decided by a hammer.The team leader is tasked with protecting their new recruiting genius, and naturally will not directly join their fight against the Mozu. Only when it is extremely necessary will it be shot. This is the Seventh Order Templar Knight! If he can temporarily become a member of the team, then the Mozu they hunted will have a qualitative leap in both quantity and quality. At that time, which team can compete with them for the final number one?Although it will be very difficult for them to challenge the seven orders, Gao Yingjie is after all a guardian knight, not a disciplinary knight. Plus no danger at all, people do not even call mounts.Why do not you spell such a good opportunity?Watching these young people eagerly look, Gao Yingjie can not help but laugh, these children! Do they really think that the more-order challenge is so easy? And still more than two steps. It should be noted that there are as many as 10,000 entry barriers for the Seventh Order Templar. What's more, he is not a first class Templar.Other hunters departed under the leadership of the team leader and Han Hao also left. In the knight's trial room, they only left this hunting corps.Gao Yingjie went to the center of the field. One shield and one sword appeared in his possession, but he did not wear armor. The shield and sword in his hands are just the most common knight weapon. Even magic-level equipment is probably not.Long Haochen straddled the first few steps and came to the front of the team to quickly wear his own Holy Spirit suit. The white light flashed and the Holy Spirit guarded and inspired. A layer of white mist covered all the partners."Sima, madness. Original, inlaid. Sakura is summoned in the rear. Lin Xin assists in defense. Han Yu follows me in front of defense and adopts children to adapt."Long Haochen quickly made command. This is the first time they have cooperated, and there is no tacit understanding. Only the language is used for direct command.While blaming the responsibility, Long Xuan's eyebrows flashed at the violet, and Haoyue appeared. However, Long Haochen did not ride on him but let it fall behind.Han Yu also wears good equipment. The right-handed epee quickly finishes the rune call. The distorted light shines above his head. A strange World of Warcraft appears over him.Seeing this World of Warcraft, even Gao Yingjie, who is a Knight of the Templar, has been stunned for a moment because he is a wonderful work of Warcraft.It was a two-foot-diameter eyeball that looked like a disc. Yes, it is a big eyeball with a black tail hanging underneath the eyeball. North is also presented in black. The big-eyed ball is spinning. There are constantly distorted light patterns around it, and it looks a bit bizarre.Gao Yingjie was surprised: "This is an evil eye? This is a rare World of Warcraft partner!"Long Hao Chen is also a slight glimpse, when he defeated Han Yu, Han Yu did not summon Warcraft at all.The huge evil eyes floated so swiftly over the top of Han's head that the eyeball continued to rotate, and the distorted light pattern seemed to be emitted from the center of its pupil.