Chapter 48 Challenge Seventh Order (I)When the members of the No.1 hunting demons who were headed by Long Haochen were spraying each other while they were not playing with each other, they began to have a big dinner together."Grandpa, the group is over? The host hasn't come back yet. What's the situation?" Han Yu is now used to calling Long Haochen. Over the past few days, Long Haochen has gone to the competition. He stays in the hotel and does not go out. Waiting for the end of the Demon Mission Challenge.Han Hao looked at these days and his grandson, who had obviously become calm and subtle, smiled and said, "It's not good, but it's not bad. The composition of this hunting demon dragon group is a bit strange. I call you to come." . "At the moment, he will elaborate on the results of Long Haochen's draw.Han Yu has been listening very seriously, and his eyes have revealed the colors of his thoughts.Han Hong pointed to the chair next to him and motioned him to sit down. "Talk about your opinion."Han Yudao: "Overall, it is indeed very beautiful. However, it is also an excellent hunting demon. First of all, in both knights and assassins, almost impeccable. The performance of the host and the child girl in the trial was enough to prove everything. For warriors, Wang Yuanyuan’s strength with the shield of giant spirits is also quite impressive. In a sense, that Sima Xian can also call it a Berserker. The two fighters in the team will definitely increase the attack ability of the hunting demons. In terms of the magician, Lin Xin was not able to attack, but I heard that his magical control and magical defense were far more than that of Tongji. In addition to Cherrie, it seems that no one can break his defense. In fact, in the team, he is mainly responsible for your defense, even when the shield soldiers to use. ”After listening to him here, Han Hong led the way and said he continued.Han Yu then said: "As for the magic attack, the master's three-property World of Warcraft partner's magic is very powerful, almost as three magicians to view. Perhaps it can not use equipment, any kind of attribute can not be with the same level "Compared to the magician," but the three attributes add up, definitely better than the vast majority of the fifth-order magician. If it can continue to grow," the same character as the magician in the team does not have to worry about anything."Han Yu, apparently very satisfied with the analysis of the grandson, smiled and said, "What about the summoner?"Han Yu shrugged his shoulders and said: "I have not thought that the six-level summoning division has too much effect. Chen Yinger such a wonderful summoner obviously can not count.However, as long as the owner of the team battle "does not consider her fighting power. She may bring surprises to us. After all," she had used the door of life to summon the eight-level Warcraft! ”Here, Han Yu paused, his brow slightly wrinkled, said: "The only short board in the entire team is probably on the profession of the pastor. Although the owner is a guardian knight also has a certain therapeutic ability, his Warcraft partner also has Light properties, but after all, they are not true priests, and the host is the mainstay of the entire team. He has a Holy Spirit, and he certainly can't count on him to pay more attention to treatment. As for his Warcraft partners, I am afraid that there are more. It will only focus on him.""Very good." Han Hong's smile on her face was a little more intense. "It seems that after you had beaten you this morning, you did grow a lot. It's a good thing to turn bad. Your analysis is correct. Look. It's also very thorough. The biggest problem with this team is that it's healing. But you forgot someone in the analysis.""Who?" Han Yu looked at Grandpa with some curiosity.Han Xiao smiled indifferently and said: "You yourself. Don't forget that you are also a guardian knight. Moreover, you don't need to be a guardian knight of the team's main defense force. Well, it plays an indispensable role in this team." What should I do? You just analyzed it yourself. ”Han Yu's heart moved. "You mean, let me later skills tend to treat?"Han Hao slightly led the first "Thanks:" treatment and assistance. "What you have to do" is to enhance the survivability of the entire team on the battlefield, so that there is no worries in the forefront of the morning.Han Yu's eyes brightened. He was a wise man. He was reminded by his grandfather and suddenly wanted to pass a lot of things."Go back and you'll come back in three days. Before you leave, Grandpa has something to offer you."After Long Haochen returned to the hotel, he was unable to calm himself for a long time. The hunting demons were formed, and the members of the team constantly appeared in his mind.He is only 14 years old this year. No matter how stable and mature, he still has a lot of restrictions on his age. If possible, he really wants to let the head of the group get out of the way so that the virtuous people can live there.However, he really can let it out? In his own hunting demon group, it is definitely not a reliable match. Caier also clearly stated that he did not have the idea of ​​being a leader. In the end, it is only him who can convince everyone.From today, he is no longer a person, but seven people. He is responsible for the life of each partner. Responsible for every action.In an instant, four days passed.In these four days, Long Haochen and his dog team mainly did two things. One was to go to the side of the sacred confederation. The hunting quest mission tower was formally registered as a hunting slayer.The hunting demon itself is also graded. The higher the level of the hunting demon mission is, the higher the difficulty of the task that can be accepted, and the higher the corresponding prize.The hunt group is divided into six levels, from the low to the high, to the ranks, the slow, the handsome, the king, the imperial and the title.Each promotion level has extremely stringent requirements. After all the requirements are met, it will be successful. For example, from an advanced school level, it is necessary to first train all team members to more than five ranks, each with more than one thousand merit scores, and the team’s total merit score is more than 10,000. This is still the simplest.The highest title level will make the Hunting Magic Group have its own title, and the first requirement is to hunt at least the top thirty-six devils in the twelve-pole demons. One can imagine how difficult this was.Members of the hunting demon team rely on merit scores whether they want to exchange equipment or cheats. After completing the registration, each of their left arm was implanted with a pale gold gem token in the blood, and this token will accompany them until the end of the journey to the hunting demons.When they slay Mozu, this token, which is enough to reach the genie level, can automatically identify, record, and increase their feats. When completing other tasks, the hunting demon mission tower will increase the corresponding merit score for them.Long Haochen won the championship of the hunting mob this time, and he directly had a hundred merit points. The first four pickers were 50 points. Others did not enter the top sixteen. Only ten points were guaranteed. Only.Thanks to his 100-point exploits, Long Yuchen reminded her with a tribute to the Hunter Magic Exchange Center in exchange for three things. He spent a total of 150 meritorious feats and achieved the merits of the two. Exhausted. These three things are merit test gem, inner spiritual test gem, and external spiritual test gem.The merit test stones only need to be affixed to the meritorious gem tokens on their left arms, and they will be worthy of the merits of the continent, so that they can find out what they are doing in battle with Mozu. This thing is very important to inspire team morale.As for inner spiritual testing gems, Long Haochen’s purchase is limited to 10,000 inner spiritual impacts, while the outer spiritual testing gems are the pressure generated by a spiritual force below 1,000.With these two kinds of gems, team members can check their own status and cultivating results at any time. These three things are not expensive, but they are better than practical ones. They are indispensable for any hunt group.In addition to registration, it is to re-enter the Holy Mongolian Treasure Pavilion. Although Long Haochen can't get the reward of the spirit stove, he and Caier can choose two kinds of secret skills for cultivation. Long Yaochen who possesses the Ring of Long Xingyu's inheritance has no doubt selected guardian knight skills. He selected a skill to enhance personal defense and an overall increase skill. Since he is the leader of the hunting demons, it is the core of the entire team. He naturally considers the entire team when choosing skills.The day before the selection of Cheats, Han Yu had talked to him once. Otherwise, Long Haochen’s choices would probably be more of a treatment class.It was at the same time that he had acquired Cheats at the same time. Long Haochen also received a notice ordering him and his team members to take a trip and set off. They set off early in the morning and did not know where to go for the new Hunting Demon Team."Teacher." After knocking on the door of the Night Gate, Long Haochen closed the door and slammed it into the night.Night was startled by him. "What happened to you? What did you do?"Long Haochen did not speak, but first made three noises to him, he and he. Then he looked up and his eyes were full of tears. “Teacher, today we are going to leave. I, I cannot bear to. Leave you."Staring at the beautiful face of Long Haochen blankly, there was a pair of glittering eyes pupils. Nightsweet's always-looking face looked gradually agitated and his hands held him in the arm of Long Haochen. Get up and put him in his arms. No matter how good he is, he is only a 14-year-old boy after all!Even if the night is not spent, there is no future generation. Unconsciously, in the past few years he had already treated Long Haochen as his own son. Yes! It will be different, Long Haochen can not bear him, how could he be willing to have this kid?