Chapter 46 This is the hug you owe me (I)At the top of the back seat of the throne is a rouge gemstone with a circular shape. The air of Zhongzheng is awe-inspiring. It dispels the horror and anxiety in the minds of the six strong men in the sanctuary. It seems that as long as it exists, no one will suffer. hurt.On the wide seat, there is a tortoiseshell pattern, and four stout legs that resemble legs are extended downwards. The two huge handrails are slightly upturned, and a cloud-like relief is stamped on it.Countless heavy patterns extend from the sides of the top of the back to the corner of the entire throne, and the pure air is a breeze.A sigh of light whispered, and an old, vigorous voice reverberated. “The Holy Moon Brother, don’t worry, don’t talk about the rules, and you didn’t do anything wrong in the morning. Even if he did something wrong, could he let him say it clearly and say everything? ?",Dressed in a white robe, Yang Xiulhan fluttered in silence before the great throne. There is an unparalleled throne as the background, even if it is across the face of the black and thin old man of the holy month, can not stand still.The young people who participated in the trials of the hunting demons may not know what this is, but how could he not know it?It was the throne of the guardian and mercy of the six kings of the Knights of the Knights.Yang Shuhan, dressed in a white robe, is the knight of the knight's sanctuary and co-ordination at the headquarters of the Temple Alliance. It is the current leader of the Temple Alliance."Yang Yu-han, do you want to stop me?" No matter how powerful the Holy Moon, in the face of the king of the guardian and compassion, he also had to converge. Because he knows that "Although it is also a nine-order, it is impossible to break Yang's defense with his own attack.Yang Yu-han sang: “Santa Moon Brother, I did not expect this little guy to bring such trouble. However, as one of the deputy chiefs of the Temple Alliance, there are so many young generations of the six temple elites in the For the glory of the alliance, please exercise restraint. It is better for young people to solve their own problems."Along with the discourse, supreme majesty spreads out from the body of Yang Haohan. He waved his hand, and a layer of golden glow has enveloped him and the Ascants' Temple. The Holy Moon appears at this time and is aimed at Long Haochen. It is obviously contrary to the rules of the Temple Alliance. He does not want this situation to affect young people's views on the Alliance. So isolated from the outside world's voice.Holy Moon said: "You told me less about these principles. My great-grandaughter's mind was hit hard. What do you say?"Yang Yanhan said: "Sacred Moon, you calm down. A few days ago your great-granddaughter had hit my grandson because of selfish grudges. What can I say to you?"When the Holy Moon lingers, it emphatically says: "I have been a prostitute who is a reincarnation of the Holy Girl. You should know how important she is to the Alliance."Yang Yuhan’s face grew irritably. “You must stir up the Holy Moon. I'll take you down first. It's really important to be a reincarnation of the holy girl.” However, Chen Chen is the constitution of the innocent child. What is the importance of the 97 knights in the first day of my life for the Knights Templar? ”Staying for the Holy Month, "What did you say? He is the son of light?"Yang Yuhan coldly yelled, "You are not as good as your great-grandchild."The Holy Moon regained its gratitude and said, "What use is this for, and that little bastard is worthy of everything my niece has done for him? I don't care. I don't give an explanation to the old woman today. Later I'll assassinate the temple and your cavaliers. The temple is not finished.”The child was awake from a half-coma. The dialogue between the two strong men she had heard most of the time, and the veil that was stained with blood was slightly drooping." She revealed half of her pale face, her gray pupils sparkling with blurred waves, slowly from The Holy Moon stood straight in her arms."Zengzu, this is just a matter between me and him.Holy Moon angered: "That kid is like this to you. Do you still protect him?"Caier shook his head and said: "He did not do anything wrong. He wants to choose, that's his business. The great ancestors could not influence the relationship between the two temples for us."The Holy Month took a look at Caier, and then looked at Yang Wenzhao, who was on the opposite side of the guardian and mercy God of the Seal of India, to suppress anger. “We go.” He is the league's deputy chief after all. How can he not understand the overall situation?Caier shook his head again. "Zeng Zu, you go first."The Holy Moon looked at her in confusion and said, "What are you doing here? Let that little bastard humiliate it?" His nature was fierce and he had just returned, but he was excellent for this great-grandchild. Otherwise, it will not happen because of the urge to do so.In the eyes of the child's inability to see things, the whispered whispered: "I just want to ask him, why?""Let me go." Long Haochen shouted at the shadow of the wind.Because he faces six behind-the-scenes lords, he can't see behind the scenes. The reticle on the platform is even more isolated from the behind-the-scenes. As for those changes in light, he wouldn't care.Although he couldn't see him, how could he not know that he had heard the pain of choosing Lin Xin? Being caught in the wind, he could not continue his plan.With the wind facing him, naturally seeing the changes behind him, seeing the two giants of the Holy 9 and Yang Chaozhao appear in the trial room at the same time.” He knew that this was not something he could control. Now.An angry group of dragons drove him away. Or Han Hao quickly stepped forward to support Long Yuchen's body.Long Haochen did not seem to take any notice of the threat and oppression that had just happened with the wind. He did not hesitate to collapse on the knee to Han."The Paladin grew up. I have a request.",Naturally, Han Yu also saw the outside situation. This near-uncontrollable situation made him annoyed at this time. He sighed and said: "What is your request?"Long Haochen resolutely said: "I want to give up the reward for the first prize in this year's Challenge and only hope that the league will allow me to choose one more person to enter the team.""What?" Han Yu was shocked again. "You said you want to give up the spirit furnace?"You should know that the rewards of the spirit furnace are the recent selections of the Hunting Monsters. It can be said that even the most common spirit furnace is heavenly treasure. He should abandon the spirit furnace?Several other vice-principals face each other, and for some time they are puzzled.Han Ye could not help but humbly said: "What the hell are you doing?"Long Haochen resolutely said: "The paladin grew up, I didn't agonize. If the coalition can't agree to my request, I want to give up the composition of the hunting demon. I will re-enter the competition five years later. At that time, my request is still the same. If the alliance is still not allowed, then I will not participate in the hunting demon group.""No," the six deputies shouted in unison.Han Yan is afraid of Long Hao Chen not participate in the hunting demon group. The hunting demon mission is the only way for any of the six temples to advance to the top. It is also the best way to grow. Long Haochen, who has a bright son's constitution, has already won the first place in the current selection. If he abandons being a member of the hunting demons, it is very likely that his youth will be ruined.As for the other five deputies, the idea is as good as one. Five years later? Now is the first time. After five years, who can match him? The first is definitely his. How could they hope to see such an opponent that cannot be balanced by others after five years?Long Haochen lowered his head and said: "Please ask the coalition to give my request."Han Yu asked quietly, "Who do you want to join your team?"Long Haochen immediately looked up and said: "The assassin's temple was taken by the children.""Although I have more than one person, it should not undermine the fairness of the hunting demon corps. Lin Xin did not enter the first sixteen, and Caier was the only one I had to choose. It was because I was participating in the competition and Lin Xin had. Agreement, so I have to choose him first. This is my original commitment. However, Caier is a person I want to protect for the rest of my life, and I must not be separated from her. If the two cannot be combined, I will only give up hunting. A member of the regiment was kept by the children. Wherever she was, I was where I was."In the eyes of the children, the stunnedness became sluggish, and Yang Haohan and the Holy Moon's face became wonderful. Do you have such a hand behind this kid for a long time?For a time, the two big nine-step elites all have a feeling of crying and laughing.Yang Yuhan’s depression is even stronger than the Holy Moon. What is it called? It turns out that there are such twists and turns. However, how can this kid not clearly communicate with other people? This is too confused.In fact, this really can't blame Long Haochen. First of all, today is the semi-final. How could he predict that the final will be played today? What's more, Caier’s strength was so strong that he did not even want to compete for the top two in Long Xi’s unconscious mind. In particular, after the drawing of the semi-finals, he will face the adoption of children, and naturally will not even say his own thoughts.In his opinion, he himself wants to take the initiative. However, Caier will become the top three candidate for the election. Long Haochen's plan was exactly the same as her. "Even he even thought of escaping from Lin Xin's promise to give up the fight for third place. After five years, he will come to participate in a trial and then choose Lin Xin."Who can imagine that adopting two successive defeats of children completely destroyed the plan of Long Haochen. The finals began at this time. At that moment, Long Haochen had only thought to be the first to embrace his adopted children.If the finals were held tomorrow, Long Haochen would not forget such an important thing even if he had mood swings because of the adoption of a child. There will be no previous twists and turns.Even after starting the finals, Long Haochen thought that there would always be an opportunity to exchange views with Caier before the roulette selection. Which is a conjecture, the rule of roulette picking did not even allow him to go back to Caier and cut off the outside world, causing him to misunderstand his voice.