Chapter 48 Challenge Seventh Order (Chinese)"In the early morning, in the past few years, has the teacher been very fierce to you?" Nightingale's voice was obviously hoarse.Long Haochen shook his head vigorously and stuck on the chest that night is not too broad. He spends even more time with Longhua than Long Xingyu. He is a son of natural light. He is pure and psychic in his heart. He can especially feel the goodness and badness of people around him. Nightingale is good from the heart to himself. In his heart, Nightingale is not as glorious and powerful as his father, but his status is not low at all.The night smiles: "You are the best student of the teacher in this life. No one. The teacher knows that my teaching method has always been very strict. However, you have studied with me for so long, but you have never called a hardship. You can achieve your current achievements only when you are 14 years old. The physical quality of your bright son is important, but your own efforts are also the key to success. ”“Now that you have become a member of the hunting demons, you are gradually growing up. Although the teacher cannot follow you, the teacher will pray for your peace at any time. I’ve already been with you. Once you have discussed the matter, stay in the holy city and you will not return to the city of the moon. When you come back to deliver the mission, you can go to the government of the Holy Alliance to find me.”“Although you are young, you are naturally strong, calm and kind. The teacher is very reassuring to you. However, you are too heavyhearted. The only thing that the teacher can do for you is that safety is the most important aspect at all times. Think twice, don't be aggressive. You must have your own opinions, but you must also listen to the advice of your friends. The teacher believes that you will be able to become an excellent head of the hunting demon.”"Teacher, I ..." Long Haochen listened to the words of Nightingale, and he fell into tears in his arms.Nightingale laughed and patted him on the back. "Well, you're a man and a woman. Don't do this girlish posture. Go, the hawk grows up. Always open its wings in the sky." One day, your brilliance will illuminate the entire Holy League, even the entire continent. ”As he said, Nightingale looked at his shoulder, opened the door, and gently pushed him out.The next moment, the back of Nightingale leaned heavily on the door. His hands, his heart, and the tears in his eyes shook gently."The teacher, I will always come back to see you." ”Night's tears couldn't help it any longer. When he rushed out, he covered his mouth and resisted to stop crying.The footsteps of Long Haochen's departing sounded as if he had exhausted all the power of Nightingale. "If he is really my son, how good it should be."Li Xin stood in front of the hotel and watched some dragons who had lost their spirits come out of the morning, quickly greeted him and rubbed his head. “Stupid younger brother, it’s not a matter of life. If you want to repay Mr. Night’s teacher, then Let him be proud of you, and let him feel the glory of the knight you are emitting.""Yeah." Long Hao Chen nodded his head gently, reluctantly looked out from the outside window of the night room, forced a fist, "sister, let's go."Holy League trials, knights test field.The newly formed hunting squad has already been completed. Because it is a newly formed hunting demon group, so they are all grades, but also qualify for this position, for example, Long Hao Chen they are a class one hunting demon group. Because, now is the rank of the hunting demon group, only their newly established ten only."I'll give you a brief introduction. This is Han Yu, and I'm from the Cavaliers." After joining Long Xichen and her partners, she first introduced Han Yu to everyone. Because they were leaving soon, Han Yu returned home yesterday and joined the dragon's morning at the entrance to the knight's trial room.Do you know from a knight? In the team of Long Haochen, besides adopting children, the eyes of the other four people can not help but become surprised.Sima Xian opened his eyes wide and patted his shaved head. "Header, do you still follow the knight?"Long Haochen smiled and said, "My brother Lin is my friend but he is my friend. He is a fifth-order guardian knight. With his joining, the strength of our team will certainly become stronger. ."Sima Xian, Lin Xin, Wang Yuanyuan and Chen Yinger looked at each other and their hearts were shocked. The Knights' Temple was too strong. The fifth-order knight was not even twenty-five, but failed to enter the finals of the hunting demons. stage? Or did he not participate in the finals at all, and has always been Long Haochen's obedience?Sima Xian smiled and said: "Welcome to join."Lin Xin's look today looks a little edgy, his face pale, and even the meticulous length of hair he always combs on the week is a bit scattered. Nodded to Han Yu, but did not say anything.Wang Yuanyuan, a pair of eager-looking models, said: "The guardian knight! There is an opportunity to fall back on your actual strength."Han Yu smiled and said: "I'm just the master's obedience. Protecting the owner's safety is my first criterion. I also have a meritorious crystal card, but according to the rules of the hunting demon mission, as a deaf knight, my meritoriousness will not be. Calculations are within the team's total merit."Hearing the words of meritorious service, even Lin Xiumin’s eyes were brightened.Chen Yinger clipped his eyes and shouted, "You can change many good things."They can be said to be eye-openers when they are hunting the Moorish Trade Center. At their current level, they can only exchange items for merit on the first floor of the trading center. Sex.The weapons and equipment that can be replaced by the rank-and-file hunting demon squad turned out to be demon-class, and even had a small amount of brilliant equipment. All kinds of immortality can also be exchanged. There are many more times they haven't seen it on the market yet they are extremely practical and useful. Everyone who sees has a desire to drool. However, these things cannot be bought even if they have money. The hunting center only accepts exchange of merit. Even members of each hunting team can use barter or directly perform merit purchases.There is no doubt that the Holy Alliance's arrangement is to arouse the desire of all the members of the hunting demons to value meritorious deeds and stimulate the fighting power of the hunting demons. Even if these hunting groups are very clear about this, they still have excellent results.There are so many good things in the elite trading center. When it comes to the higher level, the level, the handsome level, even the king level and the imperial level are not good things?Wang Yuanyuan: "I inquired about it, there are two main ways to obtain merit value, the most direct is to kill the Mozu. Any Mozu can. The most common Mozu Zelin double knife magic can also get a little merit. The other thing is to complete the tasks posted on the mission tower."Long Hao Chen Hehe smiled and said: "Do not worry, our group has just been established, not familiar with each other, let alone tacit understanding.We try to run in as much time as possible, and then gradually increase the difficulty of the task. ”Chen Yinger vomited his tongue and said: "Head, your courage is very small." Today, this little dill wore a white magic robe, head combed into two small braids together, looks Very tender and pleasant.Lin Xin snorted and said: "You are not timid. I heard that you will summon the sheep, well, it is not bad, so we can not bring food."Chen Yinger angered: "Dead sissy, who are you talking about?"In the team, Han Yu was counted as four men, and the four were not bad in looks. Sima Xian was found to be a formidable person, Han Yuying was very handsome, and Long Haochen was not to mention. From his face, he could not find a half point. defect. Lin Xin's appearance is second only to Long Haochen. Only "He is a magician" is a little weaker, not as symmetry as Long Haochen looks. There is another long hair. Therefore, this sissy nickname was established."I am not a sissy, brother is a pure man." Lin Xin furious.Wang Yuanyuan's brow was slightly wrinkled and said: "Well, what do you two quarrel? Well, it's the most important thing to think about merit."Lin Xin turned his wrists and put out two more bottles of meds in his palm. He first tossed a bottle of Sima Xian and said: “This is the headliner that the prince said. Each one can at least increase the spiritual power within ten points while promoting. The effect of cultivation is useful below the fifth level. There are ten in the bottle and you use it first."Sima Xian was overjoyed. He quickly took the medicine bottle and gave a thumbs up to Lin Xin. "Good brother, I will not be polite to you." Xie said that it was far better to remember in his heart.Sima Xian and Chen Yinger, who are less than five in the team, see Lin Xin's two bottles of immortality. Chen Yinger will not understand. Suddenly he smiled and came up. "The sissy is also a good thing. You must be a good sissy. It will not be compared to other children."Lin Xin rolled her eyes and said, "I'm not allowed to call me a sissy later."Chen Nai’er grabbed the immortality in his hand and patted him on the shoulder. “Well, okay, everyone is their own person, don’t worry about it, and I will cover you when fighting.”Lin Xin's nose was almost discouraged by her. "On you, still cover me?"Chen Yinger got quite a small chest that took shape and said, "I can't cover you. Let's go.""Keke." At this moment, there was a cough beside.Long Haochen looked away and saw Yang Wenzhao come to him.Can the "Dragon Brothers" speak in one step? "Yang Wenzhao is very polite to Long Haochen.Long Hao nodded in the morning. “Of course it is.” Both were competitors in the game, but Long Haochen’s impression of Yang Wenzhao was excellent. Yang Wenzhao’s strength was not only strong, but also his character was calm. More importantly, Since he was able to get the approval of the star unicorn, he could see how his nature was.