The Forty-Seventh Chapter of Long Haochen's Hunting Demon (center)At this time, the advantage of the guardian rider compared to riding a ten to show off. The biggest advantage of Long Haochen naturally lies in his Holy Spirit. The St. Leonard's ranking is far less than the Xinghai Lingzi. There is no actual offensive and defensive ability. However, his attractiveness to the team members is enormous."The following began to combine the first trophy of the current trial.Long Haochen, turn the wheel forward. The hunting team you head for is temporarily called the No. 1 Hunting Mission. ”"Yes." Long Haochen appeared to be particularly honest today, respectfully promised to stand still after the roulette.There are dedicated staff to operate and ten names are gradually emerging on the roulette wheel.Han Yan said: "In the first round, we chose the members of the fighters in the team." The staff handed a crimson bead of light to Dragon's morning hands.The roulette in front of him suddenly rotated and ten names disappeared instantly. What Long Yuchen could see was only a ring of light.At the staff’s prompt, Long Haochen slowly placed the red-red beaded hand on the wheel and his fingers were loose. The red-red beads had already fallen into the rapidly spinning wheel.The violent movements sounded with a crisp sound, and the dense collision sound affected the hearts of all contestants present. Especially the ten fighters, the mood is even more intense.The roulette selection team is different from the previous designated person. Once it is selected by the roulette wheel, it must be added to the team unless you choose to abandon it as a member of the hunting team. When the roulette is selected, it will be given up and will not even be allowed to participate in the subsequent selection of the Hunting Moors. This is known as the authority of the roulette at the hunting corps selection.The speed at which the aperture rotates gradually decreases, and the ten names gradually become clear as the wheel spins.The six main temple halls are all staring at the roulette. At this time, anyone who dares to use tricks to interfere with the fairness of the roulette will immediately bear the anger of the six strong leaders of the eighth-order.Finally, the speed of the roulette completely slowed down, and it was clearly seen that the red-red light ball was slowly beating, one name after another passing under its beating, and eventually stopped.Long Hao Chen opened his eyes and saw the name. After a brief glimpse, the eyes suddenly showed a clear euphoria. Obviously, he had good luck and selected a good soldier."No. 1 hunting demons, warriors, and Wang Yuanyuan are out." Han Yan announced the roster selection list.Wang Yuan, who was standing on the second row with huge shields, had been stunned for a moment and then he happily walked out. It seems that luck is good!Wang Yuanyuan, who was striding out of his stride, greeted her with Han Yan’s gesture and reached out and said to her, “Welcome to join.”Wang Yuanyuan's eyelids were rejoicing. He raised his hand and slapped a hand on his palm. “Last time you were lucky and won me. I'll have the opportunity to discuss with you later.”Long Haohe smiled and said: "OK!"Wang Yuanyuan dragged himself to the back of Lin Xin's shield and stood on his back. The smile on his face could not be restrained. Although she is a shield warrior, she does not defend. Long Haochen is a guardian and disciplinary double-attribute knight. He also has a St. Paul's Spiritual Stove and won the final individual championship. More importantly, through several contacts plus the scene of yesterday, Wang Yuanyuan saw the essence of his heavy heart. Although younger, it is obviously a good thing to have such a knight team. Not to mention the adoption of the first assassin of the current contest, it is very likely that the first strong person exists. As for a magician, it was directly filtered by her.Long Haochen was equally satisfied with the fact that the warrior was inferior to the priest in the selection of the hunting demons. Although Wang Yuanyuan did not enter the top 16, he also broke through the fifth rank. However, Long Haochen once had a hand with her and he has a deep understanding of the strength of this girl. He faintly felt that Wang Yuanyuan, who had the shield of the giant spirit, should be the strongest player in this competition. In his own team, although Lin Xin can't attack, so far, all four of them are all fifth-order practitioners. And three people are actually the strongest of the temples in this tournament.Going back to the roulette, Han Yan said: "Choose members of the pastor in the team."Ten names reappeared on the roulette wheel. Just like the previous program, Halo rapidly rotated and the red-red bead was once again in the hands of Long Haochen.Hope to have a good priest. For the priest, Long Haochen asked himself not to be familiar, but he thought that the priests who could enter the top ten should all be good, so they did not care too much.Priests involuntarily fell into tension. Of the top ten priests, only three were male and the rest were women. At this time, even some pastor girls thought in my heart, as long as he is not married, I have a chance.Only one exception, touched his big bald head, Sima Xian is indifferent looking at the platform. One-tenth chance, what's so nervous, how can there be so good luck! And it is not the same as who is a team. If other team members are weaker, I might still be head of the team.The roulette wheel was stagnant. Standing in the dragon's morning after the roulette wheel, his eyes were clearly filled with horror.Han Yan’s voice sounded, “The No. 1 hunting demon corps, pastor, and Sima Xian were delisted.”"Ah? Is it me?" Sima Xian almost jumped and pointed to his nose.The sight of all the people around him also fell on him, watching his bright bald head and the tough muscles hidden under the gowns of the Grand Priest. His eyes could not help but become bizarre.Sima Xian stepped out, although Long Haochen had some horror in his heart, he still quickly won. In fact, in his heart, Sima Xian is the one most reluctant to choose. There is no shortage of attackers in the hunting demon corps. A chief priest is the most important. However, it will not be everything. Ten percent chance will be so drawn by him. Violent priests also means that there will not be specialized treatment occupations in the team."Welcome to join." Long Haochen reached out to Sima Xian.Sima Xian used his big hand of Long Thann, who was at least 2 in the morning, to wrap Long Yichen's palm. He smiled and said: "Last time you haven't had time to return to you. It's not bad for you to have a team with you."After finishing talking, he touched his big bald head again and took the wand with horrible weight and strode up behind Wang Yuanyuan.Looking at him, Long Haochen secretly consoled himself: "Anyway, he is also the strongest of the priests. Yes! There is a priest who can be mad,"..."The last man, the summoner of the soul temple."Choose the members of the summoner in the team." Han laughed at Sima Xian, and his eyes revealed a hint of color.The wheel rotates for the third time. In view of his "good luck" when he chose the priest, Long Haochen deliberately paused for a moment before putting the red-red beads into the roulette wheel.After a few moments, the roulette wheel came to a halt. When the red-red bead finally came to a standstill, it wasn’t just Long Ducheng’s stunned night. Even the six deputy supervising superintendents and Yang Wenzhao and Mu Ning on the roulette side. Also stuck.If you choose one of the most famous entrants in this tournament, if you choose one of the most famous entrants, it will not be Long Haochen, nor will it be Yang Wenzhao. It will not even be the swiftly adopted Caier or the oddly bald priest or shield. When the battle axe used the original king.The people who can make it are known to everyone, and even the highest levels of the six major temples are known to no one but only one person. That is, only playing once in the preliminary round, he would scare the soul temple with an eight-level summoned animal and no one would dare to play against her again. He won the first prize in the soul sanctuary, but showed her in the group stage later. It depends entirely on luck, absolutely not reliable, absolutely unsure of the strange and random creatures of the door summoning owner of the lo l summoner, Chen Yinger.At this moment, the bright, eye-catching, reddish-colored bead is just in front of the name.The eyes of Lingshui Sanshui became strangely strange. Look at Long Haochen. Then look at Yang Wenzhao and sigh and sigh. Look back.Long Yaochen's lips leaned a little. Is it true that their luck has been exhausted? How could it be her! The baby lamb summoned by Chen Yinger against Wang Yuanyuan still remembers clearly. This girl is not only random in the summons, but all her spiritual powers have the ability to summon the creature's door once.At this moment, the only idea in Long Haochen’s mind is that this round is really fair...Han Yan’s face instantly returned to normal. Shen Sheng announced: “The No. 1 hunting demon corps, the summoner, Chen Yinger, are delisted.”Chen Ying-er jumped up happily and laughed: "Wow, great, you can continue to be with the original sister."Quickly ran out, but Zhaolong Zhao beckoned. Even without shaking hands with him, he ran to Wang Yuanyuan.When Wang Yuanyuan heard Han Xiao announced, his face was also a look. He looked at Chen Yinger thrown over happily and said helplessly: “I don’t want to have a group with you! This girl is just a drag on the battlefield.”Chen Yinger did not take any notice, pulling Wang Yuanyuan’s hand and throwing it away. “Original sister, you can't despise people. Sometimes people are very powerful.”On the stage, Han Xiaoxiao announced: "The No. 1 hunting demon group, the head of the regiment, Long Haochen, the knight, the assassin, Caier, the warrior, Wang Yuanyuan, the magician, Lin Xin, the pastor, Sima Xian, the summoner, Chen Yinger. complete."From this moment onwards, Long Haochen became a team of six people. Unless someone died, they will continue until they end the career of the hunting demons.