Chapter 46 This is the hug you owe me (below)This is just a misunderstanding. I am not good. I should not doubt you Long Haochen. I beg you, let me go. "Children did not dare to struggle hard. Her dagger was extremely sharp. Once the wounds continued to grow, it was even more troublesome."Long Haochen had a slight glimpse and smiled. "I don't want to let go of you. It's hard to get hold of your opportunity."Picking children eagerly said: "Fool, I will let you hold the next, let me go, my dagger has the vitality of absorption. Then go on like this will pump your vitality.You have promised to guard me forever. How can you not so cherish your own body? ”In the eyes of Long Haochen, a hint of surprise appeared, even with a bit of jealousy, bowed his head and said softly: "Speak up, oh," and then let go and hold her arms.Caier had already been prepared to take out his dagger with lightning, and suddenly, the blood arrow shot from the front of the dragon's chest and the back of the chalk, and his entire body fell softly.Although the adoption of children can not be seen, but the action is swift and accurate. While holding him fast, his fingers joined his chest and back and sealed his veins.A soft golden light with a sacred six-pointed star-shaped stark rippled down and shined on Long Haochen. Suddenly, blood stopped. Long Haochen felt only a soft warmth momentary into the wound. The cold moment before was instantly dispelled. The spiritual power that seemed to be broken in the inner body was reunited with this warmth. The injury resumed at an alarming rate.It was the priest's temple, the archdeacon, and the Cardinal was weak.Gently shook his head, the weak water could not help but whispered: "This is really a small family!"The guardian knight also has healing power, but there is still a gap compared to the priest specializing in healing. Even if it is the same sacred skills used by the priest, the effect is very different. In the course of treatment, the priest can better control the effect of the skills, and their divine light and spiritual power is also more gentle.The top cardinal with weaker water is not easy if it is not the first one to be cut down.Yang Shaohan shook his head with helplessness, stepping out of step, gold flashed, but also disappeared. Obviously, the next thing doesn't require him to do anything more.Han Yu coughed and said, “Look at the other five deputies.” “Dear, how do you see the request for Long Haochen? Let me talk about my opinion first. Although this situation has never happened, it’s like Long Haochen. As he said, although he chose two people, one of them did not enter the top sixteen. Does not affect the overall fairness. Moreover, he is also willing to pay the price of spiritual pot rewards. I personally tend to agree with his request. With the wind, you say? ”The shadow blew with the wind without a good breath, and the secret passage in the heart. The old boy was too shy, and the child's little princess was here. Can I not agree?"Well, I have no opinion." Although he was very depressed, he promised.Sanshui said, "This doesn't seem to be in accordance with the rules. If the young people participating in the competition are so frustrated later, can we all adapt?"The San Magister Lin Chen smiled and said, "If you are a big sister of Sanshui, you can't say that. This Long Haochen looks like a teenager, but you can get the final championship. The young people in the future want to reach him like this. It's not easy, and this time it was a coincidence, so I also agreed to accept Long Haochen's proposal.But the price of paying the spirit stove is not too much.There are other ways to do better. .",Han Hao shook his head and said: "The public's mouth is long," not to reward for the stealing. Isn't everyone able to select more team members? It's better than this. We set the rules this time, and each of the top 3 selection teams in the Hunting Magic Group will be given the qualification to abandon the selection of one person. However, multiple candidates cannot be in the top sixteen. How do you see? ""Weak water nodded." said: "This is it. This is also more humane, "I agree."The director of the Warrior Temple Hall of Fame also led me by saying: "The proposal of Han Xiong is very fair. These children are not easy. They can cultivate to such an extent at a young age." They are almost without childhood. Those of us who are elders should not be too harsh. Having a good relationship with the same team can also enhance their cooperation with each other. ”Han Hong smiled and said: "Since all of you have agreed, I will immediately sue the ally and the deputy ally to discuss and pass it. I will announce it tomorrow."Long Haochen was overjoyed and reverently bowed to the six deputies and said: "Thank you for predecessors."Han Hao gave him a sulking look and said: "Let's go and have a rest. You kid! I really don't know what to say about you."Long Hao vomited his tongue, until this time, he was somewhat like a fourteen-year-old boy.Han Yu turned around and yelled at those contestants who had not yet left: "Let's see what you see."With all the dust in front of us, the young people are suddenly dispersed. It is difficult to say how they will talk about today in private.Li Xin rushed forward and looked at the blood in Long Xi's chest. "My brother, why are you?"Long Hao Chen hehe smiled, but did not say anything, just clenched the child's cool little hands.Lin Xin did not make up again, but only looked at Fang Yuchen's head rice and had only been greatly different from before. Silently watching Long Haochen silently leave with the help of Caier and Li Xin, he slowly tightened his fist."Eh, cough." The coughing sound awakened Lin Xin in silence, and when he turned to look, he saw a serious grandfather standing on his side."Grandpa." Lin Xin lowered her head. From small to large, he did not know how many times his grandfather scraped. However, the roar in his prediction did not come. A warm hand fell on his shoulder and patted gently."You can take the initiative to stand up at that time, you can be considered a man to play." Once again patted his grandson's shoulders, Lin Chen strode away. The corner of the mouth is a rare smile. The grandson, who had always been obnoxious, seemed to have grown up. Lin Xin was able to stand up for his defense and take the initiative to take responsibility. He was very pleased. At least, his grandson did not shame himself. Male and female husbands will have to play.Looking at the back of his grandfather, Lin Xin suddenly felt something in the depths of his heart that had been suppressed and suddenly rushed out. His eyes suddenly became wet, murmured with only the voice he could hear: “Mom, if If you are still alive, how good it is."Picker's hand, holding Long Haochen's hand, probes his wrist from time to time and checks his physical condition.The treatment of the cardinal of the weak cardinal was indeed powerful. The destruction effect she had attached to the dagger was actually vanished. The dragon's morning was only weak because of blood loss, and the body's injury was so unknowingly healed. Now. This shows how important an outstanding priest is. That is the life guarantee of the entire team!Chern had sent Long Haochen back to the hotel and even entered the room of Long Haochen for the first time.Li Xin did not stay longer. He also checked the injuries of Long Haochen. After confirming that he was all right, he slowly withdrew and left room for their young couple.Long Hao Chen pulled the child, let her sit beside him, gently pulled down his veil.Caier quickly lowered her head. Her exposed hair suddenly caught two red clouds."Is my heart still uncomfortable? You just vomited blood." Long Haochen inspires the Holy Light Mask attached to the Emerald Bracers to cover both of them.Feel the warmth brought by the holy mask, and Geer shook his head gently.“I’m sorry, I’m in the morning and things are happening because of me. If I’m not so excited, I won’t...”Long Haochen once said, "Caier, it is clear that I did not tell you Lin Xin in advance, how can I blame you?"Caier shook his head and said: "I didn't trust you completely. This is the second time. I can't do it again and again. Whatever you do, I will believe and support you without reservation." You will never let this happen again."Looked at her stunning face, listening to her reprimanded words. Long Haochen could not help but open his arms and gently put her into her arms.Although she was thin, she was very soft and very comfortable in her arms. When Long Haochen embraced her for the first time, she liked this feeling.The child's Qiaolian is even redder, but there is no rebellion and she is docile in his arms. The expressionless Qiaolian on weekdays also gradually revealed a faint sweetness.Although today’s incident caused both of them to hurt, they even upset the hunting demons. However, it also made them feel more important to each other.In order to capture the dragon's morning, Caier had twice defeated to complete his own man.It was due to the mistakes of Long Haochen that he vomited blood. It can be seen how important Long Yuchen’s status is in her mind.Long Haochen preferred her to give up such a heavenly treasure like the spirit stove for her, and was willing to give up being a member of the hunting demons. It is to ease the holy month's bad impression on him and he does not hesitate to self-harm.They embrace each other not only because they are physically tight, but their hearts are closer.It was not until the evening that Long Haochen brought her children back to her residence. Although after so many twists and turns, but ultimately solved the problem. This also made Long Haochen greatly relieved.Not separate from the child, this is a major prerequisite for everything. At this time, this issue has already been solved. Long Haochen now also begins to pay attention to tomorrow's election ceremony.Who will become a member of this hunting mob? He has already chosen two people, Lin Xin and Caier. There are still three people missing. They are pastors, fighters and summoners.In order to adopt a child to abandon the spirit furnace, Long Hao Chen did not regret it at all. In his heart, even ten or hundreds of spirit furnaces are inferior to his children.