The 45th chapter decisive battle Yang Wenzhao! (under)At the same time, a soft mask was released from the rostrum, which included the three dragons and the platform that had already reached the roulette.Han Yu replied: “As the top three players in this competition, you will form your own team first. However, everything must be done according to the rules. From now on, you must not engage in any form of contact with outsiders until the group is completed. ."In the heart of Long Haochen’s heart, he hurried: “The paladin grows up. Can I speak with a friend of mine? Just a word.”The Sanshui Lingdi of the Soul Sanctum sank, and said, “Have you not heard the Paladin's words? This is the rule of the Sanhedrin. How can you change because of you?”The Knights Templar won the top two and originally made the heads of the other temples somewhat depressed. At this time, they stood on the side of the rules and naturally would not give Long Haochen any accommodations.Long Haochen turned to look at Caier again. He was eager to tell her something with his eyes, but she could not see it! What is the use of even more if his eyes can express more?At the urging of the staff, Long Haochen had to board the roundtable with Yang Wenzhao and Manning.Han Yu looked at Long Haochen with some doubts, but at this time, he did not say much as the host. In accordance with the procedure, Chen Sheng said: "You three have won the final top three. Therefore, you each have a chance to directly choose one of your future partners in the hunting demon league. As long as the other person agrees, you can directly become your hunt. One of the demons. Long Haochen, you are the first person and you start from your choice."The mask emitted by the center of the platform isolates the sound of the outside world and the sound inside can be transmitted. But Long Haochen did not know this! Otherwise, even if it is a cry, he will certainly shout out the most important things in his heart.Long Haochen looked at Han Xuan in a daze and his face became paler than before. He looked at Han Fei and then took a look at Caier who was standing at the center of the first row outside. His body even wobbled slightly.Whether it was the six deputies or Yang Wenzhao and Muning who were standing beside him could not help but be puzzled. What is he hesitating? Does he have other choices than the girl?However, how is this possible? As long as it is discerning, who can not see. That girl just gave up two games for him. Otherwise, today's ranking may not be so.Everyone's eyes are watching Long Haochen. For him, it was all too fast, and it was almost too late for him to tell her what he was thinking.Outside the photomask, the child adopts to stand there quietly. She is also a bit sluggish. Hasn't she chosen it yet? Why he is not open yet. ? What is he waiting for?Li Xin was standing behind Caier at this time, and Lin Xin stood not far away. At this moment, their mood suddenly became tense.Li Xin understands Long Haochen very early. Although he is young, he has qualities that many adults cannot achieve. He is humble, honest, compassionate, heroic, fair, sacrificed, honorable, persistent, kind, and just. Knight's Top 10 The code can almost be seen in him.He, he will not really choose that guy who will not magic. If this is really the case, what should I do if we adopt it? My brother! You will be a bad person. Looking at the thin figure in front of him, Li Xin secretly prayed, and his hand was filled with sweat.Lin Xin's mood at this time is also very complicated. He has been watching all these days. When he was betting on Long Haochen, he imagined that five years later, he could realize his dream.However, he never expected that, in this competition, Long Hao Chen was actually defeated and won the final championship.In the two games of Chern’s acceptance, he naturally knew that it was even more obvious that they had a close relationship. At this time, Long Haochen will choose himself? If you change yourself, how would you choose?Lin Xin did not know that he could not give himself an answer to the chalky case. At this time, he also had some blankness in his mind and looked at the dragon's morning in the distant place.On one side, it is his closest friend and girlfriend, and is also the first person in the assassin temple, the youngest generation. The assassins who came to participate in the game were called the Queen of the Assassin.On the other hand, there will be no attacking magic. The first qualifying game is Lin Xin, who has succeeded with luck and strategy.On the one hand, he promised to guard him for a lifetime and was willing to give up all glorious girls for him.On the other side, it is the promise driven by interests.Lin Xin secretly asked himself: At this time, how will he decide?On the stage, the shadow was somewhat angry with the wind, and he was very dissatisfied with the choice of Choi's son today. Although this girl is not what he can, but she represents the glory of the Assassin Temple. For a boy, he gave up his glory. For others, shadows will be severely punished.However, the adoption of children to pay so much for him, he was hesitant at this time, he is still a man to play it?"What are you waiting for? Make your choice as soon as possible." The irritability of the shadow in the wind contained a bit of icy cold, and couldn't help lowering it.Long Haochen's heart startled and he woke up from his own state of mind and always faced reality. At this time, there is no room for buffer.Clenching his fists, he suddenly lifted his head and almost used his full energy. Shen Sheng said: "I chose Lin Xin at the Magic Temple."The stage was exclaimed, and the audience was stunned.At the same time, there were three people who exclaimed at the same time, the Knights of the Knights' Temple, Han Ling, the assassin of the Temple, the shadows of the Lord's shadow, and the head of the Magical Temple Demonstration Team Lin Chen.The other three deputies are equally surprised, but they can still control their emotions.“What did you say?” The shadows moved forward step by step, and they grabbed the dragon's holy grail. The powerful threat of terror was nearly raging like oppression to Long Haochen.Han Hao took a step forward and seized the shadow of the wind. "Don't be impulsive. In the morning, did you mean to be wrong? What happened?"St. Magi Lin Chen looked at him side by side. He never imagined that the future of the Knights' Temple. The choice made by the winner of this tournament would be his own grandson.Long Haochen's eyes flashed with a bit of bitterness. "I did not say anything wrong. I chose Lin Xin of the Magic Temple. He is also the top 60 of this tournament."When Long Haochen first spoke of Lin Xin's choice, the quietly standing body of Xieer who had been standing calmly under the swift rapture of a swift squat, his facial expression was momentarily sluggish, and the hand holding the bamboo stick also tightened. Suddenly, she only felt a blank in her mind, as if she suddenly lost her six senses.Am I mistaken? In that blank world, Chern tried to ask herself.However, how can I possibly hear his voice? My hearing is at least twice that of ordinary people.What he chose is Lin Xin? Lin Xin who will not attack magic. Lin Xin, who was in a group match with himself.Simple words, at this time in the hearts of children but extremely difficult to flow out.What about his promise? He said that he must guard me during his lifetime.However, his choice is not me.It was so cold that I suddenly felt so cold and sore. This cold and sore feeling came from. It seems to be ..., my heart.My heart hurts because he hurts. It was only black before my eyes, but it turned gray now."Caier, Caier. You listened to me. There was a reason for choosing Lin Xin in the early morning. You listened to me." Li Xin eagerly called her around. However, at this moment, the child is like losing his soul.She is still standing there silently, but it seems to have abandoned everything outside.At this time, the second sentence of Long Haochen was passed from the mask."I did not say anything wrong. I chose Lin Xin of the Magic Temple. He is also the top 60 of this tournament."Once again hearing his voice, Caier seemed to be awake. However, in the next moment, an outbreak of chill and coldness took her body as the center.Li Xin, who was closest to her, only felt that extreme coldness seemed to shatter his own soul, and his body fell back uncontrollably.Not only her, but other contestants around Caier’s side are also flying away.The green bamboo sticks in the child's hands were not in the ground until the end of the handle."Wow - a blood spouted from her mouth. Her body softly fell."Chaier." A stilted figure appears as if it is a space. One caught her soft Jiaoqu. It was the thin old man who was once in front of the Holy Mongolian Treasure House."Bastard. I blew you up." The horror of the black halo instantly skyrocketing, powerful to the ultimate power to make the entire trial room light dimmed a bit. The terrifying image of the world’s six elite temples was gloomy. The sharpest black knife awns will momentarily come over the reticle emitted by the platform.At this moment, all of a sudden, a golden beam descended from heaven. This golden light beam is more than thirty meters in diameter, and the black knife awning cuts into the golden light beam and turns into a black light that is silently annihilated."Yang Yuhan, you dare to stop me and I'll kill you first." The thin elders have to be seen in their fury. The fiercely murderous spirit is actually condensed in his back, a great length of ten meters wide and three meters long. The knife condenses behind him. It is hard to make the golden light beam that descends from the sky.Just then, in that golden light column, a huge throne that was nearly ten feet close to the dome was present in the golden beam of light and it was full.The innumerable gemstones are inlaid on the high backrest, which forms a dazzling shield in the center of the backrest. The thick, mellow atmosphere exudes the power of shock and protection. The slender old man's powerful killings can no longer move forward.