The Forty-seventh Chapter of Dragon's Hunting Demon (I)In the early morning, the golden sun of Chaoyang was sprinkled on the turmoil of the turmoil, bringing a touch of sacred brilliance to this most important human city.The knight's trial field is bustling again. Many of the contestants came early in the morning. "Some people familiar with each other are still talking about everything that happened yesterday. Whether it was Long Haochen's decisive battle with Yang Wenzhao," or the emotional entanglement that followed. They are the topic of discussion. Of course, the one most discussed is the one who was released by Yang Yuhan.The most proud of them are the contestants of the Knights Templar. It is a completely different feeling to see the throne and listen to others. The endless coercion of the Holy Seal of India and the Holy Seal of the Assassin's Temple as the 9th-ranked strongest man dared not act rashly. That is the real artifact!Long Haochen, Caier and Li Xin, the three came together. When they saw them entering the venue, the other contestants could not help but calm down.They looked at Long Haochen's gaze with a bit of admiration. Although young, this boy dared to challenge the rules of the league. Even dare to bump into the nine-step strong. This kind of courage is not for everyone. What makes them more eye-popping is that after doing this, he was fine?However, some people felt distressed at the dragon's head. What he gave up was the spirit furnace! Moreover, he is the champion and has the right to choose among the three spirits of the reward. This give up is even more regrettable.After a night's rest, Lin Xin seems to have adjusted his mind and took the initiative to welcome him.Long Haochen smiled a little and extended his right hand to him, saying: "Brother Lin, later we are a teammate.Lin Xin dumped his dark green hair and reached out and held out his hand and said: "Not only partners, but also brothers. ”With both hands, Long Haochen nodded to him.Li Xin met Lin Xin, but his face was still not very good.If it weren't for this guy, there wouldn't be so much trouble. Lin Xin that three bottles of immortality seemed to be very valuable. However, he eventually won back not only the team that joined Long Haochen, but also made Long Haochen spend the price of a spirit stove. His immortality was too valuable.Lin Xin also did not take it as an errand. "Thirty dragons were led to find a position in the front row by car.For a short time, the contestants have come together. The six main temples of the six major temples also slowly entered the stadium and once again boarded the platform for the selection of the people.Han Yu’s emotions seem to have completely returned to normal. The contestants facing the rest area reverberated: “Yesterday, the individual trials have all ended. Although there were some episodes in the end, overall, the current hunting The group selection and trials went smoothly and many outstanding young people emerged in various temples. We are very pleased with this. Next, before continuing the election ceremony, I would like to announce one thing.",The contestants naturally knew what he was going to announce. But one by one they still listened very seriously.Han Jun said: “In view of what happened yesterday and the request made by this year’s champion Long Haochen, we asked for the approval of the chief and deputy chief after deliberation. The final decision was to start with the current selection tournament for the League of Hunting Moors, and for each future event. Individuals in the first three games of the game can choose to give up the rewards and choose one more person to join their own hunting genius. However, of the two individuals selected, one cannot be in the top sixteen."As soon as this remark was made, the rest area suddenly remembered a piece of argument. Long Haochen even vaguely heard some female contestants saying: "If anyone wants to give up my soul furnace for my son, I will marry him."Turned to look at the change of a clean veil of the child," Long Hao Chen smiled slightly, and the children than the mining, the spirit furnace and what is it?Han Tong said: "If everyone has no objection, then our selection ceremony will begin again. Long Haochen, Yang Wenzhao, and Munning will be on stage. The other contestants will be guided by the staff."Long Haochen stood up and "walked out. Yang Wenzhao and Manning went through last night's healing. Today, they look better physically. Three people boarded the platform together." They came to Han Yu and other six major temples. Before the Lord.After Han Sang's eyes swept from three people, he finally stayed on Long Haochen's body."Long Haochen, I once again asked you once. Do you still insist on the two choices of yesterday and give up the rewards of the spirit stove?"Long Yao Wu nodded without hesitation: "Yes, my choice is still Caier and Lin Xin."Han Hao nodded his head and said: "Good. Caier, Lin Xin out. Can you be willing to become a member of Long Haochen's team? ""I am willing to." Lin Xin and Caier answered almost in unison.Under the guidance of the staff, Caier and Lin Xin were brought to the platform and they stood in the first row.Han Yong turned to Yang Wenzhao. "Yang Wenzhao, the second person in the individual game, you can also choose."Yang Wenzhao's eyes cast on the following contestants and his eyes finally settled on a smaller figure. He said without hesitation: “The partner I chose was Chen Yinger, the soul temple.”Suddenly, one after another sounded below. Even the deputy masters are all showing a bit of doubt, and only Han Guo’s eyes flash through.Many people are wondering what the two guys in the Knights Templar are. Who is Chen Yinger? At least not one of the top sixteen. With such a precious opportunity for selection, the star-unicorn unicorn knight chose a 16-man opener. Listening to the name is also a girl. Is the Knights Templar exclusive?Han Ye looks at Chen Yinger, who is petite. "Chen Yinger, you are willing to be a member of Yang Wenzhao's team?",Chen Yinger looked at Yang Wenzhao on the stage and suddenly stopped walking. He shouted in some tapering voice: "I don't want to."The faces of the six main temples of the temple have become extremely exciting. Are these children specifically looking for something? Among them, the most ugly face is Sanshui, which does not say anything.Han Hong's face sank slightly and said: "Chen Yinger, are you sure?"Chen Yinger did not hesitate to say: "I'm sure whoever wants to be with him a hunting demon."Many female contestants looked at him with jealousy and puzzled looks. In this competition, although Long Haochen won the final championship, Yang Wenzhao is the most attractive woman player.First of all, at an early age, Long Haochen was excellent and even more handsome, but he looked too small after all. For those who were in their twenties, it was impossible to have any ideas. The second reason is naturally because of the relationship between him and Chern.People then Lang likes, like glue like Tao. Where else can others?However, Yang Wenzhao is not the same, not only suitable for age, but also, he is powerful, but also has such a beautiful mount star shine unicorn. It can be said that it is the ideal partner choice in the hearts of most female contestants. At this time, Yang Wenzhao chose Chen Yinger. This is obviously not because of strength.Han Hong turned to Yang Wenzhao and said: "Chen Yinger is not willing to join your team. You can choose again."Yang Wenzhao's look is really depressing. You are awkward! However, what can Chen Yinger not do with him? Even if he wanted to make a difference like Long Haochen, he must also be interested in him.The heart sighed, and hesitated for a moment. "Yang Wenzhao said:" I choose the magical temple Huang Yi. ”Han Hao nodded and said: "Huang Yi, you are willing to become a member of Yang Wenzhao team?"Standing in the front row, Huang Yi replied without hesitation: "I'm willing." Although Yang Wenzhao is a disciplinary knight, he is not a guardian knight. However, everyone's strength is very clear. Huang Yi, who is a soil magician, is particularly good at defending. “In cooperation with him, nature is a complement. How can he not be willing?Han Yu's eyes finally fell on Munin. "What is your choice?"Muning is almost blurt out and said: "I chose the knight's sanctuary and was willing to give him the position of the chief."This choice was planned as early as yesterday. In front of him, Long Haochen and Yang Wenzhao are both knights, naturally can no longer choose the knight to join their own team. If you say who is the best luck in this tournament, then there is no doubt that he will be elected.The strength of decisive memory is not inferior to Long Haochen and Yang Wenzhao. They have powerful strength and are guardian knights. They have the mount Golden Horn Mammoth. Being able to be with him is obviously the best choice. Therefore, in order to win the agreement of memory, Munin even directly gave up the position of head of delegation. In terms of strength, he asks himself better than a broken memory, and his third name is what he calls. It all means to pave the way for everything in the hunt group.For this clever choice, Han Ye can not help but slightly jaw first look to the following row of the first memory, said: "Remember, you are willing?"Lost memories look to Muning, Muning is also looking to him, his eyes full of sincerity."I'm willing to." Although not in the top three, it was also a glory to be selected. What's more, the other side gave up the leader's position.In addition to receiving the rewards from the furnace, the biggest benefit is to take the lead in organizing the first three individual tournaments. Of course, luck will also occupy certain components.A direct selection ceremony was completed. Next, the roulette should be played. The audience was quiet, but each contestant's eyes showed the color of excitement and anticipation.Everyone hopes to be able to enter the top three teams of individual teams. The stronger the team members are, the higher the security when completing tasks. The most attention was given to Long Haochen, followed by the third team where Dunyi and Munin are located, and finally Yang Wenzhao.