The Forty-Seventh Chapter of Long Haochen's Hunting Demon (Part 2)After the announcement, Han Chu himself had this feeling of wanting to laugh. This hunting demon group is probably the most wonderful team in the history of the hunting demons.Do not know if it is a disciplinary or guardian knight's head, the blind assassin can not be regarded, these two are still reliable. Of the remaining four, it's definitely not a match one. Defenders who don't defend the shield, magicians who don't attack, pastors who won't be treated, plus a summoner who doesn't even know what will be summoned. One by one is a wonderful work of wonderful things.It can be said that these six wonderful things are almost always the first place in the major sanctuaries this year, either in the preliminary round or the final round. No one knows what kind of spark this combo will collide with, but anyway, this hunting genre is now considered to be a combination.Long Haochen walked down and stood with his own team members. His mood at this time was a bit weird, but he did not complain. In any case, at least myself and Caier can be together. As for the defects in the team, think of ways to make up for it."Yang Wenzhao, start your team's selection ceremony. From now on, your hunting group is tentatively named the No. 2 hunting demon group."“Ah?” Yang Wenzhao’s eyes were still on Chen Yinger’s body. Seeing that he was picked up by Long Haochen in the morning, Yang Xuezhao’s heart could not help but feel depressed. Hearing Han’s words, he was sober.At the selection ceremony for his No. 2 hunting demon squad, his luck was even stronger than that of Long Haochen. At least the selected players were relatively normal. At the time of the last selection of the summoner, he chose the position. Into the top eight, summon the Liao Yu, the fifth-order summoner in the real sense of the temple. This made Yang Wenzhao feel a lot better. Huang Yi and Liao Yu’s strength are quite good and they rank among the best in their respective temples.On the 3rd hunting team Mourin's selection, it seems that he had exhausted his luck before. Among the four members selected, only the summoner entered the first 16, which is named Fang Zhu. Once faced with Caier summon summons a giant bear summoner, but only fourth-order repairs.The first three hunting missions have been organized. The next step is to repeat the remaining participants.What is surprising is the No. 4 hunt group.In accordance with the order, the first selection of the fourth hunting corps was the Cavaliers. It is Li Xin. Next, Li Xin's luck can be used to describe it. The soldier he selected was the fifth-order soldier who had entered the top eight and was defeated by Munin. The overall strength may be second only to Wang Yuanyuan in the warrior temple.Assassin, walk into one of the top sixteen. For the magician, a rare space magician was selected. There are also fourth-order peak strengths. The priest even chose the last summoner of the fifth-order bishop-grade Damu, the only one of the priests who participated in the entire temple, to be able to overcome Yang Wenzhao’s troubles and ultimately win over the sun’s fire. The plant department summoned Bai Xiaomo.The team where Li Xin is based may not have the strongest individual strength, but it is the most average. Especially pastors and summoners. A powerful priest can guarantee the team's continued combat effectiveness, and Bai Xiaomo, a plant summoner who is good at controlling the situation, makes up for the fact that Li Xin has a poor defense ability as a disciplinary cavalier.The candidate for the No. 4 hunter-demolition team eventually fell unscathed to the priest who was the only fifth-order strongman.As the roulette wheel continued to rotate, a team of hunting devils was established. The entire group selection ceremony took a full one-morning before it was finally completed, forming a hunting mission from No. 1 to No. 10.Looking at the members of the hunting demons who stood below in the ten columns, Han said: “From now on, you have officially become a part of the hunting team. You are the most important partner among you and you can put your own back. Reliant partners, in the history of the alliance, there have been countless hunting genies standing on the top of glory, hoping that one day you will become one of them too.Remember, never complain about teammates.Today, maybe you guys The final ranking is not high, but in the near future, it may be the strongest."“From now on, all the rest days will take place. At the same time, the heads of the various hunting missions will take your team members to complete the registration of the hunting mission mission tower in the next three days to get your number of the hunting demon team. Three days later, they will enter. The first sixteen players chose the secret technique in the early morning to the Holy Alliance Treasure House, and nine to sixteen could choose one to eight techniques to choose from two kinds of secret skills.The top three can get a spirit stove in addition to Long Haochen. The temple is rewarded. ”Dissolution of the two words, all participants have a feeling of relief.it is finally over. From the initial preliminaries to the later group matches, to the finals has been nearly a month. The more powerful people, the more competitions they experience. Now that the trials have finally come to an end, the participants who entered the top 60 have finally had their own team and they are finally able to relax. As for how the next team games will be conducted, they are not clear and they don’t need to think about anything more. Let's relax and rest for a few days."Head of the team, we are able to form a hunting deed is also fate, today I do East, please eat a good meal." Lin really very happy to say.Long Haochen smiled and said: "You don't call any head of the group. Call me my name. What do you mean?"Sima Xian told Lin Xin and said: "I have no opinion, but I have a lot of food."Lin smiled and said: "It must be enough for you to eat."Wang Yuanyuan said, "I don't have any opinion either. If someone treats you, don't eat it."Chen Yinger smiled and said, "Yes."Caier naturally would not say anything more than just gently nodded, and she was a little gentle with Long Xiaochen's holding a small hand, but she had seen her reign in the presence of these few people, but nobody dared to. Look at her. Long Haochen was young after all. Although she won the final championship, she may still have some deterrent. However, if we add another child, in the younger generation, absolutely no one will be unconvinced.Not only their hunting demon group is like this, this time is exactly the lunch time, other members of the hunting demon group also need to be familiar with each other, almost all chose to have a dinner together to be familiar with each other.Lin Xin led the crowd out of the knight's trial field, turned right, and entered the order of less than a hundred meters after entering a street, and went to a large hotel with a five-storey building.The hotel is magnificent and beautiful. There are eight cool girls in the front of the house who are responsible for the welcome. The eyes of Sima Xian are somewhat straightened.Lin Xin was obviously not the first time to come here. A young girl at the gate led the crowds into the hotel, and she went to the third floor of a spacious private room facing the street. Each waiter confessed a few words.Sitting around a table, in addition to the children, six people have some big eyes and small eyes. Although I have seen each other, I can't say how familiar I am.Lin Xin got up and smiled and said: "Well, we will be a team. How will we introduce ourselves? The main thing is to introduce one's own ability. Afterwards, the head of the team will be deployed. I will come first. My name is Lin. The race, which is 19 years old, stands 1.8 meters tall and weighs 69 kilograms."Cut, say something good or not." Chen Yier rolled his eyes. "Are you going to get married?"Lin Xin was not annoyed and said: "Well, let's say it's practical. I'm a fifth-grade secondary wizard, good at magical control and magical defense. I'm still a potion master, capable of refining all kinds of Dan. Apart from saying nothing else, I am confident that within three months, I will use the potency I have refined to help any one of you who has not yet reached the fifth level to break through the fifth."Of the six people, there were two who did not break through the fifth rank. The violent pastor Sima Xian and the unreliable Luo Lì summoned Chen Yinger. The two men suddenly opened their eyes when they heard him. Wang Yuan is also looking at different colors. The price of immortality is very clear to them. Especially the potency medicine that can be used for cultivation. Naturally, they do not think this seems to be a magician who is not low but who can not attack but is still a potion master.In this way, he seems to have a role in the team.Long Haochen said: “I can prove it to Lin Xiong. When he gave me some immortality, I was able to break through the fifth order with the help of one of the drugs I named myself as a panacea. of."Lin Chu said frankly: "I will not attack magic, but I will do something useful for us to do as much as possible. During the fight, I can carry out defenses and at the same time provide all kinds of immortality."As a magician, he will not attack. What he is most worried about is that he is not accepted by the crowd. In that case, even if he joins the hunting demons, he will not be able to integrate them.Sima Xian smiled and said: "It's no wonder that when you guys played against me, they always shouted that he had medicine. It turned out to be a medicine. As long as it wasn't a counterfeit medicine."Lin Chu had no good manners: "You can't do much more than I can. I can't attack. Why can you do the priest's treatment? Afterwards, this is probably a big problem for our team. I'm going to make a lot more. It's okay to have medicine."Sima Xian smirked and said: "Well, my eldest brother does not say that my brother, we in this team, in addition to the head of the team and the child girl, who is really reliable?"Wang Yuanyuan's eyebrows fell. "Who said that you don't fly? This girl is a strong warrior."Sima Xian grunted and said, “I’ve heard about it before. You shielded the shield warrior and you wouldn’t be able to defend it. Where can you pass it? As for Sakura’s name, it’s even more impressive. The summoning teacher has wood?"Chen Yinger did not use his fingers to manipulate his fingers and said: “Now, not counting does not mean that you will not play in the future. It is also your man’s business to kill and kill anyway. I’ll shout for you.”