Chapter 46 This is the hug you owe me (center)Formally under this heavy coincidence, leading him to fail to share with children beforehand. After Lin Xin was selected, he was captured by the wind and could not tell his plan to abandon the spirit furnace as quickly as possible.Convergence of gold, the guardian and compassion god of the Indian seal quietly withdraws, Yang Yuhan turns around, looks at the dragon on the platform morning, the angry roar sounds, the right hand raises, the palm prints on the mask released on the platform. Suddenly, the entire trial field shook violently and the mask disappeared."Yes, here today is another team for the mountain tomorrow. All the contestants go back and rest. The main halls of the temple are left. Long Haochen stays."Hearing the voice of Yang Yuhan, Long Haochen turned his head and his eyes did not even match with Yang Yuhan. He fell directly on the set."Gaier." Looking at the surprisingly pale face of her exposed face, Long Haochen only felt as if his heart had been smashed into a sword. Can not attend to these great people present, flying also toward Caier."Go away." Holy Moon yelled and waved. An overwhelming force crashed into Long Haochen's body. Suddenly, he bombarded him and flew back at a faster speed than before.This time, Yang Yuhan did not block. In any case, Long Hao Chen hurt the hearts of other girls. At this time, the old man of the Holy Moon is not allowed to vent his breath. I am afraid that he will not stop. Moreover, he has just told the bright son of the Sun Moon Dragon Morning Constitution. He believes that the Holy Moon's shot will be measured.At this moment, a red fire glowed like a cushion and flew out of the side. The control of the red light group is extremely wonderful, and the soft ones will be able to dispel the impact of Long Haochen's body and support his body's steady fall before the round platform."You are not a stranger, please. Don't blame him. It's all because of me."With a flowing dark green color that is now in everyone’s sight, Lin Xin swiftly walks between Long Haochen and the Holy Moon.At this time, he looked a bit less glamorous than past glory. "The whole person seemed very condensate.In the face of the Holy Moon, he slowly stumbles. "Master, if you want to punish," punish me. On that day, before Long Haochen came to the Holy City, I met him at Amy City. It was my deception. He made a promise."In the eyes of the Holy Moon, a flash of light flashed. "You said."Lin Chen, the saint Magister, saw Lin Xin ran over and immediately shocked. However, he did not step forward to stop the grandson. This incident has already involved two nine-stage strong players and even if they are in his capacity, they are not qualified to intervene.Lin Xinyi was there and said: "On that day, in the city of Le Meridien, I exchanged three bottles of immortality. In exchange for Long Haochen, if I could win the top three in any future Hunting Monster Trials, I would choose me. As his partner's promise, but in exchange for his promise, I concealed the fact that I would not attack magic, but he should have known this situation already, but he still did not hesitate after winning the final of the trial. In keeping with my promises, I chose me, and I think that you also hope that your great-great-grandchild will be a person who keeps her promises. It's all bad for me, I deceive him. I'm willing to take responsibility for today. I'm going to tear The original promise didn't need to join his team anymore, and she gave the quota to the girl.Holy shouting roared, "Is it necessary for you to pick a child and a team?"Long Haochen had walked to Lin Xin at this time and stumbled. The Holy Moon alone was the identity of Caier Zengzu, and he deserved him.In the eyes, there was a straightforward look. "Sounds:" "The heroes of the Xia, I have nothing wrong with this rule. "I was wrong" is to let Caier sad. However, you did not interfere with my choice of power, not to punish Lin Xin. Yes, Lin Xin came to me and concealed the fact that he would not attack magic. However, he gave it to me. The three bottles of a total of thirty four kinds of immortality.How could he be so generous if it weren’t for something? Since I have chosen to accept these drugs, I have chosen to accept that uncertainty.So even if I let me choose again, I still will choose him. For the sake of adopting children, I can pay for my life, but the commitment I have made will definitely be met. ”At the same time, Lin Xin, who had been pulled by Long Haochen in the morning, even stood up.Although Yang Yuhan had left the contestants away, when Lin Xin came forward, these people stopped unconsciously.Long Haochen's remarks just now said that in the face of the Holy Moon, there was no retreat.Not to mention the young people who participated in the competition, even the six deputy temples of the six major temples each sucked a cool air.This kid dared to hit the holy month of the Templar Union, the worst temper in the temple. And it was still in front of so many people. The horrible temper of the Holy Moon, which is famous in the entire league, is probably the next big thing.The Holy Moon looked at Long Haochen, but it looked a bit dazed. It is not known that no one had topped him in this way, especially if he was against a younger generation.Yang Yuhan had moved subconsciously to Long Haochen’s side. Although he felt very depressed about what he was doing, Long Haochen was not only the son of light, but also the owner of the Throne of the Last Days and the Killing God, and the Knights’ Temple. The God of trials printed the only child of Knight Long Xingyu! If the impulse of the Holy Moon is to launch an attack, he must guard Long Haochen anyway. What's more, in his deep heart, he also felt that Long Haochen did not say anything wrong."Shut up." Caier suddenly squeaked, physique flash, "I rushed toward the Long Hao morning, his right hand more than a dark golden dagger, went straight to the Long Hao morning when the chest to.She knew too much about her own ancestors' temper, and she was really afraid of her ancestors. Even if there is a defensive and co-ordinated miracle of the Indian gods and the Temple Alliance consortium leader Yang Yuhan, as long as Zeng Zu was really caught up in the morning, how could he allow himself to be with him?Everything she had just happened, she had been listening quietly. She understood that this was a misunderstanding. In her mind, she even blamed Long Haochen for not even half a minute, even though she was still in distress before that moment. She just secretly blame herself, why can not trust him, waiting for him to give an explanation. If he did not vomit blood, how could Zengzu come and destroy the rules of the trial?She took the initiative to launch an attack. His ancestors were naturally unnerved and had everything to do. After the cultivation of the dragon's dragon, he resisted him a few times and he beat him a few times. Perhaps Zengzu had dispelled it.However, what makes Caier unexpected is that in the face of her attack, Long Haochen stood there and simply turned his wrists upside down “to unleash the Holy Spirit of his upper body.The dark golden dagger suddenly stopped a meter away from Long Haochen's chest. Caier's voice shook with a slight shiver. "You, how can you hide?"Long Haochen looked at Cai's pale Qiaolian, raised her hand, and gently pulled her veil. He immediately saw the red serum remaining on the veil. At that moment, he only felt that his heart was tightened at once. It was like being forced by a powerful hand.Long Haochen said softly: "I believe in the promise. Nothing wrong. I haven't violated the rules of the game. But I owe you an explanation. Let you be sad and I'm wrong. If you're wrong, you'll be punished."A white light, without warning, emerged from the dragon's chest at the front of the chest and instantly hit the right hand of the dark golden dagger.St. Induction evolved skills, traction.So close, so suddenly. Even the nine-ranked strongman did not stop him.The dark gold dagger in the child's hand was momentarily slammed into the right chest of Long Haochen's right chest under the strong traction and pull until the end of the handle. The tip of the sword stood out from behind Long Haochen, and the blood immediately stained his chest and back.However, Long Haochen did not feel like this thorny, and opened his arms, put the child into his arms, softly: "This is the hug you owe me.""Zhai Chen" adopts a grieving cry, and tries to pull out his own dagger, but it is caught by Long Haochen tightly and says nothing.The horror on the face of the Santa Crooked Man became a surprise, muttering to himself: "A bloody sword is not a loss."Yang Yanhan frowned and looked at him.The Holy Moon has no good manners: "Look at what I do, you are the ally, how are you going to deal with it? I went back to bed. These children's things can't be managed.",Yang Xiaohan slightly surprised, wrinkled brow gradually stretched over.However, the lips of the Holy Moon moved a bit and seemed to say something to him. The defensive and co-ordinated knight's face was suddenly dark.The black light flashed and stepped out. The Saint Moon Warriors disappeared.Yang Yuhan's mouth twitched. The words of the Holy Moon still echoed in his ear. "This kid is good, and my temper is pretty upright, much stronger than your slick old fritters.",Long Haochen may have never expected that his top hit was recognized by the Holy Moon. Of course, the sword he inherited also adopted the Holy Moon. The son of light is always worthy of his great-grandson who is a reincarnation of the saint."In the early morning, let me go," said the child, anxiously yelling in the arms of Long Haochen. But penetrating injury! How could she not be clear about her own weapons? There were even special effects on the daggers that could absorb vitality.Long Hao Chen looked forward to her soft body, although his face gradually became pale, but watching the Holy Month's then left, and his eyes gradually showed some relief."I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm not good at all. Are you willing to forgive me?" Long Haochen put her face in her hair bun, and the two of them grinned and smelled the faint fragrance from her body. He couldn't feel it. The hurt was like.