Chapter 52 My Fool (Part Two)When Long Haochen and Caier were present in front of their partners, everyone including Gao Yingjie looked a little different.Cherrie couldn't see it, but she also felt a slight change in the atmosphere, but she was wearing black yarn and people couldn't see the expression on her face.The other nine new hunting demons also ate in the restaurant, and they would continue on the road later.Lin Xin conspired to Long Haochen's ear and whispered: "The leader of the line is really a young hero."Long Haochen had some puzzled way: "What happened?"Lin Xin Yan smiled and said: "Last night, the team leader went to your room to find you, but no one could find someone. It looks like you haven't returned to the room one night. To temperate, you have to control it."Long Haochen realized that the strangeness on the faces of his partners was because of what was happening. She suddenly felt a little ashamed. “Eating and eating quickly.” As he said, he first gave Caier a bowl of porridge and took some food. Eat it up.Although Sima Xian's eyes are not so insignificant as Lin Xin, watching Long Haochen is strange, and he quietly put up a thumbs up to him.Long Hao Chen headed down to eat, completely did not see.When they finished eating the breakfast and boarded the carriage again, Gao Yingjie seemed to have inadvertently said that after passing by Long Haochen, “The development is a bit faster!”Long Haochen's mouth touched a sentence, but in the end did not explain what the people like. He can't always say that I actually did nothing. In fact, this morning, when Cher was awake from his sleep, he felt that he had nothing to cover and quietly opened the quilt and covered him. In the morning, Long Haochen had no restraint that was infinitely strengthened due to his moving last night. He was holding the warm and tender hair of the child in the bed, which really tested his strong will.There was a ghost in his heart and he was ridiculed by his companions. He could only recognize it.But instead of adopting children, she was not so shy. Her shyness and her heart were only revealed to his fools. In the eyes of others, she is still the first young assassin of that cold young generation. In the next ten days, almost all the members of the ten new hunting demons spent their time on the carriage. Xiao Xie overnight stays, went straight to the eastern frontier of the Union.Gao Yingjie, like what he said, will use his time to pass on his experience to Long Haochen every day. Although he said to Long Haochen, other people naturally can hear it. In the past ten days, everyone has had a sense of benefit.At the same time, with the help of Lin Xin Ju Ling Dan, Sima Xian and Chen Yinger’s inner spirituality progressed rapidly. Of course, Shi Xiaoxue has no treatment for this. After all, she is not a member of the hunting demons. The cost of making an imam is quite expensive.During this period of time, the team also established the position of everyone. Long Haochen was the head of the team and the actual combatant of Caier was the deputy head of the team. Lin Xin is responsible for all financial matters of the team. Similarly, Sima Xian and Wang Yuanyuan, who were equally aggressive, were all responsible for fighting. Chen Yinger naturally no matter what. Exorcism City, the frontier town of the Temple Alliance. This is a nearly fortress-like city, located between the two mountains of the middle of the Cretaceous Mountains in the Demon Mountains. The terrain is difficult and easy to defend.The Exorcist City is also known as the Exorcism Gate. It can be said that it is the gate of the Enchanted Mountains, which is the milestone of the Eastern Alliance of the Temple Alliance. In the exorcist city, it is a basin in the Enchanted Mountains, and in the rear is a large area of ​​plains. In other words, once the exorcism is broken, then the Mozu army can drive straight.Therefore, "The Temple Alliance has a large number of soldiers stationed here. At the same time, the main hall of the Assassins' Temple, one of the six major temples, is also located here. Here, too, was the place where Cheriel grew up. Just at noon today, ten cars came from The carriages of the Holy City entered the city of Exorcist, and ten newly recruited demon ensembles that had just been formed in the Holy City stayed in the ruling hall of the exorcist city in the eastern part under the arrangement of the Assassin Temple.After supper, all ten groups of newly recruited demon bats that had been rested for an afternoon were rallied under the leadership of their respective leaders in the General Assembly Hall. They have already reached the destination of this mission.Ten hunters sat in ten rows. The heads of each group were sitting at the front. Long Haochen was in the first row. Yang Wenzhao was sitting beside him.Yang Wenzhao looked back from time to time to see Chen Yinger, who was sitting behind the rank-1 hunting demons. Chen Yinger did not look at him and he looked at him from time to time.Long Haochen headed for Li Xin, who was separated by two rows. Li Xin was the deputy head of the No. 4 hunting demon group and also had a very high status in the team.Ten leaders of the hunters are sitting on the main chalk table, but the Central Ladiya has vacated two positions. Obviously there are still people coming.The footsteps sounded, and the people subconsciously looked back towards the door and saw that a man and a woman went into the large conference hall under the protection of several full-armored soldiers.Both of them looked like they were about 30 years old. The men were dressed in black uniforms, gold lines, and majestic in their majesty. He is tall, looks handsome, and has a deep purple short hair and is very spiritual. The dawn shines with a touch of coldness and pride. His eyes are sharp and sharp. As soon as he enters the large conference hall, he suddenly brings an irritating atmosphere to this huge hall. The woman who is with him is a water-blue magic robe. It seems that there is a strong water element around the body. She looks younger than the men around her, light blue hair, eye-catching, stunning. A pair of eyeballs showing a lovely color swept through the crowd and seemed to be searching for something.Seeing this pair of men and women, Long Haochen couldn't help but slightest glimpse. I didn't know why. In his heart, he even had a somewhat familiar feeling.Soon, the two men came to the main chalk table. Ten of the Knights Templar leaders had already stood up and waited. Gao Yingjie took the initiative and greeted the people."Big Brother." The man's voice seemed to be agitated. He came forward and Gao Yingjie came to a big hug. The woman walks towards Gao Yingjie's smiling leader and then stands aside.Hearing the voice of the man, Seijin Jiaoqu, who was sitting behind Long Haochen, gave a slight start, but it quickly returned to normal and the hair was still cold.Gao Yingjie turned to the young people of Taiwan’s hunting demon group. “I’ll give you a brief introduction. This is the spiritual master of the Exorcist City. He is also the Vice Marshal of the Grand Warlords and the youngest king of the Holy League’s stab assassins. ."King Thorn? That's the seventh-order assassin. How does this holy governor look like he is only 30 years old? Is there such a young 7th-order powerhouse? For a time, the favored people of the heavens selected by the following six temples could not help expressing their admiration.The Holy Spirit smiled a little and said: “Big brother praised me. I’m 37 years old this year and I’m not young. You guys are the real young talents. I hope this time in the Imperial Military District and I’m driving exorcism. City, you can show your skills."Gao Yingjie turned to the woman. At that time, the woman's eyes fell on the crowd. Her eyes changed slightly, sadness, thoughts, and other things."This is the head of the Exorcist Magic City, and the magical temple exorcise the main hall."When the Holy Spirit touched lightly the blue research rain with some sluggish eyes, she only reacted and nodded to the audience. However, she did not say anything, and the direction she looked at remained unchanged.This strange dragon was found early in the morning, because the blue research rain looked at the spot exactly on his side. She was looking at Caier?The Holy Spirit and Lan Yanyu sat down at the main chalk stand in Taichung, China. The Holy Spirit sank: “Welcome to the Exorcist City. First of all, let me introduce you to the conditions of the current Imperial Warlord and the Exorcist City, and then Give you arrangements for your trip. I hope that when you leave here, you will be able to return to your merits.""The area under the jurisdiction of the Imperial Warrior includes the entire range of the Demon Mountains. From the north to the south, the Demon Mountains stretch for 1,654 kilometers, and the mountains and valleys are undulating. The vast majority of them are steep, steep and easy to defend. It is our sanctuary. The natural barrier of the eastern border of the Dian League. Our ancestors used the Devil Mountain as their natural protection six thousand years ago. They attacked the demon outside the country and thus stabilized the alliance, and they have us today.""Currently, the Imperial Military Command is mainly managed and commanded by our assassin sanctuary and supported by the other five major temples. There are more than 20,000 garrisons. The most important portal of the Enchanted Mountains is the garrison of the exorcist city where everyone is now. 80,000. The assassin sanctuary is a determination to dedicate itself to fighting against the enemy. The headquarters of the temple was deliberately set here. During the six thousand years of the dark era, the Imperial Warlord and the Exorcist City have experienced the impact of the Mozu tens of thousands of times, but they have always stood tall. Does not fall. Here, the blood and tears of countless ancestors have been left behind, but the infamous life of countless Mozu aggressors has also been left behind. ”Listening to the Holy Spirit, the assassins of the ten new hunting mobs in addition to adopting children clearly reveal the colors of excitement and pride. The exorcist city itself is a holy place for assassins. Being able to come to the battle here is a great glory to them.“The Mozu’s Qiu Li’s offensive has already begun. The soldiers of the six major temples will swear against each other. You will be organized into ten infantry battalions, starting from the most common infantry fighter and fighting with ordinary fighters. You will not have any privilege in the army, and bravely fighting the enemy will not only give you merit but will also be the only way to upgrade your military. The team with higher merit will gradually take over me to a more important task. In the month, to what extent you can do it depends on your own efforts. The degree of self-challenge in this trial is so high. To what extent it can be achieved depends on your own efforts. You must remember that Once any of your team members have died, the hunting team will automatically disband and the team’s meritorious tokens will be fully recovered.On the battlefield, the individual's strength will always be small, and teamwork is your must-see. the road."