Chapter 50 Mithril Base (2)Even the silver magical barrier formed by the Miyoshi Friendship Fighting Fight also blocks the traction ability of the Holy Spirit Stove. Gao Yingjie's face hidden in the helmet can not help but slightly change. In his opinion, Long Haochen who had been positively attacked by his own bright sacred fire should have lost combat effectiveness. How could he still inspire the Holy Spirit?Does Long Haochen really lose combat effectiveness? Do not! As the partners successively issued the strongest attacks, Long Haochen also experienced dramatic changes. His whole person seemed to be transparent, golden and transparent. The eye-catching golden flame is brilliance in his golden eyes.If you have to evaluate his current state, then, in the eyes of others, he is like Gao Yingjie just now. Gao Yingjie, who is the radiant body of the caster and burns the sacred flame.The vastness of the light properties Ling Li Peng Li out, far beyond his normal state of strength. A golden glow radiates a fantasy glossy epee to replace the Holy Shield. At the same time that the Holy Spirit inspires, Long Hao's morning explosion shouted, and he even launched a charge toward Gao Yingjie, who was wearing Miyan's pedestal trenches.Long Haochen certainly knew that he could not be Gao Yingjie’s opponent anyway. It is also not clear what happened to oneself or what might suddenly increase in strength. However, he can feel that the child is not right at this time. Chern is the love he has to protect. How can he allow him to face such a powerful Gao Yingjie face to face? Faced with a strong enemy, it was blocked in the front. This is what he should do as a knight and a man.Therefore, even if he knew that he was like a banyan tree, he still sent out the Holy Spirit again and replaced it with blue rain and Hibiscus rushed to the opponent.Everyone can be shocked by Miriam's pedestal, but he is not the head of the team and he is the core of the team. He will use his actions to arouse the courage of his partners.The Blue Rain and the Hibiscus of Light with a wisp of sleek front fingertips, a misty glow of gold and blue light, the epee in the hands of Long Haochen disappeared, and the golden and blue ambiguities were clear. Just like the two light strips are momentarily inspired, the two streamers are entangled with each other in the air and point to Gao Yingjie. It was at this moment that the bright flame ignited in the dragon's morning was instantly extinguished, and the body's sense of transparency disappeared. The whole person stepped forward one step away. He stood by the Holy Spirit.At the same time, Geer who was still standing still moved, and a black light seems to have emerged from the top of her head. The gray air flow around his body instantly became black. There has been an amazing change, and Gao Yingjie, who is already wearing Miyan's pedestal trenches, has seen signs of collapsing silver in front of him. Gao Yingjie only feels an instant of razor-sharp suffocation on himself. Before the burst, even the Mithril base tactics seemed to have some resistance to the terrifying murderousness.This is not a substantial offense, but murderous! How could this girl have such terrible murderousness?Gao Yingjie stunned and then retreated half a step. At this time, he had already fallen into extreme passiveness. The existence of the Holy Spirit had prevented him from launching an attack on Caier, and he must first resolve Long Haochen. However, the Holy Spirit can not confuse his heart, and the threat posed by him is so terrifying that he did not even dare to turn back to deal with the strange rains of blue rain and hibiscus of light."The child stopped her hand." A cold, clear drink rang.The light that had just risen from the head of Caier didn't even make it clear to other people, and she was re-invisible to her head. Gao Yingjie suddenly felt a light body behind him. There was a fine cold sweat behind him. He didn't know what kind of ability Xei had used, but he was absolutely certain that if that strike comes, it will not be easy for him to resist.However, this time, Long Haochen’s attack fell from behind on Gao Yingjie.The blue and gold lights hovering together condensed in the rapid rotation into the shape of a pointed cone. It was through the viscous silver light from the Miyan pedestal trenches. Back.With a loud cry, Gao Yingjie flew forward and the destructive power of terror broke out.With one-handed support and wings behind, Gao Yingjie managed to stabilize his body after a one-handed turn. However, the upper body was slightly flashing, wow, and blew a blood. It can be clearly seen that there is an extremely deep trap in the back of his Mithril base tactics, apparently hurting his body. Around the depression, all are fine holes like needles.The water is pervasive, and the light penetrates awe-inspiringly. This is the skill of the Blue Rain and Light Hibiscus.Originally, this skill was originally prepared by Long Haochen for Yang Wenzhao's fight for the championship. But in the end Yang Wenzhao failed to withstand his strong warfare, and he lost before he used the blow.As for the light rain hibiscus thorn, Long Haochen himself did not study thoroughly, because with his repair as want to issue this blow still has this difficulty. The strength of the cultivation and the output of the spiritual power also determine the power of this strike. Long Haochen had just experienced a sharp increase in spiritual power. Although he did not understand what was going on, he injected all of these exotic spiritual powers into the blue rain and the Hibiscus of Light and inspired this skill. This is what he currently possesses. Strong attack skills.Even Lian Long Yu Chen did not expect that the power of light rain and thorns was so large that even Gao Yingjie who was wearing a Miyan pedestal trench was injured.The two gold and blue streamers rewind and fall back into the hands of Long Haochen and turn into blue rain and hibiscus of light.Looking at the sword in his hand, Long Haochen did not hide his affection from his heart. This sword is too spiritual. The feeling of being connected to oneself and integrating into oneself is enough to compare with his relationship with Haoyue.In the void, a crack appeared in the side of the child, and the body of the tall, thin, old man stepped out. No one else came, it was the assassin of the temple hall, the nine-order Xia, the Holy Alliance deputy chief of the Holy Moon.The Holy Moon did not pay any attention to other people and despised the adoption of the words: "Hu, but it is a discussion. How can you use that kind of power? Do you forget the generational level that you need to pay for it?"The gray color in the children's eyes gradually vanished, a touch of light: "Zengzu, this is the first time I and he have fought together. I don't want to lose."The face of Holy Moon suddenly darkened. "You're the girl. He is so good? Is it worth it?"Caier seems to suddenly become stubborn, anti-channel: "Only he let me feel the affection and warmth."As soon as the Holy Moon was stagnant, the fierce eyes suddenly eased. The snort was slightly heavy for a moment and the eyes turned to Gao Yingjie, who had taken back the Miyoshi base."You're also a nonsense. Can't you see that the power she drives doesn't belong to herself? Why doesn't she stop her?"Gao Yingjie respectfully performed a knight ceremony for the Holy Moon, "Chivalrous adults.I want to test the limits of these young people. I am the leader of their trial and need to master their true strength. ”Holy Moon frowned and said: "What is the result of your temptation?"Gao Yingjie’s eyes flashed. “It’s better than I expected. Although they don’t have tacit cooperation, many people’s abilities are unstable. However, in some fixed circumstances, they can erupt beyond the fighting power of ordinary times. After the integration of time, I believe they will erupt into a stronger overall strength and be worthy of this year's Taxi One.The Holy Moon nodded, eyes swept over the crowd, and the eyes paused slightly on the Lord of the Evil Eyes. “Little girl, this evil eye Lord is good, don’t you think of it as your beast? Although its rank Something is higher, but if you like, the old man can help you suppress it. Evil-eyed Lord has the opportunity to be promoted to the 9th-level tyrant of Warcraft.Chen Yinger had stood up from the ground at this time and shook his head without hesitation: "Do not. It is ugly. Come back quickly." As he said, he waved to the evil eye Lord very disgustingly. The big guy looked at her with a sly look and "pulled in from the door of the creature."There are some shrines in Holy Moon: "Evil eye is not suitable for girls. However, taming may be a 9-level top of the world of Warcraft as a beast of summons. The chance is not so easy to find."Chen Yinger vomited his tongue and said: “It is not necessary. Grandmother said that the keeper must be trained to be in perfect harmony with himself. This guy is so big, if you want to do it later?”The Holy Moon said indifferently: "With you." After all, he is not the strong soul of the Temple. Where did he know that at that moment the little girl was thinking about it, Yang Wenzhao was so beautiful about the bad guy's star-lit unicorn. Did I get such an ugly guy to be a beggar to summon the beast? Didn't he lose the dead?The Holy Moon singed: "You guys really don't know the heights. Are you really wanting to beat a Templar Knight? What are you waiting for?"Wang Yuan was originally a gunnery temperament. She could not help but whoever she was facing could not help but said, "We almost won just now. The team leader was injured."Holy Moon sneered, "Almost worse. He really wants to kill you, does not need more than three seconds. Can have a Mithril base trance, his repair is at least more than the Knights Tempe seven, seven What does the Knights Temporary mean? It means that his inner spiritual power is more than twenty-three thousand. None of them add up to him alone. The reason why he was injured is because Long Haochen had a good attack just that morning. But what's more important is that he is afraid of hurting you and is always in a defensive state. Otherwise, Long Haochen can always attract him with a Holy Spirit inhaler. For any profession, when the lower level, the level difference The more obvious it is, a full-fledged assault by a seven-step strong man will face it squarely.