Chapter IV Quasi-Knight Assessment (4)Long Haochen had some misunderstandings: "I don't know what is a parry. The teacher only says this is a block skill."Nalan took a deep breath and calmed down his own stirring mood. He murmured, "Yes, it is the defensiveness of the gods. It must be. Xiner, the defensive of God, I have not seen it only once, no matter who is the guardian knight. Or disciplinary knight, to the level of Huiyao Knight, all of these skills are required to repair this skill is not a deterrence, he can not block the morning you just a blow.No wonder, Xingyu adults will let him challenge the knight. The existence of a block does not prevent the knight from attacking for a quarter of an hour."“The threshold for this skill is awesome, but this is the threshold of our Knights Templar, but it is not a threshold for learning this skill. As long as there is talent, there is enough judgment and reaction ability, there are six steps. Above the knight teaches, any level can practice, but the premise is that we have the knights temple allowed to teach it. There used to be a great knight, because of his great work, also had been badly taught."Nalan was a knight in the earth. He knew more about the skill of the god than Parry, but it was because of this that his shock was even stronger.The effect of God's ability to block this skill is very simple, it is to make his defense a whole in an instant. In simple terms, if you describe a person's defense as an iron shelf, then when the attack power exceeds the defensive intensity of the iron shelf, it can be opened. However, if the same volume and hardness of iron shelf is smelted into a piece of iron, it is naturally impossible to break it with the same attack power.The deterrence of God is the process of transforming iron shelves into iron blocks. It's very simple to say, but it's actually extremely difficult, because the moment you are in the parry of God cannot move. Therefore, there must be enough prejudgment.Moreover, if the Guardian of God defends to a certain degree, he can even temporarily transform some of his opponent's attacking power into his own strength after the parry, and use it in the next attack or defense. It is not unreasonable to go beyond the extremes of God's defense.If you want to break the defensive defense of God, you must have at least three times more spiritual power than your display skills. It also depends on the ability of the exhibitor to master the parry.“The Lord of Narendra, did my appraisal pass?” Long Haochen didn’t know what the two were in front of him and asked in a speech."Naturally passed, you wait, I'm going to get something that Xingyu adults asked you to bring back." As he said, Nalan Yi quickly turned away. But the stormy waves in his heart did not show signs of calming down.Li Xin is like watching monsters and watching Long Haochen. "You tell me, my brother, what is the knight's high-level skill you just used to stop my lightning bolt?"Long Haochen shook his head and said: "No, I just want to take a trick.""Is my reaction to breaking my lightning bolt?" Li Xin's voice can not help but raise a few points. She naturally did not know that Long Haochen's defense was more perverted than his attack. It is not in vain to torture a burrow in a burrow over a year. With the soaking of the hot spring liquid and the elimination of twelve positive impurities, his cultivation during the year was at least as high as that of the average person in the past three years.Not long afterwards, Nalan Yi came back and handed two things to Long Haochen. A round badge with a sculpted sword and an egg-sized golden gem."This is the quasi-knight's equivalent badge. The above star represents the quasi-knight level. After waiting for your breakthrough, you can review it at any time. This awakening stone is sent to you by Xingyu. It must be closed."“Thank you.” After taking two things into his arms, Long Haochen respectfully saluted Nalan.Narendra said: "I let Xiner take you around in our house?"Long Haochen shook his head and said: "No. The teacher has also assigned a task for me to complete. I must go quickly."Nalan Yi did not stay, and Li Xin had sent Long Haochen to the door."How can you go with Xiner Sister, the Adventurers Guild?" Long Haochen asked Li Xin on the occasion of parting.Li Xindao said: “The Adventurers’ Guild is not far from here. You see, turn right from the street at the front and walk about one kilometer and turn left again.”"Thank you, Xiner, I'm glad to meet you. I'll go first. Lord Naran. Good-bye."After biding farewell to the two, Long Haochen walked quickly following the path of Li Xin's guidelines.Looking at the back of his departure, Li Xin could hardly wait to ask Nalan Lan: "Uncle Nalan, what is the origin of this little guy! It is impossible for him to ever make an age for us at the Knights' Temple. Outstanding contributions, how can you learn to defend yourself? Who is his teacher?”Narendra whispered and shook his head and said, “I cannot tell you this. You just need to know that his God’s refuge is perfectly in line with the rules of our temple. In the near future, I’m afraid we’ll miss you. If you don’t want to be famous, you can't be famous, Xiner sees it, you’re not alone in this world is a genius, you have to work hard, or you’ll have to lose power when the league selects the hunting demons in four years’ time. Go back."Li Xin nodded silently and said, "I don't know when I can see this beautiful younger brother."Narendra smiled and said: "I can tell you this. Two years later, he will be back. And at least it will stop when the League chooses the hunting demon."Long Haochen followed Li Xin's directions and soon found his second mission location, the Adventurers Guild.Compared with the quietness of the Temple of the Knights at the Temple of the Moon, the environment around the Adventurers' Guild will be much more chaotic. Many people will continue to enter and leave, and people of all kinds will wear it.When the eyes were bright, he had already seen where he was looking for. On the counter, not far from the left, there was a sign for the mission. Quickly walked past.At this time, there was no one. Long Haochen stepped forward and said to the girl in her late twenties: "Sister, I want to take a job.""Ah?" The girl behind the counter looked only one head higher than the counter, and Long Haochen, who had a pretty face, couldn't help but scold it."Oh, we're really adventurous in the Adventurists Guild! It's a ridiculous thing to come to this kind of small point and run to pick up the task." A somewhat exaggerated voice rang loudly next to him.Long Haochen looked away and saw a soldier with a strong, full-faced, beard and mustache smirking at him.Long Haochen frowned, but ignored him, once again to the girl behind the counter: "Sister, I want to take a task."The girl behind the counter is also somewhat curious. "What is your mission, young boy?"Did not wait for Long Haochen to speak, that rude voice has once again ringed, "What little brother, clearly is a little sister was right. Little sister, uncle took you to buy lollipop how, haha ​​-" This crude man's Some words, attracted some adventurers can not help but laugh."I'm going to take a second-level mission. It's best to slay the World of Warcraft." Long Haochen's brow wrinkled a bit deeper, but still said to the girl behind the counter.The girl was embarrassed: "My little brother, I am afraid this is not possible. The second-level or above task requires a second-level career to be accepted.""That is, hurry to go home to eat milk. Just do not know if your mother has milk for you to eat. If so, let I have two to eat? Look at your handsome look, it is estimated that your mother should also be good If you have another older sister, it would be even more perfect."It is still that voice. Once again, Long Haochen’s eyes had cooled.