Chapter 53 Night Warfare (Chinese)Soon the bedding became a piece of cloth, and the two beds that had been joined together were surrounded by the support of wooden bars that were inserted at the bedside. You can't see the inside from the outside.Lin Xin had already washed his face back and was as stunned as several other people.Wang Yuanyuan and Chen Yinger looked at one another and suddenly jumped up and quickly pulled the other two empty beds. Obviously, these two mothers must also be kind to learn. They are girls after all. They need a private space more than men. The practice of adopting children undoubtedly awoke them.After everything was done, Caier returned to Long Haochen's side and took his hand and said a sentence that made Long Haochen shed tears."This is our home."The original shyness and embarrassment disappeared." Long Haochen also seemed to forget that there were other partners looking at him, and he would take the child into his own arms.The two simple wooden beds add up to an area of ​​about four square meters. They are surrounded by several sticks and rags. This is their first home. Although very simple, but Long Hao Chen can see, Caier is very happy at this time. The happiness between eyebrows is so obvious. Her request is really not high. She just hopes to have a home. Even if she is simple, she will be very satisfied as long as she can be with her loved ones."Chai, I promise you. I will give you a warm home and our home later."Caier put his head against his shoulder and hummed gently.Lin Hsin, Sima Xian, and Han Yu clearly showed their admiration. Long Haochen was the youngest man in the hunting demons. But he was the first to have his own confidante. Their relationship is really good.Feeling the gaze of the crowd, Long Haochen looked up at them with a red face and said: “Just as Zhang Zhangchang said, we may have to fight in the city at any time. Let's take care of the time.” As he said, he drew directly from the children and drew into their home...If you change someone else's personality, "Lin Xin, Sima Xian, will certainly make fun of a few words" can be on Long Haochen "They are not really dare. Long Hao Chen nothing, can be adopted that terrifying murderous children they do not want to feel. Everyone can see that "in the mind of Cai'er, there was only Long Haochen. She did not care much about other things."Hey, can you still help?" Chen Yinger beckoned to Sima Xian and Han Yu. She was just a summoner and it was very good to pull the bed.Sima Xian smiled and said: "Sister Cherry, I'll help you."Chen Xuer hurriedly shook his head and said: "Well, still, Han Yu's brother will help me. Your big iron bar will come down and the bed will be broken. How will you support it?"Sima Xian went straight on the black line. "What is a big crowbar? I am a staff."Chen Yinger spits out his tongue. "You ask everyone, who would think that you are a staff?"Han Yu walked past with a smile and pulled out his own epee to help Chen Yinger busy.Long Haochen then took the child to bed, picking the child so that the cunning of the stars was in his arms. The childhood experience makes Caier different from ordinary people. She does not care how others see themselves. On that day, she slept one night in the dragon's morning. She was the sweetest she slept after three years old. Sleeping in his warm embrace. Won't be awakened by a nightmare. "You won't be twitched by the chill in your heart. Although it's only once." She's already liked the kind of warm and warm feeling. He smelled his fresh breath, snuggled in his warm embrace, and listened to his heartbeat. This was the happiest moment of his own, in the eyes of Xell.However, in the process of hurrying through the road, Long Hao was afraid of what he had done and he was afraid that his partners and Gao Yingjie would not be satisfied and naturally no longer lived in a room with her.In the chalk camp of the ten people, Caier could no longer restrain the warm expectation, and he took the initiative to establish this temporary home. This home is small, but it is enough for her.Snuggle in the arms of Long Haochen, she pulled down the veil on her face, and the little face with a blush is satisfied."Hey, hey, hey." The knock on the door rang."Who!" Sima Xian asked loudly."Hello, I'm looking for a baby." There came a gentle, low-pitched tone outside.Hearing this voice, the warm-hearted Geer's body, which had been lying in the arms of Long Haochen, shook slightly and slowly opened her eyes. The brow wrinkle doesn't seem to like the owner of this gentle voice.Sima Xian opened the barracks door, there is only one person outside, it was before the Great Hall of the magician regimental head, magical temple exorcist city hall temple blue rain."Blue house owner?" After Sima Xian stunned, he hurried to her.Lan Yanyu reluctantly smiled and said: "Is there a child? I want to meet her."Sima Xian nodded, and hurriedly let the road open. "Yes. You're invited.","Thank you." Lan Yanyu entered the barracks. In this empty space, she did not see Gee at first glance, and her attention naturally shifted to the existence of being a canopy bed surrounded by cloth."Please, please. I've already taken a rest." The sound of the child's coldness came out of the bed. When she was in the arms of her, she could clearly feel the rejection of her and the thousands of miles she had sent from her body! A faint chill outsideIn the eyes of Lan Yan’s eyes, he drifted over to the bed with a touch of sadness. “I've only wanted to see you, Mother.”mom? Hearing these two words, other people couldn't help but startled their hearts. The exiled magical palace was actually the son of Caier."Don't read it. Haven't you already seen it in the conference hall? Please return it." The voice of Caier was still cold."Chai, don't do this." Long Haochen whispered that he was naturally pure and filial. He saw that Chern's relationship with her mother was so cold. He felt uncomfortable in his heart and could not help whispering comfort.However, he did not matter this opening. He was naturally heard outside by the blue research rain, and suddenly his face changed dramatically. He reached out and picked up the cloth in front of him, just to see the child who was leaning against Long Haochen."You..." You guys..." Lanyan stunned and rained in the eyes. The anger in his eyes was almost instantaneous.Picker sat up and said coldly, "What happened to us?"Blue Yanyu said: "How can you do this? You are still a child." The rich magical waves slammed out of her almost instantaneously, and the murderous eyes immediately locked Long Haochen.Caier was only fourteen years old. As a mother, she was seen to be in bed with a man. It was impossible for any mother to change.Caier changed his face, picked up the black yarn on his face, flew down and got out of bed, standing in front of the blue research rain. “Who promises you to look into my home. This is a barracks. You are not the military officer here. You have no right to come here. Please leave immediately.”At this time Long Haochen also got off the bed, pulled the child's little hand, whispered: "Ciel, you don't do this. Aunt is holding the ground to see you."Lan Yanyu glared at Long Haochen. "You don't need to be a good person here. How do you dare to be with my daughter? I want to kill you."The temperature in the entire barracks plummeted. Lan Yuyu raised his hand and a sharp cone of ice flew out toward Long Hao.Wu Guang flashed, Senran murderous machine almost instantly from the mining children who burst out. The ice cone crashed into ice powder and flew in the air. In the right hand of the child, the dark golden dagger was plucked and his body flashed. The dagger sharply pointed to the blue research rain chest, and the voice full of chill was as if it were winter snow."You dare to move him and I will kill you."Lan Yanyu looked at the dark gold dagger near him and couldn't help but stay. "I'm your mother!"Caier sneered, “Mama? Where was you when I was thrown into the cold cave seven days and seven nights by Zeng Zhu? When I was three years old, I didn’t have my father or mother anymore. I only have one loved one and that is him. To be against him, "I will kill. ”The wrath on the face of Ryuken Rain disappeared in an instant. Instead, it was an indescribable paleness.“I’m not a foreigner in your heart?”Picking a cold road: “Outsider? When I was in danger, it was the outsider who had never known me and was standing in front of me. I used the body to shield me from danger. When faced with an enemy that I know is invincible, He still did not hesitate to shield me from danger. He said that he would protect my life. And what about you? What did you do for me? I am 14 years old this year. In my memory, only cultivation, Practice, cold, hard. When I couldn't move for more than two years, where were you guys? Do not tell me that you are fighting for the Holy Alliance. I don’t know what righteousness is. I only know that when I want to give up life and leave this world forever, it’s the memory he has left for me that warms my heart. For me, there is a last glimmer of hope. ”"You go. Don't appear to me in the future. I have already decided after this exit. I am a cut mountain."Lan Yanyu listened to the private words of unfeeling words, such as gold paper, squatting back two steps, a pair of beautiful eyes has long been in tears. Looking at the cold and stubborn picker, she slammed and rushed out.Long Haochen could feel the trembling of her child's body. How could her emotions not be excited? After all, it was her mother! If you say such unfeeling, how can she feel good in her heart?From the back of her gently catching her Jiaoqu, Long Haochen did not say anything, just warm her with their own body.Caier mumbled: "I won't cry for her. I have enough tears for her.I am an orphan and I am just an orphan. ”Some people may think that adopting children is a bit extreme, but everybody imagines that if you can't listen, cannot see, and cannot move, consciousness is always sober for years. What kind of harassment is this feeling? What's more, at that time, the children were still so small.