Chapter 51 Riding Rides (All)The young people did not speak at once and looked at each other. The hearts could not help but secretly heat. More than 23,000 inner spiritual powers are terrible figures. It is still not easy to say whether there are 14,000 or more in the seven dragons. What's more, the comparison of spiritual power can be added together?The sight of the Holy Moon falls on Cherrer's end. "The most noisy thing is you. That's right, the fact that you mobilize that kind of power can really pose a threat to him. But it must also persuade him to use his best efforts to deal with you. I didn't appear to help him, but to help you. Maybe you can hit him hard, but you must die. ”The child was quietly standing there without speaking. To this great ancestor, she did not seem to get close.“Long Yinchen, you come with me, I have something to say to you.” The holy moon cold knife eyes turned to some weak dragons morning.Hearing this statement, Caier finally responded and his body shuddered.The Holy Moon took a look at her and took one step. The people were already outside the three feet.Long Haochen retired himself to weapons and rushed to the holy month.Gao Yingjie looked at the crowd and smiled on the face of his fortitude. "Although I have suppressed my strength, it is enough to be proud that today you can force me to equip me with Mithril bases. One day, you will also reach. This level of me" even surpassed me. Well, we're off at half time in the field. After half an hour, we set off. ”Chen Yinger seems to have eased some time now, and jumped around to pick her up. "Ciel, how are you? What awesome it was, just cool."Caier did not speak, but just shook his head and sat down directly in the place, silently recovering his spiritual power. In addition to Long Haochen, she is cold to others and rarely speaks. This is not because of personality.Chen Yinger talked a bit boring and made a grimace to Caier. Then he ran to find Wang Yuanzun.Long Haochen followed the holy month to the side of the trial room. The holy month stopped and turned to look at him. “Long Haochen.” The name of the juvenile was called out. The holy month did not know how to speak.Young and handsome can be described as beautiful with more qualities than their peers have. It even boasts the legendary Son of Light. Even if it is the picky of the Holy Moon, it is hard to find anything in front of the teenager. However, he was still uncomfortable in his heart. Anyway, he had taken away his great granddaughter."Yanxia adults." Long Haochen took a horizontal chest and performed a knight ceremony on the Holy Moon.After the Holy Moon was silent for a long time, he said slowly, "I've had a lot of suffering since I was a child. I don't know why she valued you so much. It's not clear what you're attracted to her. But you as a knight, I hope you can protect her in the days of fighting with her in the future."Long Hao Chen said in a positive way: "I vowed to protect my son for life. I use my life to guard."The Holy Moon took a deep look at him and his face eased a bit. "Provide me with action. And also, you just saw the ability to pick children. You remember, as long as you don't go to life or death, the threat When she is in her life, she must not be allowed to use that ability easily, because that ability will cause great harm to herself. Do you understand?Long Haochen startled his heart. Before the adoption of the children showed that even Gao Yingjie feel terrible murderous, Long Hao Chen did not startle? He also did not think that the adoption of children was so powerful that they even needed to look up. At this point, calm down and think, yes! What is the reason why the adoption of children is only a fifth-order practice? Why can it motivate such a powerful ability? It turned out to be a huge price.She said that because this war was her first fight with me, I did not want to lose. Were we adopting children, although I vowed to protect you for the rest of my life, I have always been the one who has paid more for me!The Holy Moon looked at Long Yanchen’s gradually red eyes, knowing that he listened to his own words. "Go ahead. Remember, whether you are still picking children, the importance of the Alliance is more than that of the artifacts. As head of the hunting demons, never let you and your team members in unpredictable danger. It is the most important thing for you and Cherraker to grow up to over 20 years of age, and by that time, you have been more than able to protect yourself."Thanks to the adults." Long Haochen once again had a guilty conscience for the Holy Moon.The Holy Moon smiled indifferently and shook his head. “You and Zelko call you my grandfather afterwards.” After finishing this sentence, he once again demonstrated the powerful ability of the dragon head but he did not see the tail. Then he stepped into the void and disappeared. .Long Haochen sat down next to Caier and sat down. His previous spiritual power consumption was also huge and he needed time to recover."Half an hour is not enough," and everyone has gotten up. Gao Yingjie seems to have fully returned to normal. The wounds he had caused before Long Haochen could not be seen at all."Starting." For this ordinary, but powerful leader, the members of the No. 1 hunting demons group are all recognized.Where is the strength of others? Seven steps, that is the real seven-step strong.Out of the knight's test field, there was a very large carriage waiting for them. It's not an exaggeration to describe this wagon as huge. The width of the carriage is three meters and its length is five or six meters away. There are eight horses in front of Marathon. "Two drivers are responsible for driving the car.Every new recruiting demon team is treated the same way. After all, not all of them have mounts, and they can't walk on foot. In that case, the efficiency is too low.While everyone was preparing to get on the train, suddenly, a young girl quickly ran over from a distance.Everyone is a strong man above the fifth-order, and he perceives that nature is not weak, and both are subconsciously stopping to look at the girl.It was a girl who looked seventeen or eight years old. She seemed to be about the same age as Wang Yuanyuan, but her body was slightly smaller. The face of the micro-circle flourishes, and the bright eyes of the pair are filled with the colors of hidden bitterness. The short-haired blonde looks very neat, and reveals a very cute look."Uncle Master, did you just leave me alone and run?" The young girl ran quickly to Gao Yingjie and opened his arms to stop him.When she saw her, Gao Yingjie’s grim and serious face was immediately overwhelmed by a thick sense of helplessness. “Xiao Xue, don’t do anything. Go back. The uncle is going to perform the task. I’ll be back when the task is completed. You stay It's good to practice at home.""No, I want to carry out the task together with the uncle. People are also a knight." Known as Xiao Xue's girl is stubbornly contempt for Gao Yingjie.Gao Yingjie's face sank. "Xiao Xue, you have to be angry again. You must be angry. You are not too big. You can't follow your uncle forever!"Xiao snow eyes red, "Dad and mother are gone. Don't even the uncle do not want me? I just want to follow my uncle in a lifetime, a person at home, Xiaoxue will be afraid." Said finally, her voice has sobbed. However, she apparently did not pretend to be pretending to be false. Her appearance is distinctly larger than Long Yuchen and Caier’s age, but she seems to have a smaller heart than them.After listening to her words, Gao Yingjie’s face could no longer sink, his brow furrowed, and he sighed. “Well, then you will follow me. I will introduce you to you.”As he said, he looked apologetically at the crowd at the No. 1 hunting demon corps, saying: "She called Shi Xiaoxue and she was a fourth-order and five-level disciplinary knight."Long Haochen had some curiosity: "Fourth-grade and five-grade? With her cultivation, I should be able to participate in the hunting group trials. But I don't seem to have seen her."When Shi Xiaoxue heard this, he immediately replied, "Oh, it wasn't that Uncle wouldn't allow me to participate. Otherwise, I'm sure there is no problem in the preliminary round."Gao Yingjie sighed and said: “Her parents were once members of the hunting demons. They were my comrades who died in a war. I left her with such a seedling, and I couldn’t bear to let him join the team of hunters. To the danger, I just hope she can stay in the holy alliance in peace and tranquility.Since my parents died, this child has developed a strange disease and is very brave.I can't leave me alone.I'm sorry,would you allow me? Take her with you and take part in this operation. You can rest assured that she will never be upset. I will take care of her safety.",After listening to Shi Xiaoxue’s parents’ death and looking at her sad and miserable appearance, how could everyone not agree? Shi Xiaoxue, who had turned sad and happy, boarded the carriage.The trains are very open and there are dry foods specially prepared for them on the road. However, this spaciousness is also relative. When the big guy of the next month climbed into the car, it was still somewhat crowded.Haoyue's height is four meters, even if he is as far as possible curl up, but still occupy a considerable place. Han Yu’s evil eye sent back its own space. But the bright moon is different. Unless it is its own wish, Long Haochen will never force it. After all, he also saw with his own eyes the harsh environment and powerful enemies of its original world. After simply explaining to the partners, the people naturally agreed to its existence.Eight horses flew four-footed under the chauffeur's drive and pulled the carriage out of the holy city.Gao Yingjie sat in the outermost position of the carriage. Shi Xiaoxue sat next to him. If he carefully observed, he could see that the girl's eyes barely left Gao Yingjie's presence. For other people, he basically remained blind."Well, taking advantage of this time, let's sum up the fighting just now. You first talked about yourself. What was the performance of this war just now? What wrong place happened?" Gao Yingjie said quietly.Before the departure, a battle with the tenth hunting team would naturally not be for that simply impossible bet. Not only does he have to verify the capabilities of the people, but at the same time he is under the pressure of his pressure. After the people demonstrate their strength as much as possible, they also have a preliminary understanding of each other.Chen Yinger, the spirit of some big girl immediately proudly said: "In addition to adopting children should be the most powerful of me. I but summoned a powerful eight-level Warcraft help. We really have the opportunity to win it."Sima Xian smiled and said: "Sakura sister, if you let it come again, can you summon the eight-level Warcraft?"Chen Yinger immediately looked up and said: "There is always a chance."Gao Yingjie turned his attention to Long Haochen and said: "You are the head of the team in the early morning. You talk about it."Long Hao nodded his head in the morning and said: “First of all, let’s talk about the advantages. Our advantages are more obvious, mainly reflected in the fact that almost everyone has the possibility of bursting out of their own strength. My light and rain freak, Wang Yuanyuan’s giant spirit. God's Shield, Sima Xian that combines the glaring Hammer of Light, the call of Ying Ying's creature, and the special attack of Xerei. Han Yu and Lin Xin are relatively more favored as auxiliary types, but they are fighting. The role played is equally great."He has also been observing the capabilities of the people just now. At this time, he said that he was like a good friend and well-organized."Having these capabilities beyond our own ranks makes it easy for us to attack our enemies in excess of the enemy's expected attack power. As long as the overall strength of the team can erupt, I believe we must be the strongest recruit in this session. of."Listening to him here, everyone can not help but nod. After this war, the most dazzling performance was undoubtedly Caier, but Long Haochen was the core of the team and his ability could not be ignored. The Holy Spirit and his own defense played the role of the mainstay. If he did not contain Gao Yingjie, even if Gao Yingjie did not go all out, it would be very difficult for everyone to have the opportunity to display their strongest skills. Long Haochen’s final blow also impressed everyone, and the strong penetration attack power of the light rain hibiscus sword could even hurt the Miriam base trenches, showing how strong its attack power was. Therefore, everyone has been more and more convinced of the strength of the head of Long Haochen, after all, is the first. Even Wang Yuanyuan, originally somewhat unconvinced, was experiencing the great role played by the light rain hibiscus sword and the Holy Spirit stunner, and he also admired Long Yuchen a bit more.After all, although everyone is not completely clear at the age of Long Haochen, it is also possible to see that the youngest of the team is him, Caier, and Chen Yinger. However, he and Caier have reached the fifth-order level at this age, and the future can be imagined.Gao Yingjie nodded and said: "Talk about the shortcomings."Long Haochen said: "The shortcomings are obvious. The first is that we all are not familiar with each other, and it is unclear for each other's skills release time, skill power, effects, and fighting methods. Under such circumstances, our actions are difficult If we are unanimous, we will not be able to fully use our capabilities.The tacit understanding needs to be enhanced through continuous practice and fighting.In the future we will definitely pay attention to this aspect.The second drawback is the uncertainty.This is mainly on the side of Sakura The door of the creature of Sakura is a powerful summoning magic, but she is not sure what she will summon.Therefore, in the battle, it is very difficult for me to count his abilities.And once she summons powerful Warcraft, If it fails to cooperate, it will have an opposite effect. As before, the evil eyelord's attack will affect the magic of Haoyue."Chen Yinger spits out his tongue on the side. "If the summoned World of Warcraft is too powerful, it can't be completely controlled."Gao Yingjie frowned and said: "Chen Yinger I know that you can summon the secrets of the creatures. There is a secret that belongs to you. I don't want to ask more. But you are now part of the hunting demon mission. Counting Han Yu, you are also one-seventh of the strength. For the entire team, everyone is very important. Therefore, if you want the team to develop better, your call must be stabilized as soon as possible."Chen Yinger froze a moment and murmured, "I'm afraid that at least seven steps will come before I can actually control the creature's door."Gao Yingjie said: "Another way is to have the beneficiary beast as soon as possible. In your current situation, it will be ten years after you reach the seventh-order. Do you rely on your partners for ten years? To protect you? For a team, this is likely to bring catastrophes to everyone.” As he said, his tone gradually became severe.Chen Yinger’s Qiao Lian’s Qiao Ye’s Qiao Bai was slightly pale and slowly lowered her head to keep silent.In fact, her situation is also very clear to others. However, the team has just been formed. She is also a little girl. No one can say anything bad so as not to affect unity. By Gao Yingjie, this team leader can also be said to be the best choice for the outsiders of the hunting demons. This is also true. Even Lin Hsin who attacked the team with the help of the Nine Laws can also assist the entire team with his excellent magical control and magical release ability. However, Chen Yinger can no longer summon the powerful as soon as the door of the creatures. World of Warcraft, he can only be a drag on the entire team. Even if summoned out, not well controlled, it may not be a good thing for the entire team. Therefore, she can now be said to be the most unstable part of the entire team.Gao Yingjie’s majestic gaze swept away from the crowd and calmly replied: “You must all remember. You are a whole, a complete collective. Everything must be focused on the interests of the collective. Otherwise, one person has problems. All people involved are involved. In the battle, you have to depend on each other and perform their duties. Even if you use up the last bit of power, you must do well in your own affairs.""In the next three months, I will try to impart my experience to you as much as possible. How much you can receive and how much you can use will depend on yours. Below, I will briefly analyze what you are looking for in class one. Each group's situation. ”"Chen Yinger I have already said that she is the uncertainty in the team. But since you are a team, then" everyone has the obligation to protect her in the battle. Once she grows up, she will become an important part of the team. ”Looking to the only magician in the team, Gao Yingjie's eyes were obviously strange. "Lin Xin, you know? You are the best one of the same age magicians I have ever seen."“Ah?” Lin Xin stunned, but it was not appropriate for this sudden applause. He thought Gao Yingjie would despise him for not attacking.Gao Yingjie said: "You are the first team to cooperate with me today. But in this cooperation, in addition to Long Haochen's World of Warcraft, it is you who are most comfortable with him. Your elements Shield can always fall on him at the first time, and, also is the elemental shield, your defensive power is stronger than that of Long Haochen.If I'm not mistaken, you have improved the Elemental Shield with your own control, similar to the effect of resonance. The staff in your hands should be a pure fire cloud crystal, although it is not a small increase for you, but if you say that you do not have a good talent, you can not continue to launch defensive magic at such a speed. ”"Although we shouldn't inquire about the secrets of others, among all of you, what I want to know most is why you don't practice any attacking magic. I know you are also a potion master. You can still use it when you have two hearts. Use the defensive magic so well. If you wholeheartedly cultivate the complete magic system, you can predict that the future magical temple must be proud of you."Listening to Gao Yingjie's words, Lin Xin is silent. This is a bit narcissistic, and the youthful eyes with long dark green hair are suddenly gloomy, but he does not say anything. He just sits down with his head down.Gao Yingjie took a deep look at him and said: “Okay. At the moment, we just use Linxin to use defensive magic to set up your tactical system. In the team, Lin Xin’s role is never lower than a shield. Warrior, and because he casts magic, so the role in the team is even bigger than that of the shield soldier. Lin Xin, you remember, if you really never want to learn to attack magic, then the future will be The fire department's defenses and assisting magic are more difficult to use, and in the face of a strong enemy, you need to assist Long Haochen in defense, just as it is to deal with me today. In the face of a large number of enemies who are not strong enough, you are the team. The firefighters, who are in danger or need help, must complete the first time. This requires that you have an understanding of the overall situation."Lin Xin silently nodded, "I'll do my best." Just answering this sentence, he no longer booed, it seems that because Gao Yingjie mentioned why he did not practice attacking magic and was stimulated.Gao Yingjie said: “I gave Lin Xin a tentative position in the middle and back of the team, and Chen Yinger, the most in need of protection, was in the middle of the team. You should always pay attention to getting your Warcraft to assist them in the battle. Movements, such as floating systems of the wind, are even carried by your Warcraft."Long Haochen carefully remembers every sentence Gao Yingjie said. This is a real experience! In cultivation, few people can surpass Nightingale's research. However, in actual combat, especially in team battles, Nightingale is hard to compare with Gao Yingjie. From his scars alone, he can see that his experience is the lesson of blood.Gao Yingjie continues! ‘Wang Yuanyuan, Sima Xian, both of you are soldiers in my eyes. Only one is an axe warrior and one is a sacred warrior. ”Listening to him this way, Wang Yuanyuan and Sima Xian could not help but feel a bit embarrassed.Gao Yingjie showed a smile on his face. “You don’t have to feel embarrassed. It’s nothing. Each person chooses a different direction of development. As long as it suits himself, it is good. There is no doubt that your spiritual power will be far beyond ordinary people. I will not say more. In the battle, what you should pay attention to is to tie in with the rhythm. Always pay attention to the movement of Long Haochen's side and follow him. At the same time, help him to protect one side, not because of his own impulse. Let the whole team show flaws. Also, although your big move is very fierce, but the consumption of spiritual power too much, do not use lightly.""Oh." Wang Yuan nodded. Her temper is very straightforward, as long as people who are stronger than her have directed her qualifications.Gao Yingjie turned to Sima Xian and said: “As for you, I will say a few more words. You are a priest, but you chose melee as your own ability. There is nothing wrong with this. In my opinion, you can walk Precepts pastor's line.""Preceptor priest?" Sima Xian stunned, and there was a loss in his eyes. The word was the first time he heard about it.Gao Yingjie said: “The preceptor priest has indeed not seen it for many years. The so-called precept priest is the kind of priest that you choose to use as the main battle. But you have to remember that you are still a pastor and not a fighter. Therefore, the priest’s skills You have to learn more, not just attack skills, but also assistive skills.Choose Discipline Priests Although you gave up the treatment, but you must show the discipline priests with explosive power of divine magic.You and the madness combination The Hammer of Light used together is very good, but I don't know if your divine magic is compatible with melee. In this respect you have to ask Long Yuchen more. Discipline Priest is doing well and you can become a The strong man who is a martial arts fighter.""In the team positioning, Sima Xian and Wang Yuanyuan, you have to lag slightly behind Long Haochen, protecting the left and right wings of the team, helping Long Haochen share the side pressure, but also pay attention to the protection of Chen Yinger and Lin Xin of Zhongyang Central.""Yes." Listening to Gao Yingjie's detailed analysis, everyone has a kind of heart-wrenching feeling. Gao Yingjie said that not only everyone's future direction of development, but also their positioning in the team, with an accurate positioning, their future cooperation and fighting, tacit understanding will be more easily produced."Han Yu, your position is at the end of the team. I know you are a guardian knight. After breaking down, it is extremely important in the team. One of the advantages of your rank one hunting demon group is that you have more guardian knights. After finishing the work, you can leave your teammates with no worries, and your evil spirits partner can also assist other people very well. Once strong enemies appear, you must allow evil spirits to shake opponents through spiritual magic and give them a partner. We fight for reaction time."Han Yudao: "Leader, I have something to say."Gao Yingjie said: "You said."Han Yudao: “The biggest problem we currently have in this team is the untreated priest. This will affect our ability to continue fighting. Therefore, my future security direction will be more defensive and therapeutic. To make up for the lack of teams.”Gao Yingjie’s eyes flashed with a hint of surprise. Immediately afterwards, he was filled with admiration. “Very good. This is what I wanted to mention later. You can have this kind of consciousness is a blessing to your entire team.”Sima Xian sat next to Han Yu and listened to him. Suddenly he reached for his shoulder and said, "Good brother. I will have a share of you in the future."Han Yu gave him a look of helplessness. "Don't use your muscles against me. I still prefer the soft girl."Sima Xian grinned and blinked. It looked like he would wink again and said, "Do you see me?"The small episode made everyone laugh.Sima Xian was a bit worried that he could not provide treatment for the team. Han Yu took the initiative to come up with this responsibility. He expressed his gratitude from the heart and he took the initiative to show his gratitude.The atmosphere inside the carriage was also harmonious with this episode.Gao Yingjie’s eyes finally fell on Long Haochen and Caier."You're a very strong offensive player. You can say that you're a sharp edge for the entire team. You have the highest offensive power in the entire team. So you have to take on more responsibility. I know Your relationship with Long Haochen is very good, but don't forget that you are members of a hunting mob, and you mustn’t use yourselves at all. Otherwise, you are not helping him, but you are harming him. He is the leader, if you To be good to him, we must help him to complete the role of head of the group."Gao Yingjie’s voice became severe again. Caier raised his head slightly. Although she couldn't see it, she could see from the movement that she was listening carefully. Concave z ugly l mouth, and "heart.Uncle, you are handsome. At the time of being sent off, the sudden and squeaking sound of Gao Yingjie’s majestic moment was destroyed. Shi Xiaoxue grasped Gao Yingjie's arm and shook it.Gao Yingjie, with a red face, angered and said: "Let go on, like what you like. Don't interpose.""Oh." Shi Xiaoxue's deputy bent his head, but his hand was still holding his sleeve. For this little girl, Gao Yingjie is really no way.Sima Xian, Han Yu, Chen Yinger and Wang Yuanyuan could not help laughing. Even Lin Xin, who is playing with loneliness, seems to have eased some of his eyes. He looked at Gao Yingjie with a look of guilt and looked at Shi Xiaoxue. In my heart, this is the legendary old cow to eat young grass.“Keke.” Gao Yingjie coughed a few times, concealed his embarrassment, and adopted the children's righteousness: “Your job is mainly to have three mouths. First is to kill the enemy. With your tyrannical attack power, you can be the most capable of killing the enemy. In the absence of a particularly strong enemy, you must destroy as many of your enemies as possible, walk around the outside and relieve the pressure on your partners."The second is attacking the enemy. When the enemies facing the enemy also have a complete formation, you are breaking the enemy's sharp knife and paving the way for the partners.""Finally it's the help of a strong enemy. You're telling me, as an assassin, how do you play your strongest offense in a team?"Caier said coldly: "I just want to kill the enemy."Gao Yingjie shook his head and said: "No, you are wrong. In that case, you have played only your own strength. In addition, due to other conditions on the battlefield, you cannot even fully use your own attack power. When you are stronger than your enemies, you do nothing to help the team.""You should know that the Temple of the Knights is most closely related to the Assassin Temple. This is not because the two major temples are melee. More importantly, because of the relationship between knights and assassins, knights and remaining players complement each other. Assassin's shield, and the assassin is the most powerful weapon the knight hides in the dark."Listen to him this way, everyone can not help but move. Especially Long Haochen, he seems to have grasped something.Gao Yingjie said: “When you face a powerful enemy whose individual strength exceeds any one of you, then what you have to do is not to escape but to fight together with Long Haochen. The shadow behind Long Haochen is your hiding. When he resists the storm of the enemy, it is the moment you break out of the attack. This is the so-called riding one.""In the face of a strong enemy, the Assassin is not only an enemy weapon, but also assists the Cavaliers in defense when the Cavaliers can't resist the opponent's attack, and enhances the Cavaliers' survivability. Therefore, I hope you can and Dragon. As early as in the morning as early as possible to understand each other's ability and the limits of each other. Only in this way, you can unite to become the core of the team."Cai Ge nodded lightly and thought of Gao Yingjie's direction. "Thanks."It is not an easy task to say thank you for her conviction. Gao Yingjie just said these, so that Caier finally gradually brought himself into a team. Of course, the one that played the most important role was the rider, improving the viability of the knight. In the previous battle, Caier had always wanted to help Long Haochen fully, but he did not know how to do the best. At this time, with the guidance of Gao Yingjie, with her cleverness, she has already learned many things.Gao Yingjie’s eyes showed a hint of relief. As long as these young people can listen to him, then he will not be the leader of this time.The Temple Alliance attaches great importance to the Hunting Demon Mission. In order to enhance the survivability of these new hunting devils and train as many qualifying hunting deities as possible, these powerful Seventh-order Templar Knights are allowed to direct them for three months. . The trials in these three months are also run-in. The ten Templars headed by Gao Yingjie are all elites in the knight's temple elite."Long Haochen, I'm going to talk about you in the end. In the previous battles, you were the ones who were most satisfied with me among you. My biggest expectation is also you. The Holy Spirit is best, but it does not represent With it, you will be able to become an excellent knight.As the core of the team, you will not abandon or give up.In the face of danger and advancing.Use your solid defense to give partners the chance to survive.You do It's very good."“Your position is centered on the front of the entire team. You are always the first to face up to the strong enemy. This is the knight. Humble, Honest, Merciful, Heroic, Fair, Sacrifice, Honor, Persistence , love, justice.The knight's top ten rules are very important in the team.You have to do is to offense and defense one, is to lead the entire team.You have a great responsibility, your every choice, will determine the fate of the team. ”