Suddenly, a flash of red light flicked through the eyes of the evil eyes, Gao Ying who was in the distance also lit a blush.Gao Yingjie did not move, nor was he surprised. He smiled indifferently and said: “What is the true eye? Your evil eye is only a growing-up period. If you want to explore my cultivation, there is still a lot worse.”Long Haochen and Han Yu looked at each other and made big strides. At the same time, he launched a charge towards Gao Yingjie. With this move, all team members also acted.Wang Yuanyuan rapidly put her three gems into the shield of the giant spirit. Sima Xian shouted and the momentum increased rapidly. Holding the staves, he rushed out on the other side of the dragon's morning. In the course of the assault, His muscles soared and became mad.The children who were originally held by Long Haochen disappeared at this moment.The three moons at the same time lifted at the same time. Xiaoqing and Xiaohuo craters continued to sing low-pitched quack-like chants. Xiaoqing spewed two glaucomas and fell on Chen Ying'er and Lin Xin respectively. Their bodies floated slightly. At the same time, "has already been carried by myself on the moon, and they have turned their hoofs and chased them to chase their wives.In Chen Yinger's hands, the huge crystal ball has reappeared. Her chanting sounds like a song.Lin Xin sat in front of her, and the fire cloud crystal staff raised his hand. The spell quickly sang in the middle of the sticky fire element Peng Peng. It must be said that Lin Xin’s magical control and magical elemental affinity are far more than that of Huang Yi, who possesses earth elements. He has the help of the Elemental Elves, and even with the help of the Elixir of Magic, even the casting speed will exceed the speed. Huang Yi.Long Haochen had their own actions on this side, and Gao Yingjie on the other side did not even see these things at all, and he still did not move.Under the assault condition, Long Yuchen and Han Yu had the same speed as Sima Xian after the madness. The trio almost reached the front of Gao Yingjie at the same time.Seeing that Gao Yingjie was only less than ten meters away, Long Haochen suddenly shouted and his chest moved at the white light, and the light spit was like a white band of light, and it fell on Gao Yingjie.St. Lei Ling first skill, traction.Gao Yingjie did not seem to feel any surprise about this, but he did. Stepping out and stabilizing like a mountain, the roar of that moment caused a violent shock in front of the yellow knights of the entire knight's test field. The right hand, the ordinary iron epee, instantly became a golden eye. , went straight to Long Hao morning out.Lunges and shields, the dragon's stature suddenly solidified, and it was like a statue standing there to cancel the charge. A white light shines on the shield of the Holy Spirit, and it is the shield of the light and the shield of the God.At the same time, a total of five layers of light appeared at almost the same time on him.The first thing that shines is the holy mask attached to the dragon's blessings. The second layer is the second layer of holy masks that Han Yu has released for him. Next, there are three magic lights.Two fire systems and one light system, three magic shields blazed from the back and fell on him at the same time. This fifth-order defense combined with two layers of holy masks was actually created in the moment for the dragon's morning to a maximum of five. Layer defensive skills.The three-layer magic shield is naturally applied by small light, small fire, and Lin Xin.Gao Yingjie’s eyes brightened and his head nodded in secret. These young people only found the key when they cooperated for the first time. A guardian knight or shield soldier who can withstand the enemy's attack is the real core of the team. What's more, this beautifully-painted young knight has a Holy Spirit. That defensive posture is totally natural, it is worthy of being the first place in this individual tournament.The front of the epee did not change. Gao Yingjie didn't seem to see the left side of Sima Xian with the Staff of the Light Hammer smashing and the Han Yu's light sword.A feeling of near-rolling pressure made Long Haochen's body shake violently, and the front five defenses were actually fragile for Gao Yingjie. It only made his gold on the sword slightly weakened. The sword slammed into the shield of the dragon's shield.It was also at this time that "the sudden and violent light from the evil eye above Han Yu's head suddenly burst into sudden intense light." With Gao Yingjie's cultivation as a slight stagnation of his body, there was a brief embarrassment. Then his epee was caught on the shield of Long Haochen.The impact of horror was instantaneously transmitted from the Holy Spirit Shield to the limbs.” At this moment, Long Haochen only felt that his own body seemed to be no longer his own. The vast and horrible spiritual force, completely crushing the impact, He made the whole person almost slide down and out of the air. The vengeance of the body's light flashed. The feeling of body numbness seemed to be exhausted.Although Long Haochen had a very high estimate of the strength of the seventh-order strongman before, he really experienced a huge gap between them. Nearly concentrated the entire team's strength, it can only barely block the blow.A pair of huge golden light wings spread out from behind Gao Yingjie at this time, the light sword fell on the light wing, momentarily extinguished. After the madness of Sima Xian’s madness fell to the light wing on the other side, he only made a bang. The attached Hammer of Lights was instantly assimilated by the tyrannical and terrifying light elements. His majestic body was also like He ran into a fierce horse and bounced out, throwing him far.Long Haochen did not interrupt his own Holy Spirit in this regard. He is the head of the team and the core of the team. At this time, it is naturally his responsibility to resist Gao Yingjie’s heavy responsibility.The four ray of light is again on the upper body, this time being a full four-element shield. Although there is one layer less than the previous defense, how can the third-order mask be compared with the shield of the fifth-order element, but the defense is even stronger than before.Long Hao took a deep breath in the morning, desperately urging the body to resolve the body's numbness, at this time, his own spiritual power beyond the advantages of the same order of the knight showed up, under a breath, the body has been resolved Mostly.Gao Yingjie retired from the dragon's early morning and was pulled by the Holy Spirit Stove. Unless he returned to run out of the spirit range, he would only be able to attack Long Yuchen alone. In the early morning, the charge was launched. As for Han Yu’s renewed attack, he did not care at all. The wings behind him were only slightly rhythmic and they were easily stopped.The Holy Light shield, the Holy Light Mask, and the God Block.Long Haochen once again opened all his defensive abilities, and at this time, another level of Hongmang fell on him, actually adding another layer of elemental shield to him.It is Lin Xin. Lin Xin's magical release with the help of Huoyunjing is faster than the bright moon. Actually during this short period of time, a two-layer elemental shield was issued to assist the dragon's morning defense. "...Long Haochen once again swiftly welcomed Gao Yingjie’s attack. In a fierce roar, this time, he stepped backwards seven or eight steps to stabilize his shape. All the defense shields were broken again. However, compared with the previous first strike, it is obviously much better to deal with it because of more defense layers. At least there is no recurrence of numbness in the body.At the same time, Long Haochen's Spiritual Sword pointed forward, and a light-minded sword attached to the revenge of the light smashed toward Gao Yingjie.Gao Yingjie was a bit surprised. This young man with only five steps even stopped his attack completely with the help of his teammates. Although he did not use all his strength, he was shocked. Their team can actually complete the defense of the five-faced Elemental Shield in a short period of time, and change other new hunting demon corps, I am afraid that even the three can not put in front of it? Moreover, this young man's privilege against God actually gave him a feeling of perfection. Not only was he skilled, but he also used God's roughness, which was a deterrent to God.However, Gao Yingjie apparently did not plan to waste too much time here. When he returned to the dragon's early morning with a sword, he slid under the foot and he would instantly connect to a shield to charge. He would not hurt these young people, but he would also Thoroughly crashed Long Haochen to make his Holy Spirit ineffective. Without the guardian knight's main defense, other people couldn't even touch him.However, at this time, his mind appeared again for a moment. This shield shielded the mountain that the charge did not reach.The evil eye was very shameful and shook his head at the top of Han Yu’s head. “At this time, Han Yu did not continue attacking. Instead, it was a place where Yeoning-Yue-Yeon went there. The golden light fog rose from around the body. It is the momentum that Long Haochen often uses.With his current attack, Gao Yingjie's defense can't be broken. It is only possible to compress his own spiritual power.It seems that the endless majesty and arrogance of the generation of monarchs who have unified Liuhe have appeared at this moment.A huge golden light rises from the back of Long Hao's morning side, as if it were a giant red golden meteor.It seems that from a brutal pressure, even Gao Yingjie is a change in his face. For the first time his eyes have become dignified.This is no doubt that it was Wang Yuanyuan who had made it into the air, and it was the strongest version of Wang Yuanyuan who had completed the installation of three precious stones on the shield of the Great Spirit.Exuding the glittering red golden light, the shield of the giant spirit that shines with red, yellow, white, blue, and gray faces resembles Mount Tai, pressing down towards Gao Yingjie.Gao Yingjie didn't chase Long Haochen again.It was during his pause that Long Haochen was not idle anymore. Three flares spread out, and as he quickly chanted the spell, the brilliance that was today's brilliance was also shaped above the top of his head. .Faith Aura, Guardian Bounty, and Strengthen Aura. This is the most basic three halo of the guardian knight. Long Haochen was too skilled to use it, so long as he gave him a breath of relief, he wouldn't even need a spell to get it out.With the aid of the three major halos with the protection of the Holy Spirit, the brilliance of Wang Yuanyuan's body has become more dazzling.At the beginning, in the presence of the shield of the giant spirit, Long Haochen nearly overturned the ship, or the help of Haoyue and Wang Yuanyuan were consumed too much and failed to display the full strength of the shield. This won the victory. If it weren’t for him that defeated Wang Yuanyuan, once she was allowed to enter the top 16, the final ranking would still be different.As the strongest warrior in the true meaning of this warrior temple, Wang Yuanyuan completely broke out his fighting power at this time.Shields erect and stature stagnated. It is God who resists the block. This high-level knight's iconic skill, Gao Yingjie, will naturally be used as well.In the face of the oppressive force of the shield of the giant spirit, he also had to deal with God.However, at this time, a black figure appeared silently behind him, and the dark golden light flashed.Zier, who was hidden in the dark, finally moved at this crucial moment.When adopting the first attack on Long Haochen, Caier had already changed his own. In fact, Gao Yingjie’s ability did not find her moving from the back of Long Haochen to Han Yu’s back.Gao Yingjie chased Long Haochen and naturally passed Han Yu’s position. Han Yu was gaining momentum and Caier came behind him.The position of the child is very particular about the starting position. It is precisely the center of the spiritual power that Gao Yingjie condenses, that is, his vest. This is the weakest position of his wing defenses.That's right, the defensive is really strong, but its biggest flaw is that the defensive physiognomy must remain motionless for a moment, and then use the body to release the force to resolve the enemy's attack. The timing of the child's choice is exactly the moment when his body is stagnant, that is, the moment when the shield of the giant spirit is about to collide with his defense.Chern is not the kind of assassin who excels at disguising herself and displays various puzzles through herself. What she is good at is hiding and looking for opportunities. "One shot will kill. Although she can't see her eyes, she is more accurate than anyone to look for weaknesses in the enemy."not good. Gao Yingjie changed his face at the moment when she adopted her child. He must have been a Knight of the Order of the Seventh Order. Although Xer's actions were silent, his perception of danger was his own perception.After years of fighting with the Mozu, he had already developed his almost beast-like instincts. He did not hesitate to hesitate to disperse God and block his position, and the right-handed epee made a back-up movement like lightning. At the same time, his body instantly sparkled with transparent gold.Both sounds occur almost at the same time.Wang Yuanyuan only felt that he had hit a mountain. The violent anti-shock force caused her entire person to fly backwards. Even the shields of the giant spirits were removed.However, she also gave Gao Yijie's body shaking. The center of the shield in his hand also showed a few traps.Han Yu, who is still in a position of strength, clearly saw that Han Yu’s epee, which was behind him and resisted the child’s attack, was actually pierced. Moreover, the adoption of the children's attack hit back, did not fight hard, vaguely able to see a touch of dark gold shine through the epee, annihilation in Gao Yingjie who light up in the golden light.Seventh-order Templar Knight's signature skills, radiant body.