Chapter 50 Mithras Base (Chinese)Chen Yinger has been sitting on the ground with a butt, his face pale and scary, breathing heavily, apparently is the appearance of spiritual power overdraft.Lin Xin will not attack, but he is not alone in the fire. In the fiery world, a red light shoots from the cloud of fire and falls on the small flame. He unrestrainedly transfers his spiritual power to the swiftness of the fire.The moment after the elemental annihilation aura has just dispelled the elemental shield. Only Lin Xin noticed that the three heads of Haoyue, Xiaoguang, Xiaohuo and Xiaoqing's eyes became serious. Behind the raised horny, a layer of purple ambience bleeds out, and the three heads are swift and full of rhythmic singing.When they suddenly heard it, they seemed to sing their own spells. However, if they were careful, they would find that their three hummings actually had a sense of rhythm. Their original eyelids of different colors also blew a faint layer of purple.However, they were not the first to start.A huge silver light hammer fell from the sky. The length of this hammer was more than five meters, and the diameter of the hammer was two meters away. The sacred white exudes a hexagonal soft glow. When it comes down from heaven, it seems that there are sounding melody melody in the ears.In particular, around this silver-white light hammer, there was even a faint light of blood. After this attack, a bald one sat down on the ground. His face was better than Chen Yinger’s.Gao Yingjie's left-hand shield had a block on the top of his head and it was a loud noise. What a dazzling golden colour in his body was that of God.The huge silver light hammer broke, but Gao Yingjie's feet actually fell a half inch.At this point, the huge figure that emerged from the creature's door can already be seen clearly. That turned out to be an enlarged version of the evil eye.This guy's huge eye strain has a full body diameter. It is no wonder that it needs to be squeezed out of the creature's door. There are at least 30 tentacles up to 20 meters away from the body, and it is shrouding Gao Yingjie from all sides. Come. At the same time, "Its huge eyes, a layer of strong incandescent color rises" is like a circle of white halo adduct. The coercion of the terrible moment broke out.Evil Eye Lord, Level 8 Warcraft. Evil eye evolution.No one expected that Chen Yinger, who was not reported to be the most hopeful, even came out with a personal product explosion and summoned an eight-level Warcraft.The eighth level of Warcraft itself is equivalent to the human seven-order strong. What's more, this evil eye lord is still a special class of eight-level Warcraft based on mental attack.Gao Yingjie naturally feels the breath of the eighth-level Warcraft, but at this time he still dared not turn around because the feeling brought by him was even more dangerous than that of the eight-level World of Warcraft."Crack, air, gun." Wang Yuanyuan shouted. A huge silver light beam broke out, with Li Xiao, straight to Gao Yingjie. This is the full version of the cannon she can issue, at least more than twice as powerful as when she used to deal with Long Haochen.Just as her cracking gun came out, the tentacles of evil eyes arrived.Gao Yingjie made a deep sigh. At this moment, he actually made an action that everyone could not understand. The entire man actually sat down in the rear.A bright silver sky bursts into the sky. There is no strong element of light in this silver light, but it gives people a vast feeling. The air around Gao Yingjie’s body suddenly became thick and sticky. It was a sign that the magic elements of various properties had condensed.Under him, a distorted silver light appeared. A square silver box emerged out of thin air. There were many dazzling silver patterns on the box. Gao Yingjie sat back and sat on the box.The silver light rises into a huge beam of light. The tentacles that the evil eyelord rushes to shoot through this silver light are like electric shocks. They are afraid to touch it.A golden light flew out of Gao Yingjie's hand. "The original fine iron shield brought a soaring cry with the cracking air cannon.Compared with the shield of the giant spirit, Jingweidun is simply an underground one today. But under the huge gap of cultivation, it unexpectedly burst into an overwhelming power.In the loud noise, your fine iron shield exploded in the sky, but the bright flame that burned on it was abrupt and hard to dispel. Most of the power of the cracking cannon was dispelled. Only a small amount of energy could hit the body of Gao Yingjie. Part. All were melted by the thick silver light around his body.At the same time, the crisp, melodious sound resembles a musical buzzing sound. The crowd only saw the silver swept. From the silver box, first stretched out a pair of leggings, buckled Gao Yingjie's legs, and the silver under the leg was ejected. His legs were also buckled in. Sitting down, the back waist and thighs each had silver light popping up, including his waist and thighs.Accompanied by Gao Yingjie’s standing up action, Silver Light flew up and down, and the pleasing buzz continued. It was just a matter of counting time. A set of silver armor covering the entire body including a helmet already covered Gao Yingjie’s body. Inside. I have not eaten pork and I have never seen pigs running, but I have always heard about pigs.In addition to adopting children, the members of the other No. 1 hunting demons almost exclaimed in unison: "Military Base Troopers."The faint glow of the silver armor glittered like a stream of mercury, and the general viscous glow only spread within a foot of armor. However, it gives people an irresistible force of oppression.There is not too much gorgeous pattern on the silver armor, but it has a beautiful streamlined shape, each raised, each line is so perfect. All the above textures are linear, with straight lines, arcs, angular and mellow. It is a seamless beauty.What's more, in addition to the silver light of Jiaxuan, a blazing bright fire is still burning. When this body was worn by Gao Yingjie, the bright flame was like an outburst. There were thirty feet. How powerful is the thirty feet of golden flames. The tremendous pressure makes everyone feel weak and weak.There is no shield in the hand, and the grip is still the fine iron sword, but at this moment Gao Yingjie brings the feeling of Long Haochen and others to the mountains.The sharp shrill "Li" blew up at this moment. A horrible white light with a diameter of ten feet suddenly emerged and went straight to Gao Yingjie for bombardment.The evil eyelord's attack finally started. When the white light appeared, everyone had a feeling of mental confusion, because this huge light was passed by the side of the lunar month, so that the spells of the three heads of the lunar month were actually destroyed. The magic elements of different colors broke out of it and the bright moon twisted through the three heads. Three heads and six eyes glowed with anger in the purple light, despising the Lord of evil eyes.Gao Yingjie never looked back, but it looked like he had long eyes behind him. Peng Yu's bright flame suddenly swept behind him, and he actually condensed into a giant golden shield.There was no dramatic roar, only a toothy sound. The white light "The bright flame also dimmed a lot. The silvery vitreous halo around Gao Yingjie's body shone slightly and returned to normal.Mithril's pedestal trenches were created entirely from precious Mithril. Mithril is one of several rare metals that have the most affinity for the magical elements of the world. Even a small piece of a fist is worth a million dollars. Adding a bit of Mithril to any weapon will suddenly become a magic weapon. If you add a little more, you will immediately be a Demon-class weapon. And this whole body made entirely of Mithril, with at least seven different methods.Mithril's density is extremely high, so its weight is also quite amazing. It looks exactly like the silver armor of Gao Yingjie's body. Its own weight exceeds a thousand pounds! The Miyan pedestal trenches are the most central and powerful equipment of the Knights Templar. Only the finest Seventh Order Templars have qualifications for wear, but they also want to take chances.The Mithril base tactics had a total of 365 sets in the entire Knight Temple, and it took nearly three thousand years before it was completely cast. In some ways imitates the power of the throne of India and India. Each silver pedestal. It is a true legendary equipment. And it is the legendary equipment covering the whole body! All 365 sets of Miyan pedestal trenches have their owners. If the new seventh-order Knight Templar wants to wear it, it is not only to defeat the challenges of other Knights of the same class, but also to wait for an opportunity. Either there is a Mithril Base Cavalier challenging the promotion of the elite gold base knight, the original Mithras base returned to the Knights Templar, or is the Mithril Base knight killed or retired. Only in these circumstances can the Knights Templar gain this legendary equipment.Of course, there is another way to redeem with sufficient merit. In the case of redemption, it is prioritized first. However, the value of merit needed to exchange Mithril base tactics is definitely astronomical.Since the completion of the casting of 365 Mithril base pedestals, they have become a powerful force in the knight's temple. And never lost a set.Once the Mithril Base Knights are killed, the transfer magic that accompanies the Mithras base will be activated and sent back to the Knights Templar. Moreover, Mithras base has a strong self-healing ability, and it is very difficult to completely destroy it.At this moment, Long Haochen and others first saw the existence of this legendary equipment. Their originally intense warfare seemed to have been poured into the ice.Jin Guangyao, white light shot chalk shot. The Holy Spirit inspires again and falls on Gao Yingjie.