Chapter 52 My fool (I)Gao Yingjie’s voice is powerful and powerful. Each word is like a nail nailed in the heart of Long Haochen. “For the Cavaliers, the word is never taken in the dictionary because you are not alone. Combat. Robustness is always the quality you have to do."“What you need to strengthen now is mainly in the judgment of the overall situation and the command ability in battle. Well, to be a leader who convinces partners, you have to do a lot more. This is pressure, but also take the initiative. The next three months, I will not point to other people anymore. I only have one person to point to. What others have done wrong requires you to correct it. What other people need to do is for you to choose. Within three months, you must Become a qualified leader, qualified head of the team, and at the moment you become the leader of the rank 1 hunting team, your life will no longer belong to you but to the entire team.Similarly, in your team Each member also puts his life in your hands. This heavy responsibility requires you to continue to take on."Gao Yingjie’s words were heavy, and the atmosphere inside the car was arousing. All people's eyes fell on Long Haochen's body.Long Hao took a deep breath in the morning and slowly stretched out his right hand, screech: "Don't abandon, don't give up. I, Long Haochen swears here. Never give up any teammate, I will use my life. To defend the glory of the team and use my life to guard the security of each of you. My sword will point forward for you, and my shield will defend you against strong enemies.""Good." Sima Xian shouted and slammed his hand in Long Haochen's hand. Lin Xin and Han Yu reached out at the same time and piled on top.Wang Yuanyuan's hand slammed his hand and shot it on Lin Xin's palm, making him grimacing.Chen presses his hand lightly on Wang Yuanyuan's back and straightens his chest. "I'm not going to drag you back."The child's hand had already quietly stretched out from below, clinging to the dragon's palm.It was at this time that a huge claw came up and took her hand in the screams of Chen Yinger.Chen Yinger's efforts to look at this guy. However, the three heads of Haoyue unanimously twisted away, and their eyes were still floating on the top of the carriage. This would require more humanity in their humanity. Chen Yinger is very angry and wants to marry it.Long Haochen shouted loudly: "We are a collective, a partner who can trust the back."The people said in unison: "Do not abandon or give up.""Hey!" This is the voice of Haoyue...Looking at this scene, Gao Yingjie can not help but clench his lips. He seems to have returned to the days when his hunting demo team was founded 20 years ago. However, his partners are...Even Gao Yingjie did not expect that this group of young people he brought together could be brought together so quickly. There is no doubt that this is a good start."Uncle, hunting demons really interesting, ah! People also want to join the hunting demons it." Shi Xiaoxue looked at everyone enviously, whispered in Gao Yingjie ear.Gao Yingjie's originally passionate emotions were suddenly dispelled by a hint of strangeness and more shame, slightly pushing Shi Xiaoxue some, "have sat. Well, being a member of the hunting demons", you will work hard to practice, after five years ,still have a chance. ”Shi Xiaoxue eyes light up, "Uncle, so say you promised?"Gao Yingjie looked to the roof with his eyes, "Say it after five years."Although there were so many people on the carriage, there was a big man of Haoyue. However, the speed of progress is still very fast. Eight heads of Malaysian horses rushed to their full strength, taking a break every time, and it was not until late in the day that they stopped in a medium-sized city. A day's time, they actually drove out nearly 500 miles.Along the way, Long Haochen, each of them practicing spiritual power, the carriage is very stable, and Gao Yingjie, who is the strongest man in this class, naturally will not waste time. With each additional spiritual power, their ability to survive on the battlefield increases by one point.The city was clearly the first resting place for this operation. In front of the hotel where he was staying, Long Yuchen saw the same nine other carriages. Obviously, other newcomer hunters who started before them were also Rest here.The first benefit of being a member of a hunting mob is reflected. All members of the Holy Mongolian Demon Hunter can use the merit token in his left arm to stay for free at any hotel in the Temple Alliance. Gao Yingjie also told them at the same time that they could get a 10% discount on any auction site at the level of their rank hunting group. This discount will increase with the advance of their hunting demon group.The Hunting Demon Mission is the true elite of the Temple Alliance. It is reasonable to have such treatment. After all, they must often face powerful enemies. How can they not have good logistical support?Everyone was assigned to a separate room. After a simple dinner, Gao Yingjie took their respective homes to rest.Long Haochen took her child's hand and sent her back to her room. "You're tired of taking a day off, and take a rest early." Then he would turn and leave.When the child's wrists are turned, the dragon's hand is caught and the bamboo is thrown and the door is closed.Looking at her movements, Long Haochen felt a rapid heartbeat, and Jun's face was blushing. A man and a widow living together in a room are themselves a kind of jealousy.“Will you walk with me for a while?” Caier whispered.For such a request, how could Long Haochen refuse and hold her soft hand and say, "Yes." He took Xei'er and sat down on the sofa in the room. The two young bodies were together and felt. With the pale orchid fragrance with a very light but very quiet taste, the dragon's heartbeat can't help but get a little faster.In the carriage, although they are also sitting together, but after all there are many other people next to it, and now only two of them are here.Long Haochen couldn't help but lightly lift his arms and grabbed Caier's slender waist. Instead of resisting the children's refuge, Long could gently lean on his shoulder.Both of them cherish such kindness and warmth. Although Long Haochen had a fast heartbeat and a fever on his face, this feeling was really wonderful for him. He did not have any behavior that was to be carried forward. He only gently embraced Caier's waist. To be exact, he was only 14 years old and he did not even know what to do.Caier is his most precious treasure and he will never try anything.For a long time, Caier moved a little and sat upright. “What did you say to you today?”“Huh?”, Long Haochen sobered from the warmth of Ninglang. “He said let me take good care of you and protect you.”Caier slightly surprised, "only these?"Long Haochen said: "He still said that let me be the same as you, and call him his ancestor, saying that you have suffered a lot over the years."Caier's whole body was shaken and turned to Long Haochen. The voice was a little more hurried. "He really said this friend?""Yeah, what's wrong?" Long Haochen looked at her with a mischief.At the next moment, he saw that the children's eyes were moist, and Jiaoqu gently trembled and looked at her eagerness. Long Haochen felt very distressed and rushed into her arms. In, "I don't cry for picking children. What's the matter with you?"He leaned against his warm embrace, and Geer’s body trembled and disappeared. He gently pulled down the veil on his face and pressed his face against his chest with his arms around his waist."In the morning, do you want to hear my past?"Long Haochen softly said: "As long as you are willing to say, I will listen.",Caier's voice was light, but with a bit of jealousy, "I'm a boy without childhood. In the eyes of others in the Assassin's Temple, I was like a princess. However, if I could choose, I would rather be the most common person. The girl.""The heritage of our assassin sanctuary is not as simple as your knights or warriors. Everyone has the possibility to learn. Well, to become an assassin, you must have a very high sense and talent. It is also difficult to train an assassin. It takes much more effort than training knights and fighters. Therefore, in the Assassin's Temple, a secret law is gradually developed that can detect whether he has the talent for cultivation when a child is about three years old. Only those talents that are quite good, at least more than 70% chance of being able to become a qualified assassin's child, will be trained as an assassin sanctuary."Long Haochen was the first to hear that she had spoken so many things. At this time, he was a good listener. He gently listened to her and listened to her."When I was three years old, I was discovered that the spiritual power in the first day would be more than ninety at the time of awakening, becoming the so-called reincarnation of the constitution."After listening to the words of 匕 匕 皓 皓 皓 皓 皓 皓 皓 皓 皓 皓 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 一 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。.“It was from that moment that my nightmare had arrived.” The brilliant beauty of Cherré revealed a heartbreaking sadness.“The three-year-old child should have been playing with carefree parenting and carefree play. But I didn’t have anything with my peers. When I was three years old, I was only three years old. Zengzu was sent into a cold, dark cave. There are no relatives, no food, and a full seven days and seven nights. Accompanied by me, only a black sword suspended in the air. ”"I cried, I was mournful, I called Dad" and called Mom. However, until my voice was hoarse, until my tears flowed, there was no response. ”"I'm so cold. I'm scared. Even if I was only three years old, I could clearly remember everything at that time. No one came to save me, no one. Only I myself endured that cold fear... ”