Chapter 53 Night Warfare (I)The time of the meeting was brief. After the Holy Spirit had finished speaking, ten officers came in outside. They were the commanders of the ten infantry battalions. They each led a group of new hunters and went to the barracks to report their arrival. Since we have come here, then we cannot waste a little time.Seeing Long Haochen and Caier’s Taxi No. 1 hunting demons leave, Lanyanyu was excited to stand up and was pulled by the Holy Spirit, and the Holy Spirit shook his head seriously. The beautiful pair of blue study rain suddenly wet.Long Haochen was assigned to the Infantry Battalion. The battalion commander is a middle-aged officer who looks a bit like Gao Yingjie.“You are all elite in the league. You can join us for a while. I am deeply honored. I am a battalion commander Zhang Hairong.”Out of the conference hall, the battalion commander led the crowd to the barracks while doing self-introduction.This communication with people is naturally the responsibility of Long Haochen and smiled. Long Haochen said: "You are very kind to Zhang Yingchang. The Warriors who exorcise the Magic City are defending the country and defending the country. They can join a battalion. It is our honor to be right. From now on, we are the soldiers you took. "Although you told us to leave, I assure you on behalf of our rank-1 hunting team that although we are not soldiers, we must do so. Everything obeys the command. ”After listening to Long Yuchen's remarks, "Zhang Hairong's heart was called a comfortable one. He never expected that this teenager seemed to be so sophisticated.The Hunting Demon Mission is a dream for every member of the Temple Alliance. However, Zhang Hairong does not feel very much about the occasional involvement of the hunting demons. Although these days are proud of each person is at least four orders to repair, but he can command them?You know, Zhang Hairong himself is only a fourth-order warrior. Once these elites do not obey orders on the battlefield, not only will not have a good effect is likely to bring themselves a lot of trouble.Although the Holy Spirit has said that these elite hunting talents should be treated as ordinary fighters, can they really do so? Every hunting corps is the heart of the Holy Mongolian League. If there is any loss, he can not afford this responsibility. In private, the Holy Spirit has already commanded their battalion commanders to give priority to the security of these elites under any circumstances.In particular, Zhang Hairong felt even worse when he saw the class-one hunting demons he wanted to lead. In these people, except that the shaved head looks old, I am afraid that other people are not 20 years old. The smallest of these, are there eighteen? God knows how they became a member of the hunting demons. It is not necessarily a good thing that young people become famous, and it is likely that they will be proud.However, when he was worried about his heart, Long Haochen’s remarks were like a cold cup of hot tea in the cold winter, leaving him with no comfort.For military personnel, obedience to commands is the top priority. The young leader of Long Haochen was not only polite but also resolved the most worrying problems for him. This made Zhang Hairong immediately overjoyed, and at the same time can not help but secretly admire, "it really deserves to be an elite! Look at this realization.Long Haochen’s remarks were certainly not his own thoughts. Gao Yingjie yesterday told him what to do when he joined the army. At the same time, he also pointed some of the important issues in the military. Although Gao Yingjie’s reminder of Long Haochen will be as good as possible, with his recent comments, he will undoubtedly be more easily integrated into the infantry battalion and the new collective.Zhang Hairong smiled and said: "You are too courteous to the head of the dragon. I'm a savage man, and I'm kind enough to say anything. From now on," I'll temporarily aggrieize you as my pro-battle. . Your duty is to kill my enemy. ”Sima Xian could not help but ask: "Battacher, can you beat up beside you?"Zhang Hairong straightened his chest and licked his strong pectoral muscles. "You're right about this. We're under one camp and we don't have a bag. Well, let your brothers work hard with you." Then the first thing to do is It is to take the lead and you can rest assured that after you are with me, you will always be at the forefront.Facing the strongest enemy. "After listening to him, everyone can not help but respect. Zhang Hairong's meaning is obvious. Once in the battle, he will be rushed to the front. As the battalion commander, commanding a thousand troops in one battalion, he can bravely fight forward. How can he not use his life?"Yes." Long Haochen made a less than standard military salute to Zhang Hairong. Others also learned his appearance. Of course, the action was even more substandard.The infantry battalion was stationed at a place not far from the Dongcheng Gate. The Mozu people were strong and had strong military capabilities. If it is front-line combat, humans have almost no chance. Therefore, for many years, humans have always been the main defense. The most important natural defense is the infantry.Zhang Hairong gave them a barracks where ten people live together. Men and women do not seem to be suitable here. Because of the peculiar nature of the hunting demon mission, they did not send them the standard equipment of the military. However, everyone was assigned a clean infantry uniform.There can be no women's military uniform here. Wang Yuanyuan is still better. She is tall and tall and does not allow her to have an eyebrow. The military uniforms that can be worn on Caier and Chen Ying and Qian Geng are indeed some of them.At this time, Chen Yinger showed her other side. The girl actually carried a sewing kit with her and took a simple tailoring of herself and Caier’s military uniform to re-sewn it. It was only half an hour's work, and the two’s military uniforms. It is also considered a fit."I did not expect ah cherries, you still have this hand. No wonder Yang Wenzhao never forgets you." Lin Xin said with some surprise.Chen Yinger proudly said: "That is, this girl's ability is still more. Do not mention me guy Yang Wenzhao. Too lazy to listen to his name."Lin Xinyi smiled and said, "Well, no mention. Come, send medicine, and send medicine." As he said, he touched his hands and added several porcelain vases. Each person actually divided into two bottles.Sima Xian gave him a thumbs-up. "You really didn't have a white shout for your brother. Sure enough, what was this time?",Lin Xinxiao smiled and said: "The white bottle is a panacea, this name is still early in the morning. The yellow bottle is a strong pill. Huiling Dan can recover 200 spiritual power in a short time. About five to ten seconds Look like it.Every person's sucking force is not the same, when you first eat it, you calculate the time yourself.Dalimaru can strengthen the spiritual power of 500 points and continue to be a 20-point interest rate. I improved this thing and it is more effective than before. Well, unfortunately, my material is not refined, or else we will send you something.",Long Haochen said: "The last time you gave me the imposing Dan, I haven't used it yet." There are ten. Everybody first divided it. As much protection, the chance of survival on the battlefield is greater. ”Lin Xin had made a blood donation this time. Everyone's Hui Dan and the kind of bodyguard he called Daliwan had three. In addition, the dragon's morning break gave each person a bomber spirit. "Equipped with the medicine alone, I'm afraid that the other nine new hunting mobs don't add up to them.Han Yu Hehe smiled: "Who said no priest wouldn't work. Brother Lin's role as a potion pharmacist was stronger than that of the priest."Lin Xinyi smiled and said: "My brother has medicine. I can't just say this in my mouth. Old Korea, you have to stand behind, but don't let the enemy burst my chrysanthemum from behind."Wang Yuanyuan had a look in his eyes. "There is a drug brother, you are civilized.""Good, good." Lin Xin stood up and stretched out. "I'll wash my handsome handsome face. Hey, every time I want to find someone to worship, I go to the mirror.""Oh, shameless," Wang Yuan couldn't help but laugh at him.The arrangement in the barracks is naturally very simple. Ten beds, next to each bed, a very simple cabinet made of wood. "There is no doubt" that nature is the side of a man and a woman. Although Wang Yuanyuan and Chen Yinger are very dissatisfied with the same barracks, but it lasts only three months. Renren also passed.As they simply laid out their own beds, they saw a shocking scene.The child adopts her green bamboo stick stuck in a crack in the bedside and drags it to the bed of Long Haochen. Although she can't see it, the two beds are close together.It's too blatant to .... This is still in front of so many people...Not to mention them." Although Long Haochen has loved the children, he can't help but be ashamed. I don't know what to do.Sima Xian took a look next to Han Yu and whispered: "Can't you? Is the head and deputy headmaster going to give us a live performance tonight?"The two beds were merged.” The child's bedding on the bed was touched and touched. After a moment's reflection, he walked up to a bed. The green bamboo stick in his hand was thrown away and a sharp flash of light flashed across the wooden floor. The bed was immediately divided into a row of wooden sticks. The bamboo sticks swept one by one. "These wooden sticks fell on the edge of their Chinese bed.The speed of the children was shocked again by everyone. Everyone just saw a phantom flash. A wooden strip was inserted on the edge of the bed and the two beds merged together in a circle.Although the grounds of the barracks are not very rigid, but each wooden board that is more than two meters long and about half a foot wide is at least one foot deep and is very neat. This is the ability. It is totally feel and judgment. Without eyes, how strong can this perception be done?The bedding that had been taken to destroy the bed was also taken by her.Long Haochen had vaguely understood what she was going to do and hurriedly said, "I'll help you."Caier shook his head and said: "I'll do it."