Chapter 50 Mithril Base (on)Gao Yingjie released a glorious moment. The feeling of Long Haochen was the most obvious. He clearly perceives the light elements in the air as mad as Heinner is, rushing toward Gao Yingjie, and even vaguely sees a few subtle light spots.This is the second time Long Haochen has seen the body of glory. This is different from the first time. This time it was seen in battle. After this powerful skill is released, the caster himself has a feeling of qualitative change, just like his ontology became a giant light jewel, and he is madly absorbing the elements of the outside world and releasing it.Originally, Wang Yuanyuan was not injured by the earthquake. This is the role of Caier. Gao Yingjie could not go all out while resisting the shields of her giant spirits. This blood-borne weapon, which has reached indefinitely close to the realm of legend, broke out almost entirely. Not only did Gao Yingjie's stature shake, but he also was well protected. Wang Yuanyuan himself.Gao Yingjie's face showed a touch of fright. He felt that his epee was pierced. Naturally, although the body of glory and the spiritual power behind him resolved the offensive of Caier, the icy and sharp atmosphere was still somewhat invasive. He is in the body.What shocked Gao Yingjie even more was that the sentiment from China even made him feel the crisis.Thousands of white light burst out from the child's chest almost instantaneously. And all of this light was concentrated in Gao Yingjie without half spreading. A highly concentrated attack, coupled with the use of daggers in his hand, pierces again, and Gao Yijie’s repairs cannot turn around.The powerful Shengneng of the glorious body emerged at this time. Gao Yingjie's eyes changed momentarily, and a substantial golden light emerged through the body, and it was actually condensed into a golden armor. No matter if it is a Thousand Hammer or a dark gold dagger that adopts a child's handle, the sound of a series of gold and iron crashes falling on it cannot be reduced. The powerful anti-seismic force further promoted the immediate reversal of Caier's body. Golden armor, golden wings, Gao Yingjie at this time is like a large angel. Although this angel is not beautiful, but it is full of majesty."You can force me to use a shiny body. You are already quite good. Long Haochen took me." Even though he was attacked by other people, he was attacked by the Holy Spirit. Can not fight back. There is no doubt that the Holy Spirit's great role in the group battle has helped.Before stepping forward, he did not even look back at the attack on his adopted child. The radiant holiness condensed on the basis of the radiant body was not the eye and the fifth-order little guy could break it.The transparent, even some imaginary, golden flames rise up and this flame is not hot, but it gives a sense of stagnation.This is not the fire of the sun that Yang Wenzhao once used, but the skill of the Seventh Order Templar. It uses the light as the flame, and it needs to burn the horror skills of the spiritual power over 300 points per second. If you do not use the spirits cultivated by the sixth-order shimmering knight as a basis to restore the huge consumption, you will not be able to use it at all. In simple terms, even the simplest sword with an attack of the bright flame can display the power of the Holy Sword. The sacred flame and the radiant body are both seven-order Templar Knights' signature skills. "The fusion of the two is already a real strength of the Knights Templar.At this time, Gao Yingjie was about ten meters away from Long Haochen. The hand epee was pointing at Long Haochen. A bright flame ran like a chain of horses and rushed toward him. At the same time, a circle of piercing golden rings broke out from Gao Yingjie. Han Yu, who was behind him and was not far away, felt that his body was hot and his body was sent out far. Han Yu’s position was thus interrupted.As the seventh-order strongman Gao Yingjie’s perception, he is also able to compare with those young people in front of him. He has a clear and incomparable perception of everything that happens around him. Han Yu, of course, knew that the reason why he did not start with the first shot was to consume his spiritual power. At this time, Han Yu’s position was nearing completion, consuming more than half of his spiritual power. Under the impact of the golden ring of light, he almost lost his combat effectiveness. The golden halo itself is not aggressive. However, except for Long Haochen, everyone else has been pushed far. Even more frightening to all, because he saw that he was going to attack Long Haochen, Haoyue and Lin Xin were all working hard to release their defensive skills. However, under the golden ring of light, the elemental shield they issued was even so quiet. The sound disappeared.Lin Xin loses his voice: "The Element Kills the Light"The elemental annihilation halo is able to instantaneously dispel all magical moments below the seven levels, revert back to magical elements to return to nature, and is extremely effective in dealing with the summoned strong demons.The elements of Gao Yingjie's display of annihilation halo actually have a powerful thrust, just like resisting fire rings. What's even more subtle is that it's actually optional. Separately, Long Haochen stayed alone to withstand his attack.At this moment, the young people at the No. 1 hunting demons truly realized what was the strong.Without the help of his partners, Long Haochen was helpless, but he still managed to stay calm. The St. Michael's Shield is also magical and disappears in the annihilation of the element. He can do only now.Taking a deep breath, Long Yinchen’s golden liquid ring around the Holy Spirit's chest thrilled wildly. The arms under his clothes instantly became gold, and the golden liquid flow emerged, filling his hands instantly.Without the possibility of dodging, he can only clench his teeth.The bright sacred flame hit the shield of the Holy Spirit. It almost dyed the shield of the Holy Spirit into rich gold. If it is really to face the enemy, Gao Yingjie only needs to allow the bright flame to permeate instantaneously. This will allow opponents to become ashes. But at this time, he just wants to test the strength of these young people, naturally he will not make heavy hands. For Long Haochen who is the head of the team, he is most interested. This is the first place in the selection of the hunting mob, where is his limit?Clever control of the bright flame, as long as the dragon can not resist the trend of the morning, Gao Yingjie will end his attack.The Holy Shield's own defense is quite good, but it also surpasses the Shield of the Glorious Light before the dragon's morning. However, the bright sacred fire seemed to be completely unrestrained by its resistance. It immediately spread into the sky and scored the hands of Long Haochen.This time, there was no strong impact, but the pure light elements were burning like bamboos. Really come in contact with it to feel its heat. It was a kind of burning heart of Zhong Zhengping and Hao Hao, and Long Haochen's own liquid spirit met with a bright flame, and it turned out to be like its fuel. Although the bright flame only spread to his hands, Long Haochen felt like his body was burning.The Holy Spirit in the chest was clearly visible, and the liquid spirit in the inner body was uneasy. However, Long Haochen was surprised by some surprises that he did not feel any danger with his own perception.Long Haochen did not feel dangerous. At this moment, Gao Yingjie felt a child.When he dispelled all the magic with the elemental halo and other members of the No. 1 hunting demon corps, the bright sacred fire attacked the next moment on the dragon's morning shield. An eruption of the killing moment broke out behind him.The child's long, purple hair was windless and she flew away behind her head. Her auntless eyes were completely gray. A dark blue halo popped out from within the body, and the dark gold dagger disappeared. Bai Zhe’s even pale hands spread slowly across the sides of the body as the arms were lifted.Outside the dark blue halo, the air within a range of five meters in diameter turned completely gray at this instant.Others may not be able to feel what the gray is, but Gao Yingjie can be surprised to discover that what came from behind was actually a near-substantial killing.Even if he is now wearing the glorious holiness of the glorified body and the burning of the sacred flame, he still feels cool. That blasphemy meant that he was full of light and he felt a moment of silence.Almost immediately acted, Gao Yingjie turned instantly, and he also saw the scene of Cai Er's misfortune.This seems to be how a girl with blindness has such a horrible breath, which has completely surpassed her own fifth-order cultivation!Fortunately, the dragon's holy trance had just been interrupted by his bright flame. Otherwise, Gao Yingjie is facing greater dog trouble at this time.The cold feeling of Sen made Gao Yingjie fall to hell. If this is the enemy he faces, then he will certainly not hesitate to choose to attack the first time. However, it was not the enemy that stood opposite. Her horrible murderousness was expanding at an alarming rate. The gray area around the body is also growing.It was at this time that all members of the division-1 hunting demons were like springs that were strongly squeezed. Crazy broke out.The reluctant Wang Yuanyuan once again rises into the sky, and in the hands of the giant spirits, the shield shines incomparable silver light. The huge spiritual power mingles with the wild spirit quickly rises, even with her big eyes. A touch of silver.The giant creature gate was finally opened at this moment. This time, it was no longer a sheep. The first to appear was more than thirty slender tentacles that were dark and ink. The tentacles shot out of the chalk, and the air passed was intense. Distorted. A round body was actually squeezed out of the creature's door.The evil eye above the head of Han Yu was originally preparing to attack Gao Yingjie, but in the moment when this huge body emerged from the creature's door, he was dodging behind Han Yu in a fierce tremble.