Chapter 52 My fool (center)"My consciousness gradually blurs. I'm getting numb to everything around me. I'm only three years old and I don't even know what despair is. But then, everything in my body is as cold as the outside world. I hate them, I hate ancestors, hate my father, hate my mother, hate everyone, why, why do they want to leave me in that place."Speaking of this, Caier was so broke down that Long Haochen had never imagined that she had such an experience. For a child who is only three years old, this is how painful and miserable it is. No wonder it is no surprise that the current pickers are always cold, and it turns out that everything was derived from that time.Long Haochen only felt that his heart was so painful and painful. He tightened his quarrel with her and forced her to hold her on her leg, followed her tightly. He wanted to use her own warmth to infect her. Her body and heart are cold.Caier also followed him closely. The outbreak of inner fear made her return to the cold and damp place, full of cold and dark places. Her nails even slammed into the muscles on the back of Long Haochen. Her body was almost shrouded in shivering. Can not calm down for a long time.“From that moment on, father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, and great ancestor were just a code name in my heart. I hate them and I can't see them as my loved ones. I hate them and hate why they are so selfish, Even if everything they did was for the whole temple union, but "have they ever thought of me? From that moment onwards, I was no longer their loved one, but a cold weapon, a more razor-sharp weapon they wanted to build. ”When Cai'er reopened, perhaps the warmth of Long Haochen's body cooled her cold and her body's trembling gradually calmed down, but her voice was still crying and complaining, full of sadness and anger.These words, she has been in the heart for more than a decade, at this time finally confided out, she just felt that her heart was also comfortable with it."A full seven days in seven days. When I was about to fall into a coma, I saw a black figure. It seemed like a mist. It got into my body. In desperation I got into a complete cold. After that, I didn't know anything.“When I wake up from the cold, my family are surrounded by me and I see a surprise on each of their faces. Heard that they are talking about reincarnation and reincarnation. Names. From that moment onwards," I also have a black and a sword in my body. And on that day, I lost my sense of smell. And I later learned that my coma lasted for two years. When I woke up, I was five years old. ”Long Haochen sucked a cold air. "Is it your power that day?"Caier nodded softly, "Reincarnation, ranked first in all known spiritual furnaces. Attacking class. Before me, it was owned by only one person, who was the ancestor of our Assassin Temple. He was called the son of reincarnation.The sword of reincarnation was his weapon.With the hob and sword he had attacked the first devil of the generation of the demon god.The son of the ultimate reincarnation died in the hands of the demon god, and the devil The Emperor unexpectedly died shortly afterwards. "The biography is located in the next generation of Demon Emperor. At the time of the alliance’s distress, it secured a buffer time. "At this time, the mood of the child seems to have gradually stabilized, but it is still holding the tightness of the dragon's early morning. The tender buttock's little hip is sitting on the dragon's morning thigh softball. But because of Long Haochen, she is also immersed in her. The sadness was ignored."Reincarnation is extremely powerful, especially with the sword of the reincarnation of artifacts, capable of bursting with unimaginable lethality. The son of reincarnation of that year, only after entering the 9th order, the total amount of spiritual power within it is less than 200,000. The king was a superpower with nearly a million of his spiritual powers. With the reincarnation and reincarnation sword, he was able to suffer both defeat with the Demon Emperor and became the legend of our assassin's temple.""But the practice of reincarnation is also a huge price to pay for the reincarnation," said Xei'er. Her mood seemed to have been bleak."In order to gain approval for reincarnation and reincarnation, we must first have the constitution of reincarnation, that is, an assassin with more than ninety spiritual powers in the first day. Under the influence of the reincarnation, my spiritual power in the first days or even the end At the top of the hundred points, ah, to really use the power of the reincarnation, in addition to constant cultivation, the body is also subjected to constant trials and even torments, and my six senses have been lost since then. ”“The first is smell, then hearing, then taste. The most frightening thing is the time when feelings and touches are lost. When I couldn’t feel anything and feedback, I couldn’t even control my body. I was totally in a cold state. It took two and a half years for the place to gradually recover, and the sixth thing I lost was vision. So, I can't see you now.”While saying, Caier took back a hand from the back of Long Haochen, gently stroked in his face.Long Haochen's heart shook. He has always known that he is not only gifted on the road to cultivation but he has worked hard. However, compared with the experience of the children, what is the result of self-employment? How many tortures have been adopted by Caier have achieved today's achievement!"Several times, I really want to keep going. Especially when I can't move when I'm lying there for two and a half years. I really want to be crazy. At that time, I just felt that I was indecent, since there are It is not as good as death to die with so much torture, but when this idea comes up, a foolish figure will appear in my heart.One has no ability at all, but in order to protect me from being covered with body, Face the strong enemy and come forward for me, willing to resist all fools for the person I just met.""It was this fool who planted a warm seed in my heart. Well, relying on the warmth of this seed, I felt that I had something to love, and I was looking forward to the day when I could repay it. It was this support in my heart that kept me on hold. Whenever I was tolerated by the reincarnation, I thought about the fool who protected me when I lost my sense of taste and ability to speak.”"You, that fool. That foolish fool. My fool."Speaking of this, tears flowed again from the eyes of the children, but the tears at the time were no longer pain and sadness, but they caught the only tears of warm happiness.Long Haochen said: "You, you were the little girl?"Caier suddenly burst into laughter. "You're a fool. If it weren't for meeting you, how could I send you back when I met you on that day?"Long Hao said: "But we all grew up. I didn't recognize you! How did you recognize me?"Chern gently touched the Forget-me-nots ring in his hand. “You seem to be retrieving the weapon in the ring that day. I must have gone.” But suddenly I felt the vibration of forget-me-not.I took it with me since childhood, and I was too familiar with it. Then I let you pull my hand and confirm that it is really. Then I asked your name again. How could you not know that you were a fool? You are still so stupid, to see a strange blind woman, it is necessary to help me. ”"It turned out to be this way. I said how could you suddenly change your attitude on that day." Long Haochen suddenly realized this.Picking a fool's way: "I didn't really expect to see you so soon. I wanted to wait for the last round of reincarnation to come back to you. I don't know what you will be like, but, The warmth you brought to me, I will give it back to you. But you just appeared in front of me. Perhaps, this is fate."“Do you know what? It was my happiest period of time. Every day waiting for you to send me back and take a short road. You are holding your hand. The warm seed in my heart seems to be taking root, when you When I was told to protect my life that day, I knew that I finally had my loved ones and I was no longer alone. Only by your side could I feel that I am a person rather than a killer weapon.”"Of course you are not a weapon. You are a human being. You are my son." Long Haochen hugs her tightly, as if she were afraid to lose her.Caier closed his eyes, and then nestled in the arms of Long Haochen. He was infected with the warmth of his body. Her breathing sounds gradually and she fell asleep in her arms.Huddled in the arms of Long Haochen, she was so quiet, her long eyelashes were still accompanied by some crystal tears. Some pale Qiaolian had a touch of pink that seemed to come from warmth. Smile.She slept so heavily that she didn't move quietly after Long Haochen gently put her on the bed. Long Haochen wanted to leave for this, but Caier held tight and tight. He was not willing to go so far. Looking at her peaceful sleeping face, Long Haochen's heart was only soft.He carefully handcuffed the child's hand and wrapped the quilt around her cheongsam. Then she lay down and took the child in the quilt so that her head remained in her arms, so that the two would not There will be too much physical contact. He does not want to take a trace of harm, even if it is a little waking.Caier’s longing for warmth in Long Haochen’s heart has surpassed his dedication to cultivation.Gently kissed her forehead. "I will always be your fool."To find a partner, you will always see the heart, a good heart, a motivated heart, and a heart filled with responsibility. Far more important than money. Accompanied by the growth of quality stocks, I have always considered it to be the most perfect. It does not depend on how much the future can get, but on the process of enjoying quality stocks.