Chapter 57 The Three Great Devils (I)In the face of the tyrannous double-edged sword, Long Haochen used one of the strongest attacking skills to defeat the sword.After the repair was upgraded to the fifth grade, Long Haochen also had a qualitative change in the understanding of fighting the sword. In particular, after learning to continuously block, it has deepened many insights in leveraging force.At this time, his whole body was like a golden whirlpool. With the help of the power of the attack of gold and double-edged swords, the body's rotation was fast and it was almost impossible to capture with the naked eye.The vast golden fog is caused by the blue rain and the Hibiscus of Light spreading out too fast. Gritty friction sounded constantly. Although the gold pattern double-edged demon lord is extremely powerful, but its body can not be compared with Long Suichen's two-handed sword in the end, two thick forelimbs continue to wave and resist at the same time "has already been traced by Long Haochen's double swords. .Looking at this scene before the eyes, the Holy Spirit is a bit sluggish.Fighting and killing a round sword is actually fighting to kill a rounding sword. Perhaps most people do not know this skill, but how could he not know it?Memory seems to have returned to 20 years ago at this moment."Dragon Big Brother, you are awesome! What's the name of this trick? How have I never seen before?""You're a little tryin, go back and work hard, or your grandfather will have to kick your ass.""Large brother, you haven't told me what this call is. Can you teach me, okay?""Well, you go back and practice well. When you break through the fifth rank, I will hand it over to you. This is my self-requesting knight skill. The name is: Fighting and killing a round sword. The secret to victory is that although you are an assassin, you are also a two-handed weapon, and you can learn it barely.""Wow, that's great. I must break through fifth-order this year.""You are willing to work hard, but also save your grandfather always hate iron without steel. However, you have to remember that the skill of fighting round swords is suitable for your assassin as a final strike, with good convergence in front of you. If used directly, your assassin’s own defenses are weak. And weapons are not as long as our knights. "It's easy to show flaws."The words are still heard, as if it were what happened yesterday. However, that tall, majestic figure has not been seen for many years.The Holy Spirit suddenly felt some sour eyes in his eyes, and the group of golden light seemed to have become more dazzling."Dragon Brother" "How are you doing? Why haven't you seen so many years?Fighting and killing a rounding sword, this dragon dragon will actually use the fight to kill a rounding sword. Wait, he, he surnamed Long, is he...When I think of it here, the Holy Spirit feels that the whole body is full of cold hair, and the whole person trembles like a shock.If, if he is really a dragon's big brother's child, how can I let him fall into such a dangerous situation!Yes, Long Haochen is already in extreme danger just after the Holy Spirit's blasphemy.The gold pattern double-edged magic lord was even more powerful than he imagined, and the superior attack speed of the swiftness round sword plus the method of leveraging the force, although the strength of Long Haochen was exceeded. However, the gold-patterned double-edged sword that he faces is not the sixth-order Mozu, but the sixth-order peak, which is only one step away from entering the seven-order strong existence.The gold-patterned double-winged Lord of the Blades was suddenly blocked by Long Haochen, and fighting the roundabout sword did bring a lot of trouble to him. However, when it was slightly stable, a pair of forelimbs broke out with unparalleled terror.Yes, Long Haochen's battle to kill round sword is good at leveraging, but when the power he has to rely on is too strong, "How much can he borrow?The gold-tone double-edged sword and a pair of fore-limbs slammed upwards at the same time. In the fierce collision sound, the golden light group of Long Haochen was thrown into the air. In the air, Long Haochen had a sweet throat and could not help but spurt a bloodshot.The force that grips the terror is as if to shatter his body completely! General.The golden and powerful double-armed magical hind limbs suddenly slammed down and pushed its huge body to chase after Long Haochen. A pair of razor-shaped forelegs had already been raised. If it was really to make it full of dragons, it would be able to To resist, I am afraid that Long Haochen will also be hit hard."Yeah" soon as the screaming anger was heard, it was a bright moon.Red, gold and cyan, three rays of light are spouting at the same time. It is like three arrows and strong light. Three rays of light converge in the air and slam into the solid body of the golden double-edged sword.How great is the body of the gold-lined double-edged sword, and it cannot be dodged in the air. The three condensed lights emit a faint layer of purple ambience. The knife devil was directly bombarded from the air, and there was a large crack in the chest shell.However, among the three heads and six heads of the bright moon that sent out this strike, the light was gloomy.At this time, the Holy Spirit moved.After discovering that Long Haochen seemed to have a relationship with Dragon Brother in his heart, he did not hesitate to hesitate. The dark shadow was like a dream in the night sky. No half metallic luster appeared, and the black halo was almost fleeting.The moment of the decisive, so that the figure in the range of dripping into ice.That is the real murderous gas that affects the temperature of the air, and it is the speed at which it is terrible.How could a broken breastplate have been able to block the extremely sharp impact?In the next moment, a pool of dark green liquid suddenly emerged from the back of the double-edged sword, and its huge body fell to the ground.Assassin's single attack is always the most powerful among the six strong powers of the temple. Not to mention the fact that the gold pattern double-edged magic is still attracted by the dragon's morning and the lunar month, the Holy Spirit is the seventh-order strongest player, dealing with this A gold double-edged sword is a natural kill.Overlord stab. If you pick here, you must be able to feel what the Holy Spirit is using. Overlord's thorn not only has a strong attack power, but also has a strong impact, the gold pattern double-knife magic fell directly on the ground body out.At this time, Long Haochen also just fell from the air, and Haoyue struck a leap to pick him up from the air.Long Haochen did not hesitate to swallow an erythrocyte that had been caught in the fingertips. It was the jasper body pill that Lin Xin called a strong pill.A layer of crystal clear blue green surfaced on the surface of his skin, and Long Haochen only felt that his own strength was greatly increased. At the same time, Xiaoguang released a holy mask that also fell on him and healed the guilty wound."How are you?" The voice of the Holy Spirit pilgrates in the ears of Long Haochen.All this is slow to say, but it can actually happen in a very short time. From Long Chenchen's display of fighting and killing the rounding sword to his back to the moon, only a few breaths. The gold-tone double-edged sword demons lost at the same time, did not affect the glorious angel Knight charge.Both sides of the army have already been slammed together at this moment.After long-distance assault on the Glorious Angels, the huge metal wings behind them slowly stretched out on both sides of the body. With the help of this pair of huge wings, they even reduced the weight of their own mounts. The front of this double metal wing is more like a sharp edge. Under such an assault, powerful powers broke out instantly, tearing up the bodies of the Mozu people. The heavy knife in his hand rushed out with the tyrannical spirit. The impact of the Mozu army broke up instantly. The blade pointed to it.The Glorious Angel Knight is the elite in the exorcism. The three thousand knights can be said to be the most powerful knight team in the entire Exorcist and even the Enchanted Mountains. Three dry knights! It is not easy for even the Knights Templar to gather such a force. It is impossible to get help from the Knights Templar by changing other temples. Who gave the best relationship between the Assassin Temple and the Knights Templar?Moreover, behind every glorious angel, there is an assassin who hides the dark thorns of an assassin's temple. They are also the fifth-order cultivators. Not long ago, Gao Yingjie once said to Long Haochen and Caier. The riding and punctuation showed off on their body.The Assault of the Glorious Angels has been able to solve all the fifth-order Mozu, even if there are fish that escape the net, it is impossible to escape the attack of the Night Assassin. Once there are five or more opponents, you will immediately see at least dozens of dark shadows rise at the same time. On the battlefield, the power of the individual is ultimately small, and in the face of dozens of full-scale attacks by fifth-order assassins, even if it is a seven-step powerhouse, it is difficult to sustain without strong equipment.In this moment of collision, at least tens of thousands of demons were brutally smashed by the Knights of Glorious Angels. Killers are countless."I'm fine." Listening to the voice of the Holy Spirit with concern, Long Haochen replied subconsciously.Although he was a knight, he was more adept at magic. The knight's charge was not what he was good at. But since he has already rushed out, he can only go all out."You just listen to me commanding the rush. Don't stay away. When you come across an enemy, I'll take it myself." The Holy Spirit's heart sank slightly."Yes." With the words of the Holy Spirit, the pressure on Long Qichen greatly reduced. He rides on the rapid advancement of Haoyue. There are always Mozu people in front of him, but as long as he is a fourth-level or more Mozu, Long Yaochen will be around. There was a cold chill and a burst of violence, and no one Mozu could stop him half a minute. As for those who cultivated the low nature, they became part of his merit. At this moment, Long Haochen suddenly felt that the line of sight in front of him was a bit obscure. The Mozu army that had originally crashed with them seemed to have collapsed. There was an open field ahead."Be careful, the inhabitants of the land inhabitants." The voice of the Holy Spirit suddenly became cold.