Chapter 53 Night Warfare (Part 2)As she spoke, she slowly turned around, clutching Fang Fangchen tightly, burying herself in his arms and shaking her body violently.Long Haochen looked at her tightly and his heart was as painful and painful. Since she knew the history of Cheriel, he deplored her deeper."After, when, when, when, when, when ... ..." a series of piercing metal collision sound came from outside, suddenly, noisy sounds outside, it seems to be a lively up.Han Yudao said: "This is an order for the barracks."The eyes of the crowd can not help but look at Long Haochen, Sima Xian Road: "Head, deputy head of children's mood is so unstable, or else, you will not go.""No." Long Haochen looked very happy. "I promised to take Chang Yingchang and obey orders to listen to the command. We are now a soldier. How can we not execute the military orders? We will protect the children and we will go."Cherr also stood upright and grabbed the green bamboo stick. Her face seemed to have completely recovered from peace in this short time. "I'm fine. Let's go. Go to **."Long Hao had dropped her head in the morning but once again picked her up and squeaked on her forehead, whispering: “You have me at all times. Even if it is just for me, you have to live well. I only hope that I saw my children happy and happy.""Yeah." Geeer gently nodded. Take care of Long Haochen's hand."We go." Long Haochen greeted his partners and pulled Caier quickly out of the barracks.Outside the barracks, the battalion's soldiers were fast and swift. The officers and men’s cries and sounds rang from time to time.Zhang Hairong was standing in the open space in front of the barracks. “This barracks is a battalion. At this time, he is an outfit. He is wearing a heavy frame and his hands are holding a cold and sharp blade. The eyes of the soldiers looked astute.Long Haochen hurriedly took his partner to the front of Zhang Hairong and performed a military ceremony for him. “The battalion commander and the pro-squadron seven people report to you.”Faced with the war, at this time, Zhang Hairong may not have the same kind of gratitude as before, and said in a cold voice: "Behind me, line up and wait with him to kill the enemy.""Yes." Long Haochen promised to speak with friends and stood behind Zhang Hairong.Their seven-person high and short dwarf, "and there are three girls who looked so young again, suddenly caught the attention of the battalion's soldiers. Especially from the front of the battalion, they were shot from time to time." Curious eyes.The fact that the newly recruited demon corps came to the trial of Exorcist City is highly confidential. It is not what these lower and middle-ranking officers can know.Soon, all the soldiers of the battalion had completed their battles. Although the weather was dark at this time, the entire battalion was a tight lineup with no panic.The weapons of the soldiers were long and heavy, and there was a leather arm in addition to the uniform. Some officers wear chain mail on their bodies. It is only Zhang Hairong who owns the board.Seeing that the soldiers assembled, Zhang Hairong shouted: "Brothers" These days, Mozi's free-spirited offensives are extremely aggressive. Today we must debut in advance. Other Laozi did not say more about it, and went to the city wall. "If anyone dares to make a turtle, he will destroy my honor as a battalion. Don't blame Laozi for this big axe. Do not recognize anyone. Set off.",“Kill, kill, kill.” The battalion of the battalion raised his weapon high and snored three times under the watchful eyes of Long Haochen's seven people. “Then proceed immediately and proceed in an orderly manner towards the head of the city.Zhang Hairong’s words are not much, but from the immediate situation it can be clearly seen that he has absolute control over this army. Obviously, these soldiers were not on the battlefield for the first time. The vast majority of them were only first- or second-order fighters with a certain amount of spiritual power. However, the crazy warfare in their eyes was immediately felt by the Dragons and the Dragons. There will be a bloody atmosphere on the battlefield.Zhang Hairong ran with a pair of big axes at the front, followed by seven dragons in the morning. The arrangements on the road these days have been well remembered by everyone. Take the shuttle matrix forward. Long Haochen is at the front, Wang Yuanyuan and Sima Xian are on the left and right, and Han Yu is closing. Cherr, Chen Yinger and being a magician to Lin Xin in Central China.Although Chen Yinger and Lin Xin are summoners and wizards, their bodies are spiritually good at all times, and they are stronger than ordinary first- and second-order fighters. Run at this time, there is no problem with keeping up with the team.Soon afterwards, under the leadership of Zhang Hairong, they headed from the side of the city wall to the head of Exorcist City. For the first time, they came to the strongest defensive place in the exorcism area. "Long Haochen was astonished and the wall was too high." The overall thickness is 100 meters. He can't see the thickness, but he can clearly feel the heavy feeling of the party.Deafening screams, screams, collisions, and sounds of gold and iron continue to ring in the direction of the city. It was finally the first time to get on the battlefield. Long Haochen was struggling with a bit of Xing Qi in tension.Soon, Zhang Hairong had taken them to the top of the city.The two-handed tomahawks were left in the left hand, and Zhang Hairong grabbed a soldier who was carrying the rolling stone. "What do you do for the battalion?"The soldier shouted: "The enemy at the head of the city."Zhang Hairong smiled and said, “If you like this, go and tell you the battalion commander. We have arrived at the battalion and we have changed our defense. Let your brothers go on a rest and let the dead devil’s son be given us. The first battalion’s brothers, Something with Lao Zi, "while talking, this sturdy Han rushed toward the front of the city with his big axe striding forward.Long Qichen, who is now seven people who are now pro-military soldiers, naturally dare not neglect and follow Zhang Hairong quickly. At this time, they were all on the battlefield for the first time. It was impossible to observe everything around them at the same time. Shocking at the moment of the magnificent battle scene, the blood in the cheeks also seemed to boil.The width of the city head is a hundred meters away, and a large number of defense materials are piled on it. The head of the city shouts and kills one, and the frontmost blood continues to shoot, and the shouting and killing suddenly becomes much larger.Zhang Hairong quickly rushed to the front of the city. Suddenly, a Zelin double-edged sword, about 1.5 meters in length, emerged from the head of the city and waved a pair of sharp forelegs toward a defending city soldier.Zhang Hairong burst into a thud, like a thunderbolt, with his left foot slammed into the air, and a pair of big axes bowed. With a bang, the Zerin double-knife became an instant piece.The soldier who had been saved by him had already taken a full-blown blood and turned to look at Zhang Hairong. He took a thumbs-up and turned his body to his back."The brothers of the six camps can withdraw, and the defensive missions are given to us." Zhang Haibi shouted, and a pair of giant axes spread out, rushing to the front of the city like a meat grinder, and there was always a leap forward. Mozu, the head is an ax.The battalion soldiers quickly went to an important position in the city. Some of them were able to resist strong enemies. Some of them helped the six battalion soldiers to assist the wounded. The whole process is orderly.Special medical personnel rescued the wounded and the entire exchange process lasted for less than half an hour.Standing on the head of the city, Zhang Hairong suddenly felt a warm body and a more war-like spirit. At the same time, the spiritual power in the inner body of the body became more intense. When you look down, you find that you have a light white layer on your body.Long Haochen came to him and dressed in a Holy Spirit suit. The white light was emitted from him.Not only he, members of the rank-1 hunting demons, but also all ready for battle.Standing beside Zhang Hairong, Long Haochen looked down at the city. What he can see is a full range of Mozu. The largest number of them is the Zelin double knife magic. A large number of double-edged swords are constantly climbing to the city with their sharp forelegs. City-headed soldiers are defensively tight but orderly with various defense equipment such as rolling stones, kerosene and beech wood.The Mozu army can't see the margin at a glance, and a large number of double-edged swords are smashed down, but these demons are really tough, and if they aren't attacked, they can all be re-initiated. The war on the city’s head is fierce.Zhang Hairong has a double axe and a double-edged sword. He told Long Yao Wu Dao: "Guardian Knight?"Zhang Hairong said: "Don't worry about any professions. Kill me with me. The more you kill, the better."Long Haochen turned to his partners and said, "Wang Yuanyuan, you are protecting Cherrie, Sima Xian, and you guard Lin Xin. Han Yu pays attention to treatment and coordination. We fight side by side."Defending the city is not rushing in. "Their shuttle-type battlefield is naturally useless. Fortunately, the formation of the battlefield with the enemy.A layer of golden smoothness rippling out from the dragon's morning, eight gold runes quickly spread, covering about 20 meters in diameter.All of a sudden, everyone had a golden mist rising, and it was like a knight using his skills.This is one of the two guardian cavalry tricks that Long Haochen chose in the St. Paul's Treasure Pavilion. Expend the spiritual power of one person and help all partners increase their spiritual power by 30%.At this time, Long Haochen fully demonstrated his strong auxiliary ability. He gathered the spirit ring, added the Holy Spirit guardian and added another guardian gift. The three aura-level range-enhancing skills completed the overall increase instantly.At the same time, his right-handed Holy Spirit sword was a little forward, dozens of white lights flashed, and when the three heads of the two-edged swords at the head of the Morton suddenly became sieves, they fell.With the help of Long Haochen, Sima Xian shouted, "Killing--" the hand was like a black dragon waving, and he did not use his skills. His powerful physical strength broke out completely. The double-handed magic that was coming up was bombarded with minced meat.Wang Yuanyuan’s You Yousheng Sima Xian, this girl stepped directly onto the battlements and took the shield from the giant spirits. For a time, they did not have the ability to double-knife in this direction.At the time of the defense exchange, Zhang Hairong had a pair of Tomahawks and was very busy.” With such a few breaths, he found that he was no longer under pressure. On the front, he occasionally flushed up to two or three cats, left and right wings. All the enemies of the dragon were taken over by Long Haochen, and this section of the city, which was about 20 meters long, became clean and clean.