Chapter Fifty-fifty Meritorious Division (2)Haoyue was crouching on the edge of the bed for a moment, and he fell down on one side. The closed eyelid C and three heads and six eyes all exudes a touch of purple light. But all spiritual energy is full of intrinsic. Only Long Haochen can vaguely feel that it is also in cultivation.It's rare to be able to directly operate spiritual power to cultivate. The vast majority of Warcraft are based on their own natural evolution. It was not surprising that Long Haochen did not have any research on this aspect.Immediately after Long Haochen entered the company, suddenly, there was a rush of footsteps outside. Immediately afterwards, the voices of “砰, ​​砰, 砰” rang."Dragon's morning is not in? The military commanded you to report immediately." The loud voice sounded, and everyone who had just entered the state was awakened.Long Haochen's brow furrowed and he jumped off the bed and put on his uniform. The other people's eyes were thrown at him. Long Haochen told everyone that he had a slightly safe gesture and went to open the barracks door.A full-armored chain-locked warrior stood in the doorway. It looks serious in his 20s."Hello, I'm Long Haochen."Looking at the youth in front of him, the soldiers dressed up slightly, especially the look of Long Hao Chen Junxiu was amazing. He had a military ceremony to Long Haochen. “Please come with me. The military commanded you immediately. Go to report.""Good." Although Long Haochen did not know what it was, he still returned to a military ceremony."I will go with you." Caier did not know when he had come to Long Haochen.Long Haochen smiled a little and said: "Nothing, you go to rest. I reckon it will be back in a minute." Then he turned and walked out with the soldier.Picker stood there, eyebrows wrinkled, until the footsteps of Long Haochen could not hear it completely before closing the camp door.Sima Xian sat in his own shop and murmured, "It is no human nature to wait for the military department to call someone so late."Lin Xin laughed: "Maybe it is a recognition of our performance today."Under the leadership of the soldier, Long Haochen once again climbed the head of the city. The rich chills mixed with bloody smells, apparently during this period of their withdrawal, the fighting in the city became fiercer.The soldier did not take him to the front line of the city and entered the wall and drilled a three-meter-high door from the back and up the stairs. Embark on a two-story tower.Having not boarded the tower, Long Haochen clearly felt that the huge magical elements were moving in a crazy manner. These magical elements have various attributes, but none of them are violent.Stepping into the tower, Long Haochen saw a shocking scene. The first thing I saw was the thousands of magicians. A magic of magic is continuously released from the front, and the magician at the rear keeps up. Ten groups of magicians continuously release magic. There is also a large number of priests and guardian knights ahead.Looking into the distance, you can see a giant mask that shines with golden light. I don't know when the exorcism has been covered. No enemy has been able to climb the wall. However, the outside of the Mozu army was swept across the globe, and even the air was a dark and oppressive enemy.Violent roars continued to ring. A huge group of golden light bombs pelted from under the tower and blasted a huge gap in the Mozu army.Too shocked the dragon has a kind of speechless feeling in the morning. Whether it is a Mozu or a human being on such a battlefield, how small is it!The soldiers took Long Yuchen to the middle of the front of the tower in the middle of the Cretaceous city. Long Yuchen saw at a glance the Holy Spirit who stood there commanding a command of the Holy Spirit.The spirit of the Holy Spirit looked awe-inspiring, and his eyes sparkled in the coldness. Even if he had more than ten meters from him, Long Haochen could feel the sinister intention of killing him.At his side, there are at least dozens of people who will make it. The breath that everyone emits is quite strong. Far compared to the fifth-grade dragon's morning.“Report. Long Haochen brought it.” The soldier who led Long Yuchen almost shouted the simple words with stern words. The roar of this place is too big to be so. Even he himself can hardly hear his own voice.The Holy Spirit was slightly inclined at the corner of his eye. He scanned the dragon's morning and pointed to his side. However, his order did not stop at all.Long Haochen came to his side and stood firm. A military ceremony was performed toward the Holy Spirit.The Holy Spirit did not look at him at all and continued to command the war of defense."Let the Sky Knights retreat. The Summoner collectively summons Flying World of Warcraft for a while.""The newspaper, the chief, the Knights of the Glorious Angels is ready.""The newspaper, the night stab is ready."When the Holy Spirit's eyes light up, one of them will stern and say, "Cover my place and cover them. These magic crickets won't give them heavy losses. They won't stop there.""Do you want to go personally?" the name would look at the Holy Spirit with surprise.The Holy Spirit nodded his head and said, "As a commander, how can we not take the lead in firing morale? Rest assured that I have a sense of proportion.""The blue rain." Holy Spirit shouted."Subordinate to it." A blue-and-white magic robe's blue dragonfly strides over from a distance. When she saw her, Long Haochen could not help but startled her heart. This was Caier’s mother. However, when she was seen in the bed by Lan Yuyu, she could not help but feel a little guilty. Have a gift.Lan Yu rain did not see Long Haochen at all, but looked at the Holy Spirit with some worry.The Holy Spirit sighed: "While I will lead the brilliant angels and night ejaculates and smash them, after we rush out, the magician regiment will no longer save magic and cover our wings. The demon cannon covers the air. At the same time, they send people to the air. Please elder brothers and they are ready to meet us.""Yes." Lan Haoyu paused his hand and took a little stance and took a mage ceremony.The Holy Spirit's heart turned to look at Long Haochen. "Come with me." His voice was cold but clear. It sounds like summer suddenly swallowed a piece of ice. Although some cold but it can stimulate morale, but also let the mind become particularly clear.Just to confess this sentence, the Holy Spirit turned and strode away. There is no soldier to follow.Although Long Haochen did not know why the Holy Spirit suddenly called him, but the Holy Spirit was the highest military command of the Exorcism. How could he command Long Haochen to disobey? Rush to keep up.Before Long Haochen was on the side of the city from the exorcism gate, the Holy Spirit took him in the direction of the exorcism Guanzhong Cretaceous.After going down here, it is a large open area dedicated to the military.It is already late at night, and there is no moon tonight, but the magical light that occasionally lights up in the air will bring some light to the city.With those Xu Guangliang, Long Haochen vaguely saw that there was a large amount of metallic luster on the open land below.The movement of the Holy Spirit does not seem to be fast, but Long Haochen needs to run in order to follow him. He noticed that the distance of the Holy Spirit is very far from each step, and the whole person is like sliding on the ground.Under the watchtower, Long Haochen gathered his spiritual power on top of the two gongs and immediately sucked in a cool air.Under the stimulation of spiritual power, his eyes were a bit cool, and his sight became clear. Only then did you see what the metallic luster that was reflected by the magical light was.A majestic tall horse was wearing a thick black armor, and the armor covered almost all of their bodies. These tall heads are really strong. The height is nearly ten feet, and the length is over ten feet. It is the first time that such a mammoth war horse is seen.The knights riding on horses are equally strong. Under visual observation, each of them was at least two meters away. It was also a black heavy leg. The armored armor seemed to be connected with the armor on that tall horse. The man and the horse were integrated.The most peculiar thing is that behind these tall knights, two huge wings are erected in the sky. The wings are about three meters in length. It seems to be entirely cast of metal, connected to the back of the knight on the back of the knight, erected like a two-handed heavy knife pointing to the sky.Each knight has a heavy knife of up to ten feet in his hand. The length of the knife handle occupies one-third of the total knife. The width of the knife blade is one foot wide and extends forward. There are three shuttle-type blood slots on each side. Smooth red water penetrates into the sharp edge of the water.At this time, a large number of infantrymen were carrying ladders to withdraw from these tall Malaysians. Obviously, the installation of such a knight requires many logistics personnel to work together.Deep in the night, Long Haochen couldn't see the number of knights, but he vaguely saw that immediately after the horse was tall, except for the strong knight, it seemed that there was still a man behind. It was only that the figure was thinner than that of the Cavaliers, almost completely obstructed by the knight's majestic body.The Holy Spirit came to the forefront of the ranks with the dragon's morning and the right hand raised. Suddenly, a golden light rose into the sky, bringing a light to the darkness.All of a sudden, the cavalrymen who were still slightly audible quickly calmed down. Because the line of sight was blocked on the ground, Long Haochen still could not see how many people there were in total.“The glorious angels and the warriors of the Dark Thorns. The ferocious konjac are attacking us to expel the Exorcism. We have never lost our homes to our rivals for thousands of years. Our commander will be your forward and lead a bloody road. Pointing directly at the enemy."Three metal roars sounded at the same time. Without the knights speaking, they all use their heavy knives to pat on the chest of a solid and honest committee.