Chapter 57 The Three Great Devils (center)Long Haochen's heart was shaken and the two swords in his hands were lifted slightly. A thick flame of gold suddenly blew away from him. In this bloody night, this golden flame is like purifying the sacred light of darkness. It instantly illuminates everything around it, and it is accompanied by a fiery atmosphere. Even the bloody smells around it seem to have been purified. a lot of.This skill Yang Wenzhao once used, after the repair to break through the fifth order, Long Haochen also learned from the father's inheritance ring to this powerful discipline Knight skills.The fire of the sun is extremely consuming spiritual power, but it is a powerful offensive and defensive skill. Yang Wenzhao could not hold too long while playing this skill, but Long Haochen had more advantages than him in this respect. With the constitution of the child of light, his consumption is much less when he uses the fire of the sun. What's more, he also had Xiaoguang's assistance and Lin Xin's medicine.Long Haochen once faced the intrinsic inhabitants of the Yi people. At that time, he was just an invisible man. He almost took the life of Lin Jiayou. The eyes before him even made him feel embarrassed, but also on the battlefield. The number of invisible invisible people can be imagined.The Mozu army can't stand the front and can't resist. This is where a large number of invisible people intend to weaken the strength of the Knights of the Glorious Angels by means of assassination.The Glory of the Knights of the Angels was clearly not the first time on the battlefield. In the past, the Mozu had accumulated some experience in dealing with them. After all, this is a combination of knights and assassins, and at this time they have been out of exorcism, there is a certain distance, the true czech eyes of the priest do not shine here, the powerful hidden ability of the intrinsic inhabitants of the savage will definitely make knights and assassins We all have a headache. The strong men of the Night Thorn can also dodge with their own speed and hidden ability, but the Glorious Angels are a distinct target.Long Haochen's eyes were slightly slanted, and the entire person's mental state had risen to its peak. The thoughts suddenly moved, without hesitation, the blue rain of the left hand and the Hibiscus of Light released a lightning stab to the left.The radiant effect of Hibiscus was released immediately, and thousands of light enveloped a large area.A series of crackling sounds began to appear in "叮, 叮, 叮, 叮 ......" and an illusionary figure appeared looming in the sight of Long Haochen.The fire of the sun was instantly mobilized, and the lightning thorn was followed by a light sword.Ordinary light sword attack is not strong, can be accompanied by the light sword of the sun fire, power can even be comparable to the glory. The dazzling golden flames flashed into the giant blade.With a bang, a full-scale gray Mozu has been split into two halves by Long Hao Chen and his body is broken. It was a dark place. It was the result of bright burning darkness.However, this is only the beginning.While Long Haochen resolved this inhabitant of the Yi nationality at the same time, at least there were three directions at the same time."At this time," Long Qichen played a decisive role in the ability to exercise from the ants' crypts.Most of the intangible inhabitants of the Qiangzu are above the fourth-order level. “The dragon’s sword instantly transforms into numerous lights in the hands of the Dragon Spirit. It can be clearly seen that a cluster of white luster continues to bloom before the Dragon’s morning.” Each time the white light shines, it will There was a buzzing sound, because it was the front of the charge. The number of invisible inhabitants of the Yi people that Long Yaochen faced at that moment was also the highest.At least seven or eight invisibles are siege at the same time. However, Long Haochen's double swords fluttered, actually resisted all attacks, and did not reveal half flaws. At the same time, under the burning of the fire of the sun, these invisibles left traces more or less.Light properties are the most restrained for the Mozu, which is dominated by darkness, and the fire of the sun on Long Haochen's body is extremely powerful. In a series of intensive collisions, the vast majority of weapons in the hands of these invisible persons have been red-hot.The red light of a circle spreads momentarily, and pushing these invisible persons with a sudden weakening of the attack force is a fire-resisting ring of fire.Immediately afterwards, Long Haochen had a double-edged sword, and his hands broke swords. The light sword with the fire of the sun is not at all able to resist these invisible ones. Suddenly he died like a wheat cut.The Holy Spirit has been watching Long Haochen for fear that he was sneaked by invisible ones. He could see that Long Haochen's response was so good that he could not help secretly scared.How is this perception? It was even better to be able to feel the location of the invaders of the Yizu inhabitants. As for the fire of the sun used by Long Haochen, he did not feel surprised. If Long Haochen is the child of his dragon brother, what is the fire of the sun?The intrinsic inhabitants of the landslides have as many as several thousand. The gleaming knights of the Knights in Charge are bursting with shrill metal bumps from time to time.These invisible people are indeed poetic. They are like the assassins of the Assassin's Temple. They specialize in finding flaws and they are very fast. Even a knight wearing a plate armor is not without flaws. Therefore, the speed of the Assault of the Glittering Angels was suddenly reduced by a few minutes. The knights, with the dark thorns behind them, could only resist these invisibles with their perception and judgment.The Holy Spirit's brows wrinkled, and she replied, "It seems that something is wrong. The Mozu did not know when we rushed out. How can we quickly hide the invisible view of the Dong? Is it that they had long been plotting?"At the thought of this, the Holy Spirit only felt a slight sinking in his heart. A bright golden light suddenly threw out of his hands, swiftly shouted to Long Haochen, “went to the left, and drove away the devil.”As a commander, although he is not sure whether his judgment is correct, the Glorious Angels Knight is the elite in the exorcism and exile. The purpose of his trip is to give the enemy as much as possible a chisel-style blow. While killing a large number of enemies at the same time, they were shocked by the Mozu. At the same time, it also gives buffer time to exorcists' magicians, pastors, and fighters.The situation in front of the eyes can be quite unfair. The inhabitants of the Shezu inhabitants appear to be moving too fast. "They even just rushed into the Mozu army soon. They have not produced too much lethal force and they have slowed down because of these invisible people. The greatest advantage of the Shining Angels is that Speed ​​and impact. Once the speed is reduced, then the impact naturally decreases. There were at least hundreds of thousands of troops in the Mozu army. If they were surrounded by one another, the speed would not be able to rush. Even if their 3,000 individual combat abilities were strong enough to cope with the night's thorns, they would probably stay on the battlefield.Therefore, the Holy Spirit would rather be cautious and would not willingly continue to rush forward. At this time, the sky is too dark. It is difficult to see if the enemy is arranged.Long Haochen will not question the orders of the Holy Spirit at all. With the extraordinary perception and the fire of the sun, invisible ones can hardly hurt him.Luyue quickly rushed to the side according to his instructions. Due to the distinctive characteristics of the sun's fire, the Knights of the Backlit Glorious Angels naturally found it easy to follow.However, it is obvious that the number of invaders of the Yizu inhabitants of the Mozu group exceeds the prediction of the Holy Spirit. Even though the Knights of the Glorious Angels followed Long Yuchen’s turn, they were attacked by a large number of invisible people. They were like being trapped in a quagmire. The speed continues to decrease.At this moment, all of a sudden, with a low spell, Xiaoguang slammed his head backwards, and a ball of light that glowed with illusion of glory reversed backwards.The next moment, a faint white light spread in the air, spreading at least in the range of hundreds of square meters.In mid-air, a white eye shines. Suddenly, a large number of gray figures appear below.Really chalky eyes? Turned out to be the eye of true chalkiness?While the Holy Spirit was shocked, he could not help but admire the strange mount of Long Haochen.The three heads of Haoyue have been using magic all the time, and it is like a human being to have a tacit understanding with Long Haochen. At this time, how could the cleric learn the skills of releasing the real chalk eye? How shocking is it?In many cases, it is not the greater the power of the skills, the greater the effect. The real chalk eye is just a third-order magic that can be used in front of this situation. It is a true snowstorm!The strength of the inhabitants of the Shezu inhabitants is only about fourth order, and the knights of the Glorious Angel Knights are not only the fifth-order strongmen, but also well equipped and equipped with the help of the assassins of the Night Spurs. Once these invisible persons reveal their stature, it is a bloody slaughter.Hidden inhabitants within a few hundred square meters were all turned into pieces in almost the next instant. At least 200 knights of Glorious Angels were liberated."Long Haochen, let your mount continue to focus on the real eye of chalkiness. We lower our speed." The Holy Spirit decided to take the lead. Without addressing these invisibles, their retracement was too slow, and the Mozu army had rushed over to this side again."Yes." Long Haochen promised to speak, and Haoyue stopped. One by one, the eyes of the real Chalky, constantly spew out from the small light mouth, illuminating the rear. A large number of invisible persons are constantly turning into a part of earth and blood in the glory of the knights of the angels.It was originally a knight who had been puzzled by Long Haochen and Haoyue as rushing forwards, but it was full of joy. This is a recruiter of the General Lover! There was even a mount that would cast a real eye of the Chakra, which was so important for the Glorious Angels. It is not the first time that they have suffered losses on the inhabitants of the Yi people. Although Xiaoguang can only use his real eyes.However, its casting speed is extremely fast, and the coverage of this skill is already very large. Having its presence is enough for the entire Knights.