Chapter 55 Merit Divided (I)The power of the Holy Spirit was uncovered at this moment, and the dark blue light blade that descended from the heavens was affected by the Holy Spirit's influence on Betta's flying demons. It was forced to make a turn and went straight to Long Haochen. When it turned, it was less than five meters from Zhang Hairong.The shield of the Holy Spirit protects the body and makes a loud noise. Long Haochen's body was crushed from the air by hard living.He was in a state of assault and he could not use God to parry. Fortunately, this is just an ordinary beta flying demon. Long Haochen landed but was not injured.Betta Feimo was under the influence of the Holy Spirit, and dive down momentarily. Dozens of windblades that glowed with blue and black light focused on Long Yuchen.The most pity of beta flying is its speed of attack. The wind attribute makes it extremely fast, whether it is flying or attacking. And it uses talent skills. Almost all prompt. Strong attack power, all attacks are still dual-attributes. Attacks are often launched from the air.The red light flashes in front of the dragon's morning and it is Lin Xin's elemental shield. His defensive magic is not only defensive, but also with fire cloud crystal, casting speed is very fast.The shrill whistle sound continued to blow up in the air, and the flying blade of the Beta Flying Demon was completely shielded by the elemental fire shield.Beta flying devils are not stupid, they have inherited their wisdom is not low. Seeing the situation is not very good, this Betta flying magic wings show up, they intend to escape to escape.Unfortunately, it cannot go.As it swooped down to attack Long Yuchen, it was already within 25 meters of Long Hao morning. Holy inspiration stove, traction start.At the same time as the fifth-order, the dragon's morning boat St. cited the soul furnace is naturally unable to pull the Beta flying demon, but the delay is enough.A huge shield shone with a fierce glow, and a flash of light flashed from the side.The beta fly's magical skull cast a dark halo of light in an attempt to resist these two attacks.However, both Wang Yuanyuan and Sima Xian used their best efforts.In a loud crash, the airborne beta flying demons made a shrill scream. The left wing has half broken.The priest's Light Hammer damages the Mozu. Will it directly offset the defensiveness of Betta's devil, and is it that the shield of the giant spirit of Wang Yuanyuan is so good? Fortunately, this beta flying devil is powerful enough, this is only broken half. But the half-wing break has made it impossible to maintain balance. The body immediately came to the ground.Dark golden light bursts into the sky. Zhang Hairong, who had just woke up from the shock, only saw the petite young girl's green bamboo stick on the ground after the dragon's morning. The next moment the bamboo stick bent, the entire person had risen to a height of twenty meters. in. Immediately afterwards, the phantom dark gold flashed alternately seven or eight times in the air. That silhouette was accompanied by Betta's flying demons descending from heaven.Didn't let this beta flying magic fall to the ground, Lin Xin in the hands of Huo Yunjing, a circle of flame aura trapped in the body has become the body of the Beta Feimo, back to the next moment also disappeared in his cow fork Store ring.Behind the scenes, even the elite warriors who had just been on the top of the armor could not help but look back and watched as a beta flying demons fell away. They were also shocked.Those who are ordinary infantry battalions? When did the infantry camp have magicians and assassins?Long Haochen they have already followed Zhang Hairong and the soldiers of the infantry battalion to retreat. At this time, the infantrymen looked at their eyes all changed, clearly with a bit of awe.Because of their participation in Long Haochen, the number of casualties in the Infantry Battalion today has been drastically reduced, but the number of dead in the infantry is no more than 10, and no more than 50 have been injured. This is unprecedented. You know, the fastest reduction in the battlefield is their low-level infantry."Brother, thank you." Zhang Hairong patted the shoulder of Long Haochen and laughed heartily.Long Hao Chen said: "We are your pro-arms. It is our duty to protect you."Zhang Hairong took a deep look at him and compared him to his thumb and withdrew all the infantry and withdrew from the city. At the same time as they withdrew, they could see that there was already a golden light in the sky. At least hundreds of knights riding a flying mount joined the battlefield. Their goal was precisely that they had just been killed by Long Haochen. They killed one of the Marcusiyas.Long Haochen did not notice that when they were withdrawing from the head of the city, Meiluo, which had a series of complex emotions in the tower, always followed them. Until they completely disappear.On the upper floor of the castle, the sacred spirit of the Holy Spirit stood in the middle of the building and looked with great ambition. An order was issued continuously, and the entire exorcism gate was running at a high speed like a sophisticated machine. A series of arrangements have been made for the mad attack of the Mozu army.A total of 1,100 magicians were divided into ten groups, which in turn released magic under the command of Lan Yuyu. Immediately after release, go back to the back to save magic. There are also 20 guardian knights here to release the same Harmony Aura as Long Yuchen to assist them.With the heavy firepower bombardment of these magicians and magic guide cannons, the siege of the Mozu suffered heavy losses.With the elite fighters appearing at the same time as the exorcism, there is also a special army with a population of 3,000. They are all dressed in light leather. Everyone is short-handed with their hands and walks over the head of the city. Once the powerful Mozu rushes to the top of the city, it immediately assists the elite warriors in launching attacks.This is the power directly belonging to the Assassin Temple. Only the Assassin Temple can mobilize such a large number of middle and high level assassins at the same time. The repairs of these assassins are at least fourth-order. They are the mainstay of exorcism.Under the Exorcism Gate, Zhang Hairong led the soldiers under his command to quickly return to the barracks. The wounded were sent to the wounded. After the deceased was registered, special logistics was responsible for removing the cremation."Go back and hurry up and take a rest. God knows how long the monsters will attack. Maybe we'll be on the battlefield again soon. Dismiss."The infantry dispersed in an orderly manner and went back to the barracks. Most of them left their eyes and could not help but fall on the seven-person team behind Zhang Hairong. Many soldiers compared their thumbs. Especially those soldiers who had received increased and protected Han Yu and Lin Xin.Long Haochen raised his chest in the morning. At this time, he seemed to have a burning fire in his heart. Only by truly experiencing war can we feel the cruelty of war and the feelings of robe. The soldiers did not express anything to them in words, but their gestures and eyes had already explained many things. Long Haochen knew that they had truly won a battalion's recognition after this class-one hunting demons group passed this battle.Zhang Hairong turned to look at seven people in the morning and smiled and said: “You are all good. Go back and clean your body and rest early. Things on the battlefield may not be accurate. You may not be able to rest for a while. Once the most fierce battle took seven days and seven nights, our garrison sharply reduced to less than 10,000 people, which defeated the Mozu army. But that time Mozu also suffered heavy losses for a full three months. We did not harass us again. It was said that the single was the eighth-order strong and the damage was as high as more than twenty.""Yes, the battalion commander." Long Haochen's military ceremony was obviously a few points.Zhang Hairong sighed. "You should always be my soldier in the battalion. How good is it? But I'm afraid we can't live together for too long." After he finished this sentence, he turned away and his eyes were full of regret. However, he also knows that the elite of the hunting demons is not what he can do. Outside each barracks there is a small room dedicated to washing. In fact, they need to be cleaned. Only Long Haochen, Sima Xian, and Wang Yuanyuan are the top three. The other four were basically free of any dirt.Ms. First, the first nature is Wang Yuanyuan, then Sima Xian, who is the head of the dragon's last cleaning. He told everyone not to rest and have something to say to everyone.Soon after, the trio had cleaned and closed the door. Long Haochen said: "Today's battle in the city has improved the degree of understanding. I have two things I want to discuss with you. The first one is After observing orders, after all, we are in the barracks. Obedience to orders is the first element of soldiers. Once we violate orders, even if it is to kill more enemies, I am afraid it will cause dissatisfaction with the military. Therefore, we must ask people to exercise restraint. ."After all, Long Haochen was young and he had not been a long time since he became a group. Although everyone has become more convinced of him, he has not yet formed a true authority. Therefore, when he speaks, he also pays attention to measures and tries to be as euphemistic as possible.Sima Xian touched his bald head and said: "It was a bit killing red eyes. I review."Wang Yuanyuan gave him a look and said: "I don't care what the military orders are, but I listen to you.Long Haochen's performance on the battlefield is well-known to everyone. For the sake of the team, he gave up the ability to use the disciplinary knight. He has been restoring the spiritual power through the Gathering Halo. Everyone takes care of the overall situation. The more the team core looks like. The atmosphere in the entire team was very good. Although Wang Yuanyuan was reluctant, he was very convinced of the young man who was even younger than himself.Chen Yinger vomited his tongue and said, "I can't listen to orders if I can't do that!"Three people have stated their position. As for Caier, Han Yu and Lin Xin, naturally, there will be no problem.Long Haochen smiled and said: "Thank you all. In fact, this is the case. I thought carefully about this. It was three months that we came to exorcise the Trials and Trials. This is also the process by which these new recruiting demons gradually took off. And finally when we leave, the exorcism army should give us an evaluation.Regardless of how well we perform, once we do not obey orders, it will probably lead to a reduction in the evaluation of the military. This will be less favorable for us to compete for the rankings of team games. ”