Chapter Fifty-fifth Merit Dividing (Chinese)As time progressed, the advantages of Long Haochen's delicate thoughts gradually came out. As the head of the team, he thinks naturally more than his partners.“The second thing is more important to everyone. I want to discuss it with you. Although I haven’t conducted a probe yet, judging from this battle, among us, it’s me and Cai’er whom I’ve earned more meritorious service. Sima Xian and Wang Yuanyuan, however, Han Yu, Lin Xin, and Sakura are also equal in terms of team contributions. However, our achievements are not balanced. I feel that the strength of a team is not only Personal enhancement: The increase in overall strength is the most important, and the value of merit is related to our future improvement. If only those of us who are ahead of us receive more merit, the value of the merits of the assistant partners will not go up. This is not fair to them, not only that, if we have partners who are injured in the future and need to heal for a period of time and can't get the merits at all, what will happen? Will we be left behind? This problem is something we must face. The sooner you set the game, the better. Everyone talks about their opinions."This is the top priority for Long Haochen to say. There are two main ways to get merit scores, complete the task of hunting the magic task tower and kill Mozu. There is no doubt that the latter is the simplest and straightforward. In the next three months, they will have to use this method to obtain merit scores. If you are affected by different merits in the team, you will not feel comfortable even if the supporting partners do not say it.This time, Caier, who barely speaks at ordinary times, spoke first. "My opinion is the same as the morning. His decision is my decision."The position of the deputy head of Caier is actually equivalent to none, but no one dares to ignore her opinion. Before the face of green or double-edged magic monster, when she hit the kill, Long Hao Chen is the mainstay of the team, she is the team's most sharp weapon.Sima Xianhe chuckled: "Head, I'm also trying to raise this issue with you. There is a drug brother who has been responsible for defense in the back. This guy will not even attack. If he doesn't think of a solution, he can get a fart feat. Ah! I don't have any opinion. Advantage is of course a good thing, but killing Mozu is my favorite."Wang Yuanyuan also nodded and said: "Barely, we are a team and a whole. You know how to deal with it in the morning. Let's set a new charter and do it later. I asked for it. Try to be fair to everyone."In this case, Han Yu will naturally not make any comments. He is the obedience of Long Haochen and is mainly responsible for assistance. Lin Xin and Chen Yinger naturally do not have much to say. The crowd's attention once again focused on Long Haochen.Long Haochen breathed a sigh of relief in his heart and nodded and said, “I’ve really thought about this before. The original sister was right, we are a whole. My opinion is very simple, and we focus on all merit values. Encounters that have made a tremendous contribution to the team, and then rewarded by other partners to perform merit scores. Also included are injured members."Split? Hearing these two words, everyone’s looks suddenly changed. Wang Yuanyuan was a bit surprised and Sima Xian was admired. Lin Xin is grateful. Chen Yinger can not wait to shout loudly: "Long live the head." She also called out before the iron arm demon bears to participate in the war. But the guy was so heavy that he was shredded by the Mozu before they retreated. The number of double-knife demons actually killed is not much, and the value of the meritorious service she brings is estimated to be ten o'clock. This is because the first ten double-pole demons have a little merit."Master, I can't count." At this time, Han Yu spoke.Long Haochen said, "Why?"Han Yu calmly said: "I'm your obedience. And, when calculating team merits, I can't calculate in the team. It will affect the promotion of the entire team. As your obedience, to serve you is What I should do. Not to mention the fact that I have obtained great benefits under the influence of the contract. How can we do every other thing?"Ever since he knew more about Long Yuchen, Han Yu has now placed himself in a very positive position. It's no wonder that he did so. With the help of his deeds, his spiritual power was raised to 80 points in the first day. From 60 to 80, it seems to have improved by only 20%, but in fact, he clearly felt that his practice speed was doubled. The perception and perception of light elements is much stronger than before. Having obtained so many benefits, he naturally will not be extravagant."No. You are defending chrysanthemum. No matter what you obey, you and everyone fight together. The contributions you make are obvious to all. If you evenly divide everyone equally, I will not accept it."This is Lin Xin. He immediately expressed support for Han Yu. For the entire team, Lin Xin's greatest role is currently in his production of medicines. Han Yu’s role is even greater. He chose to learn treatment skills for the team to make up for the lack of true priests, while at the same time guarding and assisting in peace. There is his evil partner of Warcraft. With Han Yu's strength, changing a new hunting demon group will certainly be the status of the core knight. And now he is working as an assistant in the definitive corps. Everything he did was in the eyes."Yes, we must be divided together. Han Yu's brother, we are a family." Chen Yinger waved her fist and she benefited the most from Han Yu. After completing the call of the creature's door, Han Yu has been guarding her side. Lest she suffer any harm. The little girl can only look in the eyes.Sima Xianhaha smiled and said: "Well said, we must divide points together. At the very least, my meritorious deeds must be given to you. If you are there, how many complaints I will have! Why do you say by head of the team? Merit. Come, divide me first." As he said, he picked up his sleeve directly.Wang Yuanyuan shrugged his shoulders and said: "I have no opinion. What meritorious values ​​are clouds. In the early morning, you call the shots."Long Haochen looked at Han Yu with a smile. "You have heard it. I don't need to say more. Just do it. This is an order and the objection is invalid."Han Yu, who had something to say before, heard the last sentence of Long Haochen. In the end, she finally took back what she wanted to refuse. He licked his lips. He didn't say anything of gratitude, but he only had more in the depths of his eyes. what. Men, using actual actions to prove more than a mouthful of guns.Long Haochen took out feats to test gems. The gems were bright yellow and hexagonal.Pulling up the sleeves and revealing merit tokens, a little spiritual power was poured into them, and the round meritorious token suddenly lighted up. Long Haochen affixed the gems and quickly revealed his merit score."Forty-seven." This is the value of all the merit he received in the first battle. The reward for the merits of the game was spent on him. Most of the dragons killed in the morning were double-edged swords. This merit score included the results of Haoyue. A total of almost 380 double-edged swords were killed in an hour-long battle.Caier took the initiative to reach out to Long Haochen in front of his arm. “Take me away.” By testing gems through meritorious tests, as long as the testee agrees, he can directly perform meritorious service transfer.Spiritual power injection, adopting children's white arm's general meritorious deeds on the arms, and the dragon's morning will be affixed with meritorious gemstones, and his arm will be affixed from the other side.“Twenty-five.” This is the number of meritorious Xueer’s exploits. The next moment he transferred to the Dragon’s Meritorious Token.You know, Xei Er only killed a total of two Mozu, green double-pole demons and beta flying demons. The green-green double-edged sword is a ten-point feat, and the flying flying monster is up to fifteen. It can be seen that the advanced Mozu contributed more.Next, everyone transferred his feat to Long Haochen.Wang Yuan was 36 points worth of merit, and Sima Xian was 31 points. You know, both of them are not Warcraft-assisted, and this number is actually killed out.Chen Yinger is 11 o'clock. Han Yu also missed three or four. Lin Xin is naturally nothing.Long Yuchen had the most meritorious feats. Almost all of them were credited with Haoyue. The three heads jointly released magic and had a powerful long-range destruction.In the end, all the people’s merit scores add up to a total of 143 points. With an average allocation of 20 points per person, the extra three points will be temporarily stored in the morning of the morning of the dragon and will be distributed next time."I want to break through to the fifth level early in my cultivation and cultivation. I can learn a lot of skills." Sima Xian groaned and went straight to his bed. Sitting cross-legged and sitting there directly began practicing.Others also returned to their own beds. Wang Yuanyuan and Chen Yinger finished their own temporary huts. Although they were simple, they were able to block other people's sights.Long Haochen took Caier's hand and returned to their “home”."We also practice it." Caier whispered. After that, sit down on the inside bed and practice it.Long Haochen had a slight glimpse of her, and her heart felt a little lost. He really likes to pick the child."Fools, cultivation is the most important thing. We, we will..." The son of a child with a weak mosquito-like sound rang in his ear. The last few words were so light that they didn't hear clearly when Long Haochen had such a good hearing.Long Haochen sat down next to her, gently touched her hair, and felt the fragrance of Qierer's scent. She sat cross-legged and practiced.