The fifty-fourth chapter of the tacit understanding (below)Long Haochen did not use the revenge of light to launch a powerful attack. He was the core of the team. In the face of the Mozu attack, he wanted to ensure the combat effectiveness of the entire team. How could he waste his spiritual power?In a loud crash, compared with the green and double-edged swords, the dragons who appeared so small were actually struck with her huge body in the morning. What was shocking was that the powerful green double-edged sword was actually knocked out by the impact, and the embarrassment of it was on the battlements."I'm coming." The cold voice sounded in every member of the No. 1 hunting demons, causing Wang Yuanyuan and Sima Xian, who were originally preparing to support Long Haochen's attacks, to dispel the same idea.A dark golden light flashed. Just in the moment that the green double-knife demolished after the body hit the battlement, it broke into its hardest skull.The light is just a flash and a charge. The green, double-edged sword that was originally prepared to bounce and continue to attack has a stiff body and the next moment it is crashing.Zhang Hairong's eyeballs, which are not far from the rear, almost fell out.That's green, double-edged sword! The physical ability is extremely powerful, the equivalent of the green five-handed mankind of the fifth-order man of mankind! So dead?The hardest part of the green double-knife is the long knife's forearm and skull. However, hidden beneath the skull is its central nervous system. When the central nervous system is minced instantly, how can it not die? Not only is it dead, but the body is still very complete.Not to mention the unbelievable look of Zhang Hairong, even if it was the person in the heart of Long Haochen also full of shock. He once faced the green double knife devil, naturally know this guy's tough. However, this time it only lasted for a few moments and was killed. This is obviously not a green, double-edged sword that becomes fragile, but a powerful force for himself and his companions.There is no doubt that it was the adoption of the child that gave the green-green double-edged sword a fatal blow. She never had a shot in the previous battles. It was like a shadow behind Long Yu. It was not until that moment that the shock was issued. Increase her own merit by 10 points instantly.The value of exploits is not so good. Gao Yingjie explained in detail the way and value of obtaining merit scores on the way to the exorcism.Among them, when slaying Mozu, the ordinary double-pole devil kills a little merit. However, this only lasted for ten. After more than ten, it will keep increasing the merit score by killing ten double-edged swords.After all, if you want to be a member of a hunting team, the double-edged sword is really easy to kill. The first ten are just for the welfare of newcomers.The green double-pole magic is a constant ten merit score. In other words, no matter how powerful they become in the future, killing the green and the double-edged swords will receive 10 merit points. This is the difference in evaluation.Of course, at this time, Long Haochen could not calculate the merit time. Long Haochen stepped forward one step, the right hand of the Holy Spirit sword to the green double-knife magic body next plug, and then forced to pick. The green body of the double blade suddenly flew out.A red light shines from Lin Xin's hand, and then the huge green double-knife magic disappears under the red light.Than wealth, I am afraid that other people can not add up to match Lin Xin, Lin Xin's storage ring that looks like a fire drill, has a horrible storage space. It is natural for him to deal with the best corpse of this valuable green body. He was responsible for the team's property and finally had his first income.In order to be able to integrate into the hunting demon corps, Lin Xin's pay is quite small, and the total value of the drugs he gives is probably close to 100,000 gold coins. Even if he has money, he can't make ends meet!The appearance of the green double blade magic also means that the battle has entered a white-hot state. It is no longer simply to face the Zelins.At this time, a huge magical atmosphere burst out from the direction of the tower. Numerous splendid brilliances erupted like fireworks and went straight to the dense Mozu army.In such a battlefield, there is no need to lock in. If any magic falls, it will surely hit.It was the first time that Long Haochen had been seen while launching hundreds of spells. The magnificent light instantly illuminated the exorcism Guancheng, and also illuminated the night.Obviously, the Mozu will not wait for a fight, a group of spectacular purple-black light balls rise from under the Mozu army, and suddenly meet the magic of falling from the sky.If you look closely, you can see that these purple-black balls are a kind of Mozu whose height is two meters away, three legs supporting the ground, no arms, and a particularly large head. Their three legs were particularly thick and they walked fast. The huge skull had six eyes, and the purple-black ball of light condensed from those six eyes.This is one of the magic arms of the Mozu. The Magic Eye Warlock, who specializes in dark magic, is also a very large race in the Mozu.Compared to the human magician, the magic eye magician is far inferior, they will only have some fixed dark magic with the evolution of the body. But it wins a lot.The lowest level magic eye magician, magic attack is also equivalent to the second-order magician. They are obviously more high-end than double-pole devils, and they can be divided into five levels. The most powerful lord-level magic eye magician is the seventh-order strong.Most of the hundreds of magic items dropped from the tower were intercepted by the magic lanterns released by the Magic Eye Warlock. Only a small part of them could fall into the Mozu army. A burst of dazzling brilliance broke out, and a large number of slaughterers were among the lower-level Mozu.However, exorcism can not be broken for thousands of years, obviously not only that simple. Just as the first magic bombardments were completed, the second batch was followed by hundreds of magical spells.Previously in the face of the double-edged sword, the magicians were all rejuvenating and it was time for them to exert their own strength.Almost all of the second batch of magic was re-emerged at the same time as the last batch of magic bombardment. It is completely seamless. According to conservative estimates, there are probably thousands of magicians on the tower. And repairs will not be less than the fourth order.With the support of a magician, the pressure on the city’s head dropped sharply. At the same time, a large number of soldiers have also stepped up.Unlike the original infantry. These fighters were all armored, and were trained as at least three or more powerful fighters. The infantry battalion quickly withdrew under their replacement and completed the defense.The configuration of these elite fighters is very particular, each group of three people, a shield warrior, an axe warrior plus a Berserker holding epee. A trio, each fighting, there are at least two groups behind each group backup. Although the Mozu launched a large number of powerful races after the total attack, these fighters, with the support of the magicians and priests on the tower, survived the attacks.At the same time, the direction of the tower, from time to time sounded a roar, can clearly see that from the walls of the tower and the city head, a thick muzzle out, rich condensed magic light, and then broke out A huge ball of light.Magic guide cannon. Each hit is comparable to the powerful defender of the sixth-order Light Lord Magi. There are more than a hundred doors in the exorcism.Compared with the battle that erupted at this time, before Long Haochen they dealt with the double knife magic can only be regarded as pediatrics. This is the real war between mankind and Mozu.Zhang Hairong told Long Chenchen and other people at the National People's Congress: "Retreat, change the defense."At this time, everyone in the rank-1 hunting demons still maintained sufficient fighting power. Even if it was Chen Yinger, the spiritual power had recovered a part. In the face of the Mozu army, they really can not be reconciled. However, Long Haochen promised to follow Zhang Hairong's orders. After launching dozens of light swords in succession, he did not hesitate to issue orders for retreat to his partners."It's not fun yet!" Sima Xian's staff was covered with viscous liquid in his hands, but his emotions were quite exhilarating. Wang Yuanyuan was the same. After retiring with Long Haochen, his face was clearly dissatisfied.Long Haochen looked at them and calmly replied: “We are now soldiers. For three months, there are times when we can show our talents. We must follow the battalion commander to retreat.”Just as they withdrew, in the sky, the black-pressed Mozu Air Force had already reached the top of the city, and at least half of the magic spells and magic guided cannons were directed at them. However, after all, there are some net fish.One head is more than four meters long, covered with a black horny wingspan to reach six meters away from the huge Mozu suddenly fell from the sky, a shining black and dark light of the wind, the wind double-edged straight edge of the property is directing the retreating Zhang Hairong to go.“The battalion commanders are careful.” Long Haochen has already withdrew everyone at this time. His sense of sensibility is acute. Although the flying Mozu descended from the sky under the cover of darkness, he was discovered by him for the first time.This is one of Mozu's notoriously powerful air races, with wind and dark twinning, and the Marcusian Beta flying.Betta Feimo is the real high-level arms of the Mozu people and has inheritance. There is a tradition of inheritance, which means that the patriarch of this race is one of the seventy-two demons of the Mozu.Among the seventy-two devils of the Mozu people, some demons have their own direct army, although these direct troops are also infected with the development of various ethnic groups on the continent. But they have the blood of demons. Betta Feimo is a direct tribal force of the 35th column of the Mozu devil Marcusias. Any one of the beta flying demons has more than five orders of strength. Marcías’s pro-guard is a seven-step strong man named Bloodlust Beta.The devil who can own the immediate military is ranked at least in the top 36. But not all powerful devils have their own army. For example, the demon God Ananda, the god of the verdicts and trials who challenged Chivalry Xingyu, is a lonely strong man.With his left foot forced on the ground, Long Hao suddenly escalated in the morning, and Haoyue communicated with his mind. Xiaoqing blew out a strong wind and bragged behind Long Haochen, making him even faster.The white light of the St. Lieutenant blew out in the air. With the help of the assault and Xiaoqing, Long Haochen had already pulled the distance closer to within 50 meters of the Betta Feimu who had come from the air to attack.