Chapter 54 The first appearance of tacit understanding (middle)It is not necessary for Long Haochen to open his mouth to say that one person and one beast have the same mind. The three heads of Haoyue are ejected from the city wall. Light arrows, wind blades, and fireballs are completely instantaneous. And it's extremely accurate and it's never wasting your hair. Each magic is accurate to find a two-headed magic. Just a round of bombardment, the two-pole demons that are constantly climbing are bombarded.This is the powerful role of magic on the battlefield. In general, in any hunting demon, the most important attack output comes from the magician. Of course, except for the wonderful things like the No. 1 hunting demon corps...Summons a magician to summon a beast or a knight's mount. He also calculates the merit score when he kills the demon. The merit token is equivalent to the demon-class equipment, binding the blood, but also binding all contracts. Otherwise it will not have such a high level. The array of detection methods attached inside is extremely precise.The original Long Haochen was not the most killing enemy, but after joining Haoyue, nobody could compare with him. The three heads of the lunar month release the first- and second-order magic, but it is enough for the double-pole magic. Because the range of magic coverage is so large that Sima Xian and Wang Yuanyuan each move away from one side, otherwise they will have nothing to do.The Longhuan Chen's Juhuan Halo has an extraordinary effect, and everyone does not use any powerful skills to deal with the double-edged swords. "There is an assistance from JuLing Halo, which is always in the best condition. For these four- and five-order strongs, they seem to say As long as there is sufficient spiritual power, physical exertion can naturally be compensated by spiritual power.The nature that embarked on the battlefield is not just Long Yaochen's hunting demon group. Along with the passage of time, there are also some familiar situations between the dragons in the city from time to time.For example, Bai Xiaomo's signature plant attack, the occasional flash of light and physical power fluctuations, Huang Yi's native magic and so on.The defenders were all infantry. Although not all ten infantry battalions were on the ascendant, there were also five. Five battalions, 5,000 infantry. Even in the past it was more than enough to resist these two-pole demons. Not to mention the addition of five hunting mobs. The magical light that shines from time to time, "the occasional treatment of light, has greatly reduced the pressure of the infantry. The new hunting mob demonstrated their strength for the first time. They are now completely different from when they played in the Holy City. The fact is that the enemy does not need to think about keeping this kind of thing at all, and the double-edged sword, which is also the low-end arm of the Mozu, has become their best whetstone.It was already half an hour later. Because of the powerful performance of Long Haochen and others, Zhang Hairong, who had nothing to do, had to retreat and concentrate on directing the soldiers. Only from time to time will look toward the direction of Long Haochen.Everyone in the No. 1 hunting demons performed very well, but the only one that attracted Zhang Hairong was only Long Haochen. Not to mention the powerful World of Warcraft that he summoned. He alone is a legend for Zhang Hairong.It looks like it is only a teenager. "It's just as beautiful as a young girl. His aura has been released from the beginning and now it has lasted half an hour!"Although Zhang Hairong does not know that this is a skill of several levels, he personally felt the role of Juhuan's aura. He naturally understands how powerful the skills are. However, in the morning of the release of Juhuan’s halo, Long Haochen had been fighting. He did not take a rest and looked at him, but he did not mean anything.Long Haochen brought him the greatest feeling is calm. It's not very old, but the temperament of Long Haochen's body is disappointing. His strength is obviously very strong. But when resisting the double-edged sword, he never released a powerful skill. At most, he only uses the light and the sword. His eyes scan his partner from time to time, obviously is concerned about the surrounding situation. It is an elite! This young man's repair may have five steps. Fifth-order Earth Knight! When he was like him at this age, he was still struggling on two levels.As Zhang Hairong’s idea flashed from time to time in his heart, suddenly a strange sound came out of the darkness in the distance.In three deep, low-pitched sounds, looking from the top of the city to the distance, I saw three huge dark gold rays burst into the sky.These three lights are full of hateful atmosphere and the dark gold luster spreads instantly.Hearing these three choked buzzing sounds, the two-pole demons under the city all looked like they were playing a qing dynasty. One by one, their eyes sparkled with mad brilliance, and they rushed toward the city head to become more crazy.It was at this time that dozens of glitzy golden light balls flew out of the exorcism Guancheng and went straight to the distance.Long Hao Chen subconsciously looked back, saw the top of the city, there is a layer of towers. Those golden ball of light went out from the tower. Dozens of golden light balls flew apart. Just a dozen seconds later, some of China’s golden light balls exploded and bursted with gold. As the golden light shines, the big army underneath the two-edged sword suddenly slows down, apparently fearing this golden light. With the help of this golden light, Long Haochen couldn't help but sip a cool air, because he clearly saw that far away, he did not know how many Mozu army troops were rushing like they were.This time it was not just a double-edged sword. Not only was there a change in arms on the ground, but there was also a huge Mozu Air Force that looked like a dark cloud.Zhang Hairong face changed, "We are careful, the Mozu want to attack."In the hands of Long Haochen, the shield of the Holy Spirit was held high above his head, shaking slightly. The partners suddenly understood and quickly moved closer to him. The edge array was almost completed in an instant.Long Haochen temporarily stopped JuLing Halo, and he did not hesitate to eat a LinXin, which was given by Lin Xin. He stepped back half a step and closed his eyes and quickly restored his former spiritual power.The reason why he was able to use the Gathering Halo for a long time was the role of the Son of Light. The consumption of liquid mental power is slow, and this can be supported but the power consumption of its own mental power has also been close to half. However, this kind of pay by him is obviously very useful. At least, his partners still maintain a full state.Han Yu behind did not hesitate to release a bright magic, glorious heaven and earth, will transmit its own spiritual power to Long Haochen. Whether it's a cavalier rider or an alternate knight in a team, this is what he should do.With the support of Han Yu and the role of Ju Ling Dan, the dragon's spiritual power quickly recovered."Everyone is careful not to be aggressive. Lin Xin, pay attention to the above defense." Long Haochen simply reminded one that the Holy Spirit's suit once again burst out with the light of the Holy Spirit.The Mozu general attack, the attack of those two-pole devils unabated, the flares in the air lasted for a long time, and they could clearly see some huge stature from the head of the city.At this time, Long Haochen had no time to carefully scrutinize what the Mozu are. At this moment, he really understood why the teacher would say that the individual strength on the battlefield is always small.Looking at the overwhelming army of Mozu, their seven-man hunting genius appears to be so small, not to mention the individual's thinness.It was also at this time that intense magical fluctuations began to be uploaded from the towers on the second floor of the city, and they could hear the deep humming.There is no doubt that senior professionals guarding exorcism should all be above that tower. "The Mozu launches a total attack, and it is time for them to do so.In just a little more than a dozen times, the Mozu who rushed into the city had a qualitative change.Long Haochen took a sword and flew a double knife magic. "The next moment, suddenly saw a touch of familiar aquamarine."We are careful." Long Haochen shouted. A white light spits out from the chest and it is the Holy Spirit.The green-green figure took a hard step on the battlements, leaped up with a roaring roar, and headed straight for Long Hao to rush over.This tyrannical figure is about two meters high. It is about three meters in length. Behind it, it has a pair of wings that are not very wide-shelled. The pair of wings cannot make it fly, but it can make it an elegant body. Keep balance in the process of rushing. The hateful head is a bit like a lizard, but it is more spacious and has a sharp look. What is most embarrassing is its pair of forelimbs that are as long as one meter and five like a heavy knife. Is it the king of the Zerin double-knife and the green double-edged sword that brought the first pot of gold to Long Haochen?At the beginning, when he was facing the green and the double-edged sword, Long Hao was the fourth-order leader. At this time, he was not only a landlady, but his companions were far from being able to compare.The white shield of the left-handed shield shines, and it is the shield of the light."When" was a loud noise, a forearm of the green-green double-pole demons bombarded the Holy Shield, bursting out with a dazzling white light, and the dragon's body sparkled with golden light, but it was half stepping. The right-handed Holy Spirit sword was erected and blocked the second attack of the green-green double-edged sword."When" was even God defended.At the time when Long Haochen was not allowed to evoke, he actually used two gods to keep blocks, and blocked the first round attack of this green and double-edged sword.Blocking in a row, this is another trick that Long Haochen chose in the Holy Alliance Treasure Pavilion. It sounds like it is just a common skill. However, this combination of continuous block techniques and the defensive combination of the defensive knights is the guardian knight's true defensive skill! Almost all paladin knights will choose.The continuous number of consecutive blocks is related to the cast of the performers. In order to use the strength of Long Haochen now, at most, he can only display the spell twice in succession, and the spiritual power consumed for the second time will be the first time. Doubled. However, when confronting a strong enemy on the battlefield, it is likely to be a fatal blow to the enemies by the two successive vengeances and the revenge of the superimposed light.