Chapter V Knight Mount (1)The girls behind the counter quickly whispered: "Little brother, you hurry to leave. This is not where you should come. Ignore them, these adventurers are all bloody lives, under pressure, often There are some bad performances, but they should not dare to say anything to you. After all, this is a guild."After saying this, the young lady suddenly discovered that there was something called firmness in the clear eyes of the teenager."He shouldn't insult my mother." As he said, Long Haochen tried to hand out the girl from her arms and passed it to the young girl. She turned and walked toward the colander.At the age of ten, Long Haochen was not taller than the chest of the Hu Zhuanghan, but his pace was extremely stable."Oh, hey, hey, we'll take a quick look. This young girl is still angry. Hey, look at this pretty little face! This tender water is. Even if it's a chicken, send it to Hualijie To go, it is also a first-class deaf child."Husband Hu had a double-edged sword in his hand. At this time, he put the tomahawk on the ground and leaned against him.Long Haochen walked to the front of Luohu and stopped outside. He had a calm face, a pretty straight waist, and a fist on his right chest with his left hand and a standard knight ceremony.The next moment, he pulled out a white glove and threw it at the other side. At the same time, he pulled out the back two swords and the sword tipped down. He sighed: "You insult my mother, I, Long Haochen, as the Knights of the Knights Templar. Challenge you. Never die."Long Haochen’s voice was crisp and people around him could hear it clearly. For a time, the original sly adventurers were all quiet. Luohu is also a hit.However, in a flash, the Hussein responded. "Haha, I laughed. You see! This little bastard must have heard more stories, learned knights' challenges, and allowed the Cavaliers. Your milk is long. Didn't it match? I promised you a challenge, come! Come and bite me! Hahahaha."Long Haochen lifted his right-handed sword and pointed coldly to the outside. "Please." Although he was the first time to come to the Adventurers' Association, he knew that he couldn't start here, even if it was a formal challenge for the Cavaliers.Having said this, he has already taken the lead.The Huxi warriors did not hesitate to go out, followed by a large crowd. Only the teenage girl sitting behind the counter was staring at the badge in her hand. "The first class qualifier, is he really a qualifier?"Walking out of the Adventurers Guild, the warm sunshine did not resolve the gloomy feeling of Long Haochen’s heart. At this moment, Xingyu’s teaching echoed in his heart. Do not have to say anything more to your enemies, wash the shame with the sword in your hand and the blood of the enemy.Luo Hu also came out and picked up his two-edged tomahawk and lifted his finger to Long Haochen. “Come on! Little bastard, let Grandpa teach you. When Grandpa turns over you, I don’t kill you. You sell it to Hua Lane Liu Xiang and you can earn a few gold coins..."Just before the next time, when he laughed again, Long Haochen moved.Assault and hurried pace instantly sounded. Long Haochen raised his speed to the extreme in an instant. People on both sides could clearly see that his hands were full of fine white irons.The White Blade is indeed a pure white blade often used by Knights of the Knights Templar.Suddenly, the laughter came to an abrupt end, and Long Haochen had already approached him.Luo Hu looked at the assault of Long Haochen. She was also taken aback. He also knew the blade of pure white. His face changed for a moment. He never thought that this child was really a Knight Temple man and offended the six major saints. The knight's temple at the head of the temple, how is his ordinary adventurer confused? No matter what, let's get rid of this kid first.While thinking about it, he rushed to the side of the gall bladder and picked up the double-edged axe with his hands. He is a second-level, third-level soldier in the warrior profession. The spiritual power exceeds 120. This step is also very woody, full of power.However, Long Hao had faced World of Warcraft on his way home almost every week for a year, and his actual combat experience was a lot. The key is that at this time, he remains calm.The right foot slammed the ground and used the skill of interrupting the charge in the face of Li Xin before. Again, this time he also connected with another skill.The two swords were put on the shelf and the gods were blocked in the moment before the double-edged sword fell.How accurate judgment can this be done? No different from ordinary people's spiritual power, Long Haochen can never complete this connection.When the cymbals banged, the double-edged War Axe slammed at the intersection of the double swords.Many people couldn't help but close their eyes. The contrast between the figure of Long Haochen and Luohu Hu was too strong. In view of many people, he had to choose such a block under hurry. But how can he be so smart at such a young age, and the same heavy hitter and white blade of the Husband Hussein also have the effect of increasing the attack power, or heavy weapons. The risk-seekers watched as if they had seen the death of the sword.However, in Long Haochen's hands, the fine iron sword did not break. In the mood of the Hu-ran, the double-edged battle axe sang and the chest opened wide.Long Yuchen's God Yuge block even third-order knight Li Xin can not break, but what is he such a second-order fighters can break it?At this moment, Long Haochen seemed to have a little more light on her body. The crossed double swords in the hands almost completed the crosshairs.Two bangs, two-handed iron sword cut in succession on top of the skin in front of Hu Hu's chest, the iron sword has no front, but the skin immediately after the sound of broken bones.Luo Hu's eyes widened, and a bloody mad spray emerged.Long Yuchen's god is still not very deep, he can't borrow Li Xin's spiritual power, but Hulu Lili was only slightly taller than him, and he was used to 20 points by the dragon's god. Spiritual power, coupled with the increase in the number of pure white blades and the spiritual power of Long Haochen itself over 100 points, the power of this blow has even surpassed Luo Hu's own full blow. Another thing is that ordinary leather can resist him."The youngest." Two exclamation rings, two big men in the crowd rushed out, it was obvious that he was a gang. Adventurers are very dangerous occupations, and they are usually teamed up.However, it is still late for them to rush out.噗 , , 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,"Asshole." The two brave men who rushed out rushed to Long Hao in the morning."Stopped." A cold voice sounded, followed by a light golden light bursting into the sky behind Long Hao Chen, sturdy two rushing adventurers back.Li Xin stood there with a chilly face, his hands separated on both sides of the body, and the pale gold spiritual power glow rose on both sides of the body, demonstrating the strength of his third-order knight."Ah, hell is a rose..." In the crowd, someone suddenly exclaimed.