Chapter Fifty-fourthStanding behind the ten pounds who were preparing for a glimpse, they looked at the fierce young people of the tenth hunting dolphins. They were stunned one by one and wondered what to do."Look at what to see? We haven't rushed to reinforce other people." Zhang Hairong sighed. "The heart is also secretly vacant. It is worthy of the elite of the hunting demons. These young people should be on the battlefield for the first time. I entered the state at once, and I remember how I remember to wear a priest's robe when I came here! Is he a priest? There is also a shield soldier girl, and her shield is too big. Also, look at her waving that way, It is simply a super axe.Twenty meters of the head of the city, there are three faces of Long Haochen, Sima Xian, and Wang Yuanyuan. It is enough to pick the children's bamboo sticks and lay quietly behind the dragon's morning. But she is full of five senses. Feel everything around you.Han Yu was not idle. He had completed the call of the evil eye. A red light shot from the eye of the evil eye and kept sweeping around the city. It is the real eye of chalkiness.If there is no real pastor in the team, he can only rely on his evil eyes to use the real chalky eyes. This is no way.However, the range of eye scans for true eyes is still quite small. The straight-line distance is a hundred meters, sweeping from side to side, within two hundred meters on both sides of the eye in the real chalky eyes. The main reason is to prevent the powerful Mozu who are invisible to the inhabitants of the Mozu to attack suddenly.Han Yu and Lin Xin have already entered the battle at this time, but they are not directly killing the enemy. A light golden light continued to shine from Han Yu’s hand on a golden epee, accurately landing on the wounded soldiers on both sides.He used the basic healing skills of the guardian knight to heal the light. He consumed very little spiritual power. Under the effect of the dragon's morning aura, he could almost maintain his spiritual strength.Although the light of healing can't treat serious injuries, it has the effects of reducing pain, slowing the treatment, and eliminating common toxins. Moreover, the light attributes are the most restrained to the Mozu, with the help of healing light." It suddenly increased a lot.Han Yu is responsible for taking care of this place. Lin Xin also played his role. And it is a great role for all partners to be amazed.Huoyunjing Staff wields, a cluster of crystal red light leaps out, each group of fire accurately falls on a battalion of soldiers, the red light condenses into a piece of flame armor, Zelin double knife magic When you attack the warriors, "as soon as they approach one meter in front of them," they will have a burning effect.This skill is called flame devouring and has a defensive ability. The basic is similar to that of the knight's visor, but it is attacked with a fire attribute, and nearby enemies are affected. It is a second-order magic.Although the depletion of the flames is not much and the duration is only 30 seconds, it is a single skill. But in Lin Xin's hands, he was actually using the effects of group skills.I saw a red light like a continuous stream of firecrackers that spewed out from his hot cloud scepter. A group of flames began to "burn" on the soldiers. Not only enhances the survivability of soldiers, but also greatly enhances their destructive power. Only a few moments later, more than 50 fighters were taken care of by Lin Xin.Chen Yinger is naturally the same as in the previous battle, singing a spell with her crisp voice not far behind Wang Yuanqin. The crystal ball held in his hands exudes a soft glow. The soldiers of the battalion can guess it. This seemingly harmless Xiaozhan Niang has once called out the evil eyelord and the Hell three dogs. These eight powerful World of Warcraft of.At this time the main siege is only a double-pole devil, the biggest advantage of double-pole magic is only in quantity. Although the climbing ability is very strong, but in the face of Long Haochen these four or five of the strong, it is almost like chopping vegetables. Long Qichen had seven people with attack aids and took full care of this section of the city wall, which was a hundred meters wide. And the battalion's defensive range is only 200m. There is only one soldier in the battalion who feels that it is an unprecedented relief on the battlefield today. Especially those soldiers who have been attached to Lin Xin's flame armor are even more capable of killing. The dripping.However, Zhang Hairong was depressed. The strength of Long Haochen and others made him greatly affected by his fighting power. As a pro-military soldier, Long Haochen also specially took care of him. From time to time, he cut out a light-edged sword and wiped out a double-pole sword. As a result, the number of times Zhang Hairong's big ax dropped out sharply decreased."The battalion commander, Mozu just sent these two-pole demons to attack the city?" Long Haochen asked Zhang Hairong not far from the side while fighting.Zhang Hairong said: “This is just a tentative attack, for people who are tired of us. In the Mozu family, the most rapid is the double-edged sword. The number is extremely high, the number is more, and the consumption of food is also great. In the Mozu, there are few races that are good at cultivating, but they can only enslave us humans, but the food is still limited, and the Mozu are all soldiers. Therefore, when the number is too large, war will be initiated. One is to use the war. To plunder, the other is to reduce the burden on the population. This kind of thing can only be done by a cold-blooded ethnic group like Mozu."These two-pole magic are dead, but there is also the meaning of their death. The double-edged sword that survives in the constant battle has the possibility of evolution. With only one evolution, the strength of these double-edged swords will be very different. At the same time, because we don't know when the Mozu strong arms will make a full-time attack, our strong players will all wait for the spirit to be tight.The overall strength is far behind the Mozu, and there is no way to take the initiative to attack the opponent. It is easy to cause mental exhaustion for our strong players. At that time, Mozu launches a total attack, and the effect will naturally be stronger."Long Haochen was surprised and said: "These mozu are so smart?"Zhang Hairong picked up an axe and smashed a double-pole knife. "Most of the Mozu were created by our human beings. Like the Lukwa lurkers, the invisibles of the comforters are not."Long Hao nodded in the morning and said, "The invisible group of the Yizu people is really sinister. If there is no assistance from the real eye, even the strong can be successfully attacked."Zhang Hairong smiled and said, "You don't understand this. On the battlefield, the role of the Earth's clan is far inferior to that of the Rook. Once there are a large number of Rooks, we must send enough magicians to do so. Otherwise, once they attack our soldiers collectively underground, they will suffer heavy casualties. For us infantry, the Rook is a nightmare."The double blade magic is indeed the first family of the Mozu, although there is no status, but this number is really not covered, the city under the body pushing the plot, you can look ahead, the city outside the double-pole magic is still rushed like a mountain.Although it was night, the exorcism Guancheng was brightly lit. Through this period of fighting, Long Haochen observed it carefully. Exorcism is about a thousand feet wide. For a city wall, this seems to be a very big width. However, for the huge mountain range, it is only a drop in the ocean. But it is this drastic exorcism barrier that blocks the Mozu for thousands of years!The exorcism gate is built entirely on the mountain, with steep cliffs on both sides and a smooth mirror. It is on these cliffs that there are heavy troops stationed. It is precisely because of the use of the terrain that from an internal point of view, the exorcism Guancheng head is about 100 meters high, which is nearly 300 meters high enough for the outside world.The wall thickness is absolutely more than 100 meters. It is also engraved with various methods to resist magic attacks.In this way, there are 86,000 strong strongholds in the imperial congregation, as well as endless supply of supplies in the rear. The difficulty in attacking from the front can be imagined. Even if it is a million troops, it is equally difficult to go one step further.At this moment, a low whisper sounded from behind the crowd, Long Hao Chen glanced behind him, and it was Chen Ying-er who had completed her call to the creature's door.Although Chen Yinger’s call is not very reliable, it is a small probability event like summoning a sheep. On the whole, it is still most likely to summon Wolves with her rank.A tall, full-footed, three-meter-footed, black-and-white iron-armed magic bear emerged from the door of the creature. This is a five-level warcraft. Although there is no natural skill, it is better to be able to fight, but it is very suitable for this. Kind of defending the situation.Under the command of Chen Yinger, the iron arm of the demon bear wriggled to the side and picked up a pair of paws like a paw.At this time, members of the rank-1 hunting demons performed their own methods and assisted the Battalion officers to completely stabilize the defense area.Sima Xian suddenly turned to Long Haochen and shouted: "Head, let Haoyue also go on. This is a good time to grab a meritorious deed."Before they stayed in the governing hall, they stayed there for a long time. Long Haochen had not yet had time to summon it to the side. At this time, after listening to Sima Xian's words, Long Haochen immediately moved in his heart. Yes! There is a solid defensive defensive offense, defense and worry-free, even if the spiritual power is exhausted, they can calmly back. The following two-pole magic is endless, at this time outbreak of attack is not the best?"They still have the means?" Zhang Hairong glanced at Long Haochen in surprise, just to see a flash of purple light on his forehead. Immediately afterwards, a huge figure emerged behind him.The image of Haoyue is absolutely shocking. Four-meter-long body and majestic limbs, coupled with that unique three-headedness, have a kind of shocking effect on the audience.Third more. "Completely finished" will give the rest of this month's monthly ticket to the youngest. Otherwise it will be wasted. The outbreak is continuous. Today, three more small explosions, tomorrow, a big explosion. How many specific explosions do not tell you first, confidentiality.If you want to know, take a look at it after tonight. Hey. It will never let everyone down, but it is a wonderful episode.