Chapter 56 AngelsThe Holy Spirit turned and confronted Long Haochen face to face for the first time. "The glorious angels' warriors are all fifth-order knights. I know that you are fifth-order. Can you dare to charge with this commander to kill the enemies? ”Long Haochen, right footed to the ground, performed a military ceremony to the Holy Spirit. "We respect military orders." As he spoke, he quickly released his own Holy Spirit suit from the Forget-me-nots ring and put it on him.Forget-me-nots, the blue light shines on the ring, especially the light gold, forget-me-not pattern that surrounds the rhythmic scene is particularly evident in this dark night. The Holy Spirit saw this scene, his pupils contracted a bit, and looked at Long Haochen's eyes except for the icy cold, which added a bit of weirdness.Once again, the upper armor, and even the remaining warmth left by the previous war, Long Haochen gazed at God, at least the previous buffer, his own spiritual power is also a lot of recovery.For the order of the Holy Spirit, Long Haochen was actually very puzzled. He really couldn't understand why the exorcist-departure chief would find himself. There is no reason at all! If it is said that the sharp attack of the Knights of the Glorious Knight is at the forefront, in the new hunting demon corps, it is obviously the most suitable for the defamation of the Golden Horn mammoth. His golden horns, mammoths, are best suited to assault regardless of attack or defense.Moreover, here is the Exorcism Pass. The Holy Spirit is the chief of the military. It is not difficult to find a more powerful knight. But he chose his own little fifth-order earth knight. What exactly did he do?No matter what he thinks in his heart, Long Haochen cannot disobey the military order.“Are you afraid?” Some of the cold voice of the Holy Spirit rang in the ears of Long Haochen.Long Haochen shook his head. "Reporter General, I am not afraid."The Holy Spirit has a cold face. "Since you are not afraid, have you not summoned your mount and wait for anything? Can you afford to take responsibility for delays?"Purple light shines, Long Haochen flashes on the purple lines quietly on the forehead of the morning, the next moment, the light projection, the bright moon has already appeared before him.The vision of the Holy Spirit stagnated for a moment on Haoyue's body. He couldn't help but reveal a trace of doubt. With his extensive knowledge, he also saw this kind of Warcraft for the first time.Long Haochen leapt forward and had already landed on the back of the lunar month. At the same time, he looked to the Holy Spirit.The holy land of the Holy Spirit, the whole person is like a ghost floating in the morning behind the dragon, in an instant, his entire person seems to be a little short, even disappeared in Long Haochen's perception.A powerful assassin. Long Haochen secretly shocked the heart, this is the strength of the seventh order assassin? He has always had confidence in his perception. He can face seven assassins and can not help but feel a sense of powerlessness.The voice of the Holy Spirit's ice-cooled and full of warfare sounded in the next moment. "Kaicheng, Emergency."The rumbling voice came from the front, and it was impossible to see how the gigantic gate that was just like a dam opened slowly. A strong bloody atmosphere is blowing. After Long Yuchen’s morning, with a series of buzzing sounds, the smashing intentions rushed out like a giant sword.At this time, Long Haochen had no other choice at all, and the bright moon he had displayed showed unprecedented grace.Behind it are the powerful earth knights of 3,000 Glorious Angels. They are bloody murderous battles that have been plucked through battlefields. However, it is as if you can't feel it. The four-meter-long body was straight, and the three large heads appeared humming. It seemed to be stimulated by the bloody atmosphere of the outside world. A light layer of purple rose from it.A strange breath spreaded out of him, and there was not even a dare to start the Malaysian Knights. At the next moment, the thick and powerful limbs of Haoyue suddenly slammed into the ground, and then they shot with the dragon's morning and the Holy Spirit as an arrow pointing out of the city.As if there was a strong burning sensation in the body, Long Haochen felt that his blood seemed to be ignited. This was not only because of the feeling brought about by such a magnificent battlefield, but also from the crazy battle passed to him by Haoyue. meaning.Facing the bloody outside, in the face of the hundreds of thousands of Mozu army, what seems to be a change in Haoyue is that there is a layer of faint purple awns among the three heads and six heads. It has been ignited by an unprecedented genius. It also ignited the battle of Long Haochen.At this time there was no teammate. When he rushed out of the exorcism and shut it down, Long Haochen understood that what he had to do now was to fight for himself. His return is his only goal now.Out of the city gate, in front of the huge mask that was seen on the tower before, it is this I do not know how to form a strong defense to protect the entire exorcism, so that the Mozu can not directly attack the city. However, from the point of view of the needs of their infantry battalion guarding the city, it is clear that the cost of this mask is not small, and it will not be released easily. A large number of Mozu attacks now fall on this mask.It was also in the moment of Long Haochen's rushing out of the Exorcism Demon. The Exorcism was shut, and suddenly it was a very beautiful scene.The slightly silent magical attack suddenly became a full-blown explosion. Nearly one thousand magical lights flashed out of the tower, accompanied by the fierce roar of the demon cannon, and a large number of Mozu fretted outside the mask. Looking ahead, the outside is already a reign of blood.It was at this time that Haoyue was already out of the mask. With strong helium blowing, Long Haochen can still see countless limbs falling from the sky.The shield of the Holy Spirit in his left hand was taken back and replaced by a blue-and-gold ray of light in the left-hand position. The double-armed sword in Long Yuchen’s hands immediately moved.The light curtain is not completely obstructed, but the speed of the double swords in his hands is extremely fast. He clearly does not look into the air, but he can fly from the sky to the stumps every time he shoots. Nothing can fall on the screen. His body.The Holy Spirit is in fact half-baked behind the bright moon, and everything Long Lunchen has done naturally is in the eyes. The heart can not help but secretly amazed. He naturally sees that Long Haochen did not use spiritual power, but each sword shot is very accurate. There is no waste, and no residuals are left. The method of swordsmanship is careful and orderly. What made him more curious was that this young man was clearly the guardian knight in the team and the mainstay of the team. At this time, holding the two swords is like a decent one, and it becomes a disciplinary Knight. How did this trick change?The reason why the Holy Spirit was ordered to call out Long Yuchen who had just completed the task of defending the city was only one reason, because he was the husband of Lan Yuyu, the father of Caier.As a father, when he learned that his 14-year-old daughter was actually on a bed with a teenager of similar age, the only idea of ​​the Holy Spirit was to slap and kill the boy. Before the battle ended in the city, after they returned to the barracks, there was no doubt that they would lie together and the Holy Spirit could accept it. This ordered the subordinate to call out this kid in a tense command.However, even though he was furious, he was facing the army of the Mozu after all. He did not interrogate or clean up the time. What's more, Long Haochen is the head of the newly recruited demon corps, and even if he is the authority of the Holy Spirit, he will not dare to move him easily.Beyond anger, the Holy Spirit is also somewhat curious. Since the daughter became a reincarnation, she is cold to anyone. How suddenly it will be so good for a young man, and it will be a good time...Therefore, the Holy Spirit wanted to take advantage of the excitement of war from this out-of-the-city battle to see what the young man named Long Haochen really had.If this kid battles, it becomes a litter on the battlefield, and the Holy Spirit does not mind to leave him here in this bloody place.However, at this time watching Long Yuchen incarnate the disciplinary knight, the wrath of the Holy Spirit was gradually replaced by curiosity. More importantly, in the face of a terrible battlefield outside, the young man with his own rush is still able to maintain calm, and he has not felt any sharp emotional fluctuations from him. This is not what ordinary young people can do. Can become the head of the new hunting demon group, this young man who seems to be much less than her daughter does not seem to have a bit of energy.The Mozu army was obviously attacked by this sudden and powerful attack. And it was at this time that the Knights of the Glorious Angels, with their dragon sharpness, had already rushed out.The original black duo was flashing gold in the moment of rushing out of the Exorcism Defensive. The 3,000-thousand Gladion Archangel was like a golden sword suddenly ejected from the Exorcist, pointing directly at the Mozu. The army.The horse with a tall head was assaulting at an extremely fast pace, and the golden iron and steel torrents rushed out in a rush of pressure.Compared to those tall horses, Haoyue's body size is much smaller, and its height is less than half of those tall horses. Therefore, even though Long Haochen rides the bright moon and rushes to the forefront, it is not so much.The first glimmer of blue light lingered on Long Haochen and Haoyue. It was Xiaoqing's floating technique. The weight is reduced, and the speed of the next month is even higher. It is not weaker than those behind.Full of nearly 300 meters out of the reticle, only to really encounter the enemy, before seeing how powerful the city hit the blow.The attack of Exorcism did not stop, and the roar of the magic guided cannons and the spellcasting of the magicians all became their best cover for Long Haochen.The attack of the magician is mainly on both sides. The magic guide can reach far and the target is in the air. As a result, Long Haochen only needs to face the frontal enemy.The first to face is the dozens of survivors who have survived the dramatic bombardment. Do not need Dragons morning morning hands, a small crater in the flames of fire, a ball of fireballs like a round shell like a double knife magic flying.Long Haochen's Spiritual Sword held high, and the three auxiliary skills of Faith Aura, Guardian Bounty, and Aura were released at the same time. The range was not large, but it was enough to cover the Moon and the Holy Spirit behind him.On weekdays, Long Haochen was a kind and juvenile boy, but perhaps because Long Xingyu slammed him into the ants' crypts for cruel training when he first taught him. Therefore, once he entered combat, he It's like being personal. Calm, calm and even cruel. With double-handed swords, the body is full of warfare.It was at this time that the Mozu army had rewinded and went straight to the Knights of Lights and Angels.Hundreds of balls of purple-black light radiate from the ball and cover a large area. It is the magic flare of the magic eye magician. The magic flares are different because of the strength of the magic eye magician, and the size is also different. At least three of them are flying in the direction of Long Haochen.Do not need to do what Long Haochen, Xiaoguang eyes light up, the spell has been completed, a golden light shining element shield has been blocked in front.Vigorous roar and explosion, purple and black light scattered scattered, under the protection of light element shield, the moon's natural speed has not decreased but increased, suddenly rushed out.Lianzhu fireball constantly blew out from the small crater, Xiaoguang was responsible for defense, and Xiaoqing was responsible for controlling speed and controlling body coordination. The three heads have a clear division of labor and have never fully committed themselves to launch an attack. Instead, they have converged.In the face of such a huge army of Mozu, Long Haochen must ensure that Haoyue has enough physical strength to take him back to life.Suddenly there was a loud roar in front of him. Immediately afterwards, a large body collided in the direction of Long Haochen.Seeing it, Long Haochen can't help but keep a close eye. Yes, it is a double-edged sword, but it is by no means an ordinary double-pole devil, not even a green double-pole devil.At the moment of its appearance, the surrounding Mozu army seemed to spread itself and give it some space.This double-knife is more than five meters long and has three meters and five meters in height. The two huge forelegs are at least two meters five. Green and double-edged magic is like a child. There are three bright gold patterns on its crustacean forehead, and the body is exudes a layer of dark golden metallic luster.It can be seen vaguely that there is a strange dark green light shining under it.Lord, this is the lord of the double sword.In the Mozu, any one group has the existence of a lord, and the most powerful lord is the patriarch of this group. Although the double-knife magic is similar to the cannon fodder, the largest number of arms, but in front of this only gold pattern double-edged demon Lord is obviously also a very horrible guy.Green-green double-edged swords are fifth-order. This gold-patterned double-edged demon Lord will be several orders. At the very least, it must be equivalent to the sixth-order mankind of human beings."Can't stop, rush over." The voice of the Holy Spirit comes from behind.Yes! Can not stop, behind the thousands of glorious angel Knight charge, once he pauses, I am afraid that the behind the friendly forces have to hit up.Suddenly took a deep breath, Long Hao morning stature flash, has stood on the back of the moon, a sudden jump in the back of the moon, pushing his body shot up, went straight to the gold pattern magic meet up.The intense golden light burst into bloom, and Long Yuchen’s whole man circling violently in the air. His left hand was blue rain, and Hibiscus of Light suddenly bowed in front, slamming into the forelimbs of the Lord of the Golden Patterns.With a banging sound, Long Haochen revived again as the whole person speeded up. He could clearly see that a large amount of haze was emitted from him. The whole person was like a meat grinder.Behind the "fighting and killing spiral sword?", the sound of exclaimed voice from the Holy Spirit came.