Chapter 59 Returning to the Stovehouse (2)Gao Yingjie said: ... You must go back and rest. Long Haochen, again in today's situation, I will disband your hunting demons. Do you understand? ”Long Haochen rushed up and made a knight ceremony for him.Governance room. At this time, only the holy month, the blue rain, and the stunned Holy Spirit are left.Everyone was gone, and the face of Holy Moon suddenly cooled down. "" Say it. what is the problem. The old man had eaten more salt than you had eaten. Although Qian Chen had covered up the past for you, the child could not lie at a glance. When he was compiling his words, he did not dare to look into my eyes. ”Lan Yuyu lowered her head and looked worriedly at her husband on the bed. “I saw today that Long Haochen and Caier were on a bed... After he knew it, he decided to test the ability of the dragon’s morning and also There is a way to teach him some swords so he won't overtake him...""The miscellaneous account." The Holy Moon was not a good temper. After listening to her explanation, she suddenly became furious.“Are there any paste in your mind? Didn’t you guys know that this time the oldest son was going to participate in the hunting genius trial? Is the old man personally following? If there’s no old man’s approval, Long Yuchen can pick a child in a wing today. If it weren't for the early morning when this child was sensible, it would provoke a dispute between the two temples.I tell you that the importance of Long Haochen in the Knights Templar is comparable to the importance of adopting children to our Assassin Temple. The child also told me that he is the son of Long Xingyu, and you don't know who Longxingyu is? The spirituality always takes Long Xingyu as an idol.","You let me say what you two do? This is fortunate that nothing happened. If something happens, not only do you have to regret it forever, but you have to set off an uproar in the league."When Lan Yuyu listened to the Holy Moon, he couldn't help but stay away. "But, but he and Cecil sleep in a bed! And they are still so small."The cold moon of the Holy Moon said: "What's wrong with sleeping on a bed? Isn't it sooner or later? Don't you wait until the wedding day to sleep with the little son of the soul? In the whole league, besides the dragon In the early morning, no one would be worthy of my family's adoption, but what is even more rare is that the child can accept him.I don't know what character was adopted. Even if it were you, I was excluded from her heart. Long Haochen can walk into her heart and naturally has its own place. I just didn't pay attention to Cheriel in two days, and you almost made a big deal."Lan Yu rain suddenly said: "Grandpa, I am a mother! Is it, as a mother" I see their own little daughter and a boy together, should not do anything? When she was three years old, I didn’t have the opportunity to love her. I only have this daughter, but she and I are like passers-by. ”The eyes of the holy month gradually softened, sighed and said: "There must be some gains and losses. Well, things finally did not grow up. You must take care of the spiritual heart."After completing this sentence, the nine-order Xia adult turned to go out. When he left the blue eyes, a bitter helplessness can not help but emerge in this all-powerful temple mouth, which is also his Great granddaughter! However, he did not have a choice.At this point, the sky is still dark, and dawn has not yet appeared.Returning to their temporary home, Long Haochen did not have time to say anything, and then she took a deep sleep.Everything that she had wanted to ask him had also melted in his arms.If you ask Long Haochen how he felt about the previous war, then his answer would only be four words: It's good to be alive.Unlike humans' hard drives, the Mozu people are more similar to the characteristics of Warcraft in a certain degree. The hierarchy is clear, but management is not detailed.Hundreds of thousands of Mozu troops are stationed in the plains because of the lack of supplies and the fact that the Mozu itself does not produce. Therefore, only those Mozu who are fourth-rank or more have the qualification to live in camps. Even so, the camp accounts for the most. It looks very shabby.Six thousand years ago, the Seventy-two Pillar devil suddenly came and infected a large number of indigenous people who originally belonged to the continent and launched a war of aggression. The so-called non-I ethnic groups must be different in their minds. What the Mozu used was completely reckless killing and plundering.With the thousands of years of war, after the establishment of the Temple Alliance, humanity gradually gained a firm foothold. After a few natural barriers and resistance against the Mozu Chamber, the Mozu gradually discovered its own problems.Among the Mozu people, the higher the Mozu, the slower the reproduction speed, but the lower Mozu reproduction speed like the double knife magic is surprisingly fast, almost the same as humans, and the double-pole magic only takes up to three years. Can enter adulthood.The Mozu killed too many humans. In addition to humans, there were still some indigenous people of the Demon Continent who were directly destroyed by the race. Under such circumstances, when the mainland’s war conditions were stable, the Mozu suddenly discovered that food was nothing. Take it for granted.In desperation, the Mozu can only gather together the surviving humans, grow food and grazing animals for them. The survival of a race must first fill its stomach. And other aspects have naturally given up.However, although the lands of the Mozu are large, they have killed too many human beings, and most of the living humans have also gone to the Temple Alliance. They can find too few humans. Therefore had to give up the development of other industries and focus on food.Now the humans in the Mozu are very different from those in the past. Even higher than the low-level Mozu status. There is even command of the inferior mobs to assist in the production of food.The Mozu people continue to wage war on the Temple Alliance. There are two main purposes. One is to plunder the population as much as possible, and the other is to digest their overpopulated population. Especially the low-level Mozu. However, for six thousand years, the six temples of humanity have fully stood firm, and although they are still at a disadvantage compared to the devils of the seventy-two pillars, they are created by virtue of some natural barriers and some human wisdom. The powerful weapons that come out of the game just stand in for the Mozu to attack again and again. The Mozu hated defensive weapons such as the demon cannon, but there was no way. They do not have such production and manufacturing capabilities at all. Had it not been that the 72 pillars of the devil were too powerful, I am afraid that the advantages and disadvantages of humans and demons would have to be reversed.However, until now, the Mozu still occupy the initiative, and humans have not dared to return to the east to recover their lost territory. Without the Tianzhu barrier, humans are still not demonic opponents.At the core of the Mozu Camp, there are three huge tents, each with a height of ten meters, and a round tent with a diameter of at least thirty meters. In the Mozu, only the devil can live. It is also considered luxury.At this time, in the middle of the huge tent, the atmosphere was a bit gloomy.The Lion of Fire lion, Anluo, sat in front of him, on both sides of the wing. They were the Wing of the Bull Fighting Rally and the Blue Devils of the Magic Devil.Although the three devils are all ranked 50th away, they also play a decisive role among the Mozu. However, at this time they were all gloomy, even with deep anxiety in their eyes.The Wingslinger's frantic contest lifted a huge iron table in front of him and made a buzzing noise. "When it was a silly moment, we should take it back. Send it to your knees. Isn't everything resolved?""Scratching him? Are you still on my? Or is it a lion's devil?" The handsome young demon rides on the magic devil.After listening to him, the seemingly rough race was silent in silence, and a horrible fear flashed from his eyes.Anloy waved his hand and said: "Well, it's no use saying that it's useless. The news is amazing. If it is the person who comes to this world, even if it hasn't recovered its strength, we can't contact it easily. Hope is We're looking at people wrong. After all, that person shouldn't be able to cross the plane, otherwise...",Here, the same fear also appears in his eyes.The game was gasped and said: "What do we do?"The flame-lion lion, Anluo, suddenly stood up. "We are here to discuss the results. In this way, the two of you will host the army here, continue to launch attacks, and send more than 3 races to the next level. However, do not start the war. At the same time, strengthen the defense on the side of the camp. I immediately returned to the demons to see the demon gods and asked him to decide. "The demon rider of Magic Devil nodded and nodded. "That can only be the case."A moment later, a horror-like shudder sounded in the Mozu camp, and a group of red lights flew towards the east.The members of the No. 1 hunting demons did not stay in bed because of their late night's sleep. For their cultivation, "Meditative Contemplation only requires one or two hours of rest and can be adjusted without injury.While everyone was getting up and washing, there were two soldiers who sent the kind of soldiers to Long Yaochen yesterday. However, this time it was not an order but it brought them breakfast."Hey, is the treatment in the nose so good? Breakfast was delivered to the barracks?" Lin Xin said curiously.The soldiers who delivered meals put down the food containers and smiled and said: "In view of the excellent performance of you yesterday in Chengtou, the above decision was made to provide meals according to pastor standards." After that, he turned and left.The food of soldiers in different occupations of the Temple Church is not the same. This is not discrimination, mainly because the health status of people in different occupations is also different. For example, soldiers and assassins cannot eat the same thing. Soldiers must have stamina and strength, but assassins cannot take in too much fat and staple foods. They must keep their bodies light. The priests, magicians, and summoners eat better. They consume spiritual power and have more refined nutritional needs. Among them, the pastor’s food is the best, because the priest is generally the most vulnerable body.Of course, there are exceptions to everything. For example, these are almost all exceptions...Of course, everyone who is delicious will not be polite. After the wash is done, they will sit around and enjoy each other.