Chapter 58—Burning of the Spirit of the Holy Spirit (I)The three pillars of glaring light had already reached the point of time before Long Haochen's speech with the Holy Spirit. It can be clearly seen that there are hundreds of demons below each of the three columns of light.Although the total number is only three hundred, the sense of oppression released by these three hundred demons is no less than that of the Mozu forces on the other side.Distance is close, Long Haochen can also see clearly the appearance of the three demon pillars.In the middle of the Cretaceous, under the Devil's Column, which shines with the brilliance of the red, there is a dazzling golden light, but it is not the golden light of the bright attributes, but it is full of strong darkness and fire.In the light of the regiment, a giant warhorse about twenty feet tall and up to thirty feet stood upright. On the horse's back, it was a devil who was more than ten feet tall.The body of a golden armor is very magnificent and magnificent. His head is like a lion, and his body is like a human. The exposed face and hand skin is red.Long Xingyu once elaborated on the holdings of the 72 Devil Gods for Long Haochen, and asked Long Haochen to keep it down.Seeing the huge figure, Long Haochen's heart suddenly made a judgment. This is the fifty-second pillar devil of the seventy-two devil gods, name: Anluo Xian. There are flame lions. Good at the power of fire and darkness. All devils are almost all powerful. Although his ranking is only fifty-second, he is truly a nine-step elite.The flame lion magic Anluo first left, under the black light column, is an extremely majestic devil. This guy is also human, but he has a cow head. Behind it is a pair of wings with black feathers. The body is full of blue luster. Naked up, you can use muscles that are described as horror. Height is actually five meters away.This is the 61st Wings of the Seventy-two Column Demon God.On the other side, the human body, shining with blue luster, is most like a human being, crossing a blue winged horse and is itself a handsome man two meters away. However, both he and his horse have a pair of red eyes shining. Under the shadow of the glare around myself, it is even more bizarre.This is the seventh devil, the demon rides the magic deer.The devils ranked among the last twelve devils in the seventy-two pillars are eight-point peaks. The sixty devils before the deities are all nine steps. The three spots in front of them are the 19th and 2nd orders. Although they are all the devils who are ranked behind, for Long Haochen and the Holy Spirit, it is also an inexorable existence of terror.In front of these three devils, there are one hundred Mozu strong people. With their status as Mozu, they are not enough to have their tribes. These are their pro-defensive.The green demon rides on the magical defensive corps and the worst one-hundred-thousand-thousandth-order green-knife demons.The pro-guard of the Winged Ogres is a hundred double-headed konjac. It is also a fifth-order squad, but the double-headed konjac with flying ability is not more than a Betta-flying demon.The flame-lion demon Anluo’s defensive guard was a flaming konjac whose body glowed red-red and was over three meters tall. Each has six-step repairs.The three devils plus three hundred pro-guards, there they are here, just like a sky-high as the only way to retreat in the glorious Angel of the Knights. It's no easy task to rush over.The voice of the Holy Spirit rang in Long Chen's morning ear. "We can't fight hard. The important thing is to delay the time. The Exorcism Gate must have seen these three magic frogs appear. In ten minutes, we need to hold up to ten minutes. The reinforcements will be able to arrive."Listening to him, Long Haochen knew that the Holy Spirit had already recognized the facts he left behind.The three devils apparently did not expect the Holy Spirit to see that they did not let the Knights of the Glorious Angels initiate the assault to seize this lifeline that had returned to the Exorcism Gate, but instead insisted on keeping the entire lineup. Therefore, their overall response speed is slower.Just as the Holy Spirit did not expect that the three devils would specially arrange tactics for the sake of shining the Knights of the Angels, the three devils did not think that the Holy Spirit could be so determined. Considering them slightly, they also understand that this is the reinforcement of the Holy Spirit's waiting for exorcism. Therefore, these three individuals immediately ordered the attack without hesitation. As long as the defeating of the Knights of the Glorious Angels and the nightly thorns is a heavy blow to the Temple Alliance. This immediately led the pro-guard to rush.For the two people of the Holy Spirit and Long Haochen, how could the three devils completely ignore the two individuals in their eyes? What's more, they could not think of the Holy Spirit who was the exorcist of the exorcism and would like to be able to play the Knights of the Glorious Angels.Seeing that the enemy was less than a hundred meters away from the enemy, the Holy Spirit suddenly turned and smiled at Long Haochen, saying: “Do you know why the Mozu people have seventy-two pillar demons but have not been able to truly destroy our humanity? We must know that we humans are nine. There are less than 20 strong people."Long Haochen shook her head blankly.The Holy Spirit said: "That's because we humans have a legacy that has survived in splendid times, and we humans have the equipment that the Mozu doesn't have. You don't move here, they obviously ignore our existence. I will Let them face it up. To prepare for the run, I came back and immediately took me to the left. Today we will see how much time we can fight for the Knights.""Wait a minute, this will give you. You can explode your potential for a short time, but you will be weak for a while after using it." As he said, Long Haochen gave the hearts of the Holy Spirit two fingers of the immortality in his fingers. Face the jasper body Dan and the impotence Dan. As for Hui Lingdan, this kind of thing is obviously useless for the Holy Spirit whose spiritual power is close to 30,000.The Holy Spirit took the drug directly into his mouth and looked at him with surprise. "You can't see that you are rich enough. Do your best to prepare yourself for a mad run. Use whatever is under pressure. ”When the voice falls, the toes of the Holy Spirit are tapped on the ground and the whole person has come out.This time, Long Haochen did not keep up. He had the courage to fight a war. However, he would not be stumbling. Even if he had only a chance, he would strive hard.None of the opposing enemies is weaker than him, but there are also three powerful devils who are so powerful. The execution of the Holy Spirit's tactics is obviously the most important. In vagueness, he also understands what the Holy Spirit will do.When the Holy Spirit flew out of his body, his body became blurred, and he couldn't capture his position with the perception of Long Haochen.The three devil's three hundred pro-guards, the assault on the forefront is the green-green double-pole devil. At the moment, the foremost one is only less than 50 meters from Long Haochen.Haoyue's neck is straight, "the three big heads are staring at the front. Long Haochen can't see its eyes because he sits on his back.Small fire, small light, small green, three head six eyes, eyes are exactly the same. That is endless icy and arrogant. It is like a generation of kings who control the world looking down upon their own slaves. Even if it is the same when its gaze shifts to the three giant demon pillars in the distance.Sitting on its back, Long Haochen also swallowed a jasper body Dan, a bullet and a back to the spirit of Dan. In a moment, he just felt that his body was getting hot quickly. In the Holy Spirit Stove inside the chest, the spiritual power in the liquid is like boiling and stirring.Long Haochen had a layer of red full of excitement on the skin of the entire person. Even his golden eyes were as if two clusters of flames had burned.He was the first time he had eaten, but he did not expect this effect to be so fierce. The hot feeling even made his perceptions suffer."Yeah." Emergency in the front of a green double-pole knife suddenly jumped into the sky, went straight to Long Hao Chen pounced. The huge front limbs are lifted up and it is clear that the dragons will be shredded in the morning."Kill" Long Hao Chen shouted, at this time he, whether it is war or murder, unprecedented power. With one leg pushing hard, he jumped directly from the back of the moon and rushed in against the green blade.Haoyue does not belong to the kind of Warcraft that assists Knights in direct assault. It is better at assisting and assisting attacks.Long Haochen just took off and flew up. Xiaoguang blew out a golden light on him. It was a blazing flame. It was actually the fire of the sun that Long Haochen had just used.However, the difference between the fire of the Sun and the dragon's own ignited in a moment, it instantly flowed from him to the double sword, and was attached to his first attack.The sword of the Holy Spirit and the blue rain, the hibiscus of light, are like the two suns that suddenly light up on the earth. Under the action of the spirit of the imperial elixir, the inner spiritual power of Long Haochen is like an explosion.The light of the sun that the small light sends out is like the flaming flames of Yaoyue. The two complement each other. In conjunction with the eruption of Long Haochen, this blow is full of arrogance."Crossing and smashing," Long Haochen's double-swords in the hands and the green-green double-handed swords and a pair of fore-limb razor clashes together. The shrill breaking sound mixed with the horror of the light properties fluctuates instantaneously.The pair of forelimbs of the green-green double-edged sword actually burst into pieces by the dragon's morning, and Long Haochen also fell on the ground under the action of the force of the anti-earthquake.Have to say that these devils and devils are even more embarrassing than ordinary demon, even if it is the most powerful weapon broken, this green and double-edged sword actually does not retreat, but instead directly to the Long Hao dawn, actually trying to use His own solid body crushed him.The bright dragon squeaked sounded instantly, and Long Sui's twin swords tangled with a light golden scale floating around his body. The golden light swayed and shrilled friction sounded that the solid carapace of the green-green double-edged sword was broken and the blue rain and sharp razor blade of Furong immediately cut off its life.