Chapter 60.Lin Xin displays floating wood, greatly reducing the weight of four people, and will not cause too much trouble for Haoyue. Wang Yuanyuan, Sima Xian, and Han Yu were followed by three people. "With their spiritual strength, even if they rushed for a day, they would be able to adhere to it. Besides, Lin Xin's flotation will be taken care of from time to time.Other hunting mobs also have their own methods. After all, they are at least the fourth-order repairs, the overall speed of progress is by no means lower than a light cavalry squad.Yang Wenzhao led his Tier 2 hunting team at the end of the team. The people all walked in silence. After two hours, they stopped after the Mozu camp approached a hill 300 miles away.Long Haochen summoned the heads of various hunting missions together, spread out maps, and searched the surrounding conditions through the eyes of the magician.“Yes, that's it. According to the intelligence, this road is the only way for the Mozu grain transport team.” Long Haochen whispered at a relatively flat dirt road below the shank.Yang Wenzhao led the leader: "There is still a long time before the dawn, I think we should send a few people to go out and explore." Others are here to stay, ambush. ”Long Haochen said: "It's better to send people out than send World of Warcraft. Which team's summoner has the ability to summon flying Warcraft?"Listening to him, everyone's eyes are bright. After all, this is the first time everyone has cooperated, and it is still a military operation. Far from understanding.Yang Wenzhao made a forehead and said: "Liao Yu of our group can.Or you think thoughtful. I let him send a flight to explore the World of Warcraft, and the eyes of the magician's exploration also have to constantly look around. ”Yang Wenzhao briefly explained a few words to Liao Yu. In a short time, several small and flamboyant flying warships flew off quietly and disappeared instantly.She recalled: "According to intelligence, this time the food delivery team has as many as three thousand demons. Most of them are low-level Mozu. How do we attack when we fight?"Long Hao Chen's brow wrinkled, looked at the crowd and said: "Everybody has any suggestions, you can talk about."Lu Xidao said: "I think it is still a unified deployment. The main attack by the magician, then the knights, fighters, summoners and then launch an attack together. Assassin responsible for the joint assassination of each other's head. Our pastor is responsible for the overall situation."This Lu Xi is the head of the No. 4 hunting demon corps and is the only fifth-order priest of Li Xin’s group leader.After listening to him, Long Haochen and Yang Wenzhao both frowned and unconsciously. Several other heads of the hunting demon group also made their own thoughts but did not take the initiative to express their opinions."I think this is not very appropriate." Long Haochen said.“Huh?” Lu Xi was surprised to see Long Haochen. He is already 24 years old this year. Participation in this trial of the Moss Monsters is against the age line. He is also considered to be older in the crowd. He still admired the strength of Long Haochen, but Long Haochen looked too young after all. He was the captain for this action, not only Lu Xi, but also the heads of other hunting demons.Long Haochen said: “If the army commander uses this kind of combat method, it is naturally no problem if it is used by the military. However, we are not the primary problem of the military or are not familiar with each other. In this case, we face thousands of It is very difficult for us to reach our target, although there are already hundreds of miles away from the Mozu camp, but the Mozu people have an air force and when they discover that the grain transport team here is attacking, their air force will set off for the first time. As long as we are dragged, it will be difficult to complete this task."Lu Xi brow slightly wrinkled: "What do you think you should do?"Long Haochen said: “Each hunting team is fighting each other and is rushing into enemy camps from different locations. The food delivery team must be a long serpentine and the front will pull long for each of us. The group's familiarity with the way these days and the match-up on the battlefield yesterday have at least established a preliminary understanding. Attacks from different locations will not interfere with each other and they will also be able to exert their maximum combat effectiveness. As long as the enemy grain carriers are cut off and set fire to each other, they will inevitably cause great losses to the Mozu. Try to gain time as much as possible. ”Lu Xi Chen said: "But you haven't thought about it. In this way, each of our hunting demons can face the siege of the strong enemy. There are only six people in each hunt group. In this case, What to do if you are under danger?"Long Haochen had a good idea: "It is not ruled out that we will encounter such a situation. Only then can the teams help each other and help as much as we can. And, with the overall strength of our teams, we must meet even the seven strongest players. Can also resist for a while. The possibility that the food delivery team has seven strong players is extremely low. More importantly, please do not forget that this is a trial. What we must do is to complete the task as far as possible, or even to earn as much merit as possible. It is important to protect one’s own security, but this task is also our leader. ”Can become a member of the hunting demons, everyone is a wise man, oh the last sentence of the morning, everyone suddenly understood.Lu He eye also revealed a bit of awe-inspiring color, eyes with deep meaning to see Long Hao Chen, but no longer questioned. In the heart, he was secretly surprised. Although this dragon is not very old in the early morning, his mind is quite meticulous, and he is calm and wise in his own answer. More crucially, he found the focus of this trial. That is to accomplish the task as much as possible and gain merit.There is no doubt that Long Haochen’s arrangement is most conducive to this goal. Everyone is a hunting demons. Everyone hopes to gain some meritorious service. Once they are handed out, they will probably be confined to each other because they are in different teams.Although Long Haochen did not explicitly say, Lu Xi also naturally thought of this. There is no such problem in each hunting mission. Although scattered, it seems that the strength is also dispersed. But after all, every hunting genius is a full-time match, "the ability to survive is extremely strong, and it will fight for your own hunting devil. And the ten leaders won't follow, but they will let go." Do you have a devastating blow to your own hunting demons?The eyes of the heads of the leaders are already bright at this time. Everyone is eager to try. Now what they want is how to lead the members to kill the Mozu as much as possible.“I agree with Chen’s opinion.” Yang Wenzhao raised his hand for the first time.Dememory nodded slightly. "I agree."Lu Xishen took a breath. "Agree."Their four opinions were unified, and the other heads also understood the meaning of Long Haochen. The combat plan passed immediately. The next step is some details of the arrangements.There are also gaps in the strength of the ten hunting demons. Long Haochen averaged their first, second, third, and fourth hunters on the battle line. In this way, they could rescue the weaker hunters nearby. Magic group.Ten hunting mobs were quietly separated and arranged in the hills around two miles. The specific order is this: the No. 5 hunting demons are at the front, and then they are their No. 1 hunting demons, followed by No. 6, No. 2, No. 7, No. 3, No. 8, and No. 4 No. At the end, there are the Nineth and Ten Commandments.The two hunters are closer together. The fourth closest to their hunting team is also the strongest team in this team.Such a temporarily formed team, under the quick arrangement of several heads of delegation, can be considered in an orderly manner, each resting in place, waiting for the arrival of this mission goal.The dark horizon gradually turned dark blue and a bird flew back from afar. A moment later, the hunting demons received the news and the intelligence was accurate. The Mozu Grain Fleet was coming from this side, and about half an hour was about to arrive. The number is about 3,000 or so. The Zelin family of double-edged swords and devil-eyed magicians dominated.All members of the hunting team began to prepare, quietly looking at the East.When the first glory of dawn appeared in the far east, a long line of people appeared in the vision of everyone.Every eight Zelinians pull a large cart and are slowly moving in their direction. The eyes of the team’s wizards began to work. There were about two hundred carriages in the team. All of them were double-edged, and some strong double-edged swords and magic eyes were guarded. Only a thousand demons are responsible for guarding the food team.“In the early morning, there was no problem in the overall observation, but there was a food truck in the front of the team that looked weird.” Lin Xin whispered to Long Haochen while he released the observation eyes.Lin Xin will not attack, but the assistive magic is unsurpassed in all of the hunting demons. His eyes of exploration are much more careful to observe."Oh? What's weird?" Long Haochen asked quickly.Lin Xindao: “Other food trucks left deep marks on the ground. Only the traces left on the ground are very shallow. More importantly, there are six on both sides of the food truck. The Magic Eye Warlock, which is one lap higher than the normal magic eye magician, and the four green and green swords are guarded. It seems that there is something important. According to the current arrangement, this carriage will be within our range of attacks. It will be tricky."Long Hao Chen slightly leading the first six powerful magic eye magician plus four green double-pole magic, is indeed a powerful force.Sima Xian is already full of war in his eyes. "Take care of him and kill his mother."Wang Yuanyuan shook his own shield of giant spirits. Although he did not say anything, he immediately touched her three spars and looked at Long Haochen, waiting for his decision.