Chapter V Knight Mount (2)"If you want to find a death, I don't mind sending you to meet the one who just died." Li Xin's cold voice was filled with fierce murder.The two brawny men are also fighters, one holding a heavy epee, the other holding a sword and a shield. Looking at Li Xin, his face was shining with uncertain light. They naturally knew that they were not responsible. Long Haochen was a rogue in the duel. Even the city defense forces could not interfere.The soldier with the heavy epee clenched and yelled: "My younger brother just made a few jokes. This kid will kill him. Is this your knight's kindness?"One of the two fighters is a third-order second-class division, and the other is a second-order and eighth-level fighters. The two are naturally not afraid of Li Xin. But they can not but care not Lixin behind the Knights Templar.Li Xin snorted dismissively. “You have blind eyes? My younger brother is a disciplinary knight, not a guardian knight. The discipline of disciplinary knights is to eliminate evil and to be good. To my brother’s temper, if not to your partner, If you are extremely disgusting, how can he kill you? Not convinced, you go together."While talking, Li Xin's two-handed sword illusions a series of strange trajectories in the air. The pale golden light energy spurts out of her body."The law of Herod," said a long, squeaking voice, in a strangely distorted trajectory, a tall, strong, back-winged horse emerged.This horse was presented as an extremely rare pink. It was about eight feet long and six feet high. Its back wings were not wide enough to seem to fly with it. There was a small bulge above the head. Its eyes are rose-red, but as soon as it first appeared, a powerful energy atmosphere broke out from it. The rose colored eyes exude awe-inspiring flavor.Li Xin tiptoe, get up and fall on the horse, watching the two knights opposite, his eyes full of contempt and disdain.The nickname of Li Xin's Hell Rose is from her mount. This is a minor rose unicorn. Even if it is in a minor status, it is a true five-level preliminary Warcraft. With it, not to mention the third-order warrior, even if it is the fourth-order, met her around to go. Originally the same-order warrior was not an opponent of the Cavaliers."She is a knight returning from the Cavalier Mount?" The soldier holding the shield exclaimed, and the two looked at each other and dared not say anything more. They quickly picked up their bodies and left.Many adventurers next to him were whispering. "These guys are foreign to see. Even the first day of the Lunar House, the hell didn't know Rose. He deserved to lose. And she still...""Sister." Long Haochen had been standing by Li Xin's side. After killing him, his face didn't change much.Li Xin jumped from the back of the rose unicorn and smiled and said: "Silly kid, what are you doing for the Adventurers Guild?" She turned up to listen to Long Guichen and asked the Adventurers Guild. He didn't trust that he came alone to this dragon. The place where the snakes were mixed just followed, just in time to catch up with this scene.Long Haochen said: "The teacher said let me take a secondary task."Li Xin was silent and said: "Your teacher is really worried about you. Let's go, I will go with you."Once again entering the Adventurers Guild, those adventurers who looked at Long Haochen's eyes changed. Not to mention that he had such a strong sister around him, but he just killed a few axe warriors under a few strokes. The strength of the show is absolutely accurate!Although these people do not know God forbidden to parry, but always see Long Haochen's age, such a small is the prospective knight, and the Knights Templar does not protect him like a baby? Which still dare to make times."The Cavaliers and Knights of the Knights will give you the badge." The girl who had been behind the counter took her back to the Adventurers' Guild and walked up to it. Respectfully gave the badge back to Long Haochen. Just after seeing this badge, she also ran out to watch the battle. Everything is in view. At this point, watching Long Yuchen's eyes is more of a curiosity.The next thing was simple: Long Haochen selected a task to hunt ten second-tier mid-level World of Warcraft in the Haoyue Swamp outside Beiyue City North Baili."My brother, I'll go with you, or I do not trust. Although there is no advanced Warcraft Warcraft Haoyue Marsh, but there are still three, and even there have been four. And, I can go with you a little faster.""Sister, it's not good. The teacher is letting me finish the task alone.""What's bad is that you complete the task alone! Your mission is to kill itself. I'm only responsible for protecting you from being attacked by other Warcrafts. It's all set, let's go."As she said, Li Xin took Long Guichen out of the Adventurers Guild and went straight to her rose unicorn and went out of town.This was the first time that Long Haochen was riding on a ride, and she was very curious about it.Sitting on the back of a rose unicorn was extremely stable, and Li Xin was behind him. He could smell a faint rose fragrance, and he didn't know if he was a sister or a rose unicorn.Soon after, they both left the city. To the surprise of Long Haochen, when they were out of the city, Li Xin not only did not stop the horse, but instead the soldiers who defended the city saluted her.In the case of Haoyue City, the rose unicorn released the speed, and the scene in which Long Haochen shocked appeared. A light layer of red light was released from the rose unicorn, and the surrounding temperature rose significantly. The speed increased sharply, but with the protection of the pale red light curtain, he could not feel any wind blows. The wings of the rose unicorn opened from time to time, making the running more stable and faster. It was like Flight in Royal Air generally."So fast! My sister, your mount is awesome. How can we have this kind of horse?" Long Haochen is still a child after all. How can such novel feelings not leave him excited?Li Xin smiled and said: "As long as you answer me a question, I will tell you."Long Hao Chen said: "Sister, you ask."Li Hsing said: “Have you killed anyone before? Otherwise, after killing the axe soldier, I see you have no reaction. I will never forget the pain after the first kill, but I spit it out. Three days and three nights!"Long Haochen scratched his head and said, "I haven't killed anyone before, but I've killed World of Warcraft. The teacher said that if you treat the enemy, you must treat him like Warcraft. You can't have any mercy on your part. Before you have determined that the other person has died, Never let go of it. Since he is a World of Warcraft, why shouldn't I be uncomfortable? I can kill a lot of World of Warcraft and I haven't seen him after the final blow.” Actually, he didn’t even know Because of the bitterness in the ants' crypts, this feeling of fear has long since been largely removed.Li Xin said helplessly: "I really don't know if I should say that you are pure and innocent or you are cold-blooded. However, what your teacher said is correct.Long Haochen was eager to know how to have such a good mount as a rose unicorn, quickly queried: "Sister, how to get this rose unicorn!"Li Xin said: "Don't worry. Actually, even if I don't tell you, you will know it later. Because you, like me, have the qualification to go to the Mount of Knights.""What is the Mount of Knights?" Long Haochen asked curiously."In our knights' temple, most of the knights can only act as their own horses by choosing horses or taming wild animals. But there are some exceptions, that is, the most talented young knights in each branch. Before the age of 20, he can become a third-level or more knight by the Cavaliers appraisal, and is qualified to travel to the Cavalier Sanctuary on the recommendation of his house.You will be cavalier when you are ten years old and become a knight before you are twenty years old. No problem."