Chapter 57 The Three Devils (Part Two)After solving the intrinsic inhabitants of the Yi people, the Mozutian army on the other side only rushed over and the Holy Spirit did not hesitate to command Long Yuchen to continue to rewind.They only need to rush back to a distance of about one kilometer, and they will be able to enter the protection zone.Although this attack failed, it also destroyed a lot of demons and took some time for the exorcism. As long as the loss is not great, the Holy Spirit can accept it.It was when Long Haochen rode the lunar month and finally turned his head, and also put away the sun's fire. A strange scene was shocked.On the way to their return, three huge beams of light suddenly rose into the sky.Each light beam has a diameter of 30 meters. Under the dark night sky, the three light columns up to Baizhang are quite obvious.The color of the three beams of light is different. In the middle of the Cretaceous, there is a red light beam with black and cyan on both sides.It can be seen vaguely that in these three large columns of light, there seems to be a true pillar. The giant pillars are engraved with countless magnificent but strange patterns. At least that's what Long Haochen had never seen before.The three huge beams of light exude a strong atmosphere of coercion. Blocking them on the necessary path is like an insurmountable battle in front of the Glorious Angels.The situation that the Holy Spirit was most reluctant to see happened after all. Obviously, the Mozu had already set up traps and waited for the Knights to shine. This trap does not seem to be smart. Can always be. The Glorious Angel Order is always a great threat to the Mozu. It is impossible for the Holy Spirit, who is the chief of the Exorcism and Offensive, to mobilize this strength to join the battle.After all, the battlefield of the Cavaliers is in the plain, not the defender. In the end, it was still succeeded by the enemy.The Holy Spirit took a deep breath and the whole person seemed to have entered a strange state. Long Haochen clearly felt that the entire military chief behind him seemed to have become empty and more elusive than before."Long Yinchen, you should know Long Xingyu." At this time, the Holy Spirit sent a question to Long Haochen instead."Huh?" Long Haochen had a well in his heart.The Holy Spirit smiled a little and said: "I didn't expect that I could meet the descendants of Long Big Brother. You don't have to deny that. Fighting and turning round sword is the skill created by Long Big Brother. If you don't pass it, you can learn it. In this world, there are only three people I know of this skill. One is the dragon and the other is you."When he paused here, he murmured with an emotional voice: "The one after the storm is me."Long Haochen turned to look at the Holy Spirit. He suddenly discovered that the military chief's face was very gentle and looked at his eyes even more fiercely."General adults, you..."The smile of the Holy Spirit continues unabated. "I was once the most loyal supporter of the Big Brother behind him. He is my idol. In my heart, Big Brother's status even surpasses that of Grandpa. I think I can see Dragon Big Brother fighting again on the battlefield today. Is he still okay?"Long Hao Chen shook his head gently and said: "I have not seen my father for a long time.""Daddy? You really are his son. Haha, all right, it's good. It seems that adopting children is really a vision." The Holy Spirit laughed. Not far away is the three strange giant beams of light, but at this time he actually can laugh out.“What's wrong with you when you grow up?” Long Haochen's heart was faintly uneasy and growing stronger.The Holy Spirit said indifferently: "It's nothing. It just reminds me of something before. Do these magic scorpions think that I can make the Angel of the Knights annihilate? It's ridiculous. You don't want to attack yourself and ride and ride to the left. I will deal with it myself.""Yes. The chief is holding people. What are the three pillars of light?" Long Yuchen couldn't help curiosity and asked while accepting the command of the Holy Spirit.The Holy Spirit answered the non-questioning question: "This is your first time on the battlefield?"Long Haochen nodded subconsciously.The Holy Spirit smiled a little, and the handsome face showed a strange sensation. "Your luck is really good. You can face the top of the Mozu at the very first time on the battlefield. The Seventy-two Demon God heard it. That's three of them. ”Long Haochen stunned and looked back at him. He really wanted to ask if the seven-point peak had not reached the eighth-order chief of the military. Why did he laugh now? According to Long Haochen's knowledge, even the weakest of the seventy-two demons of the Mozu are the strongest of the eighth-order peaks.At this moment, the Holy Spirit is a rising hand. A mass of light shoots into the air, and the halo spreads, forming a dazzling flower in the air.Long Haochen now also saw it. In the darkness, this is the way the Holy Spirit sent his commands to the Knights of the Glorious Angels.Sure enough, with the spread of the halo, the speed of the Glorious Angelian Knights following them abruptly decreased, and they quickly arranged their formations. In a very short period of time, they changed from the former charge cones to the defense rounds, all glorious angels. The knights are all outward and no longer move in their entirety, and the formation is completely defensive.At this time, Long Haochen had not yet recovered from the shock of the 72 pillars of the demon God said by the Holy Spirit. When he was very young, he had heard about the existence of the 72 pillar demon God. It was precisely because that was over 6,000 years ago. The advent of the seventy-two demon pillars brought the continent from a glorious era to a dark age.Looking at the three pillars of light that seemed to take over from heaven and earth, unconsciously, he only felt that he was so small."Stop." The Holy Spirit commanded.Long Haochen rushed to stop Haoyue. At this point, the three giant beams of light began to move, seemingly slow, but in fact they quickly came to this side.The figure flashed. "The Holy Spirit has fallen to the front and looks back at Long Haochen. The smile on his face seems to have become much warmer." Remember my words, and go back from the left, your strength will not cause them anymore. s concern. Afterwards, if you are a son of a dragon brother, I will be relieved. I am such a daughter. ”In an instant, Long Haochen finally understood why he would follow the Holy Spirit on the battlefield. It turned out that he was actually the father of Caier, the husband of the Blue Dragon Rain Magician. No wonder he was so cold to his attitude before, but at this time, because of his father's approval.The mind of the Holy Spirit simply confessed that sentence, and he went slowly forward, meeting the three giant pillars of light. A faint gray air flow started to condense on him. The whole person became like a gray crystal. A pair of gray flaps that were much smaller than the wings of the Huiyao Cavaliers slowly opened behind him. Then it converges and clings to the back. In his hands, each one has a gray light that stretches out like a pair of gray short swords.In front of this scene, it is really too shocking to see in the eyes of Long Haochen. Under the dark night sky, the Holy Spirit is so alone that it can withstand the far-reaching power of the Mozu.The three giant beams of light are getting closer and closer, and compared with the light they bloom, the Holy Spirit appears to be so small. But his shoulders, which don't look too broad, seem to be able to withstand everything and can prop up the sky.Long Haochen did not ride the moon and immediately walked away from the left side. He watched as the Holy Spirit walked forward step by step in this place full of bloody smells. He only felt that he seemed to hold anything in his chest.Take a deep breath, no doubt, this bloody smell on the battlefield, the air must be muddy. However, in this tone of deep breathing, Long Haochen closed his eyes.His heart is burning, his blood is burning, his spiritual power is burning, and Hua Yuyu’s warfare is burning.Can I really go back so? In the presence of the Knights of the Angels and the Night Thorn, how about going back?What is the glory of the knight? If I do that, will I still serve as a knight?How do I explain to Caier? I gave up her father to escape alone?Slowly tilting his head back, Long Haochen was filled with pride in his eyes. "I am the owner of the Throne of the Last Days and the God of Killings, the son of the verdict and judgment of the Knights of the Dragon King Xingyu. Even if it is a battlefield, how can I do it? Deserters?"When he opened his eyes again, Long Haochen's eyes were full of firmness. The three heads of Haoyue looked back at him and nodded gently at him.Long Haochen communicates with his mind and can naturally feel the heart of Haoyue. There was a blood bond between them. If Long Hao died in the morning, Haoyue could not live alone. Therefore, he did not let it go. If so, then it will be life and death.Deeply glanced at the exorcism gate in the distance, Long Haochen's face showed a trace of tenderness, Caier, if I can go back alive, I want to kiss your face.“Ye Yue, we will go.” Long Haochen shouted, and he had already had more than a few stimuli in his hand. He took a back to the panacea, and he fully urged the operation of the Styrian Inner Spirit Stove, restoring as much as possible. Previously consumed spiritual power.The four-monthly faltering of the lunar month soon followed the Holy Spirit.The Holy Spirit suddenly turned back and angered, "How can you not leave?"Long Haochen’s eyes fixed on him steadfastly and persistently. “I'm a knight. If I abandon you, what qualifications should I take with you? I'm the son of Long Xingyu, and only the dragon who died in the war. In the early morning, there was no abandonment of Long Haochen who had escaped his companion alone."The Holy Spirit stood still and looked at Long Haochen's gaze. He seemed to have seen the knight of the judgment and trial of the invincible battlefield.Long Yinchen's solid eyes had already told him a lot of things. He wouldn’t back down because he had to face strong enemies. At this moment, the heart of the Holy Spirit suddenly produced a deep regret, why do you want to make Long Hao morning out of adventure!