Chapter 58—Burning of the Spirit of the Holy Spirit (II)The seventy-two devils have one thing in common: they are proud. The Holy Spirit has too many dealings with them. How can we not know?"Well, I shouldn't have brought you out in the morning. If you just left, you should be able to escape." The Holy Spirit's voice began to show strange changes. It seemed that every word was a nose, and his voice became crisp. Kind of tender.Long Haochen was very calm at this time. "If I don't stay, I am afraid that you will not even have the last trace of life."Yes! Released the terrorist attack just now. If only the Holy Spirit is there, then there will only be one result. It will be shattered by the three demons in the rage. The presence of Long Haochen obviously can also win some time for him, even though this time is running out.There was a strange smile on the face of the Holy Spirit. “Although I don’t want you to stay. But you really stay and I’m happy for the Big Brother. You’re not his son. If we can go back alive this time, you son-in-law, I recognize it."Long Haochen had a red face and said, "I and Caier",..."The Holy Spirit smiled lightly. At this time, he seemed to be in a very relaxed mood, as if all the burdens had been unloaded. "You have all been sleeping in one bed, but will you explain it to me?"Long Hao stayed a bit in the morning. Although he was only 14 years old, what the man and the woman slept on in a bed meant he knew it. Yes! Me and Caier have already reached this point.A trace of warmth rose in the bottom of my heart, and Cher was still waiting for me to go back.The strong survival will suddenly erupt in the deep heart. Micro will try to inject his inner spiritual power into the body of Haoyue. He hopes to help him increase his points.At this point, looking from a distance, what you can see is a group of blue lights running in front of you, and three huge beams of light trailing behind.The speed of Haoyue has indeed reached the extreme, and in the hurry, its speed has even reached the level of the eighth-level Warcraft. Although this is still far from enough, it is already a full level of performance. Bloody foam has leaked from the nose and nose of its three heads."If I could go back and say goodbye to Caier for me." The Holy Spirit whispered, "I know she hates me, and even hates everyone at home. But this is life. When she has the reincarnation of the constitution, she will In the future of mankind, this is fate.I can't stop or stop my grandfather's decision.But I only had one daughter and no more children because she hopes to make up for it with all our love for the rest of our lives. She had suffered in the past. Unfortunately, it seems that I did not have a chance. Do you know when you wake up in the morning? What I want most now is to hear her call me a dad."The distance between the three devils is getting closer and closer. Three hundred meters and another hundred meters have entered their range of attacks.The Flame Lion, An Andy, gave a shout of fury in his mouth, and his hair must be open. A circle of red ripples spreads in the air instantaneously, enveloped towards the bright moon.Hearing this roar, Long Haochen and the Holy Spirit are all body jolts. They only feel that their own strength has been completely recorded in this roar. It was so soft that it fell on the back of the moon. Moment lost instantly.The Holy Spirit was in a moment before the coma, and it seemed that he had grasped anything from the bosom into the dragon's breastplate.Surprisingly, the bright moon at this time actually stopped. The swift forward sculpted body glided several tens of meters forward at high speed, then put his limbs on the floor and turned around in the taxi.In the small light and the small fire, their original brilliance was re-emerged. Three big heads were erected at the same time. Among the three heads and six heads, Zimang was shining, and all of its scales turned into purple full of evil spirits at this moment. .Xiao Huo, Xiao Guang, and Xiao Qing also yelled at the same time. In the face of the nine-step strong flame lion magic Anluo Xian, they actually did not have the slightest fear, their roar actually gave birth to a circle of lavender spread out.The lavender halo was only a drop in the ocean compared with the aura released by the lion's roar of the flame lion. It is only equivalent to the fifth-grade humanity of the fifth-grade human beings, but it is a nine-step demon flame lion. What a disproportionate number of hostile parties are!However, on the moment of the roaring moaning in the bright moon, whether it was the flame lion demon Anluo or the wing cow madness republican blue demon riding magic deer, actually made the same action. The momentum of the impulse came to an abrupt end.It was such a strange scene that the three great magic pillars that kept the rush were suddenly stopped in the rapid rush. But they stopped then.If someone can see the expressions on the faces of these three devils at this time, then they will find that they are stunned in all three eyes. I stare at the purpleness that gradually dispersed in the air with the waves.Haoyue had a high head, three heads and six eyes, and he glanced at them coldly. This turned his figure again and fled toward the side.This time, its speed is not so fast, but, surprisingly, the three devils did not even recover. Just stare at the figure on the moon.At this moment, Li Xiao rang from the direction of the exorcism and could clearly see that dozens of brilliance leaped from the head of the exorcism Guanyin. They had different radiances. They were the first, the whole body. Exuded with a thick gray, running, the residual image even behind him pulled out 100 meters away, like a gray dragon, toward the direction of the three devils.Behind him, the most striking is the ten silver figures. If Long Haochen is still awake at this time, he can find that it is the ten Templar Knights headed by Gao Yingjie.They all wore Mithril base tactics, each with a silver halo, and even if the mount had no time to summon it, it followed the gray figure in front of it.There are three figures floating in the sky. Because they are at high altitude, they cannot see clearly. However, when they appeared, the three demon pillars headed by the flame-lion lion, Anluoxian, were suppressed by a few points.The winged cow savage game Republican Blue Demon rides the magic deer to fall on Anluo Xian. At the moment, Anluo’s pair of lions clenched. “The light will go back and say it. I hope all we have just seen is just our illusion.”The faint hint of purple that had brought them to him was from the bones of the forest. Although the purple figure was still very small, the trembling in their inheritance was instantaneously stimulated.The three devil's pillars were grouped together. The three devils stepped out one step and merged into the devil's column. During the rising of the figure, the devil's column light faded. Just as the exorcists were rushing to the front, the three devils disappeared together with their demon pillar glory. Only the more than 100 flame konjac left by the exorcists were vented.Along with the emergence of these powerful humans, they did not know how the Mozu army commanded them. The black pressure retreated like a tidal wave. The Knights of the Glorious Angels suffered a sudden reduction in pressure, and there was no order from the chief officer not to chase them. They still kept the rounds slowly withdrawing to prevent the Mozu from attacking again.Most of the more than a hundred flame konjac were killed in the hands of gray figures that first rushed to them. None of these six-order mojos could stop him from sharing. Instantly turned into a body, only their burning flames are still rising.The gray figure finally slowed down, revealing his true colors. Is it the deputy chief of the Temple Alliance, the assassin of the Temple Hall, and the nine-order Knight of the Holy Moon?The slender month of the Holy Moon is full of murderousness in his eyes, but hidden in the depths of the killing is a touch of deep concern.The vision swept away and looked toward the distance. The Haoyue, who had run away, was slowly returning to this side. Its physical strength seems to consume a lot, the speed of running is unpleasant, and the body's light is dim. In particular, the vicious purple color before it has long since disappeared.For the bright moon, the Holy Moon is naturally impressed. When you see it, Rao is the owner of the Assassin Temple who has seen many unknown faces. The faces of the veterans have also changed.Long Haochen's characteristics of this Warcraft partner are too obvious, no semicolon. How can it be here?The three devils appeared on the battlefield. In order to release the strongest fighting force, they inspired the power of the demon pillar they belonged to.As the Holy Spirit said, they only need to fight for time for the army to wait for reinforcements. The Mozu is calculating humanity. Is human being counted as a demon? The strongest person in the exorcism gate is not the peak of the Holy Spirit. Here is also the headquarters of the Assassin Temple. The real strong man will only shoot at the most critical moment. Therefore, the sacred warrior received the news at the first time and immediately hesitated. They have also been waiting for Devil to appear on the battlefield. Although it is difficult for a person's strength to change a war, the assassination of the enemy's main commanders is a good game for assassins.The gray figure stepped into the void, and when it appeared again in the next moment, it came to Haoyue.Looking at the two people who were in a coma on their backs, the Holy Moon only felt that their hearts were tight. One is his own pro-grandson and exorcist deputy military chief. The other is even more important. That is the heart of the Cavaliers League!With both hands at the same time, grab the two wrists. The soft spiritual power slowly flows into the two bodies and nourishes their bodies.Instead of looking at his grandson first, he first focused his attention on Long Haochen's body. After frowning for a moment, he gradually stretched out and secretly relieved. Finally this kid is fine.At this point, the figure in the air did not fall, and a crowd of Mithril base knights quickly followed it on the ground. Gao Yingjie also knows Hao Yue. He ran over for the first time. He almost blurted out and said, “Why would you be here in the morning?” Even forgetting that he was questioning was actually a nine-step strong man.Holy Moon glanced at him coldly and replied: "Go back and say."