Chapter 60: Grafting Wood (I)The breakfast in the food box is not what it is, but it is very rich. There are two kinds of low-ranking World of Warcraft eggs. Everyone can be assigned to it. There are also sweet and hot steamed buns. Broth, vegetables, and even fruit.The consumption of last night was not small. They were all young people. After a while, all the food was wiped out.Among the seven people, less milk and Chen Yinger have eaten less. Other people's appetites are better than those of adult soldiers.The bald priest, Sima Xian, patted his chest muscles with satisfaction. "I don't know when I can get on the battlefield. It was not fun yesterday."Long Hao Chen said: "That's right." ”"Taken? Tian Chang, did you go to the battlefield yesterday?" Lin Xin asked curiously. When it came back yesterday, it was already late. Long Haochen asked everyone to rest first and did not talk about their own experiences.Long Haochen took a look at the children around him. "Say:" Yes. Yesterday I was called by the general of the military and went to the battlefield with him. ”Hearing here, Caier apparently frowned.Long Haochen did not plan to conceal her son because he didn't want to lie to Cher, even if it was a lie of goodwill. However, the same thing, speaking out in different ways, the listener's feelings will be far away.“The general grown-up is actually the father of Caier. Yesterday, when my aunt saw me go back to bed with Cherei, she should have said to the general adult. So I will be called at night.”"They are against you..." Jerger grabbed Dragon's morning hand and nervousness was already showing up in the tone.Long Haochen smiled and said: "Do you see what I am doing now looks like something? Listen to my words.""In the beginning, the uncle was really not very polite to me, just let me follow him on behalf of the Knights of Glory Angels on the battlefield. But in the battle, St. Uncle recognized a skill I used, It turned out that he and my father were old knowledge. Later I fought side by side with the uncle and learned a lot of things. The uncle also specially gave me a skills book."Others seemed puzzled. Long Haochen said the process was too simple.Picker raised his head and said, "What about these?"Long Hao Chen said: "Then faced with a strong enemy," Uncle Saint, in order to protect me, cast his spirit back to the furnace. Although he returned safely, he was still in a coma."At the time of this remark, Long Haochen had been watching the change in his son's face, and what made him feel slightly distressed was that he had no sign of hearing the Holy Spirit's unconsciousness."On the battlefield, I had missed some of the Mozu, and I should have accumulated some talent to distribute it to everyone." In front of everyone, Long Haochen did not say anything about the Holy Spirit. He knows that adopting children is intractable and must not be rushed, let alone this is her private affairs.Wang Yuanyuan's doubting said, "It's no use. It's all your own fight, but it's not everyone's killing the enemy together."Long Haochen smiled and said: "Our team is in the running-in, splitting the merits is my proposal, how can we not play an exemplary role? Without Lin Xin's immortality, I may not even be able to come back alive. If someone needs special merit, will we all help him? I think that we have to run through the trials and run through the trials. It is important to understand each other in the battle, but what’s more important is that everyone Together, we are partners. Like brothers and sisters, the value of merit is good, but it can only be used where it is most needed to play its biggest role. Isn’t our 7-in-one uniting and sharing feats not the best?”As he said, he took his merits and tested the gems to test his own feats.When Long Haochen distributed the merit score to everyone, everyone was stupid because it was too much.When the seven people fought together, each talent was divided into more than 20 exploits. However, Long Haochen had distributed more than 50 exploits to each person this time. In the end, all the people’s merit scores were as high as 73. .Looking at the crowd's weird eyes, Long Haochenhehe said with a smile: "I'm behind the uncle's uncle, killing about dozens of green-green double-edged swords. There are so many meritorious deeds. I estimate that now we must be the most meritorious You haven't seen how unlucky the uncle has gone back to the stunners. Instantly kill the Mobs of the 100th and 6th orders."Chen Yinger laughed and said: "It's so good. In the early morning, the pie is falling in the sky. The people are in a good mood. It's delicious and there are merit points. The head of the team is following you."Sima Xian haha ​​smiled and said: "Sakura children said right, early morning, I was only convinced of your strength, and now I also served your character. You head of the group, indeed deserved. Looks like this There will be no chance of going to the city. What are we doing now?"Long Haochen said: "Everyone still practices each other. I first try to test the inner and outer spiritual values."It is very necessary to monitor everyone’s spiritual power inside and outside. Gao Yingjie told Long Haochen that the more the repair is high, the more it needs to be monitored to form a good team habit. This facilitates the tilt of the entire team's resources. For example, if a member is close to a breakthrough, the team can save a lot of time if he can afford to buy a drug for him. At the same time, he can improve the overall team's strength.Soon, the test results came out.According to the order from big to small, the number one spiritual power is Wang Yuanyuan, as high as 254. Among the fifth-order fighters, this is also an extremely terrible figure. The second one was Caier, 448, Longxi Chen had 369 spiritual power outside, Sima Xian 362, and Han Yu 275.As for two individuals who are related to magic, spiritual power is not worth mentioning.In the inner spiritual power, Caier was the first to be surprised, and the inner spiritual power was 2,590. This was already the fifth and third level. Coupled with the physique of her reincarnation, she is also the strongest of all, even if she does not consider the relentless spiritual furnace.The second spiritual force is Lin Xin. Inner spiritual power is 2,385. Then Han Yu is 2,270. Wang Yuanyuan was 2,160, and the fifth was at Long Haochen, 2095. Although Inner Spirit was only ranked fifth, he was second only to Cai Chou in actual combat effectiveness. Moreover, he broke through in the hunting demons trial. The speed with which this spiritual power has progressed is already quite alarming. After all five levels, the spiritual power within the body has obviously increased slowly.Sixth is Sima Xian, 1,920, and Chen Yinger is at the bottom, 1,850. Recently, the two people have been practicing with Poly Ganoderma, and the promotion is quite obvious.After seeing the spiritual power of himself and his companions, the people's eyes finally focused on the children. The first mentality of the children's inner spirituality was adopted, but the spiritual power was as high as more than 400, even higher than that of Sima Xian and Long Haochen when they were not mad. How powerful is this! Moreover, the adoption of children should still be the youngest of the people.After Long Longchen recorded the current spiritual power of the crowd in detail, he said: "Well, everyone begins to practice. But don't consume too much to be ready to accept the dispatch."Lin Xin had just received the green body of the double-edged sword and beta flying devil just yesterday and he used to make medicine. On the battlefield, the consumption rate of the drug can be imagined. And this is a good thing for life. Although he will not attack, his contribution and importance to the hunting demons is not lower than anyone else. Naturally, we must use our greatest advantage.Most other people choose to practice spiritual power, especially Sima Xian and Chen Yinger. They have no liquid spiritual power and most need this improvement.Long Hao Chen pulled the children back to their own bed.Long Haochen whispered: "Chai, don't you go and see the Uncle?"The child's appearance was somewhat silent, but she still shook her head. "I know that he will be fine. I will practice first." As she said, she had climbed into the bed and sat down on one side. Practice.Looking at her with pity, Long Haochen sat down opposite her, but he did not practice spiritual power. Instead, he took out the copy of the Holy Spirit's heart to him and read it carefully.This book, which describes the skill of grafting and grafting trees, is thin, only seven or eight pages long. Long Haochen looked very carefully and gradually, a hint of surprise appeared on his handsome face.The skill of moving flowers and picking up wood here is very strange. It is a skill, but it is more like a method of using spiritual power. The skill itself has no attack and defense ability. But it is very practical.The so-called grafting of flowers and trees is actually a kind of ability to store other skills in their own body.After using this skill, you can store any skill you can use yourself in your own body, which is equivalent to the accumulation of spiritual power. After saving, you can send this skill instantly. However, at the time of storage, the entire person must be in a semi-meditation state. At the very least, the body cannot move, and it cannot fight anymore.After the storage is completed, the skills must be released within one hour, otherwise the spiritual power of this savings will be dispelled by itself.Skills will not continue to consume spiritual power and will not affect spiritual power recovery after the completion of the preservation process.With grafting, it can be said that the professional has more of one's own strongest skills that can be instantaneous at any time.However, there are also limitations to the distribution of wood. First of all it is only suitable for warriors, assassins and knights. Wizards, pastors, and summoners are useless. At the same time, "grafting and grafting is more suitable for those skills that explode spiritually, but not skillful skills."For example, Long Yuchen's battle to kill the round sword cannot be saved through the use of flowers. The need for a round sword is a perfect combination of spiritual power and skill.But the skill of the sword is very suitable.After reading the complete skill book, Long Haochen thought a little and then came up with several possibilities. If you use it well, it can become your own life-saving ability. Is really a first-class secret ah! Moreover, this is a self-created skill, and the creator is the Nineth-order Knight.