Chapter 59 Returning to the Stovehouse (middle)The Holy Moon turned to Gao Yingjie and said: "I think it would be worthwhile to deduct his merit. A slap will not ring. If I haven't guessed wrongly, the spirit is to let him really step on the battlefield and experience it. It is a small probability event, otherwise it would be more than adequate to protect him with a spiritual repair. Fortunately, there is nothing wrong with the morning. This is a matter of course. If he later violates the military order, he will not be punished too late."Although Gao Yingjie was still filled with anger in his eyes, the Holy Month was not only the temple master but also the deputy chief of the Temple Alliance. Gao Yingjie could not ignore his words. He could only calmly say yes. However, looking at Long Haochen's eyes is still not very good.After reading his apology with apologetics, Long Haochen immediately turned to Holy Moon and asked, “What happened to Zengzu, the uncle and uncle? Is he seriously injured?”The Holy Moon sighed and said: "He is not hurt.""Ah?" Long Hao Chen looked at him puzzled.Holy Moon Road: "The spirituality is caused by the backlash of the spirit furnace. Hey, this kid! However, if he hadn't used such skills, I'm afraid you won't survive."Long Haochen said: "I blame me and drag the Holy Uncle."Gao Ying finally couldn't resist it. "You still know? If it weren't for you, who couldn't stop with the repair of the holy brother? What really made me say what you wanted."The Holy Moon looked deep into Long Haochen's eyes and said: "Well, you don't always blame him. He also wants to kill the enemy. It's kindness. Besides, he's still young. You think he's really like him." Is it that simple? With my understanding of spirituality, if he is determined to use the renouncer, he believes that he will definitely leave the morning. But in the end, he survived with the morning, which proves that In the early part of this war, it played a benign role.""I can prove this too," said a heavy-bodied general who said in a dark voice that he was dressed in a black armour, and that it was the dress of a knight. Only behind this is a pair of giant metal wings.“Big Brother, please don’t criticize this little brother. If you don’t have this little brother, we’re really going to be completely destroyed this time. I think that not only should he be punished but he should also be rewarded with merit.” Since it is a member of the hunting demons, I think that rewarding him with 10,000 merits is not much."“Yeah?” As soon as he heard this, Gao Yingjie’s wrath on his face also converged somewhat. The person he spoke to knew, the head of the Knights of the Glorious Angels, was also a seven-order Templar Knight, but he did not possess the secret. Silver pedestal trenches.“We didn’t understand why this little brother would follow the general leaders and embark on the battlefield together. However, when we later faced the invaders of the Yizu people, the ride of this little brother played a crucial role. If I can, I hope he can join us in the Knights of the Glorious Angels."At the moment, the head said the performance of Long Haochen on the battlefield, especially when Xiaoguang continuously released the real eye to solve the urgent situation."If it weren't for this little brother who helped us to solve the entanglement of the invaders of the Yizu people, we must be able to arrange them more quickly. When we ourselves attack, we may not be able to come back." The destruction of thousands of invisible inquisitioners of the Terraguas destroyed their original plan "to make the three devils have to look at the poor and to reveal the demon column to attack in advance." In a hurry, it gave us the opportunity to come back alive. This time we can come back alive. In addition to the enormous sacrifice of the grown-ups, the second credit is to belong to this little brother. ”After listening to the head of the team, Gao Yingjie's face finally changed and he saw what he hadn't seen any longer.Long Haochen rushed: "I didn't deserve credit, and I violated the military order. I just hoped that I could give me another chance to continue letting me and my partners finish the next trial with the new hunting demons. I don’t want any rewards, Zeng Zu, what was the lingering furnace that you just said? When will the Uncle Shu wake up?”What is anxious in his heart is the present condition of the Holy Spirit. At the last moment on the battlefield, the words spoken by the Holy Spirit continued to linger in his ear, and his heartfelt hopes of helping the Holy Spirit and adopting the Father’s daughter had eased the relationship.The Holy Moon sighed and said: “The Return to Tong Ling Qi is ranked sixth among the known assassins who can use the spiritual furnace. It is our exclusive spirit furnace. Its only role is to attack. If we attack power alone, we must return this child. Even if the spirit furnace is ranked in the top three, there is no problem.The reason why the ranking is behind is because its side effects are really too big.Looking at the sleeping Holy Spirit, the Holy Moon continued: “The more powerful the spirit furnace is, the more powerful it is to repel. The TONDS can explode its own attack force several times in a flash and mixes all the spiritual forces in the body with vitality. The special way of exploding, and generating an attack power far beyond self-cultivation, is also very strange. It evolved with the user's cultivation, but evolved with age. But the older Although the power used is great, it can be even more serious when it comes back."“It is a miracle that Spirit can come back alive. Among the assassins who have returned to the furnace, he is the only one who can use the power of the spirit furnace on the battlefield to survive.”"Back to the lingering furnace can only be used once in any state, the body will fall into a state of extreme weakness.No more fighting power. Will fall into a coma in a short time. This coma is seven days. Seven days later, when he woke up, he continued to frail with the same number of days as his age. His spiritual power was completely banned, and one-year-old memories and one-year-old repairs were restored each day. With the spiritual present age, it will take more than 30 days to fully recover. Coupled with seven days of coma, a full forty days. ”After listening to the Holy Moon, Long Haochen couldn't help but suck a cold air. The worst thing he knew about the counterattack was the adoption of a child's reincarnation. However, the Holy Spirit's reversal of the Tongxinling furnace was no small difference. ! Even minds and memories are affected by backsliding. It will not return to normal for more than 40 days. This is really hard to use to kill.Holy Moon said: "Well, everyone will go to busy. In the early morning, you will also go to rest. Since the book "Guanhuamumu" is spiritual to you, when you go back, you will have to practice. It is a skill and it is a As you cultivate and ascend, the skills that will gradually increase will become the secret of my holy family. After you learn it, you will also teach it to Cherr. Before, she has been reluctant to follow me to learn how our holy family created it. Skills, only you teach her to estimate that she is willing to learn.”"Yes, ancestors." Long Haochen replied with a respectful voice.When the mind moved slightly, he found the bright moon, and this great hero who saved him and the Holy Spirit was lying around. However, at this time, the bright moon may not be half weak, but rather it is wonderful and it seems to be an inexhaustible amount of effort.Long Haochen naturally did not know that before he was sent back in the coma with the Holy Spirit, Haoyue cleaned the battlefield with the fastest speed. Whether it was a green double-edged sword, a double-headed konjac or a flaming konjac, that was all possible. Has a magic crystal Mozu. Haoyue can be said to have eaten a big meal. At this time, there are at least hundreds of magic crystals in the stomach, and it will take a while to digest. That is, it dares to eat so, for a World of Warcraft, eat so many different types of crystal nucleus, it is directly to be sustained.With Haoyue out of the door, Long Haochen's eyes revealed a hint of relief and he was finally settled.How could he tell the truth? That is to undermine the relationship between the two temples. Long Haochen also knew that he was in the knight's sanctuary. He also saw the face of Gao Yingjie and a group of Mithril base knights. He understood. Even if the Holy Moon is a strong man of the Nineth Order, there is no way to protect the Holy Spirit and the Blue Rain Couple on this matter.Even if they are not the parents of Caier, Long Haochen will not be able to tell the truth at this time. The harmony between the two major temples is the most important.After his departure, Long Haochen found out that his place was not far away from the wall of the Exorcism Demon Wall, a place dedicated to generals to deal with injuries."Which part of you are? There is no military order to be allowed to enter the city without permission."Excuse me." Morin's voice sounded.Upon hearing this voice, Long Haochen shocked his heart and hurriedly shouted: "I'm here."At this point he had already seen that the direction of the noise that had come was that the fellows of their rank-1 hunting team were stopped by a team of patrol soldiers.Hearing the sound of Long Haochen, the murderous picker suddenly turned around, and his hands held green bamboo sticks. A few ups and downs came before Long Haochen."Ah, morning, are you okay?" Caier's hands immediately grabbed Long Haochen's arm, and even quickly touched him.Others also joined up and looked at Long Haochen and Haoyue. His face was full of relief.It turned out that after Long Bichen was called by the commander, he hadn’t returned for a long time. The more he tried, the more wrong he was, and then recalled the situation that the mother had visited during the day. Finally he couldn't help finding out that other people naturally couldn’t let her act alone. Followed."It's okay, it's okay. I'm fine." Long Haohe chuckled.Caier felt that although Long Haochen was weak, he was not injured. The cold air on the body was finally eased, but he firmly held Long's right hand and refused to let go. Whisper: "Let's go back."Long Hao gently nodded his head and turned to Gao Yingjie.