Chapter 58—Spirit of the Holy Spirit (center)The dragons who took the genus of imperial dead dragon, the fighting power system has reduced one time less, facing the fifth-order green double knife magic, under the hard scorpion actually actually kills in such a short time.However, more green double-edged swords have already rushed over this time.It was at this time that suddenly, a group of white light, some unexpected green lights on the front of the Green Blades, lit in the middle of the Cary. This group of white light came suddenly "without any warning. Immediately afterwards, thousands of white lights broke out from the ray of light. The harsh whistle resembled a ghostly wolf, and the swift and sharp breath spread instantly.The green shell of the two-pole devil is extremely hard. If it weren’t for Long Yuchen’s hands that they had more than one sharp blue rain and hibiscus of light, it would be impossible for them to get rid of one in one round.At this moment, at that moment, it spreads in that instant, like the white light that shines like a holy light. Where the white light passes, the green, double-edged sword that is heading is suddenly stagnant, and then it is so sturdy. When they fall to the ground, as long as there is white light on the body, they will actually pierce their bodies, without exception.One hundred green and two-edged swords, under the envelope of white light, there were only less than forty in only a very short time. More than fifty green and two-edged swords were all fallen, including more than thirty in the direct pseudonym. Others have also suffered a near devastating blow, falling to the ground and lingering.In mid-air, the white light converged, and a gray figure loomed quietly and disappeared again.This time can be cheaper Long Haochen, stature rapid assault, just two breathing time, there are two deadly dead green green konjac konjac fell under his sword.Haoyue is not idle, burst fireball, light stab, small light, small fire full attack. Help Long Haochen pick up the remnants of those serious injuries together. At the same time do not forget to rush in. "Use their sharp teeth to bite the green chopper's shell, swallow magic crystal.The green and black swords and demon guards suddenly suffered a devastating blow. The three devils in the distance immediately reacted. The flaming konjac accelerated forward and the double-headed konjac rushed on like an overwhelming number.Three of the three devil gods who ranked 70 demons God Demon ride magic tricks a shot across the blue demon horse "The devil horse was actually foot empty, volley out of space.The blue beam of light that followed the blue light was like the light of his own.It was also at this time that white light broke out before the distance, and strange scenes appeared again in the sky.It is a whole-body gray crystal. "Yes, it is a crystal. It has a height of about two meters. It is diamond-shaped. It is scattered all around with silvery gray. It is crystal clear."Even if it is only in the flame of the flaming konjac body shines, it can reflect the brilliance, but it is full of dangerous brilliance."Uralu -" The green demon riding mouth suddenly burst into a burst of drinking, the right hand more than a handle blue spear, the body slightly back, the next moment, the blue spear has been carrying Thunder's voice straight to the gray crystal Flying away.It was one of the seventy-two pillar demon gods. At the instant that the blue spear flew, it was completely turned into a blue color within a radius of several hundred square meters.The dragon's head that is killing the green and the two-edged sword only feels tight in his heart. The whole body is deadlocked by the influence of the blue light.A layer of golden light falls on Long Haochen's body and the feeling of deadlock disappears. It is the bright moon that has come to him. As for the bright moonlight, it is too late for a bright moon to think about it."Hey." Haoyue squatted two times to Long Haochen.Long Haochen immediately knew that a dead bomb was thrown into the mouth of the moon.Has not been involved in the attack Feng Bu Qing suddenly raised his head at this time, before it has been humming in the mouth, swallowing the explosive spirit Dan, the whole body of Haoyue has emerged a layer of youthful brilliance, especially At the back of the bulge, three golden ridges appeared.Xiaoqing whispered, small fire and small light suddenly followed it whispered, accompanied by a special rhythm and rhythm, completely ignoring the battlefield not far away. The three heads of the moon appear to be completing a strange spell.Under it, there is also a singular radiant star shining with a nine-sided shape. A faint blue mist rises.Although Long Haochen did not know what Haoyue was doing, he did not hesitate to ride on him and gazed at the sky not far away.Although the light on the blue spear lags behind all creatures in the range, its speed is quite horrible. It is almost just a flash and it stabs the gray crystals in the air.Long Haochen's subconscious mind tightened, even though he had already kept his death ambition at the moment he stayed, but he saw that the gray crystal, which was clearly adopted by his father and father, was riding on the magical demon of the eighth-order pinnacle. Throwing a hit, he was still full of worry.It should be noted that the gap between each level of the professional strong and every level is similar to that of nature, because each level has a certain strong improvement. For example, the fifth-order spiritual power, the sixth-order spirit, and the seventh-order spiritual power. As for the changes in the eight classes or more, although Long Haochen did not know, but also can guess it must be a qualitative leap.The green demon rider is the eighth-order peak, and the Holy Spirit is the seventh-order peak, which is a whole first-order gap!A whisper made it possible for both the air and the ground to focus on the gray crystals.A strange scene emerged. The blue spear turned out to be like a breeze without real substance. It collided and shattered on the gray crystals without even allowing the crystals to shiver. Even the light emitted on the crystal is brighter.Whether it is Long Haochen or the three devils, there is no doubt in their hearts. Without exception, they do not know exactly what this gray crystal is.“Oh.” The crisp, celestial sounds appeared in the next moment, and a gray shadow began to emerge from the gray crystal. What can be seen is that the shadow of that channel is the same as the body of the Holy Spirit before. At this moment, there were as many as a few hundred shadows bursting out. Each shadow is filled with an absolute atmosphere, and each shadow shines with a sparkling grey luster.They are swift and they are wild. They are even more with a decisive sacrifice.The speed of these shadows is so fast that they are dragging behind a huge blockbuster. They can only capture one of them with the perception and eyesight of Long Haochen. I saw that the shadows flashed three times in the air. The powerful double-headed konjac in the sky actually had three heads to fall.The defensive power of the flaming konjac is much stronger, but as long as it is slammed into the body with a shadow, three screams in succession, a flaming konjac will turn into pieces.The power of this attack is so powerful that the existence of such a powerful demon riding the magic demon can only be illusioned in both hands with two blue spears constantly resisting an intoxicating brilliance. Crossing under the blue magic horse actually retreat under this impact.Only a few blinks of time, the double-headed konjac in the sky and the green double-edged sword on the ground actually swept away, and even one-third of the flame konjac disappeared. The arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance of the arrogance."Come on." The weak voice rang in the ears of Long Haochen. "Long Haochen only felt that he was sinking behind him, and someone had already leaned on his back.No need for him to give orders, Haoyue has moved. Almost immediately, the spells of Xiaoqing, Xiaoguang, and Xiaohuo have just been completed.At this moment, the blue eyes of all three eyes are blue, and yes, they are all blue rays. The next moment, the cyan tail flame suddenly blew, with the dragon's morning on the back and the Holy Spirit moving toward the side with speed.Haoyue was actually using spells to make Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo temporarily change their attributes. At this time, it is like three wind magicians with fifth-order practices are all working to accelerate their own bodies.Floatation, acceleration, and the promotion of the wind, Haoyue is just like an imperial flight. In a short time, the speed has reached an unprecedented extreme.It was at this time that three snarling roars also rang from the mouths of the three devils.At this time, shame, the most direct humiliation! In front of the three of them, even a human being used to killing the vast majority of the pro-feelings in a special way, this shame is what the devil can be willing to do?The Holy Spirit fulfilled what he had said before. He wanted to win time for the Knights of the Glory of the Angels. First he must attract the attention of the three devils. Without a doubt, he succeeded. The three devils turned into red, green, and black light and went straight to the bright moon. Even if Haoyue is already three heads-up at the same time, all of them are capable of accelerating, even if they start early in the morning. However, the distance between the two sides is still approaching at an alarming rate.The Holy Spirit leaned against the dragon's head, and at this time his face was as white as the falling snow of the winter lunar month, and there was no half of the white in the white, and the dim light in the eyes, long before the chief of the exorcism military. The style. However, his eyes are full of relief. Yes! With his own power, he has killed so many Mozu strong players. He is proud enough.This is not only the special ability he uses, but more importantly the abruptness. It is the abruptness that the three devils did not notice. Otherwise, let any one of the three guys be prepared. The effect he can play is not so great.