Chapter 60: Grafting (C)The barracks seemed very quiet, but there were occasional fluctuations in the elements of the fire property and some minor rattles. That was what Lin Xin sent out in refining the potions. All others are immersed in meditation.In this exorcism, you must face the Mozu army at any time. Everyone understands the importance of improving their strength. There is pressure to be motivated, and there is pressure to stimulate more potential. It is precisely in this pressure that the entire rank 1 hunting team has gradually improved. To make Long Haochen somewhat surprised, the side effects of Baoling Dan only lasted for about six hours or so. The sense of weakness gradually disappeared, instead of the twelve hours that Lin Xin said. This should be his own. Physical fitness.The calm of cultivation lasted until the afternoon. After eating the same abundant lunch, the crowds each knocked open the door of the camp where they had cultivated less than one hour each time, and they heard an order directly affiliated with the exorcism and demon army.After a short time, Long Haochen led the fellows of the No. 1 hunting demon group to see the other nine new hunting demons.What do you want to bring together all the newly recruited demon corps that came to trial? Not only was Long Haochen puzzled in his mind, but also the idea of ​​six youngsters of the six major temples in the heart had similar ideas. After all, they have only just entered the infantry camp one day. Have arrangements changed immediately?In fact, there is really a change. This change is mainly caused by two aspects, the first is the performance of these ten new hunting demons in the first round of the city. The newly recruited demon slayer has never been to the Exorcism Trials before. This time it was the first of its kind. Therefore, from the Holy Spirit’s heart, the devil expulsion officers did not even think how to arrange them. So they decided to let them go to the most difficult infantry camp to exercise, exercise, and sharpen their spirits.As a result, the exorcists were greatly surprised. When they dispatched 10 infantry battalion guards assigned to the new hunter-demolition regiment yesterday, they showed more combat effectiveness than the original exorcist General Guan estimated. The loss to the infantry camp was also reduced. Less than one-fifth of the time, we must know that there is more than six people in an infantry battalion!It's no wonder that the Exorcist General Marshal was amazed that the overall strength of the new recruiting demon team members this time is indeed the strongest in nearly a hundred years. Others did not say whether Yang Wenzhao, Long Haochen, Caier, Memorandum, Huang Yi, and others put it in the past. It was definitely an inevitable champion. Only this time the Knights Templar apart from the five fifth-order knight ah!On the other hand, it was because of Long Haochen. Although Long Haochen had concealed the true truth for the Holy Spirit, his performance on the battlefield was seen in the eyes of all the knights of the Glorious Angels and the nightly assassins. Now the head of the Glorious Angel Order has worn the General who has temporarily replaced the Holy Spirit as the military commander, requesting that the whole team of Long Haochen, preferably Long Haochen, be transferred to the Knights of the Glorious Angels.Last night, if it weren’t for a few real sturdy eyes, the Glorious Angel Knights could not even return half. The most important thing in the military is not personal strength, but individual help on the battlefield. If you kill one enemy more, you will end up killing your fellow partners and you will not be a good soldier.After the Holy Spirit broke out last night with the belief that death must be cast back to the furnace of the Tongling to destroy a large number of powerful enemies, it was Long Haochen who took him and turned around to run. It is in the presence of the three devils to rob the Holy Spirit of his life.At that time, it was happening too quickly. After returning, the people of the congregation did not have much to say about what they could do to come back to taste after the existence of the Holy Month of the Xia Ren. Long Haochen could be said to have made two great contributions.Long Haochen is the champion of this new hunter-demolition individual tournament, and naturally it is also the representative of this new recruiting demon squad. His outstanding performance has also enabled all the members of the hunting demons to get the ex-driver demon military real. Pay attention.Leaving these elites in the infantry battalions is absolutely overkill. Therefore, this has changed and we must arrange new tasks for them.As the commander of the No. 1 hunting demon group, Long Haochen led the team to the party. The eyes of other people naturally fell on him.Yang Wenzhao's eyes fell on Chen Yinger's body for the first time. Chen Yinger looked at him without looking at him."Yang Yangxiong, hello." Long Haochen greeted Yang Wenzhao on his own initiative. Although the two have a strong competitive relationship, they are also benign because of the competition among the youngsters of the Knights Templar. .Yang Wenzhao smiled and said: "How about the Dragon Brothers?He naturally asked for meritorious service. Long Haochen smiled and said: "It's OK."As he said, he also greeted the heads of other new hunting demon groups. Among the ten newly recruited devils, they can compete for the first place in the team. In fact, there are only three, three and four. Although the remaining six hunting demons are also very good, there is a big gap between them and the previous four.The tallest memorable person is the most stable. After he had said hello to Long Haochen, he no longer speaks. The head of the No. 4 hunting demon group is the fifth-order priest. Although he is not familiar with Guang Chenchen, Li Sweet cooked ah! Long ago special to come over, and Long Hao Chen chatted about the situation yesterday.Obviously, in yesterday’s defending the city, it wasn’t just Long Yinchen who performed well. The three new hunting devils on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th were equally astonishing. Their overall lethality even surpassed their trend. After all, Long Haochen's magicians and summoners on their side are not the original role. In terms of overall lethality, they are not necessarily the strongest of all new recruits.At this time, several expulsion decrees will be accompanied by ten leaders. The members of the hunting demons suddenly became quieter and returned to their respective teams.The one who is walking in the front will make Long Haochen see it yesterday, but don't know the name. Gao Yingjie and he walked together and came to the front of the ten hunting demons."Hello, everyone, I am an old man, and I am a member of General St.First of all, the expulsion demon military department expressed sincere gratitude to the outstanding performance of the people in the defending city battle yesterday. Whatever you do for exorcism, exorcists will always remember. ”Listening to the words of the old general, the young people of the hunting demon group could not help but express their excitement. For these young elites under the age of twenty-five, it is extremely important that they be recognized by the military. This is related to their evaluation of this trial. It is also related to the merit bonus that each team will eventually receive.For the demon squad, the value of merit is really important. With enough merit, you can learn stronger secret skills and exchange better equipment. Naturally, it will also be able to accept more difficult and more meritorious tasks and constantly improve oneself. There is now a gap between the various hunting mobs, but who said that after a few years? In history, there were many well-known powerful hunting dolphins that were unknown at the time of their formation.Gu Zhe said: "In view of your strength and performance, the expulsion and deterrence military department decided to dispatch some military tasks to accomplish this task from now on."As he said, there were soldiers behind him who had raised a military map...The sky is getting late. Compared with yesterday, the offensive power of the Mozu has weakened a lot. Basically, there are no powerful Mozu sequences to participate in the siege. The rushed are just some cannon fodder. Although it can also bring some losses to exorcism, it is far from shaking the fundamentals.Under the cover of the dark night, the exorcism gate closed quietly and crept a gap. Then, with a cat on his back, he slipped out from the door and slid lightly under the wall and concealed by the darkness. . The number of people in this line is not large, and it is still less than a hundred people. When the gates are closed quietly, nothing seems to have happened.Naturally, they received ten new hunting demon missions for the exorcism and military missions. The team composed of these young elites of the six major temples, the head of the No. 1 hunting group, Long Yuchen, served as temporary captain, Yang Wenzhao and Ren Yi as deputy captains. Responsible for commanding all staff.The mission of this trip is not complicated. Attack Mozu logistics supply. According to the news from the scout, at dawn, there will be a Mozu Grain Transport team supplying supplies to the Mozu camp. Their task is to destroy the Mozu supply and destroy these materials on the spot.Outside the exorcism, the terrain is dominated by the plains and hills. It is never difficult to conceal their team with only 61 members. Because the terrain is too open, it is impossible for the Mozu army to block all fronts of the exorcism. Therefore, this task may seem dangerous, but in fact it is not difficult. After all, the Exorcism Gate will rarely send troops to attack the Mobeng grain transport team. This time it was a surprise.Through the darkness, 61 people silently followed the exorcism and turned to the side of the Enemy Mountains, and then took off from the north side, overlooking the Mozu Grand Camp far away.All of them changed into black night clothes, and they were light and simple. Even if it is a magician, it is not slow under the speed of the help of the floating technique. Summoners and priests are also assisted by the magicians' floatation to minimize their consumption.With only half an hour's work, they bypassed the twenty-year joint venture of the frontal Mozu army. Further around ten miles, in the constant reconnaissance of the eyes of the priests and the eyes of the wizards to inspect, to ensure that there is no Scout scout, the knights summon the mounts separately, and the summoners summon their own World of Warcraft. The team sprinted up to the rear of the Mozu camp.Long Haochen and the buddies at the No. 1 hunting demons group are at the forefront, Long Haochen, Caier, Chen Yinger, and Lin Xin. Four people are on their backs. No way, the summoner of Chen Yinger did not fly and could not summon the right mount. However, Haoyue is four meters long and four people do not feel crowded.