Chapter 59 Returning to the Stove (I)As he said, he picked up Long Haochen and handed it to Gao Yingjie. For Gao Yingjie’s mood he could understand “very obvious”. The savior of the Knights Templar was specifically sent to follow Long Haochen. If it weren’t for the relationship between Long Haochen, it was impossible for the Knights Templar to let ten. Mithril Base Knight became the leader of this new recruiting demon corps, and there was no such precedent before.In the eyes of others, this is because there are many excellent talents in this Knights' Temple. Only the Holy Moon knows that the root cause is in the bright son of Long Haochen.Therefore, he now hands Long Yi to Gao Yingjie first, letting him confirm that the safety of Long Haochen is obviously the most important.Sure enough, Gao Yingjie's result immediately after the dragon's morning, he explored his physical condition. Except for weakness, there was nothing wrong with him. He was greatly relieved.Long Yingchen and his companions had been hiding in the dark when they were at the head of the city. When Long Haochen did not encounter absolute danger, he wouldn't take it easy. As Long Haochen returned to their barracks, Gao Yingjie naturally went to rest. At this point he actually saw him again on the battlefield. How could Gao Yingjie not be alarmed? Just before the devil appeared! However, no matter how you say, Long Haochen was not seriously affected, but also made his mood a lot stable. As for how he was on the battlefield, it would be too late to investigate again.After the Holy Moon gave Gao Yingjie Long Yuchen, his face became more condensed. Compared with the situation of Long Haochen, the Holy Spirit can only be described as bad.At this time, the Holy Spirit's heart was white, but the strange thing was that there was a baby-like innocent smile on his face. Just to see this, the holy month knows what his grandson did. Coupled with the bodies of those devils and guardians on the battlefield before, "The Holy Moon can't help choking. But no matter what, at least his grandson is still alive and stopped by the three devils. This is already their luck.The appearance of the three devils is to defeat the Knights of the Angels in one fell swoop, even if the reinforcements arrive late. When the 3,000-person Angel of the Glorious Angels slammed into the three devils and their 300 guardians, the formation would immediately be scattered and a large number of casualties would occur. At this time behind the Mozu army to cover up, the results speak for themselves.But the correct determination of the Holy Spirit saved the fate of the Knights of the Glorious Angels. A seemingly incomprehensible in-situ defense destroyed the plans of the three devils but if he could not stop the three devils, they would gain time for the reinforcements. But it will not change. The Holy Spirit actually did it with his own seven-point peaks.The reason why the three devils chased him was because the power of the Holy Spirit's blows was comparable to that of the eighth-order strongest. If he could kill such a strong person, his role would not be inferior to destroying the Knights of the Glorious Angels. . What's more, the surprise of the Holy Spirit also angered the three devils. In the end, the Holy Spirit succeeded in fulfilling his goals with the help of Long Haochen and Haoyue. However, he himself was completely immersed in a deep coma.The Glorious Angels Knights had already withdrawn troops and slowly withdrew under the command of the Holy Moon and returned to the Exorcism. The siege of the Mozu army has come to an end here.When Long Haochen gradually wakes up from a coma, he only feels that the body is sore and weak, and the spiritual power in the inner body is astringent, making it difficult to mobilize."How are you feeling in the early morning?" Gao Yingjie's low voice sounded.Long Haochen’s eyes gradually got a confession. “I, I'm fine. The leader, where am I? Where are you grown up?”Supporting the sit-up, Long Haochen immediately found the answer to his question.This is a spacious room, the sky is still dark outside the room is very simple layout, there are a lot of people at this time, including Gao Yingjie and other newly recruited demon team leaders. The Holy Spirit was lying on a bed next to him, where the Holy Month, the Blue Rain, and the seven or eight exorcists were surrounded.“Zeng Zu?” When he saw the Holy Moon, Long Haochen could not help but exclaimed and his call was a surprise to everyone else. Especially the blue rain, she was almost incredible watching Long Haochen.The Holy Moon nodded to Long Haochen. His face was very cold. "It's okay. It's all right. Now, I wake up in the early morning, too. What's going on in the rain, you know, why?" Together with Spirituality on the battlefield."For the holy month, Lan Yuyu was obviously very frightened. His face became paler. He looked at the deep coma on his face and carried the husband with such a strange smile. His body shook violently, but he couldn't say a word."Zeng Zu. I want to go to battle with uncle." At this time, Long Haochen suddenly said.The Holy Moon was stunned. Gao Yingjie and others can't help but be surprised.The Holy Moon doubted: "You want to go to the battlefield with him? I just asked that when you just retired from the city and attacked the battle soon, after returning to the barracks and being spiritually called out. What do you want to follow Does he go to the battlefield again? Does he not know that you are a member of a new hunting mob, and how dangerous is it to enter the battlefield with the Mozu Plain?Long Hao Chen calmly face the crowd, his eyes revealing undisguised admiration! Cook ..., because the uncle knows my identity, and the uncle knows my father. So I was very concerned about my situation. After the battle, I purposely called me to the city. One was to encourage me. The other was to let me follow him to learn how to command the army. ”Listening to Long Haochen's words, Lan Yuyu's face can not help but reveal a trace of horror. No one knows better than she knows the purpose of the Holy Spirit's desire to call the city in the morning. But at this time he made such a statement, and from his face, he couldn't see the slightest contrived expression. It seemed that everything was from the heart."Santa's face sank," said: "In the early morning, although the spiritual heart is my grandson, if he is wrong, even if he has already died on the battlefield, he will also have to trace back. You don't have to cover up anything for him, let alone him, even if I don't know who your father is. Your reason is not smart. "Long Haochen shook his head and said: "Zeng Zu, I said the truth. Because I used a father's own skills, and this skill is also known to the uncle and uncle, also learned with my father. So recognize I have taken care of me."Long Haochen made a statement and suddenly shocked everyone in the room again. What is the identity of the Holy Spirit? That is the only great-grandson of the 9th-order Xia-sheng Holy Moon. With his status as well as cultivation, did he have to learn skills from Long Xichen's father? And still create their own skills. Who is this dragon's father?There is a hint of curiosity in the eyes of the Holy Moon. "Who is your father? ”Long Hao took a deep breath in the morning, lowered his head and took a look at the Holy Spirit who was still caught in deep coma before he said, “I can only tell you one person.”,The Holy Moon nodded and lifted his right hand. A light had already circled him and Long Haochen. After a moment, the look on the face of the Holy Moon has become quaint. Even swallowed a saliva. The eyes are full of shocked colors."No wonder, it's no wonder...... Well, I believe in you. You go on to say it. Why did you come to the battlefield with him?"Long Haochen said: "I watched the uncle as I watched the battle with the uncle. He also told me about my father's work. He encouraged me to let me go back to rest. I just went down to the city and saw the uncle. Also from the city, ready to take the lead of the Knights of the Glorious Angels out of town. So I ran over to fight with the uncle and uncle. The uncle originally did not agree, but at that time the army was no longer able to delay the time on the strings. At this time, he told me to follow him and stay protected. ”"Naughty." Gao Yingjie couldn't help yelling. "How do I teach you? Obedience to commands is the duty of the military. Here is the battlefield. Do you know how dangerous you are to do this? You are not familiar with the glorious How can the angelic knights fight out in such a way that it is unforgivable whether you are in danger or affect the entire battlefield."Gao Yingjie was shivering all over his body. If he wasn't in front of so many people, he wanted to teach him to shave the dragon.Long Haochen lowered his head and said: "I'm sorry, the leader, I know it wrong."Gao Yingjie looked at him coldly. “Show your merit tokens, and I will deduct all the feats you have received.”Long Hao nodded his head in the morning. First he took off his Holy Spirit. When he took off his armor, he slammed a book out of his arms."Huh?" Long Hao stunned for a moment and picked up the book.It was a seemingly ordinary book, but there were four big characters on the bronzing.what is this? Long Haochen is absolutely certain that this is not his own thing.Seeing this book, the holy month and the blue rain are stunned. The original blue-and-white rain still can't understand why Long Haochen would like to protect the Holy Moon. But when she saw this book, Even the person she was responsible for had some faith in the words of Long Haochen.The Holy Moon is also puzzled. "Is this book spiritual to you?"Long Haochen scratched his head and said: "I don't know! It may be after I was unconscious that St.The Holy Moon ran out of gas. “Until now I have fully believed everything you just said. You kid, too disobedient. How can you follow the army to the battlefield? Do you know if you have something wrong? I'm afraid that the old guys in the Knights' Temple will come to me and come with me.",As soon as he said this sentence, Lan Yuyu’s face suddenly changed dramatically, and the other few would be stunned. What is the origin of this young man? Even if he is a descendant of a 9th-ranked strongman, he can't let the Holy Months worry so much?