Chapter 64 Mirror Baoshen Pig (Chinese)He has never heard of a Warcraft companion that can blend with the human body. Efforts to remember the day's situation can only think of the psychic riots in the body.Long Haochen thought that even if it was one of Haoyue's ability, he and his current revision should not be able to use this ability, otherwise they would not have such a strong backlash. But this is always a good thing. At a critical moment, it can suddenly erupt into the first-order battle. This is obviously a pretty good killer.When they saw Long Haochen coming, the heads of the other nine hunting demon groups all came up to say hello to him.As it turns out, Long Haochen commanded well during yesterday's World War I and successfully completed his mission. And even though they didn't see clearly at the end, they could still feel the strong energy fluctuations. With such experiences, their views on Long Hao's early years have naturally changed.The ten leaders have already arrived. When they see Long Haochen, Gao Yingjie welcomes them. "How about? Has everyone recovered?"Long Haochen slightly microscopic jaw first, said: "leader, mining child consumption, her recovery will not be a short period of time. In the next period of time, I am afraid we can not perform tasks together with us."Gao Yingjie's heart moved and reminded her of the fact that the first time she took that ability and was stopped by the Holy Month, she already knew a lot and didn't ask much more. She just nodded."The leader, this time we call us to have a new mission?" Sima Xian asked with a fist.The benefits brought to him by the First World War yesterday was very obvious. In the face of the enormous pressure brought by the powerful, he could feel that his inner spiritual power was improved significantly. The bottleneck of the two thousand spiritual forces was already close at hand. After a few more matches, you can make a breakthrough and become a fifth-order pastor.After the priest has reached the fifth level, he can learn several attacking skills. When he returns to the Holy City, he can choose more secrets naturally.Although Sima Xian did not say anything, he was very anxious about his ability to upgrade. In the team, his role was still not small compared to Wang Yuanyuan. The soldiers had been upgraded to the fifth-order as soon as possible, and his commandment priest could gradually develop. A bigger role.Gao Yingjie smiled and shook his head and said: "Yesterday's mission was well done, and the exorcism was very satisfactory. Therefore, we decided to give you a three-day rest period so that you have enough time for cultivation. After all, you are not soldiers. It's a trial, and it's a good thing to call you today.Just as they spoke, someone had already come. Not only the military people, but also several assassins whose heads were all covered in black.The exorcist who had given them a task to pass the ginseng took the ancient scorpion to the front, and the squad's No.1 hunting demons saw all the boxes in his hands at one glance, but it was because they were at the Mozu Grain Transport Team. Is it only captured in the bloodthirsty beta?Everyone looked subconsciously at Long Haochen. Long Haochen had some surprises. He thought that Gao Yingjie had just said something. Did he say that the exorcism is intended to reward us with something in the box?At this time, the ginseng and ancient assassins have come to the near. After Gu Yue first greeted Gao Yingjie and other team leaders, he then turned to ten hunting demon groups.“You are worthy of being the best elite in the young generation of the alliance. You have successfully completed the mission and destroyed the logistic supplies of the Mozu. At least tens of thousands of demons have to be hungry. Your contribution to the exorcism, Exorcism will always be remembered by the military and the people. I thank you on behalf of the military and the people."The ancient ginseng will be a warrior, right footed, and will perform a standard warrior ritual to the ten hunters.The members of the demon slayer also reciprocate with the rituals of the temple. Being able to be recognized is very glorious for these young people. At least so far, their trials have been very smooth.Guru smiled and said: "I'll give you a brief introduction. These three are the predecessors of the assassin sanctuary."The knight's assassin? After listening to the introduction of the old man, the hearts of these young people in the hunting demon corps were surprised. The emperor's seal on the throne is really a beautiful woman. The knight's hall is the most mysterious place of the Assassin's Temple, a total of 36 people. Hidden assassin. Every one of the hidden Assassins is an eighth-order existence, but it is the most powerful existence of the Assassin Temple. The dragon of the assassin sanctuary that was once seen by Long Haochen had the shadow of the main house and he was also the master of the knight.These three are actually the eighth-order strong? What is the purpose of their visit?At this moment, the black man who stood in front of him took a few steps. He did not have any strong atmosphere and he did not even release his breath. It felt like a faint air.But discerning people are aware that this is the real strong assassin and can be dissolved in any environment."Children, how are you? I am Xia Chien Tang on the 19th." The voice of the black man is a bit low, even with a bit of hoarseness, but all the new recruiting mob members are upright. Quietly standing there, this is an eight-order level big-name player. They have long heard that the Chivalry Thirty-six Hidden Assassins are numbered without mentioning the name. At this time the first time I saw it, I was nervous."First of all, thank you for everything you did for the exorcism. The leader of the rank-1 hunting team, please delist."Long Haochen took the first two steps. He shook his left fist with his right fist and raised his high voice: “The first class dragon hunting corps captain Long Yuchen reported to you.”This Xia hidden on the 19th seemed very easy-going, and smiled slightly. "I don't need to be so formal. You should know the box in the old man's hands."Long Hao nodded his head in the morning and said: "I know this. This was handed over from the enemy's hand when we performed the task yesterday."On the 19th, Chien Hsiao Microsurgery first said, “Yes, very handsome. Given the excellent performance of the team you lead in the mission, and handing over this item, I’ll represent you on behalf of the Assassin Temple and reward you with 500 points. For meritorious service, please come forward to receive it."Hearing this figure, a burst of pumping noise suddenly sounded. We must know that the total number of the ten weakest ones in the newly recruited demon corps is probably less than five hundred. This is still the case when the task is awarded with two hundred merits. The assassin sanctuary was so generous that it actually rewarded the 500-odd meritorious deeds of the Rank One, and other hunting devils were turbulent.Hidden on the 19th, Xidan said: “You don’t have to worry. I can tell you that if you’re not performing a trial mission but an adventure mission, then Long Haochen’s meritorious service to the box will increase by at least ten. I'll let you see what's in the box right now."This is the meritorious service of the Assassin's Temple Awards. Long Hao is naturally not in a no-show. In the excited gaze of the group's companions, he walks in front of Xia Xi'an on the 19th to reveal his own merit token.Chien-Hui on the 19th unexpectedly exposed the left-hand arm, and there was an ice-blue meritorious token on the top of it. It was posted to Long Haochen’s token and was lifted after a moment. The conversion of feats has been completed.This man hidden on the 19th even thought that hunting demon?The members of the hunting demon team are collectively referred to as the demon-hunter. Since Xia has a merit token on the 19th, it means that he also has his own team. This is how strong a team can have this level of assassin. I'm afraid they all have the power to assassinate the devil.After receiving his feats, Long Haochen returned to his party and was curious about the items in the box. What kind of treasure is actually so precious that even the eighth-order powerhouse is amazed.Hidden on the 19th: "If the rank-1 hunting corps did not hand over the box, I am afraid that no one of you will know. But I'm sure they never opened this box from beginning to end. ."One of the other team's soldiers could not help but ask: "Your heroes, why can you be so sure?"On the 19th, Xia Yin gave a hint to the ancient mandarin duck around him, and Gu Yan quickly came to him. The powerful assassin pressed his hand directly on the lid, saying in a subtle way: "Because few people can refuse. There is a temptation in this box."As he said, his finger moved slightly and the lid had been opened. Suddenly, a layer of rich light elements instantly emerged from the box, and the soft light elements rose with a faint white light and brought it to everyone. As spring-like feeling. A petite body also rose from the inside, slowly stretched its wings, some wizened attempts to fly away.All of a sudden, all eyes are consciously unconscious, at least more than half of them exclaimed, "Light Elemental Elves."Just because of receiving 500 merits and excitement, the number one taxi team members in addition to Long Haochen, the smile on his face instantly stiff.It turned out to be a spirit furnace, but it was also an elemental furnace. One by one they stared blankly at the light elemental elves who were struggling to fly away. They were full of regrets.Even Gao Yingjie also showed such emotions.As early as this box is a light element elf, no matter how blocking the dragon's morning, they will never give up this thing ah! Do not say 500 meritorious service, even if it is 5,000, 50,000 meritorious deeds, but also can not be replaced by a light element elf ah! But all furnaces can't be valued, they fall into the hands of the needy, and it means infinite possibilities. At least among the No. 1 hunting demons, Long Haochen, Han Yu and Sima Xian can all use this kind of spirit stove, and it is very suitable.Long Haochen's feelings are different from others. Other people are contrite and even painful. But what he had in mind at the moment was compassion.It is not that he did not lose out because he lost the Elemental Wizard of Light, but that the mercy of the Light Elemental Elves left the box and the breath of his own breath began to appear naturally in his heart. At the same time, the kind of burning hot from time to time in the inner body of the body has become more intense.