Chapter 64 Mirror Baoshen Pig (below)Long Haochen immediately conjectured that the original from the only hot burning in the body is not because of the integration of the bloody leap before the month, but because the little guy in front of you?Its state does not seem very good! Very weak. The light elements on it have even become somewhat unstable. If this goes on, I am afraid that it will be annihilated in the air forever.Today's weather is good, and the sun bathed in the Elemental Elves. It seems to have improved somewhat. Is struggling to try to fly away.However, in front of a knight who hid the Assassin, how could it escape? The man concealed nothing on the 19th, but covered his hand above the top of his head, and all his struggles became futile.From the 2nd to the 10th hunter's demon corps, all the members of the group who had just won meritorious deeds by the No. 1 hunting demon group lost nothing. Even laughs. This is definitely a loss of sesame lost watermelon!Five hundred feats and light element collection spirit furnace, the tube is straight away.In particular, the priests, knights, and a few of the two light magicians in each hunting demon group were all blue eyes. If you can have a spiritual elemental furnace, their strength will surely increase dramatically.On the 19th, Xia’s eyes are black, deep and introverted. The expressions of the members of these hunting mobs are all in sight, and they sigh in secret. Although these children are excellent, they are still too young. It's hard to disguise the real ideas in the heart, but it's fine, at least they are serious enough."Now you should understand what I said." Xia Hsi said on the nineteenth with a smile. "When we saw this small thing, we were all very surprised. The Holy Monaster said, since this thing is your ten new When the Hunting Demon Mission was acquired during the mission, our Assassin Temple will never take it as its own, as a reward to you."As soon as this statement was made, cheers broke out almost instantaneously. The role of the spirit furnace is very clear to everyone, not to mention this is the most easily absorbed light element spirit furnace. No one thought that the Assassin Temple would be willing to reward them with such a precious shrine. Just as the Holy Moon expected, these young people's goodwill toward the Assassins' Temple instantly rose to a whole new level."However, there is only one light element furnace, and at least one-third of you can use it. We can never split it and reward you. Therefore, there can only be one person to receive the reward. This depends on your luck and your understanding of the elements of light. Now, all those who have their own attributes are the ones who honor the light.At the sign of Xia Xi'an on the 19th, ten knights and priests with light attributes had books and J. Everyone couldn't wait.Among them, the most eager to identify themselves as the most hopeful is the head of the No. 4 hunting demons and the only fifth-order priest, Lu Xi.Compared to knights, priests have a stronger affinity for ivory teeth. They are mainly therapeutic and they are better at communicating with light elements. Lu Xi was a genius in genius in this respect. He asked himself that his understanding of the light elements would not be inferior to any person present.The Elemental Elves, if they can have it, then they will step into the sixth-order to overcome all obstacles. Even Lu Xi, who is usually very calm at the time, can't help but get his heart rate up.Who else can they have more affinity for light than me? This element of light will belong to me!Everyone who comes out has ideas for the Elemental Elves. The difference is that those who do the fourth-order repairs are more likely to try their luck, while those who are repaired to the fifth-order are full of strong desires and self-confidence. In addition to Lu Xi, almost all of the fifth-order came from the Knights Templar. Long Haochen, Yang Wenzhao, Deming, Han Yu, and another fifth-order knight.The priests, knights, and two magical elements of light, a total of twenty-three people stood in a circle around Xia Xie on the 19th."Everything will not be forced, otherwise, don't blame me for being polite." The voice of Xia Hun suddenly became cold on the 19th. Before him, who was light and airy, he was like a killing soldier. The sudden eruption made everyone shudder.Long Haochen also awakened from the pity of the Elemental Elves in this killing. Looking up at the little figure that was struggling not far from Xia’s nineteenth palm, the brow tightened.“You can each release your own breath.” A real grey stream of air began to fill in from the 19th place of Xie Yin, and quickly spread in the air to form a layer of ice and cold. Along with this, he withdrew his own palm. The tiny ivory, soaring, was soaring.However, it only flew a few meters, and it stood on the ground and shook me down to reduce the height of flight. It was obviously very frightening to kill the fierceness in the air.At this time, the atmosphere around the rich light elements almost rose in no particular order. A golden light shines, and every knight, priest, and magician who has the opportunity to get this element of elves releases their own light elemental atmosphere, and looks at this little guy with the most eager eyes.Only Long Haochen was an exception. He did not persevere in his inner spiritual power. He just silently watched the helpless little fellow, soft-eye nine, and seemed to convey something to it. The lips twitched and said something in the direction of the Elf Elemental Elves.Yang Wenzhao was standing on the right side of Long Haochen. He clearly saw the action of Long Haochen, and in the next, he was stunned to see that the little light element elf was like a milk-yan. Long Haochen flew over here.Long Hao Chen Junxiu's face reveals a warm smile and slowly raises his right hand. The little light element Jinglingling falls on his palm.Close enough, he can see this little guy more clearly.The elixir of light is full of snow and white, as if it is carved from the purest white crystals, wearing a milky white skirt, revealing white and tender arms and slender legs, golden long hair like a waterfall scattered behind the back, hanging To the feet, a pair of transparent wings flapping constantly on both sides of the body, also limiting their own long hair will not fly.The most distinctive feature is that it has two small pointed ears in the blonde. This is the characteristics of the elf. And her golden eyes are actually the same clarity as Long Haochen's. "But her dawn is full of helplessness, weakness and bleakness.Under the gaze of all people sluggishly, the Elemental Light Elemental fell lightly in the dragon's palm and looked at him, seeming to be puzzled and somewhat vacant.Lu He rose up and woke up with a thick golden glow. He could see that the Elemental Elves had fallen into the hands of Long Haochen. He suddenly stopped.How can it be. He is a knight. I am a priest! How can his affinity for light elements be stronger than me? The emotions in his heart were not embarrassment but horror. No matter how he looked, he should be his last chance. However, the Elemental Elves never even saw him from beginning to end, and almost flew straight. Long Haochen.Long Haochen's tender twilight with a bit of compassion, touched her long golden hair with her finger and whispered: “Rest assured, I will keep my promise.”Chien Hsi smiled on the 19th and said: "It seems that this little guy has already made a choice. This process is fair. The assassin temple does not want any discordant situation to occur. Well, my task is completed. Yes, Long Haochen, congratulations.”Long Haochen looked up and looked at Xiang Xia on the 19th, respectfully salutes and said: "Please hide an adult to convey gratitude to the adults."On the 19th, Xia Yin nodded to Long Hao in the morning and turned away with the other two Xiaixin assassins. Yuzhong’s killing intentions also faded and disappeared.Gao Yingjie naturally came to Long Haochen's side and smiled and said: "Congratulations, aunt Chen. Let's go, I'll go back to the barracks with you." As he said, his eyes gradually and ambiguously turned to others around him. People glanced. Suddenly, all those sly eyes were melted away.Although it is known that these young people can not rob, but Gao Yingjie is on the side, naturally more avoid unnecessary troubles. With his guilt, now Long Haochen has not incorporated the Elemental Elves into himself.Sima Xianhaha smiled and said: "The head of the team is the head of the team. It's our stuff or we have to come back. This really married the wife and Chinese New Year!"Seeing Long Haochen collecting the fangs of light, Su-elves, it was still very depressing. The members of the Taxi No.1 Hunting Demon Group immediately felt a 180 degree turn.Long Haochen did not say anything and went back to the barracks with his partners.Watching Long Haochen leave, they recalled coming to Yang Wenzhao's side, saying in a subtle way: "Looks like the distance between us and him is gradually pulling away."Yang Wenzhao sighed and said: “Each person has different opportunities. This is not what he insists can be changed. However, we can make even greater opportunities by making unremitting efforts.”Memorized and laughed. "It's a good idea. It's better to ask people than to seek self-improvement. It's hard truth to be strong in one's own strength. Let's go. We'll go back. Take a vacation, or just calm down and practice."Long Haochen and his companions returned to the barracks and once they entered the door, the crowd could not help cheering."Haha, too cool. Did you see the other people's faces? Especially Lu Xi of the No. 4 of the ranks, the ugly face would come out of the water." Sima Xian laughed. For the Elemental Wizard of Light, he did not care if he did not choose him. There will be no chance for him to be based on the fourth-order revision.