Chapter 64 Mirror Baoshen Pig (I)"Look things can not only use the eyes, but also use your heart, do not be blinded by your appearance your eyes. An ordinary pig may take the initiative and your hoof knot soul contract but let you as a summoner you have nothing What do you think?"Listening to Caier’s words, Chen Yinger, whose tears were brittle, slowly looked up. Other people also had a feeling of surprise in their hearts. No one thought that the children who rarely spoke on weekdays could actually say such things. A shot at pointing the key.Chen Jieji wiped the tears on her face and picked up the pigs in front of her. Although she was still very repulsive, she was in a much better mood. I couldn't help but said to the piglet: “What do you really have? Ability! People are so sad. I don't care. You have to pay me.Otherwise, I would rather not be born to summon the beast nor take you out. ”"The sound of groans and groans." The pig blew two times. The long pig arched forward, and a pair of small eyes suddenly lighted. In a vague, it revealed a faint distortion.The same fluctuations also appeared in Chen's eyes. She suddenly slumped with the little pig's big eye to the little eye."Sure enough, it's not normal. It's a spiritual transmission." Lin Xin said in surprise.Spiritual transfer is a special ability that advanced Warcraft can use.Throughout the process of the spiritual transfer, Chen Yinger’s face began to change rapidly, first with horror, gradually, gradually replaced by a touch of happiness, and the lips outlined a moving arc.Although she did not know what she knew from the piglet, looking at her look, the pig was obviously not a waste of wood.The people are not in a hurry, waiting quietly. The time is not long. The distorted light in the eyes of Piggy and Chen Yinger disappears."Wow, you're so powerful!" Chen Yinger put the pig in his arms and kissed him a few times on his clean pig's head.Sima Xian was an impatient son and could not help but ask: "How can the piglet come and hear it quickly?"Chen Jie'er smiled and said: "Haha, I will never drag the oil tank on the battlefield anymore. People will also be terrible. Wow, haha." The little girl smiled and danced.Looking at her smile, she smiled and laughed at her. Although she was a bit proud of it, she was much stronger than before.Long Haochen smiled and said: "Let's hear it so that everyone can become familiar with your abilities."Chen picks up proudly at the pig and says: "It says it is called Image Baoshen Pig. After birth, it is Level 6 World of Warcraft. It simulates all the Warcraft forms it has seen, and it turns into an illusion."After listening to her statement, everyone suddenly turned a blind eye and it was not difficult to see a powerful World of Warcraft.Long Haochen asked immediately: "Is it a simulation of World of Warcraft with no breath pressure?"Chen took a moment and shook his head and said: "It doesn't seem like it."Wang Yuanyuan frowned and said, "Isn't it easy to see through?"Chen Jiezi proudly said: "The fact is that the virtual reality is virtual, but it is not only simulated. Otherwise it is called the mirror Baoshen pig. In the case of magic crystal, it eats any Level beyond their own first-order magic crystal within World of Warcraft, not only can be mirrored into the magic crystal original Warcraft appearance and can maintain ten minutes of the World of Warcraft's ability. It is now six Warcraft, it can also be used up to seven World of Warcraft or the powers of the sixth-order Mozu. Lin Xin, your magic crystal of bloodthirsty Beta can give me. My little pig needs to be re-evolved to use it."After listening to Chen Yinger’s remarks, the faces of all the people were full of surprises. Listen to her meaning, this mirror Baoshen pig can actually have any ability of the same level or one level higher than yourself. Although the duration is only ten minutes, as long as there are enough magic crystals, it will continue to show strength. What's more important is that any word is not a good habit.Lin Xin after a brief series of joy, suddenly turned back to a brother look like a grievous face, "" I said that Sakuraer, we have a big month, this gluttonous big, and you take another trip, hey, make ends meet! ," he is in charge of the team's belongings, naturally it will be depressed.Chen answered with a grunt and said: "This is what you are responsible for. It's none of my business. And, my pig has a capability.","Also?" This time, even Caier's face was stunned.Mirror Baoshen pig, which obviously comes from other planes of Warcraft they have not heard before, on the surface, its ability is not strong, but there are infinite possibilities under the support of magic crystal. This is already an unheard of special existence. And the benevolent summoned animal is bound to ascend with the ascension of the master. Chen Yinger is now in fourth order and further is fifth order. By then, her pig will have improved. As to whether it is possible to raise another level, it is not easy to say, but future development is expected.Compared with the Evil Eye lord's instant combat power, this can mirror the image of any Warcraft animal.In this case, it actually has other abilities. It can be imagined that this pig itself is probably a very high level of existence."Yeah, it still has the ability to be a treasure hunter. How else would it be called Baoshen Pig? It tells me that the taste of the nose is particularly sensitive, it can smell the taste of each and the heavenly treasure, and it can sense some danger in advance." The higher the level, the higher its perceived power will become.",The people looked at each other and all of their faces became weird. Long Haochen murmured: "I suddenly discovered that the biggest reward for our attack on the Mozu family was that the baby had a beggar called."They just recently formed this hunting demon corps and they can only say that they are familiar with each other. Although Chen Shui Er did not disagree with Chen Yinger, but as everyone's strength has increased, the uncertainty of Chen Jieer’s team has actually become a drag on the battlefield, affecting the combat effectiveness of the entire team.Although this contradiction can be suppressed for the time being, over time, I am afraid there will always be an outbreak. But now it's not the same. Chen Yinger owns a benevolent summoning such as the image Baoshen Pig. The importance of her in the team is instantly enhanced, and later it will not be a drag on everyone, and it will even be the most important fighting force. Of course, she probably needs the support of team resources.Every time, people have their own secrets. One of them is Chen Yinger's ability to summon the door of the living creature. Now she owns the mirror Baoshen Pig, which is enough to bring her excessive time in the team."Hungry, head of the team, are we not to eat something and then continue to rest the nose. This is weak, and then hungry and dizzy." Sima Xian touched his stomach and said.Long Haochen suddenly wakes up. "" Well, let's go and eat. ”Among all the people, besides adopting Chener and Chen Yinger, the other five people all suffered from impaired spirits. At this time, they were all in a weak state. Although they did not affect walking, the feeling of emptiness within the spirit could not be comfortable. A hungry stomach, suddenly have some dizzy.When they opened the barracks door and they were about to go to the canteen to find something to eat, they saw two large three-tier food boxes just outside the door."I didn't give them their fate. Exorcizing the defensiveness of the military was very thoughtful." Sima Xian smiled and handcuffed. "The two food containers that weren't light were brought directly in."The food inside was indeed rich, although it was not exquisite, but the meat was very abundant, and there was even a fragrant broth. Although it is already cold at this time, Lin Xin, a fire magician, is obviously not a problem.The crowd took a bite and took a rest before returning to their bed to rest. Chen Louer was happy to communicate with her piglet and gave a name to the image of Baoshen Pig. He called: McDull.The military was very satisfied with the operation of the Hunting Demonstration Team yesterday. It did not dispatch any tasks to them and gave them enough time to rest until the next day, when the latest order came. School field **.The exorcism and the size of the city are quite magnificent. Because both sides are the peaks of the Enchanted Mountains, they become natural barriers. Therefore, they save a lot of trouble when they are built. It is enough to stabilize the facade of the front wall. .The school site is located within 500 meters of the exorcism wall and is a vast open space. Before the dragon's morning and the Holy Spirit were out of the city together, the Knights of the Glorious Angels were here.The No. 1 hunting demon corps did not have all the people to come today. The children were left in the barracks and continued to rest. Now Cai'er has lost two senses. Long Haochen will never let her risk again.The bullying effect of Kailing Dan has disappeared. However, what makes Long Haochen somewhat worried is that Haoyue is still asleep. Although he can confirm that Haoyue is not a big problem, it still does not wake up or let Long Haochen feel anxious.In the school field, there are ten new hunting devils. After a day's rest, these young elites have apparently regained their spirits. One by one, the gods look like they are finished. Many people's faces are showing signs of revival.Indeed, yesterday they paid a lot of merit for a dollar, not only killing a large number of low-level Mozu, but at the same time, each of the 200 meritorious deeds that completed the task reward can also be assigned to Dan Shi.Long Haochen’s feats haven't had any time yet. Their No. 1 hunting demons consumed the most. Until the order came, everyone was still in a state of rest. At this time, they could only say that they had reluctantly recovered the most. Good condition. Only Long Haochen often felt the inexplicable fever in the body within this day, and the inner spiritual power was slightly astringent.Because the bright moon has not been awakened, he cannot communicate with Haoyue. As for the sudden change of Haoyue on the battlefield and he broke out the knight's repairs, Long Haochen is also quite curious. Is this the special ability of Haoyue?Get up early in the morning, see a chapter update, I hope everyone can have a sense of pleasure. One day a good mood.