Chapter 61 Bloodthirsty Beta and Mystery Box (below)However, the three-color light beam just maintained this last blow and dissipated instantly. The direct action of Haoyue is to take advantage of the fact that the light in the three heads and six heads has faded a lot and all are large. Panting. The body is quivering like a plum.Obviously, this skill just used its own ability.Through the spiritual connection, Long Haochen knows the name of the skill of Haoyue. This is called Chaotic Yuan. It is a powerful combination of magic. At least three or more magical attributes are required to use it. This is already the scope of the sixth-order peak magic.The reason why Haoyue can use it is because it had eaten too many magic crystals yesterday, and a lot of noisy energy was stored in the body. With this, the skills can be considered to clear up the stomach, but the incidental consumption is still huge.Wang Yuanyuan and Sima Xian returned to Long Haochen's side at the same time and dragged behind Han Yu to step forward and stand with Long Haochen. At this time, Chen Yinger started her chant. She jumped from her back and slightly backed off. The crystal ball shines in the hands, accompanied by her humming sound, a buzzing sound, a soft energy wave wafting out from the crystal ball, and a wave of wave-like spiritual power oscillates outwards.The colorless barrier was propped up around her body and it just completed the guarding of the entire team.The creature's gate is a powerful eight-level magic. Although Chen Yinger can't control it, it will also be protected when it is used. Otherwise, in the hunting demons trial, who can let her finish the spell? At this time, in the face of a strong enemy, Chen Yinger turned left to become a rear defender. Han Yu went forward to assist Long Haochen.This bloodthirsty Beta is also considered unlucky. Its mission is to protect the box on the neck and send it to the army of the Mozu army. It is not responsible for directing the food delivery team. Lying in a spacious food truck, enjoying the food sent by the low-level Mozu, was originally sleeping.Even if it was Long Haochen who launched their attack, the bloodthirsty Beta didn't care. After all, there were four green double-edged swords and six powerful Eight-eyed devil-eyed magicians on guard outside.Until the three-attribute compound magical chaotic element of the bright moon was carved out of Yi, it discovered that the enemy's nose was large.The chaotic elements are wrapped around this, and the magic is mainly directed at the magician’s own magical teeth, elements, and defenses of the warrior.Strong chaotic elements can disturb all other attribute elements in the range. The disturbance effect is related to the attributes used by the caster. At the same time, chaotic teeth have a powerful destructive effect that erodes and decomposes all living creatures. The defensiveness of the weak, such as the ordinary double-knife magic, is directly extinguished in the magic. Even if it is a nose-green, double-edged sword, and a defense of a ding-boat, it must be influenced by magic. The defense is constantly weakened. So their first reaction was to run out.For the bright moon, the ability to use magical power is a double-edged sword. If the chaos element is engraved, the excellency's magician will be beyond the magical level. On the contrary, it will be immediately backfired by its own magical power. Used to deal with magicians who are lower than their own level.The eye-sighted warlocks at that level of eight eyes, even if they didn't take any children's attacks, they have completely lost their fighting power. The eyes are the source of their magical power. The eyes are all in confusion and the glass is bursting. What else can they do?Eight eye level magic eye magician repair is equivalent to the fifth-order magician, the overall strength is stronger than the green-green double-pole magic can be in this month, magic, under the magic of them completely tragedy.So, at this time, although they faced bloodthirsty Beta, they were lucky to "solve at least the other powerful demons around them and would not be besieged.Although the bloodthirsty Beta is repaired as seven steps, it is the existence of Mowu. It is also a tragedy of the double line. In its magical attributes, it also has the same wind system as Xiaoqing. When it comes to magical power alone, it cannot reach the sixth-order peak, and the body is also eroded by chaotic elements. Although the injury is not heavy, the impact is not small, especially when the last element of chaos is concentrated in the chaos. Destroyed one of its wings, causing it to lose its flying ability. Greatly weakened the strength of this seventh-order Mozu.Facts have proved that an unprepared strong man is attacked, it is also sad to ...Of course, destroying the flying ability of the bloodthirsty Beta is not all a good thing. At this time, the seven-order Mozu strong has been in a state of absolute anger.The huge body raised his upper body because of severe pain, and then he squatted on the ground again. The loud noise of the bang shook the earth and violently shook it. Several of the surrounding cars were completely overturned.Strong dark elements and wind elements fluctuate wildly under the bloody envelope. In the eyes of bloodthirsty Beretta rises with bloody brilliance."Humans, you all have to die." In the roar of anger, the bloodthirsty Beta wolf spouted a green-black light arrow toward Long Haochen. The length of the light arrow was two meters away, and it was like a wolf while it was separated from the mouth of bloodthirsty Betta. The screaming sound of Li Xiaosheng, the intense magical power fluctuates within a few tens of meters of the surrounding area.The unprepared bloodthirsty Betta will be injured by the magical level of Haoyue Jue, and the bloodthirsty Betta in the rage will be a terrible existence for the No. 1 hunting demons.Long Haochen can't retreat. He is the head of the team. He can face his head at any time and may kill himself. He is very likely to spike his powerful Mozu and still dare to use the Holy Spirit to his opponent. His bravery made every teammate fill the blood with an instant. They all knew that as long as there was a half-turn error, the dragons who used the Holy Spirit will be killed by Bloodthirst Beta in an instant.Two elements of the fire shield almost fell on Long Haochen's body at the same time. At this time, Lin Xin also broke out. Even he himself had eaten a self-made explosive spirit, and the rich fire element was cheerful around his body. Bounced, and there was even a feeling of stickiness.Two holy masks also fell, one from the dragon's own Emerald Bracers and the other from Han Yu. Only Long Haochen can block the bloodthirsty Beta, they have a chance.With two masks and two layers of clouds, the Sudden Shield was almost completely torn in an instant, and the impact of the blue and black arrows on the dragon's morning and the double cross of the Cross God Block.In the moment of a collision, everyone around saw Long Yuchen's body covered in a layer of blue and black light, and the entire person did not retreat, but the burning fire of the sun on his body was instantly extinguished.Long Haochen’s face remained unchanged. Despite the coldness of his body at this time, the wind elements and dark elements rushed inwards in a crazy manner. However, the golden light also rose up in his body. It was the light of revenge of light. .With the revenge of the light, it was proved that the dragon's guardian was completed. That bloodthirsty Beta didn't really break his defense.A big drink broke out from the mouth of Long Haochen, and the shocking scene appeared. "From his inner body, the rich liquid spirits flowed out, and it was so hard that it shook the wind of bloodthirsty Beta. Dark double attribute magic attack.The golden spirit of the Holy Spirit is covered with a golden liquid spirit, which looks even more dazzling. At this time, Long Haochen is like the son of the sun and is blooming with dazzling brilliance.While Long Haochen resisted the bloodthirsty Beta attack, others were not idle. Wang Yuanyuan and Sima Xian have attacked from the left and right sides, respectively, to attack the bloodthirsty Beta's leg.The strength of the seventh-order Mozu is extremely terrible, and the slender legs are relatively fragile.Under the influence of the Holy Spirit, Bloodthirsty Beta will not attack them, but their own strong defensive ability is still evident. Wang Yuanyuan was better, under hard touch, the bloodthirsty Betta body was shaken a bit, failed to pick up the second attack on Long Haochen, and the bloodthirsty state of Sima Xian just ended, and the spirit of Danling also returned. Did not burst out, suddenly crashed, the whole person was lifted off, both hands and mouth bleeding at the same time.However, the character of the bald priest is also embarrassing, and the rich red light broke out again from within the body. With the help of the explosive spirit, he actually used the madness skills twice. Under the skin, tendons and knots are like a strip of snakes moving around. Solid solid-like muscles glow like a flower and it's hard to pounce on.The effect of the explosive spirit began to play out. After Wang Yuanyuan's first strike and shaking the bloodthirsty Beta, he once again installed the three crystals on the shield of the giant spirit, and then swallowed a Huiling Dan that restored the spiritual power.It was in this time that a dark figure appeared silently above the head of the bloodthirsty Beta, and the golden light sparkled, piercing the place where the bloodthirsty heads and necks were connected. It is the adoption of children.Faced with the adoption of Xerox’s attack, even the presence of this level of bloodthirsty Betat also felt a strong threat and did not attack Long Haochen again. His body was violently shaken and her body hair was arrogant. The horny scales broke out instantly and strongly. Green black light."Jang Dang." The adopter's dark golden dagger was once snagged at its neck, but it was bounced off by hard hair and horny scales. Even she took herself to her feet to avoid eruption from her bloodthirsty Beta. The blame black light.The No. 1 hunting demon group had the worst offensive catcher who could not hurt it.At this time, the situation of the other nine newly recruited devils will be much better than Long Yuchen’s. The ordinary double-pole magic of the food delivery team encountered a powerful magician, sweeping away. There are other professions that cooperate and kill in the other directions. There are already a lot of food trucks lit by the fire magic. The most powerful Mozu they encounter occasionally is the level of the Green Blades. It is not difficult for the team to deal with them.Thousands of food delivery teams, consisting mainly of double-pole and magic-eye warlocks, have been smashed and defeated. Every new recruiting demon corps has at least killed and killed hundreds of enemies in a short period of time.