Chapter V Cavalier Mount Holy (3)“The Cavalier Sanctuary is where our knights’ temple is dedicated to breeding all kinds of powerful World of Warcraft. Among the knights of the knights, there is a huge array of castles laid by our temple ancestors three thousand years ago. It has great benefits for the growth of Warcraft, and it will Reduce their wildness and make taming much easier, where young knights can get away with them and become their own mounts, which is one of the best benefits of our knight’s temple. Just like the magical temple will be sent to the elite members of the magic equipment. It can be said that the highest level of our knights temple, and both are strong from the knights.The blue eyes of Long Hao Chen Bi suddenly light up. "If the World of Warcraft on the Knights of the Cavaliers were to be tamed?"Li Xin said with a chuckle: "How can it be so easy! There are dozens of knights under the age of 20 in our entire Knights' Temple. It is very good when there are fewer than ten knights every year. When there are fewer, there are not even ten. There is a large summoning line that seems to be able to connect to a special place and make a Warcraft Summon every once in a while.Therefore, the World of Warcraft on the Mount of Knights is not scarce.It is said that there are even nine levels of Warcraft on the Holy Mountain. Having a level 9 Warcraft mount is almost equivalent to starting a career that has at least seven levels of career."Long Haochen asked: "Sister, what is your Rose Unicorn? What level of Warcraft?"Li Xin is very proud of: "My rose is currently a five-level preliminary Warcraft, but it is still growing, waiting for it to become adult, at least to reach the first seven levels, the equivalent of the existence of the sixth-level career. In the future, at least you can become a sixth-order sparkling knight. You have to work hard.""Well, I will try my best to reach the Sacred Mountain."The next task was simple: Li Xin, the real knight who once boarded the Cavalier Mount, protected and killed ten second-tier mid-level World War II players who were already quasi-knights and owned the defensive dragons. It is not a difficult matter. Only half a day's time to complete the task, hand in 10 Warcraft crystal nucleus and get 25 gold rewards and the first task on the adventurer certificate to complete the registration.Sometimes, the fate between people is a very wonderful thing. Li Xin liked this new younger brother very much. Not only did he follow him to complete the task, but he always sent him back to the Olympic Games more than 200 miles away from Haoyue City. In Ding Zhenwai, the two relied on farewell.Near the evening, Long Haochen looked at the far sky behind the red sunset, his face couldn't help showing a smile of triumph. “The teacher gave me two days to complete this mission. I only took one day to do it. Well, I'll go home and look at my mother. I'll go back to the top of the hill tomorrow morning to surprise the teacher."As he thought, he was happily heading towards the house, but at this time he was full of heads of rose unicorns that looked like red clouds, and if he had such a Warcraft as a mount later on That's great! Long Haochen is very clear that if Li Xin rides her unicorn during the qualifier examination, I'm afraid he can't catch it.With envy, he soon saw his own hut. In order to surprise his mother, he gently pushed open the door, but when he stepped into the yard, the whole man froze.The blue-blue eyes quickly got stagnant, and even the entire body couldn't help shivering.Spiritual power is different from ordinary people, so Long Haochen has a calmer and calmer mind than his peers, but at this moment, he can not control their own emotions. The scene before him is really incredible for him.White Pelican was in the yard, but she was sitting on a man's leg. This man, however, was only second to her mother in the life of Long Haochen, but he was promoted from the knight to the prospective knight only a year later. Teacher, Xingyu."You, you..." Long Haochen stood there and could no longer speak. At this moment, his brain was blank."The morning of the morning." The White Pelican struggled to sit up from Xing Yuhuai's arms, but was caught in Xingyu's arms. A light layer of white light flashed over. The White Pelican seemed to have been unable to move, and even the words could not be spoken.Xingyu stood up and put the white pheasant aside, and then looked coldly at Long Haochen."Why? Why should I bully my mother?" Long Haochen almost shouted hysterically. In the buzzing sound, he has drawn out a pair of fine iron swords. Both eyes became red.Xingyu turned his wrists and didn't know how he did it. In his right hand, he had already had more bamboo swords. His left hand was behind his back and the tip of the sword leaned to the ground. A faint trace: "Be yourself."The feeling of excitement that Long Haochen had originally lost was already gone, desperation, pain, resentment, and all kinds of negative emotions were raging."Ah!" Long Haochen yelled and launched a charge towards Xingyu. This time, he did not have any skill at all. At the same time, the two swords were picked up and they tried their best to go to Xingyu.He doesn't know what the level of Xingyu has achieved. The only thing he can be sure of is that he will never be a teacher's opponent. However, the teacher bullied her mother. The two people in his heart actually had such a thing. He still had half his mind at this time.Xing Yu’s bamboo sword swept away. Long Haochen was like he had hit a big mountain. The whole person fell backwards and fell in the courtyard."I just taught you this way. Regardless of facing any enemy, even if it is facing me, we must keep calm." Xingyu said lightly.At this time, Long Haochen could still hear his lesson. When his body was rolling on the ground, he had already climbed again. At this moment, there was a betrayal of anger in his heart. The whole body's blood seemed to burn. Did not hesitate to launch charge again.White blade, thrusting. With the charge, he launched his strongest attack.Xing Yu used the same level of spiritual power as Long Haochen. In his hands, he was just a bamboo sword. However, this thin bamboo sword was easily picked by the weakest position of a pair of iron swords. .With the bamboo swords in a row, they successively swept them over Long Haochen's hands, and the iron swords hit the ground, making a bang twice. Long Haochen also fell backwards and sat down on the floor."Ah--" He did not stop, pain is the source of persistent, even if there is no weapon, Long Hao Chen is like a crazy tiger once again rushed to Xingyu.Xingyu brow wrinkled, before the bamboo sword, went straight to Longxi morning chest piercing. However, Long Haochen did not even hide and hide, directly hitting Jianfeng.Xingyu was startled. Although it was just a bamboo sword, it was also sharp and sharp, and if there wasn't any armored body, if Long Haochen bumped into it, he would be seriously injured if he died. Bamboo Sword subconsciously, Long Hao Chen has already hit him.Without hesitation, Long Haochen bite into Xingyu's arm.With Xingyu's cultivation, it was too easy to shake him. However, he did not move, allowing Long Haochen's teeth to bite into his muscles, but his brow furrowed slightly.