Chapter 61 Bloodthirsty Beta and Mystery Box (top)Long Haochen's eyes were slightly slanted and he held his hand to Cherr's hand... "Since they have things to protect, we must first remove the guards of this carriage." General Gu Jian said that they rarely attack the Mobs grain transport team, because the Mozu has a flying army and reacts very quickly. Once attacked, it is not easy to withdraw. Under such circumstances, the Mozu also sent these ten strong guards of more than five ranks. The things in the carriage may not be ordinary. We are the No. 1 hunting demon corps. This hard bone is ours. Lin Xin and Han Yu, you do a good job of defense and assistance. Once we are invincible, we immediately cover everyone's retreat. Others do not have any scruples and attack with all their strength. ”Listening to Long Haochen's words, Wang Yuanyuan did not hesitate to install the crystal in his hand into the shield of the Great Spirit. Long Haochen, Sima Xian, and Wang Yuanyuan each took out a jasper body guard Dan and a bang spirit in the fingers.The bright moon of Haoyue was around Long Haochen. The three big heads looked very calm. However, if you look closely, you can see that among the eyes, the eyes are sharp and the eye pupils are crystal clear. Last night I had eaten so many Mozu's magic crystals. Although I was only digesting some of them, I had no small benefit to its growth.The Mozu Grain Flews gradually approached, and the hunters who ambushed on the hills were also particularly quiet, but there was a chilling squad in their vagueness.The speed of the food delivery team is not very slow. Within the Mozu domain, animals such as horses have long since disappeared, because they have become food for various races of the Mozu. The double-edged magical body with a superbly strong breeding speed, such as the lowest level of wisdom, the Mozu will naturally send many uses, such as the front of the pull cart. They are not only hard-working, but also physically strong. Eight double-poles pull a vehicle at a fairly rapid rate.The front of the team gradually passed, and the other nine hunting demons were waiting quietly for the command of Long Haochen. All the magicians were already preparing their spells. Now they can't sing or the magical power fluctuations will cause the following. Note that they can only wait.Eventually, the longevity leader of the Mozambican grain transport team gradually walked from the area in which Long Haochen was in their area, and passed the position of the No. 5 hunting demons group at the forefront. Long Haochen nodded to her partners. The physique flickered on the back of the moon, and the children's shadows followed. Chen Yinger and Lin Xin also had a wide back of the moon.The small fire suddenly raised his head and a fireball rose into the sky. Immediately afterwards, its thick and powerful limbs suddenly slammed into the ground and had already rushed out with Long Haochen and others.Wang Yuanyuan and Sima Xian were left and right, guarding on both sides of Haoyue, Han Yu followed straight down to kill him. Ten hunting mobs have been in long-term momentum. Long Haochen had a move on their side. The other nine hunting devils also launched low-pitched magic chants at the same time. They rang in different directions. Although there were only a total of sixty, they were However, all the elites of the six major temples of the human race were repaired at four or more levels and faced with thousands of enemies without any weakness. The three heads of the small fire, the small light, and the small green sang a spell at the same time. The continuous chants that had appeared before were presented again. Each of the three heads had its own rhythm mixed together but formed a special melody. If there is a strong person with more than seven orders at this time, he will be screamed in surprise. This is clearly a race-specific incantation. This kind of spell can only be possessed by those particularly powerful races. For example, the elf magic of the previous high elf family, the dragon magic of the dragons.The chanting of Haoyue at this time is obviously not one of them. I am afraid that no one on the continent can know what it is singing.One of the fireballs of Haoyue sent out, it has alerted the following Mozu. For a moment the Mozu also looked a bit flustered, pulling the car's double-knife mobs to a halt, but they were all tied with reins and it was not easy to get rid of them. The Mozu who are in charge of guarding are all moving and facing the ten hunters who have washed down.Long Hao Chen quietly standing on the back of the moon, the body around a layer of golden light rising into the sky, is it right? There are no shields in his hands, only two heavy swords, blue rain, hibiscus of light and his holy sword.A circle of golden halos swings from the back of the team. Belief halo, guardian gift, and strike aura fall on everyone. It is Han Yu.The reason why Long Haochen did not use the Holy Spirit suit was because his most important task now is to destroy the enemy and wipe out the ten longevity enemies mentioned by Lin Xin.When he washed down from the hill, he saw the goal. The carriage is indeed very obvious. The average magic eye wizard is only about two meters tall and has six eyes on its head. The six magic eyesight warlocks guarded by the carriage are all more than two-and-five meters tall, which makes them extremely large. Their eyes are not six but eight. The monster glow flares.Hung, booming, and booming - the roar of roaring noises was uploaded from both sides of the battlefield at the same time. It was the magicians of other hunting demons who began to presume, and Long Yuchen's side, but there was no magical mother assault. The spell of Haoyue hasn’t been sung.Chen Yinger’s crisp chanting did not begin. She just sat silently on her back and seemed to wait.Dozens of two-pole swords rushed forward in the direction of Long Haochen. At this time, Wang Yuanyuan moved. Her left foot slammed the ground and the whole person accelerated instantaneously, and the body lighted a layer of silver light. The body also became erratic, and the shield of the giant spirit inlaid with spar broke out with a layer of strong light. Along with Wang Yuanyuan’s right-handed wave, the huge shield actually flew out. Into the double knife magic.The shield of the giant spirit is really horrible. The double blade magic is famous for its power, but in front of it it is like the general fragility of the paper paste. The giant shield passes and the blood flies, leaving a stump. Broken arm, dozens of double-pole magic moments are actually no half remaining.Huge shields circled the week, leaving no traces of any remaining enemies and returning to the hands of Wang Yuanyuan. With the strength of this attack, Haoyue’s momentum was naturally unobstructed, and the rank-1 hunting team was like a knife. Into the Mozu battle array.Dozens of dark purple light balls flocked from all directions. It was the Magic Eye Warlock who was responsible for guarding the grain delivery team. Although these magic eye magicians will only use this skill, they can be used once every three to five seconds. They don't need any spells at all. This is their magic talent. Dozens of magic flares rushed in with darkness.A layer of golden mask first opened, the Holy Light shines, and the fifth-order guardian knight group defensive skills. The golden mask covers all of them and lets those magic flares bombard them, leaving only a circle of golden glow on the mask.Prior to leaving the holy city, Han Yu had been with the paladin long Han Yan for a long time. His finger also had a ring at that time. It was the ring of Han Xiao's inheritance, which recorded a great deal of guardian knight's powerful skills. .Han Xiaohui’s may not always be Han Yu’s hope, but at least after this ring of inheritance, Han Yu does not need to worry about learning skills. In the future, the selection of secret skills can also all develop towards treatment, attack and defense. The inheritance of the skills of a grandfather is sufficient.The prestigious light of the Holy Light can be almost equal to the elemental shield of the single elemental defense, and it is very powerful for the dark magic. It is better to deal with the magic eye magician.Lin Xin originally prepared defensive magic immediately tolerate it, the fire cloud crystal shine. After all, the number of people who cooperate with each other is still relatively small, and there is still a distance from tacit understanding, but it is because of this that they need to be more in touch.Sima Xian and Wang Yuanyuan like two sharp sharp swords slammed into the enemy, rushed up to the two-pole magic all instantly disappeared under their attack, both have eaten jasper body Dan, attacking fierce. With the two of them as strikers, the crowd suddenly slammed into the enemy line and pointed directly to the carriage where the target was located.Because the Mozu Grain Transport Team marched forward in a row of long serpents, they just swooped off two sets of double-edged defensive weapons and they had already arrived in the carriage.Magic Eye Warlock can not fight hard with them, with three long legs, and fighting and retreat is their way of fighting, but under the protection of the Holy Light, at least temporarily these magic eyes Warlock will not have much effect .Seeing the carriage near, with the screaming roar, four green and blue figures suddenly rushed up and six huge purple-black light balls began to condense behind them. It was the demonic strongmen who guarded the carriage. Started.At the same time facing four green double-pole magic, for Long Haochen they are still the first time.Originally, Wang Yuanyuan did not retain half of her. When her three crystal stones were inlaid with the shield of the Great Spirit, her fighting power would be promoted to the extreme, but it would not last long. At this time, she naturally would have to dump combat power completely.The thick silver light turned into a thick silver light beam, and then the devil's body blew on a green double-knife body.This green double-knife magic would have wanted to use this pair of stout and strong forelegs to open the beam, but apparently in vain, its strong body was hit directly and crashed into the ordinary devil's eye magician group not far away. In the past, he fell a magic eye magician. Although he did not die on this account, he was also not lightly traumatized. It is the broken air cannon attached to the ship of the Great Spirit.Sima Xian was not idle anymore. A layer of red light filled his eyes. After he became mad, his staff whacked his hands and greeted him with a green, double-edged sword. Under the hard touch, he simply insisted on the green The magic flew out for the impact.