Chapter 61 Bloodthirsty Beta and Mystery Box (middle)At the same time, Long Haochen, who had been outside the building, was moving. His body suddenly leaps up from the back of the moon, and the glaring white light comes from both hands on the epee. It is the double holy sword. This is the powerful spiritual power brought about by the potential. It was actually the same time facing the other two green-green double-edged swords.The shrill buzzing sounded, and Long Haochen was suddenly paused in the air in the morning. The phantom wave of his hand and the crisp sound of the collision caused the two green and black swords to all be stopped by him.This scene looks incredible, and Long Haochen’s body sparkles with golden light, which is actually the light of revenge of light.He was in the air and actually used God to parry. The momentary pause actually reached the premise of displaying God's defense.More importantly, though Long Yuchen’s body was hit and flew, he just stopped by a meter and stopped in the air. The figure was in a roll in the air. The lightning bolt was left to the left and it was the green double-edged sword. The right-handed Sword is a record of Yao-Yi's move toward another green-green sword.The dragon's morning at this time was like the deity.The blue rain and the Hibiscus of Light burst out thousands of white lights, making the powerful green double-knife magic actually have to give up the attack, a pair of forelimbs desperately waving, trying to defend. On the other side, the thick green forearm on the other side was suddenly put on the shelf and he wanted to stop the dragon's morning strike.The Holy Spirit's sword with the sacred light of the sacred sword and the revenge of light on the forelegs of the right-hand side of the green-green double-pole sword, and the shrill cracking sounded, and the green limbs of the double-edged sword were torn apart. Although it was not broken, the turquoise shell was covered in cracks.A loud dragon squawked out of Long Haochen's body and attacked him. In the morning, Long Hao did not go to the left side of the green double blade magic, right-handed Holy Spirit sword swept away, suddenly crashed open the right side of the green double-pole magic forelimb, slammed into the head of its hard shell . There was a cloud of blood.At the same time, the green double-pole knife on the left side actually fell to the ground. Compared with his companions, the house had left a whole body.This is the co-operation of riding and stabbing. The purpose of Dragon's Morning Blue Rain and Hibiscus of Light is to confuse. The blue rain that accompanied the strength of the Holy Sword and the Hibiscus of Light brought a considerable fear to the green double-edged sword. This time, hidden in the dragon's morning before behind him to help him stop in the air of the Chert shot. A blow to kill, shadow avatar plus tyrant thorn "hard cut off the green double-pole devil's central nervous system.It was during this short period of time that "Long Yinchen and Caier had already killed two green and black swords, and on the other side, Wang Yuanyuan had succeeded.After the cracking of the air cannon, following the shield was a split air strike. As the actual strongest warrior of the Hunting Demon Mission Challenge, she would not dare to resist the attack once the attack power broke out. The shield of the giant spirits is like a great axe. "The body of the green and black sword is split open. However," Wang Yuanyuan's face is pale, and he immediately removes the three giant shields. Crystal spar, her spiritual power is no longer sufficient to support her continue to use the power of the shield of the Great Spirit.At this time, the gap in personal strength was revealed. Although Sima Xian was in a state of madness, he did not have any cheap, sacred light for a green double-edged sword under the one-on-one situation. "Light Hammer, Light Hammer, and Light Burst under Continuous Use" can barely withstand the fierce offensive of the green blades. Fortunately, there is Lin Xi's elemental fire shield and timely assistance. Together with him, it resists this green double. Knife magic attack.At this time, the chanting of the three heads of the lunar month finally came to an end, and the magic flares of the six powerful magic eyewitnesses opposite were completed.Six giant magic flares with a diameter of one meter and a full radius went straight to the dragons and bombarded them on their way to the front, and each one was locked on one of them. "The place where the magic bullets passed" was violently distorted, and even the Mozi raiders who were attacked by the siege were falling back.The red, gold, cyan, and three-color hybrid lights form a strange halo that spreads over the top of the moon. The moment the halo appears, all three heads and six eyes of the moon become purple.The strange scene appeared. The moment that the six giant magic flares came in contact with this strange halo turned out to be out of thin air, and the halo was still spread far in the air when they spread to a diameter of fifty. Only when the meters were around, did they slowly descend from the sky and even covered the carriage that Long Haochen had targeted.The seven lavender rays spurted out of the three big heads of the lunar month and landed on the seven dragons in the morning. Seven people only felt that the whole body was warm, and their body was covered in a faint purple shade. Immediately after that, the ring of light landed.A strange whistling sound rang in the range of 50 meters in diameter. Immediately afterwards, the huge beam of light mixed with red, gold, and blue light was rising into the sky.All the range of ordinary double-knife magic even screaming can not be made out, and instantly turned into fly ash, the only green double-edged sword that oppressed Sima Xian was sluggish for a moment, immediately followed by a clear view of the The blue-green shell on the body of the boiled rice, which is not very strong, begins to show a lot of cracks. The screams are constantly screaming in the mouth, and they want to rush out of the beam.How can such a good opportunity Sima Xian pass? The wand of the hand of the hand came up with the hammer of the Light Hammer. This time, the hard shells of the green and black swords lost their defensive effects. Sima Xian's abruptly smashed the forelegs and added a blow. It is completely destroyed.The six powerful devil-eyed warlocks were all shrouded in a halo. They also shrieked screaming in their mouths, sturdy thighs, and mad rushing lights. It can be clearly seen that when they fled, the devil's eyes on their heads burst out one by one. The surface of the skin is also rapidly cracking, and the purple-black light emitted from the body can't stop the erosion of the three-color halo.Her son moved, and at this moment, she seemed to leap like a ghost. In an instant acceleration, she could only see a series of afterimages flashing.Thousands of white light spewed out and enveloped a victimized magic eye magician. In a moment, the body of the magic eye magician became riddled with holes. They are far stronger than the green-green double-edged swords in terms of attacking power, but the defensive aspect is not what these magic-eyed magicians are good at.The dark golden light passed over the two evil eyes one after another, and their bodies fell to the ground.The aggressive force of Caier’s attack completely broke out at this moment. After this high-level evil eye was attacked by Haoyue’s magic, there was no partial revenge in front of her.However, at this time, suddenly a roar erupted and the carriage that had been shrouded in three-colored beams of light shattered and a strong figure appeared there.The food truck is very large and can carry thousands of catties of grain. Once this huge figure appears, it makes Long Haochen and others wait for someone to suck a cold air.It was a big guy who was over six meters long. This creature they had seen yesterday, the wolf, the lion's wings, the snake's tail, the thick and powerful body covered with black keratin, like a big bird. The wide wings beat enough to stir up the wind. Is it the Beta of the Marcos?Only this beta flying devil was different from what they had seen yesterday. The Beta Fly that they met yesterday was only about four meters long, but this one was only six meters away. His eyes were red and his body was covered with a red layer of bloody air.In the minds of the rank-1 hunting demons, a name suddenly emerged. Bloodthirsty Beta.The Bloodthirsty Beta is the pro-Guardian of the thirty-fifth column of the devil, the god Marcusias. Each bloodthirsty Beta is up to seven steps. Although it is only the lowest seven, it is also the seventh strongest. what!However, the situation of the bloodthirsty Beta was not that good. The blue and black feathers that glowed red were falling rapidly. In the rage of angrily, flapping their wings and wanting to fly, they could not be released in the lunar month. The three-color light beam successfully flew in. It can be clearly seen that a small box is tied around its neck with a tough metal rope that does not know what material. Obviously, this is what the powerful Mozu has to protect."Chai children back." Long Hao Chen shouted. "At this time," he fully showed his determination as the leader of the hunting team.Milky rays blew out from the chest and it was the Holy Spirit. Spirit furnace brilliance directly falls on the bloodthirsty Beta flying devil, and the golden red flame instantly rises from the body chalk, which is the fire of the sun.In the face of a strong enemy, it is clearly impossible to step back at this time. The bloodthirsty Betta Feimo is a powerful 7th-order Mozu who can fly. How could they run this guy with Long Yanchen at their speed? Only the first to resist the first to speak.Long Haochen also did not expect that in this ordinary grain transport team actually will be hit by iron plates, met a stage of Mozu.When the child's voice heard the sound of Long Haochen, she turned and returned quickly in the direction of Long Haochen. At the same time, the three big heads of Haoyue suddenly rise and each sends out a rhythmic and strange howl.Three long whistles were divided into high, medium, and low trebles, and a strange scene appeared. The tri-color light beam that encompassed the 50-meter range suddenly converged. Turn into a thick, arm-like glow, slamming on top of the left wing of a bloodthirsty beta struggling to fly.The screams of ferocious screams accompany blood showers. This bloodthirsty Beta has burst into a strong, radiant black light in an attempt to resist it. But the entire left wing is still shattered by the three-color beams. It can no longer fly. Now.Guess what you used in the month of the horse is the skill of God.... Tips, it's not something like the dragon's magic... but it's fierce. Hey.