Chapter 62 into the body! The fusion of blood bonds (Chinese)The stout limbs suddenly slammed on the ground, and the body's black was completely replaced by blue. In the next moment, the originally powerful bloodthirsty Betta actually went up towards the side, like a blue lightning. get away.A sound of silence sounded and a burly figure exploded from the ground. Unfortunately, he was still a little late.Gold and blue, coiled into a cone, with a dazzling flame of fire.Black and gray, annihilating all the colors that have passed.No one saw how the children were taken. They all felt that there was a sudden glance in front of them. In the next moment, the blood-thirsty bees that had fled in the distance had stagnated in the air.After the child's attack, the attacker made his first come, and when the bloodthirsty pagoda stagnated in the air, its body was completely blackened, and only the eyelids turned gray. In the next moment, the water is pervasive, and the light penetrates in awe-inspiring manner. The delicate gold and blue are silently embedded in the inner body. And its body also quickly swelled.The whisper of that wave was the sound of bloodsucking Betata's massive body breaking like a balloon in the air, fluttering in midair.Light rain hibiscus plus reincarnation sword. The combination of Long Haochen and Caier's strongest strike.Just five steps! Long Haochen and Caier are just fifth-order! However, they strangled a bloodthirsty tower of up to seven orders on the battlefield. Thirty-fifth column devil god Marcias's pro-guard.Gao Yingjie stood there, watching almost everything that was happening in front of him, watching the young men and women who slowly fell on the ground, his heart twitching violently.Long Haochen's just-used light and rain hibiscus was completely different from what he used when he attacked him. Spiritualization of the wing, he was actually short-lived with the strength of the Hui Yao knight. Just now, the strike has clearly revealed the power of legendary weapons.It is not what Gao Yingjie knows, but he clearly understands that it is definitely a more terrifying attack than light and rain. That blasphemy is like the essence of killing, and even his hands have become cold.Have you changed yourself and stopped them from hitting each other? Gao Yingjie’s confidence can't give him a positive answer to the chalky case.At the moment when Long Haochen landed on the ground, Haoyue’s huge body was separated from his inner body. He also returned to his original appearance of only fourteen years old. Direct soft squatting on Haoyue body.And on the third day of the month, the big head also hangs down and stays motionless.On the other side, the next child who fell on the ground was softened and fell into a coma.The ability to use far more than one's own scope is at a heavy price. There is no doubt that Long Haochen and Caier at this time are the same."Going to protect the children." Gao Yingjie is the first to react, the body suddenly accelerated, it has been to Long Haochen side, at the same time, a layer of eye-catching gold suddenly burst out of his body, out of the golden light and the sky From.This is the signal of the ten Mithril base knights. Gao Yingjie, who is the captain, is telling his partners to do their best to solve this battle.As Long Haochen expected, the team leader will naturally not allow these young people to face danger, but they have always been hidden in the dark.Only Long Hao Chen did not arrive, and the ten powerful seven-step knights were hidden below the ground.Gao Yingjie has been paying close attention to the situation on the battlefield. When Long Haochen confronted them with green and double-edged swords and eight-eyed magic eyes, Gao Yingjie was secretly taken aback and prepared for his shot.However, Gao Yingjie was also taken aback by the command and dispatch of Long Haochen and the powerful fighting power that everyone burst out. They only had a tacit understanding, but the outbreaks of attacks were even stronger. In particular, Long Yuchen and Caier had almost killed two green double-edged swords in an instant.What made Gao Yingjie even more shocked was the performance of Haoyue. The recording of chaotic elements left Gao Yingjie away.Long Haochen may not know compound magic yet, but how could Gao Yingjie be a seven-step strong man? That's three-attribute compound magic! Isn't there a lot of records in this magical temple? Moreover, it is not difficult for a magician to have three attributes at the same time, but it may not be easy to achieve the same level of three and minorities.Seeing that their team strength was so strong in Long Haochen, Gao Yingjie was fortunate that he would not come out. He wanted to see what the overall strength of these young people was.The emergence of bloodthirsty betas undoubtedly squeezed all these young people's pressure on the bottom of the box.The bloodthirsty Beta is a seven-order demon, but it is obviously far worse than Gao Yingjie of the seventh-order peak, not to mention Gao Yingjie also has such a large killer as the Miriam base tactics. However, don’t forget that when Gao Zhijie first tried to test their strength when they were facing Gao Yingjie, there was no attack at all. However, Bloodthirsty Beta was in a rage and vowed. They all kill.Therefore, the pressure on Long Haochen was tremendous. And Gao Yingjie's shocking scene happened just when he had already prepared to shoot.Seeing bloodthirsty Beita pounced on Long Qichen who could not block the attack at all, Gao Yingjie’s ready-to-wait skills were ready. However, before he could get his hands on, the bloodthirsty Beta was taken out of the air by the bright moonlight. Shocked. Immediately afterwards, the scene of Gao Yingjie's sluggishness was staged and the Bloodthirsty Betta actually had to run. [Spirit of King of India and India]In Gao Yingjie's view, the bloodthirsty betas have to run, and Long Haochen and Caier will definitely stop attacking. However, he did not expect that Long Haochen was already ambiguous at that time, and suddenly got a powerful force. Long Yuchen's consciousness was vague. Only the instinct for fighting could be judged. The adoption of the child is the traction of the dragon's morning air, Long Haochen did not stop, she naturally will not stop.Therefore, when Gao Yingjie called out Cai Er to stop, Caier’s attack had already had to be made.Wang Yuanyuan, Sima Xian, and Han Yu came to pick her children quickly to protect her. Lin Xin was with Chen Yinger and was ready to defend herIn fact, no Mozu has dared to attack them at this time.Even if it is a low-powered double-pole devil, he feels fear when he senses the scent of Long Haochen and Caier.The eight-eyed magic eye-wielders who were still alive had already been seriously injured. They were spurred by the stern spirit of the son-in-law, and the heavy injury to the head suddenly broke out. They saw that they were not alive. With the disappearance of their breath of life, this feat has belonged to the bright moon, and naturally it belongs to Long Haochen.Gao Yingjie has a clear understanding of this battle, but other hunting groups are not. They just saw the most shocking scene.Long Haochen took off with purple, and adopted the eruption of that child's foiled murderous spirit to attract their sight. The next time, they saw a very large body of the Mozu in Long Haochen and Caier. The bombardment of the corpse was not saved.Although they did not know how powerful Long Yuchen and Chener were at that time, energy fluctuations could still be felt.The mission was successfully completed. The hardest bones had been taken by the rank-1 hunting slayer and the other nine hunting demons were just killing.Accompanied by Gao Yingjie's command, five minutes after the Mithril base knights joined, they could no longer see a living Mozu.Gao Yingjie held Long Yichen with one hand and dragged one hand over the bright moon. He shouted in a loud voice: "Before you evacuate here, say."The movements on this side are not small. The Mozu people also have methods of exploration by the Mozu people. I believe that the Mozu army will soon arrive. After all the food is lit, the people quickly retreat. Before leaving, Lin Xin went to collect bloodthirsty Betata's corpse and plucked the box on his neck.The benefits of fewer people and fewer people are at the very least retreating. Although Haoyue's body is huge, it is still bigger than it. The deafening Golden Horn Mammoth took on the weight of Haoyue, and all the people ignited all the cars under the leadership of the ten leaders and evacuated to the farthest speed.They did not return to their original paths but instead withdrew into the distance and entered the mountains directly from another position in the Enchanted Mountains.The Demon Mountains are completely under the control of the Temple Alliance Royal Warlords. Exorcism is the only entrance to the mountain range. All other directions must go straight to the mountains. The terrain is more complex. The Temple Alliance also has heavy guards. It is an insurmountable battle for the Mozu, and it is the road to retreat for the ten new hunting demons.Gao Yingjie carefully examined the situation of Long Haochen and Caier. Both of them did not cause any harm, but they were all in a state of weakness.In the Enchanted Mountains, the collaborators who had already waited here have taken them quickly into the mountains. At this time, no matter how the Mozu reacted, it was too late.This was the first time a big victory was achieved. Although there were many people in the ten hunting mobs who were wounded and the fastest to update, of course they were the throne of India, but they were not serious. They were treated very quickly by the priest. To recover, they not only burned the Mozu's food, but also destroyed all enemies. Some members of the hunting demons still complained that the leaders should not have shot and robbed them of a lot of merit.Under the treatment of Gao Yingjie, Caier took the lead in waking up. It seems she can still be in a weak condition, but she still insists on staying with Long Haochen.Yang Wenzhao gave his unicorn to shine out, carrying the comatose Long Haochen and the adoptive child after waking. After two hours, they finally returned to the Exorcism.Even if there were no leader's shots, they could successfully complete the task. Therefore, when reporting to the military, Gao Yingjie directly concealed what they had done. On the merits and deeds, each hunting demon group received a total of two hundred merit points, which were uniformly assigned by heads of hunting demon groups.