Chapter 62 into the body! The Integration of Blood Deficit (on)As envisioned by Long Haochen before the arrangement, for the merit value, the morale of the hunting demon elite rose.However, the fire also covered most of the forms on the battlefield. Each hunting demeanor can only take care of the situation around them. For Long Haochen's side, at the most, it is to see that the chaotic elements are carved out of powerful power. Obviously, the team was sent out by Long Haochen. They have not yet discovered the crisis facing Long Haochen on their side.The son of the bloodthirsty bastard is already mad. It hated the human beings in front of them, especially the dragon's morning attracted by the holy spirits. It also knew that it would be impossible not to kill Long Haochen. Kill other people's. This time no longer spit light, but shining blue and black halo, went straight to Long Hao morning rushed over.This rush was extremely fast, and at the same time, a strong blue-black light was spreading from it, and its formation was the same as its glory.The pressure of terror is blowing. What does the seven steps mean? It means that there are over 10,000 spiritual powers! Long Hao Chen was only two thousand within the spiritual power, although the strength of this bloodthirsty Beta can not be compared with Gao Yingjie, but the full force of the outbreak is also full of his spiritual power five times, it is not God Block can resist. What's more, this is the full blow of the bloodthirsty Beta.In the face of bloodthirsty Beta, which locks himself into a flutter, Long Hao Chen is in trouble, traction skills are used, pulled in not far away Haoyue body, relying on Haoyue huge weight, gave his body a backlash, the whole person instantly Traverse.Although the bloodthirsty beta is locked in Dragon's morning, it is a physical attack and naturally cannot turn itself to energy attacks. Limbs were shot on the ground and rushed to Long Haochen again.At this time, Wang Yuanyuan's Great Spirit's Shield was installed, and Chen Yinger's creature door finally completed the call. Caier and Sima Xian pursued to the bloodthirsty Beta. Lin Xin and Han Yu’s defensive skills tried their best to be directed to Long Haochen.The entire block looks a bit confusing, but this time, Long Haochen's heart is very clear. There is no doubt that hard fights must die. This text is provided by the Sailing Update Group.This is the answer that Long Haochen gave to him. Even with the help of their defensive skills, in the face of a full-scale strike of the Mozu family, he absolutely can not withstand.How to do? Just as Long Haochen's preparations were determined to take a fight, the backswept three-in-one roar suddenly rang.The deafening buzzing sounds mixed with a hint of purple, hitting the bloodthirsty beta by the body of Long Haochen.Long Haochen only felt that his body was hot, and the blood in his inner body seemed to have been completely ignited. Immediately afterwards, he clearly felt that a force behind him had struck himself.It is clearer from the perspective of others.When Long Haochen took the body of Haoyue and slid it backwards, the three heads of Haoyue rose suddenly. In the sound of yelling, its huge body was completely transformed into a crystal clear purple, and a roaring purple halo was instantly heard. The spit engulfed Long Haochen's body and hit him through his body.The bluish green brilliance released by the bloodthirsty Beta Trail actually melts away, and its body is suddenly lagging in the air. This rush is actually blocked by the purple bleak air that looks just like the fog. In the eyes of Blood Bereta, the flames that burned due to fury also dimmed, but they revealed a hint of fear.The bright moonlight purple body accompanied by the purple light it blew, slammed into the dragon's morning from the rear at the speed of lightning.The pupil's pupils contracted. What surprised them was that the four-meter-long body of Haoyue actually merged into Long Yuchen's body. Let Long Yuchen cast a purple tinge on the whole person.The original black hair instantly became purple, and it turned purple and there was Long Yaochen's left eye. The transparent, glittering golden eyelid suddenly became a purple color. This is what a strange scene.Hot! Long Haochen's feeling was hot at this time. He just felt that his body seemed to have an extra powerful energy that stimulated his body to grow wildly. At the age of fourteen, he was only less than one-seven-thirty-meters tall, but at this time he was growing in an instant, including his bones and muscles, all of which seemed to be affected by that enormous energy. Strict young men who are nine meters away.Purple hair shawl gold and purple two different colors of the eyelid in the heart of the eye-catching embarrassment, color, Long Hao morning the body of the Holy Spirit is indeed a devil-level suit along with his body's enlargement also will increase.The appearance of Long Haochen was beautiful, but after all, he was still only a teenager. At first he looked even a little like a girl. However, at this time, he was surrounded by purple light, and even the very masculine girl Wang Yuanyuan looked sluggish. Gold and purple are just like the integration of justice and evil. The handsome and extreme appearance is like the sculpture made by the creator of the creation. The white cherubs reveal a noble purple color. His whole body is even slightly suspended. In mid-air.Ziye noble and evil spirits, pure and kind, the combination of these two different temperament makes Long Haochen like a huge magnet, attracting the attention of all living creatures around. Even if it is used as death, the enemy's bloodthirsty beta, watching the rapid changes in the dragon's morning, have some sluggish, and actually did not set up to launch an attack on him.The door of Chen Yinger's creatures has been completed, but unfortunately, heaven does not come from people. This time it was born from the door of the soul that it was a fat, round piglet.The piglet was a little longer than a ruler, but Bai Zhe's skin looks very clear and translucent. Looking at everything around with a curious look. However, when its eyes saw the omnivorous dragon's morning glow, it was like seeing a ghostly spirit. He leaned back and saved, directly into Chen Yinger’s arms, and his body shivered because it was excessive. Fear, a pig's mouth even bite in the hands of Chen. This text is provided by the Sailing Update Group.Chen Yinger only felt a slight tingling in his palm and didn't care much about it. At this moment, her eyes were full of bright stars..."That's so handsome. Is this Tao's appearance after growing up in the morning? It's handsome! The handsome is invincible. The heart-shaped light of Peach keeps her mother out of her eyes. She just feels like her own heart momentarily. It has been forcibly seized by the police, and the never-to-be-existent attitude of an anthropomorphic paradox is almost uncontrolled.The experience of adopting children is different from that of other people because she can't see and can't see everything happening outside, but she feels more sensitive than anyone else. She felt that Long Hao Chen changed in the morning, and the original forbearance seemed to have disappeared. His breath was increasing at a geometric multiple. An atmosphere that she could not describe was rapidly changing, making Caier's color changing. The reincarnation and reincarnation swords in her inner body suddenly emerged at this time with a fierce and incomparable killing. It seems that it was completely out of the self-protected and reckless murderousness.Since the possession of reincarnation and reincarnation swords, this is the first time they have taken the initiative to change. Is it just the atmosphere of the morning that made them feel threatened? Or even fear?The whole process of change is slow to say. It is actually a momentary effort. A pair of crystal-clear purple wings suddenly stretched out from behind the dragon's morning, the wings were not very wide, and the wingspan was only three meters away. Compared with the spiritual power wing that Long Xingyu displayed in that year, it can't be compared. But the purple wings are like the amethyst sculptures, without feathers, but full of crystal texture.The shock in the minds of the No. 1 hunting demons is endless, and no one knows why Long Haochen suddenly appeared such a big change. They don't even know whether this change is good or bad, but it is certain that the spiritual power Wings are the characteristics of the knight. Moreover, at this time, Long Haochen is probably not as simple as the ordinary Huiyao Knight.The sword of the Holy Spirit quietly disappeared into the ring of forget-me-nots. In the hands of Long Haochen, only the blue rain and the hibiscus of light remained.The golden and blue brilliance moments erupted, and Long Haochen's left hand took care of the move. Gold and blue turned into two rays of light and surrounded him.The blue rain and the hibiscus of light rose up with a ray of water and waves. A misty glow of gold and blue light radiated. The reprinting of Long Haochen's hands had disappeared so far. It is the two light bands that are excited instantaneously. The two streams of light are entangled in the air.Bloodthirsty light in the eyes of bloodthirsty Beretta gradually became fear, not only because of the dragon's morning in front of it, but also because of the sudden outbreak of a murderous moment in the rear.Endless black spreads on the children, and even some double-edged swords that come from not far away are directly slammed into the ground in this mortal world, completely losing the brilliance of life.Yes, with the dual changes in the body and breath of Long Haochen, Caier’s reincarnation was inspired. Even if there is no traction on Long Haochen’s side, in order to save his man, Caier also has to do the same, but now she and Long Haochen’s joint explosion has become more consistent under the influence of that strange atmosphere. People come together one after the other.As dark as ink, Caier's long hair fluttered in the air, actually forming a disk behind her head, and the air around her turned into a distorted black.With purple on the other side of the dragon's body, the shore is brighter than the shore.One side is crystal noble purple, while the other is endless black engulfing. At this time, the powerful bloodthirsty beta is like the cream in sandwich biscuits.Hey, the reincarnation has to be shot. In order to pick children's reincarnation.