Chapter 62 into the body! The Integration of Blood Deficit (II)Because Long Haochen is still in a coma. 'As the deputy captain's Caier instead of him received the meritorious deeds of the No. 1 hunting demon group.Gao Yingjie returned to their barracks with the crowds of No. 1 hunter demons, and Caier took the dragon's head carefully and laid it on the bed. The worries between the brows stretched."It's not fair to lead the team. Our group has paid the most. Why did we get the same merits as they did?" Shatou, the bald priest, dragged the moon into the barracks and couldn't help complaining to Gao Yingjie after closing the door with his feet.Indeed, the No. 1 hunting corps had ridiculed the most difficult bones, killing four green double-edged swords, six eight-eyed magic eyes, and even a seventh-order bloodthirsty beetle. It can be said that Long Haochen took more than half of the pressure on this task. For this reason, Long Haochen and Caier also both fell into a coma. The No. 1 hunting demon group claimed its best.Gao Yingjie looked at him with an upbeat tone and said, "Okay! Then I will go and show you the merits, Lin Xin, give me the bodies that you have collected, and the box.""Hey ...," Lin Xin scratched his head and said: "Leader, I didn't say anything!"Sima Xian looked slightly confused and looked at Gao Yingjie and Lin Xin.Gao Yingjie had no good manners: “Look at what? Before you go back, you don’t see Lin Xin collecting the bodies of those worthy Mozu, and the box of bloodthirsty Beta. Although I don’t know the box. What is in it, but it can be touched to protect the bloodthirsty pagodas of the Marcanthians, surely the value will not be bad. Is not to count these, do you know how much you are hunting these Warcraft feats? It's true that the trophy will be handed over. This is the rule of the army. Are you willing?""I have one eye and one eye closed. It is indeed your greatest effort, but these Mozu corpses you have obtained are also of great value. Each of the four green-green swords is worth ten points. This is not worth it.The eight-eyed magic eye magician is even more expensive to say the value of their corpses, there are only as many as 30 meritorious deeds for you. Kill the bloodthirsty Beta dragon Both Ao Chen and Caier have paid a small price, but similarly, the up to seven orders of the Mozu also have the most meritorious feats. I am afraid that all the feats you have won are not equal to a bloodthirsty Beta. It's more than that. That's a thousand meritorious deeds, presumably now in the trophy card of your leader." This article was provided by the Sailing Update Group.After listening to Gao Yingjie's words, everyone couldn't help but greet each other with a cool air.Gao Yingjie smiled. "I haven't finished yet. Lin Xin's bloodthirsty Betata body has been broken, but the magic crystal he also picked up a hair this magic crystal to get back to the holy league hunting demon headquarters You can also sell a thousand exploits. How are you, are you planning to do something with others now?"Sima Xian's big bald head shakes like an oil lamp blown by the wind. "No, no, it's my short-sightedness. You are the most famous team leader.Gao Yingjie snorted and said, “Less ass. I told you that it is for your good to not ask you for your work. The last performance of Long Haochen and Caier has already been seen in the eyes of others. If you tell them what you are doing, What do you think about what the nine hunting demons have to say about you? Don't forget that you are in a team game right now. Do you intend to be targeted by other teams at the same time? If so, under their rivals, you guys In the next two months or so in the days of exorcism, would you like to be better? Your team's strength is even stronger. When you perform such a collective task today, can you still eat a fat person without the cooperation of other teams? Before the victory or defeat, it's better to keep a low profile. Lin Xin, the box, you go directly to Long Haochen, don't show it to me, I don't know anything, and I haven't seen anything.""Yes! The name of the team leader." Lin Xin smiled and greeted Gao Yingjie with a magician etiquette."Okay. You have all worked hard. Let's take a rest. If Long Haochen and Caier have anything uncomfortable to tell me in time, I will go first."Everyone smiled tacitly, and in addition to the children, he shouted at the same time: "Greeting to the leader.""Wait a minute." Before Gao Yingjie prepared to leave, suddenly, a weak voice sounded.Always guarding the child's Jiaoqu Jiao around Long Haochen, he hurriedly tightened his hand.Long Hao morning he woke up and his face looked very pale, a pair of golden eyes in dim light, vaguely able to see in his left eye seems to have the slightest residue of purple."Pick me up and help me." Dragon's weak morning.Picker gently pulled his arm and held him on the back to help him sit upright.All the people's eyes were invariably on Long Haochen. Gao Yingjie said: "What kind of morning are you?"Long Haochen shook his head slightly and said: "I have nothing to do with the leader. Lin Xin, you give the box to the leader.""Ah?" Lin Xin stayed, and some incredible looking at Long Haochen, "Head of the team, this is our loot ah!"Long Haochen shook his head and said: "No, this is everyone's trophy. Since the Mozu sent strong guards, maybe the things in this box are related to the secrets of Mozu's offensive and exorcism. We can't just because of ourselves. The private sector affects the entire war situation. Moreover, the battle to destroy the food delivery team is a common move of our ten hunting demons. Yes, they are our competitors, but we must not forget that they are even more. Our robes, our common enemy is the Mozu, this box must be very important, we can't stay, otherwise we'll be plagued by others later.Listening to Long Haochen’s words, Lin Xin’s eyes were clearly disapproving. There are also Korean and Chen Yinger’s who share the same ideas.Chen Yinger murmured: "Not so serious. Isn't it a small box?"Long Haochen's face was slightly sinking. "This is only a small box, but if we selfishly put it together, will we have to meet good things again when we perform tasks together with other hunting mobs? I request Everyone supports me this time. I'm willing to give everyone my share of the merits of today's battle. I'm deducting my own share of the merits that should be equally distributed to everyone.""Listen to the dawn of the morning. Meixin, give the box to the leader." Wang originally opened. The girl's heroic face is full of pride. "What if the box is a bastard-like treasure? Is it not possible to get it after the ability of the No. 1 hunting demons?"Long Haochen and Wang Yuanyuan all said so, and other people are naturally not good enough to oppose it, and they can kill the bloodthirsty betta. It can be said that they are all the achievements of Long Haochen and Caier. They also paid a hefty price for this. Long Haochen has always admired everyone in the team.Lin Xin frustratedly took the box out and handed it to Gao Yingjie. “Head, do not say what merits you and what you see. You are our leader. Your decision is everyone’s final decision. I hear you就 就 就 ” 本 本 本 本 本 本 本 ”Sima Xian also nodded. "Yes, you are the head of the team. You have the final say. We believe that what you did was right."The long pale face of Long Haochen showed a slight smile and said: "Thank you for your trust in me. Leader, you can give this box to the Exorcists. Let me say that I had previously killed the Mozu. As for us. We will no longer turn in the bodies that we got back in. After all, our consumption is also very great this time. Lin Xin also needs to make materials for the use of immortality., He is not a pedantic person, and the box is probably related to driving. The devil is at risk, he advocates handing it out, but the bodies of the Mozu people are of no importance, and it is everyone who desperately strangles them. Naturally, they do not have to pay.Gao Yingjie took a deep look at Long Haochen. For the first time, he felt admiration for this young man. He nodded slightly to him and said, “You are a good leader.” Then they handed Lin Xin to him. The box, turned away.Looking at Gao Yingjie's departure, Long Haochen smiled a little and said: "I'll take a break first and wait for me to recover a little bit and give everyone a bonus."Sima Xian sat down on the bed. "I'm exhausted. Lin Xin. You're really powerful. But this is really uncomfortable. I feel weak now."Lin Xin smiled and said: "Didn't I eat it? No way, endure it. Twelve hours passed. It's estimated that we will not perform any tasks within twelve hours. We haven't practiced it yet." Use, sleep, sleep."Long Hao Chen pulled children to pick their children back to their small home. Holding Caier's hand, his pale face was tense. Reincarnation furnace, mining children used. That side effect...Caier naturally knew what he was thinking and whispered: “Rest assured, I’m fine. At that time, although I was driving the reincarnation, I only borrowed the Sword of Reincarnation and I didn’t use the body. Because then you The light rain and laughter are sufficient, but the breath released by the combination of you and Haoyue has affected my reincarnation. This time I was lucky and I lost my sense of smell. I just could not smell you. Because there is no stimulating body of reincarnation, the consumption is not great.For up to half a month, my sense of smell will be restored. ”Caier said the understatement, but Long Hao Chen looked at her unbroken red lips, but the hearts of waves of colic. What she lost was not just taste, she didn't even have the ability to breathe through her nose. How painful this is! What's more, losing his sense of smell will undoubtedly make it more difficult for him to judge the outside world with many and different feelings. The sense of smell is small to her, but what if it is lost? What if she loses hearing? Eyes can not watch, ears can not hear, what a pain it is.