Chapter 63 Light Elemental Furnace and PiggyThe child's roots were tightly restrained, and it was me that I was not good. I didn't protect you. Only then did you use the reincarnation. "Caier smiled. "A fool, as long as you're okay. It's really strange that you've been blending with the lunar month. Even my sword of reincarnation has been moved by you. It seems that my cultivation is still very good. Did not do well."In a hurly cautious manner, Long Haochen reverberated: "From now on, I will not allow you to participate in any battle before you can recover. You can only rest here."Picking a child, she spoke out and said, "What's going on? I'll be with you."Long Haochen shook his head and shook his head, almost overbearing: "No, I can only stay here to rest. On this battlefield, I do not fully protect your ability. I can no longer let you face any danger. Caier, we It's been so long together, I never asked you anything, but this time you must promise me. Certain."Zier was silent, but she was somewhat uncomfortable with the toughness of Long Hao's morning suddenly. However, she could feel the slight trembling of Long Haochen's body due to emotional excitement."Chai, do you know? I'm afraid of losing you. I promise you that when you're not with me, I'll take good care of myself and protect myself. I'll be back safely and don't worry about you."Caier nodded softly in his arms. "Well, I listen to you."Long Haochen was overjoyed. "Thank you, Caier."Cherrie relied on his warm chest and said softly: "As long as you remember, I was more afraid of losing you. In this world, you are the only one who can bring me warm."Long Haochen gently kissed her forehead. The two men closed their eyes almost at the same time. Their faces looked more than they did. Their hearts were closer.The Holy Month of Xia Ren sat quietly on a large, dark armchair, and stood beside him, standing quietly with the chief of the exorcism and painting. He temporarily took over from the Holy Spirit and was responsible for the exorcism and defense of Cheng Tianze."This is the situation for the adults."Liao Tianfa had just reported to the holy month that ten new hunting demons had cut off the mission of the Mozambican grain transport team, including the box.“This thing is very precious, and it's also very bad for Long Haochen to take it out.” On the holy face of the Holy Moon, a rare smile appeared on his old face, and his fingers tapped on the box. His eyes flashed slightly. He did not know. Thinking about something.Cheng Tianze said: "According to Gao Yingjie, Long Haochen did not open the box and handed it over. He was afraid that there were important items in the box related to exorcism. These children are not simple. For me, they may not be willing to hand it in. They should have met with strong resistance this time, and it is estimated that Gao Yingjie’s shot was only able to kill the demon that protects this stuff. At least seven orders of Mozu. If it weren't the nature of this thing, I'm afraid the protection will be stronger."The Holy Moon's micro-scarhead said, "Anyway, these little guys are so unselfish, our assassin's temple can't be jealous."As he spoke, his fingers flicked, and the solid lid on the box accompanied the "sweeping sound of a wave."A soft white light rose quietly out and could be clearly seen. It was a small person. Only half a foot high, the whole body exudes a holy white light, and behind it are some folds of small wings that are stretched out, but fail to fly. 'Bu's face is full of tiredness, struggling slightly, trying to beat his own wing.Light Elemental Elves. Yes, in the box that Long Haochen recaptured, he was a light elemental elves, precious and incomparable.Spirit furnace this and the heavenly material and the magic demon are also able to absorb, but the exception of the light element spirit furnace, because the demon has naturally has the dark attribute, most rejects to the light attribute. If this thing is absorbed by them, it will definitely be much larger than the most poisonous poisons.If Long Haochen knows that the box is filled with light element spirit furnace, I am afraid that he must hesitate to make a decision.In all elemental furnaces, the most precious are light and dark elements. Because they are not only rare, but also have extraordinary significance for Mozu and humans.The light element spirit furnace ranks not particularly in all spiritual furnaces, of course, is much stronger than the St. Induction furnace, and is ranked about twenty in all spiritual furnaces. However, it has a common feature with the Holy Spirit, which is the softness of nature. Contrary to the coolness of the Dark Elemental Furnace.After the absorption of the light element furnace, as long as it does not encounter the spirit furnace of the property, it will not easily produce rejection. Moreover, the use of light element furnace is also the most widely used, for the owner of all light attribute capabilities. The most appropriate nature is a priest, a knight, and a light magician. If any one of them sees the light element spirit furnace, I am afraid that we will fight for it at all costs.Holy Moon looked at the little guy and smiled a little. "Your pain will be far away. Let me find a partner for you. Otherwise, your little fellow is so weak that you can only gradually vanish."Looking up at Tianze, the softness in the eyes of the Holy Moon is gradually being replaced by chills. "If I haven't guessed correctly, the Mozu sent this element of light to the Mozu Barracks, and he intends to trade with us." It is most likely to exchange food."The Mozu lacks food The Temple Alliance is very clear, but in the face of some special treasures, the Temple Alliance sometimes conducts some transactions with Mozu. It's also all you need. In the eyes of both parties, what they have obtained is what they need most.For example, the Mozu had been arrested by the Temple Alliance as a low-level demon god, eventually returning the demon captive to mankind with ten spirits.The six-thousand-year war has created an inexorable relationship between humanity and the Mozu, but it has not been changed during the entire war.Cheng Tianze hesitated a moment and said: "You are the hero, you mean, to return this light element, the soul furnace to the team that got it?"The Holy Moon shook his head and said: "That would not. We do not use this thing at the Assassin Temple itself. However, this action was initiated by ten hunting mobs, and the value of the Elemental Light Furnace you It is also very clear that if it were only returned to Long Haochen their team, once the news leaked, I am afraid that will cause public outrage.This is not beautiful, not only does not show the assassination of our assassin temple, but will have a counter effect. “Liao Tianfa said, "What should we do?"The Holy Moon stretches out a finger and gently rubs it on top of the light elemental elf's head. "Let this little one choose for himself.As he spoke, he couldn't help but notice a trace of stickiness. This is two birds with one stone! Thought of this, the adult can not help but a bit of himself.Long Haochen was noon when they returned. Excessive fatigue caused everyone not to have lunch. Suddenly, when the day was darkened again, a scream came to awaken everyone in their sleep."Ah! Ah! Ah! Why and why." The screams echoed in the barracks and awakened everyone."What's wrong? What's wrong?" Sima Xian stood up and sat up, reaching out and grabbing the staff at the bedside.On the other side, Wang Yuanyuan also jumped up from the bed and jumped out of bed just wearing a jumper.This voice was sent from Chen Ying Er’s bed because she also learned the appearance of Cai Er and surrounded her bed with a cloth. Therefore, people from the outside could not see the situation inside.Others naturally sobered up. Wang Yuan was originally a girl. When she stepped forward, she opened Chen Yinger's bedclothes and looked inwards. This couldn't help but she couldn't help.The perspective of his avatar is still invisible, and Long Haochen has already taken it to the ground at this time. A few steps will come to Wang Yuanyuan, but the bed is a girl. He is not good enough to look directly at it. Wang Yuanyuan asked: "What happened to her baby?"“You see it for yourself.” Wang Yuanyuan twisted the cross, and Long Haochen clearly saw that her lips were in touch, as if she was trying to laugh.Wang Yuanyuan left the position, and the people naturally saw the situation inside. They saw Chen Yinger sitting there looking like tears, but in her arms there was a small pig arching.The piglet's snow-white skin is crystal-like soft meat like lychee. It is round and round, and it is only about a foot long. There was a faint flash of light under the white skin."Sakura children, how is this you? This is your summoning beast?" Long Haochen asked with a doubt. After a few moments of rest, his tone has improved. Although he can't fight, walking does not affect it.Chen Yinger suddenly cried out wow, holding pigs in the arms fiercely threw himself on the bed, tears flowed. Seeing that kind of thing is incomprehensible pain.Lin poison probe came, doubting said: "how to cry so sad. This pig is pretty cute. Do you want to eat roast suckling pig at night?" As he said, "Phi, his fingers raised a flame .A hypertrophic piglet burrowed out of Chen Yinger's waist, looked foolishly at Lin, and blew a hard breath toward him."Oh." The flame on Lin Jia's finger actually disappeared."Hey, this little pig is a little bit ah! Ying Ying, this will not be your beast summoned it." Lin foolishly laughed.It doesn't matter if he laughs. Chen Yinger even cries louder.Under this circumstance, Lin was ridiculously absent, and the faces of other people were changed instantaneously. Wang Yuanyuan hesitated: "Sakura, this, this should not really be..."Chen Yinger swiftly sat upright, and Pear looked at the crowd with rain. “I, I don’t know what’s going on. Before I killed the food truck, I started the door of the creature and summoned the pig.” At the time you were fighting the bloodthirsty Beta, I saw it apparently not fighting, so I held it. Later, when the battle was over, I saw it very cute and brought it back. At that time, you were in a bad state. Notice.""I thought, this little pig looks so cute, I naturally play with it for a while it will disappear because of the end of magic. My summoned animal summoned from the door of the soul can only last for three hours only. However, but this It's been more than four hours, but it hasn't disappeared yet. When I woke up, I watched it still and I was terrified. I quickly checked my soul contract. I, I actually..." She said here, everyone. Naturally understand it.Chen Yinger is actually inexplicably signing a soul contract with this little white pig that looks harmless to humans and animals. Become her beast of benevolence.Chen Yinger looked at the soft whiteness of the White Pig in front of him and could not help but woke up again.For a summonsman, it is absolutely essential that this beast summons the beast. Because the beast of summoning will grow up with the summoner's growth. The inherently stronger benevolent summons the stronger the strength after the growth.The low-level summoners rely on various summons, and the real Summoner's strong is based on the Summoned Beast. A mighty summoned beast, even more than the Summoner's own rank, reaches the Summoner of the Nine Order Stronger, and will surely have a powerful tenth summon beast. Nine-step strongmen in the face of any other profession are no less.Chen Yinger's talent in the summoning division is very different from the ordinary summoner, but the aspect of the beast summoning is exactly the same. At this time, she actually had a little pig as a benevolent summoned animal, which made her feel awful! More crucially, she immediately remembered Yang Wenzhao's shining unicorn.Chen Yinger regrets so much. Why did he not listen to the sacred warriors from the last time? He took in the wicked eye lord. Although it does not look good, it is still powerful! Now that you have got such a pig out, what role can you play in the team? This is the battlefield dragging oil bottle, she is bound to be eliminated by the team."Don't cry, what's the use of crying?" The cold voice suddenly remembered, like a cold water pouring face, so that Chen Yinger Ling Ling shuddered.The crowd turned to look surprised and actually spoke.Since the formation of the No. 1 hunting demon corps, when she had little to speak, she almost completely communicated with other people. She just silently followed. But her deterrence and importance in the team is something that everyone must face squarely. Before Long Haochen merged with Haoyue in the embodiment of Huiyao Cavaliers, she deserved to be the strongest and first attacker on the team.“Look things can not only use your eyes, but also use your heart. Do not be blinded by the appearance of your eyes. An ordinary pig may take the initiative to conclude a soul contract with you but let you as the summoner of your own What?"