Chapter I The Examination of Servant Knights (2)"Teacher, let him re-assess it once." The opening is the first through the assessment is also the youngest of these children Jiang Hu."Yeah! Instructor, give me another chance.""Teacher, Hao Chen is very hard at training every day. Let him try again."For a time, the sound of pleading for Long Haochen almost sounded from every teenager. This is an affiliation that brings people for good savings. What's more, they are only a group of children, and far from benefit relations.Balza replied: "Quiet." The wide hall suddenly fell silent.Barza said: "Well, I will give him a chance, but for the sake of fairness, Long Haochen, you must first defeat Jiang Hu in a one-on-one battle to gain this opportunity. All of you who fail are also In the same way, whoever can beat Jiang Hu, I will give him the opportunity to re-evaluate it within three days."Long Haochen was overjoyed. He first thanked the partners and then turned to Barza. "Thank you for the instructor."When Balzaar was a man, he couldn't help but look at his face full of sunshine and pure smile. He did not care about Long Haochen. Instead, he looked at Jiang Hu and said indifferently: "Go all out. Otherwise, I will cancel your title as a knight. Have you understood?""Yes," Jiang Hu agreed, and pulled out the wooden sword behind him. The other teenagers scattered around and let out an empty space."Ah, morning, be careful, I will not be merciless." Jiang Hu wood swords closed in front of a long ride to the morning, a knight ceremony.Long Haochen also replied, "Jiang Big Brother, please."Jiang Hu shouted, and a progressive rush was made. The wooden sword in his hand went straight to Long Hao's morning and the target was his left shoulder.Long Haochen looked very quiet and looked like he was acting like a slow one. He didn't move until Jiang Hu's hand was half the distance. The sword on the wooden sword in his hand just scans the bottom of Jiang Hu's blade.With a bang, “Jiang”, Jiang Hu’s sword was actually swung away when his spiritual power was significantly greater than Long Haochen’s.Seeing this sword, Barza's eyes suddenly flashed surprise.Although Jiang Hu’s wooden sword was swung away, his reaction was quick. He could take advantage of the fact that his body was spinning and he took his arm back to the strength of his back. The wooden sword circled in his hand for a whole week and ran out.Jiang Hu's strain is very exciting. It is quite good that he can achieve this level of age. However, Long Haochen’s response was even more surprising.When Jiang Jian attacked with a sword, he had already advanced. The distance between the two was already close. With his progress, the man had come to Jiang Hu. This time, it was the moment when Jiang Hu's body was spinning.How did he attack? In Balza’s mind, there was also a question. The wooden sword was three feet long, and Long Haochen was already close to the body and was absolutely impossible to display.However, at this time, Long Haochen's attack has been used. He used a hilt.The body dipped and dwarfed, and the top of the hilt was at the top of Jiang Hu’s ribs. The attack did not even have a force. However, Jiang Hu’s body had already fallen back and he swept away the wooden sword. From the head of Long Haochen passed."Stop." Barza cried.In Barza's eyes, there was a flash of clean light, and Shen replied: "If you lose balance, move with the old, Jiang Hu, you lose. If Long Haochen's hilt is a bit harder, you're already lying on the ground."Jiang Hu scratched his head awkwardly. "Yeah, you're so embarrassed."Long Haochen took the sword and stood up. Some apologetics looked at Jiang Hu who was finally able to stand firm.Barza nodded to Long Hao in the morning and said: "You can make a second assessment attempt."Before returning to the stakes, Long Haochen's face became apparently dignified. Such a look on his youthful face was an unusual feeling.With his hands clinging to wooden swords, the dedication of Long Haochen's eyes became apparently strong. It seemed that on his body, there was a layer of looming halos. Especially in his eyes, in the clarity of the blue and blue eyes, the eyes are so determined.Suddenly, Long Xuan's fierce spin, took his share of his peers far beyond his peers and waved his wooden sword.砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , –"Eleventh, through." Barza sounded with shock. From Linger 9 to Spiritual 11, it sounds just the difference between the numbers two. However, in the previous assessment, Long Haochen had already used his best efforts! The fact that he was able to generate such a large increase at this time means that he has stimulated his potential to the limit.After a brief shock, Balzai returned to normal, so Long Haochen himself went to the clinic to wrap up, and then continue the next assessment."The appraisal is over. All those who have not passed will not need to come back tomorrow. Passers will allocate new instructors tomorrow. Now that they have been dissolved, they can go home after receiving Peiyuan.""Thank you for the instructor." The youngsters shouted in unison."Long Haochen, you stay."The youngsters left in the cheers, whether they passed the assessment or not. At this age, they can easily find happiness and happiness.In the wide hall of Odinzi Hall, there are only two dragons, Long Haochen and Barzal."Well, tell me, why did you choose that kind of attack in the battle with Chiang Hu?" Balza asked solemnly.Long Haochen replied without hesitation: “Because my strength is not as good as Jiang Hu’s big brother, I can only look for his flaws. You taught us that the greatest strength is in the position of the tip of the sword. The closer to the hilt, the strength The smaller, and then in his second attack, I observed that his waist was the center of gravity, so I put close to the front, so that his power can not be fully exerted, broken the center of gravity, he could not continue to attack.”Barzha was full of surprise in his eyes. "That is to say, all this is what you learned from observation?" He never taught these children to fight, because at their age, the most important thing is to lay the groundwork. Practice time. It is really shocking that he can calm down in the battle and accurately grasp the timing."Well, you go home, too." Barza waved his hand, and he vaguely felt that the child had a potential that no other teenager had."Instructor, I'm Peiyuanye this week..." A beautiful little face showed a bit of embarrassment. Long Haochen asked tentatively."Teacher goodbye." Long Hao morning went happily.Watching him back from behind, Barza's face can't help but smile. "This child is pure and willing to work hard, and it seems to have a fighting talent. It's a rare good seed!""Do you know why he can easily find the opponent's flaws?" At this time, a clear and pleasant voice rang around Barza. Because this voice came without warning, he suddenly frightened Barza.Do not know when, there has been a middle-aged more than Barza, looks like thirty-something, a plain simple robe, but he has a pair of star-like eyes. In the depths of his eyes, the light of sadness and memories was revealed, and even there was a bit of pain.