Chapter 65 Light Elemental Elves (I)Although Han Yu has some regrets in his heart, but fortunately he got the light elemental elves but Long Haochen.Lin Xinxuan smiled and said: "This is really good. After the head of the elven element of light, our overall strength will become stronger."The child, who had previously practiced on a cross-knee on the couch, had also come over. He had already told Chen Ying-er of McDull that he had already talked about the process just now.Long Haochen shook his head gently and said: "You know, why does the Elemental Elves choose me?"The people in excitement suddenly gave a glimpse of it, and some puzzled eyes cast him.Long Haochen smiled and said: "That's because I used the spiritual power to force the line to say to it, I swear to the God of Light Elemental that as long as it chooses me, I will still be free.""Ah?" Everyone suddenly froze, and all looked at Long Haochen.Long Haochen quietly walked aside and pushed open the windows of the barracks.The sun shines into the room and a light golden color is rendered on his handsome face, just like his golden heart.Long Haochen lifted the light elemental elves in his hands and said: "The Elemental Elves are the purest elements of heaven and earth, and Zhong Ling shows up. How can you force it? How dim your eyes look, and you lose the self-challenges. Yes, it may never be happy. It should return to the embrace of light and return to nature."Once again pity touched the long hair of the light element elf, Long Hao Chen whispered: "Go, then be careful, not to be caught again."As he spoke, he extended his handcuffs out of the window, letting the sun shine softly on this little element of light elves.Lin Xin and Sima Xian were stunned. Chen Yinger was puzzled. Wang Yuan expressed his admiration, and Han Yu sluggishly couldn't speak. Even Gao Yingjie is a look of doubt.Only picking children, hidden under the veil of the delicate waves played a gentle smile.Yes! He is so stupid, but it is because of this kindness that he is my fool.The Elemental Wizard of Light opened his wings and turned his head to look at Long Haochen. Then he suddenly turned and froze into the air.Soon, it was higher than the roof, and it was bathed in sunlight all over the body, giving it a touch of golden light in a faint white glow.Suspended in midair, it bowed its head, and a dim light stared into the barracks below. The pretty big eyes blinked slightly and seemed to think about something.The Holy Moon listened to Chien-Hui's report on the 19th. A faint smile appeared at the corner of his mouth."It seems that this little guy understands what I mean."Xia Xie is somewhat curious on the 19th: "Doesn't you think in advance that the Elemental Wizard will choose Long Haochen?"The Holy Month drew slightly and said: "This is natural. This is the best of both worlds. It represents our assassin's temple and sells them to these young children, and the spirit furnace gave it to Long Haochen.How do you say that I have done this as a ancestor, I also have to give my great-grandchild a little gift. The stronger he is, the better he can protect the children. ”Xia Hidden on the 19th: "This dragon's affinity for the light element was so strong? At that time, the elemental elves fled to him almost without hesitation. Other young people all looked at it, even one. None of the selection process."The Holy Moon smiled and said: "You don't need to ask more. Just go ahead.""Yes." With some doubt and curiosity, Xia Xie retired on the 19th.In the eyes of the Holy Moon, there is a hint of color. "It seems that this morning the child's affinity for the light element is stronger than I thought. Even the light elemental elves are not half-resistent to him. It's a bright child's constitution. The existence of a bright son, how can other people have a half chance? Ha ha.If you let Yang Shaohan know that the old guy, I must say that I raped it.However, they are cheap to assassinate the temple anyway. ”Where does the holy month know that Long Haochen can take away the Elemental Elves of light, not by virtue of his unsophisticated son, he did not even emit half-split elements. What he is relying on is his kind and compassionate heart.Long Haochen collected all the merits of the people in this mission and then looked at the total number. It was also because of the fact that he let go of the Elemental Elves and the depressed people were all in a good mood.In the mission of killing grain carriers, they killed a total of four green and two 8-eye magic eyes, and a large number of ordinary double-edged and devil-eyed warlocks. In total, nearly 300 points were awarded. This figure alone is far more than other teams. After all, the Mozu they face is stronger.In addition, there are seven hundred merits won by this reward and one thousand meritorious feats of bloodthirsty Beta. In one mission, they even got close to two thousand meritorious feats. In fact, everybody has three hundred and sixty merits. Because it is evenly distributed, everyone's feats go up and down. The team’s total merit score has also reached 2,520, which is, of course, the number of Han Yu’s figures.This is a pretty amazing number! They are just new hunters and they can get such great merit. It is definitely a different number. This chanting is not simply a matter of strength, but also has a lot to do with their luck.If this goes on, they will eventually have no problem in winning the first place in the team game. At that time, there is a large bonus reward.Divided into meritorious service, Long Haochen was like the light element elf had never been seen before, smiled and said: "Well, we work hard to practice it. Lin Xin, I would like to trouble you."Lin Xinxiao laughed, "I've got the best material for Bloodthirst Beta for the first time. There are just a few formulas that you can try. If you can succeed, it will be beneficial to us to act in the future. Leader, Exorcism Is there an auction house in Guancheng?"Gao Yingjie nodded and said: “Yes. Exorcism is about such an important city. There will naturally be a division on the Shengmeng auction site. What are you doing?”Lin Xin said: "Nature is to buy something and then sell something. There is more cherry. This big consumer, how to make money without ah"For Chen Yinger's secret image of the Baoshen pig, they did not conceal Gao Yingjie.Gao Yingjie smiled and said: "Well, then you rest. There will naturally be someone who tells you when there are tasks."Gao Yingjie left, everyone went to bed to practice. The more they face Mozu, the stronger their sense of urgency. Now they are insignificant compared to the powerful Mozu. Only by constantly improving one's strength can we accomplish more difficult tasks. This will make you stronger.Three months of trial missions have just begun. They have gradually entered the role. Although cooperation is still not a tacit understanding, it has finally come into formality. Everyone is a smart person. Running in is just a matter of time.Long Haochen pulled Cheriel back to their bed. "I've taken it. How are you feeling today? Is there anything uncomfortable?"Caier shook his head gently and leaned against Long Haochen’s shoulders, whispering: “I used to be used to it. You don’t have to worry about it. In fact, losing the sense of smell has an impact on me, but I can overcome it.”Long Haochen gave a light sigh and said: “Speak to count. Oh, I will not allow you to take risks before your sense of smell recovers. Although I haven’t practiced the reincarnation, you cannot see it now. Now Losing your sense of smell and being unable to bring information to yourself with your taste will surely have a great impact on your ability. Listen to me and stay here to rest. I promised to protect you forever."Caier laughed softly, "I heard you go away."Whenever she was alone with Long Haochen, all her chills would become soft, like a gentle kitten.At this moment, suddenly, Caier's ear moved slightly, and Long Haochen raised his head subconsciously. Because, the burning sensation in his inner body reappeared.The curtain on the bed cracked a small gap and a white figure crept in.Long Haochen pressed the picker's hand that he was about to lift up ('Okay, it's the Elemental Elves.')Yes, this suddenly appeared on their couch, but was it the light element elf?Maybe it's because of the sunshine. At this time it looks better than it used to be. It's no longer so sluggish. Staring at the dragon's morning, her little hands made an act of deterrence. Except that she was too young, it looked really no different from human beings.Feeling its closeness, Long Haochen smiled slightly, raised her right hand, and recruited her.The light element elves wings open and fall gently in the dragon's palm. The soft white light flashed on it, and the burning feeling in Long Hao's morning break suddenly became stronger."How did you come back? Is there anything uncomfortable that needs me to help?" As he said, Long Haochen's hands quietly rise from a few drops of pure light.The pale golden liquid rests in his palm, and when the element of light is fine, it opens his eyes and he does not hesitate to drink some pure liquid light elements with a small hand and drank quickly.Suddenly, her white body was immediately lifted by a golden glow, and her golden eyes were brightened. Originally looking at Long Haochen still hesitated for a moment filled with surprise colors."Hey, hey, hee hee..." Element of Light Elemental. A series of sounds that the dragons did not understand in the morning seemed to belong to the Elf language. Immediately afterwards, she just embraced Long Haochen's finger. Open his mouth and bite it hard.It looks very funny like that, like eating popsicles.