Chapter V Knight Mount (4)Feeling the most familiar atmosphere in Xingyu's body, Long Haochen cried and tears flowed uncontrollably. He suddenly released his mouth and stared at the bloody bites of Xingyu's upper arm and yelled: "Why? Why don't you kill me?""Because I'm your father."A simple sentence, but the long-morning morning grief and anger instant cure, the entire person also maintained the moment before the action, eyes staring straight Xingyu."You, what are you talking about?" The sluggishness in Long Haochen's eyes gradually became incredible.Long Xingyu gave a sigh and stepped forward, pulling him into his arms and clutching him tightly. “I said, I’m your father, you’ve never seen a dad. Xingyu is mine. The name, you and my surname, we both have names of dragons." Then, he shot a white light on his hand and solved the ban on the day.White Pei quickly rushed up and pulled Long Haochen into his arms from Long Xingyu's arms, glaring at him. "Are you crazy? You just scared me."Long Xingyu smiled and said: "I just want to try whether Chen can keep calm in the battle at any time. It seems that you are his biggest weakness.""Mother, he, he really is?" Long Haochen has already reacted at this time, all the negative emotions all turned into shock, staring at the mother with green eyes.White Day tenderly nodded. "I'm sorry, morning. Mom never told you that a year ago, your dad found us. He hopes that you can become a knight as powerful as him and let me conceal him with him. The news came back."Long Xingyu shook his head helplessly. "I didn't expect people to be counted as calculating or being discovered by him. I was afraid. After you knew that I was your father, I wouldn't have worked so hard. I was afraid of myself. Don't mind training you."Long Haochen looked at the daddy parents, father's word, in his life is really too strange. From the moment of memory, there are only mothers around him.The white man gently stroked his son's head, tears could not help but flow out. "I'm sorry, morning. Before my mother had never told you. Ten years ago, my mother encountered a particularly painful thing, I do not know How to face your dad, so a person came to this place and left here. At that time, I discovered that I already had you. Don't blame your dad, it's all bad for me. It took him nine years to find us. Mother and child. If you want to hate, just hate your mother."Long Xingyu's eyes came to their mother and son intricately, and said softly: "Oh, everything has passed. All the pain has gone away from us. Don't think about those painful memories, okay?"White's tearfully, softly-decorated dagger said: "I promised you a year ago. For you and for the early morning, I will break away from that bitter memory. Later in my life only You, these years, I had a lot of bitterness with me in the morning. Frankly speaking, I really do not want him to become a knight like you. I just want him to live in peace.”Long Xingyu's brow tightened and his eyes flashed a very complex look. He subconsciously clenched his fists, and his heart seemed to be struggling.Long Haochen also gradually woke up at this time to see the mother, and then look at his father, his eyes gradually revealing fiery emotions."No, Mom, I want to be a knight. Be a powerful knight."Long Xingyu gave a glimpse of the fact that he was hesitating for a moment and hesitated to do it right. He is very clear that whether it is for the day or for Long Haochen, it is obviously the best choice for the rest of his life.Long Xingyu smiled, "Are you willing to recognize me as an irresponsible father?""No, you are not irresponsible. It's all bad for me. It's bad for me." The tears that White Pei just stopped stopped flowing out again."Daddy." Breaking free from his mother's arms, Long Hao rushed into Long Xingyu's arms. At this moment, he only felt a huge amount of happiness.He is only a child, a ten-year-old child. Although he has never said to Bai Yin, but when he looked at the small partners in Odin and his father, how can he not admire it?At this moment, Dad came back, and the separation of so many years is not the reason for Dad. His father is even stronger than all his companions. He is a powerful knight. There is no contradiction in Long Haochen’s heart. All the anger before turned into joy.Hearing this call, Long Xingyu did not show much excitement. The whole person stood there and looked sluggish. Then he used his firm arm and slowly dragged his wife and son into his arms. Whether it was daytime or Long Haochen, he was not found. At this time, he still seems to be suppressing some kind of emotion.After a long day's rush and a great joy and grief after returning home, Long Haochen went to rest early, and this was the first time he had spent the night without a meditation for the first time in a year. He really fell asleep.Long Xingyu sat next to his son with bright eyes, "Hey."The white stork gently nodded and closed his eyes. "You don't have to. The morning morning, like you, is not destined to be in peace. You are born to do great things. Since he has chosen, I only I can only support him. I only have one request to keep him alive. Whatever you teach him, it must be based on his ability to protect himself."Well, I promise you." Long Xingyu gently nodded and stroked his long white hair.The next morning, Long Xingyu returned to the hilltop wooden hut with Baiji and Long Haochen. Identity has been exposed and there is no longer any need to cover up.The daytime went to tidy up the room of Long Haochen. Long Xingyu called his son before him."Early morning, although you already know the relationship between us, but you also made the choice to continue to practice with me. As such, my demand for you will only be stricter than before. You now have the final A chance to choose."Long Hao Chen did not hesitate to say: "Daddy, I understand, you are strict with me for the sake of me. This time I went to Haoyue City and I have a particularly noticeable feeling. Dad, are you more than Huiyao Cavaliers? High-level knights?"Long Xingyu blinked and hesitated for a moment."Wow, it's awesome." Long Haochen jumped excitedly. "Dad, I will definitely be a knight like you."Long Xingyu smiled and said: "How do you know that Dad is a great knight."Long Haochen stubbornly said: "It must be."Long Xingyu: "Well, Dad's great or not, you will know later. But if you want to be a great knight, you can't be slack off. Starting today, you don't need to go to the burrow again. The way of cultivation will change.""Don't have to go?" Although it has been going on for a year, there is still a lot of darkness in the dark world.Long Xingyu nodded and said: “In the past year, your cultivation was mainly exercise response to stimulate your own spiritual growth and improve the body. Every day you soaked in hot spring liquid is also the main effect. Now your body outside the spirit of The force has risen to more than a hundred. It is time to begin practicing spiritual power."“Internal spiritual power?” Long Haochen looked at his father in confusion. In the past year, Long Xingyu told him almost everything about history, knight skills, and various other knowledge. He did not talk about spiritual power. problem.