Chapter VI The Divine Awakening and the Son of Light (1)Long Xingyu: “The spiritual power is divided into external and internal. The external spiritual power means the change and elevation of your own body. Simply speaking, it is through physical exercise that gives you physical strength and flexibility. The synthesis has reached a certain level. However, there is a limit to just increasing the power of the body. This limit is the spiritual power of 200."“I told you that any career, from the second to the third, will be a watershed. The vast majority of people will not be able to break through the second and reach the third level in their lives. From our knight’s perspective, It is impossible to cultivate inner spiritual power. From the magician's point of view, it is impossible to guide the elements of heaven and earth for their own use."“Although your current spiritual power still has room for improvement, if you wait until the external spiritual power reaches nearly 200, then you will only be able to do more than half the effort. Before I allowed you to meditate for a year, it was within. The spiritual power prepares, and with the increase of inner spiritual power, the human's physical strength will increase. The evaluation of the total spiritual power of a truly strong person is based on the premise that the spiritual power and external spiritual power are not calculated under the premise of increasing the skill. Increased rating.""Give me the Stone of Awakening you brought back from the house of Haoyue." Long Xingyu reached out to Long Haochen.Long Haochen quickly handed the yellow stone to his father.Long Xingyu said: “In the next two years, I will teach you to practice inner spiritual power while practicing spiritual power to the top. Learn the mysteries of the spirit furnace. Before that, I will finish the knights for you. Solemn ceremonies, sacred awakening."Long Haochen listened carefully. He was awake from his dream early in the morning. At that time he secretly vowed that he would not let dad worry about things. He must practice harder than before, and live up to it. Dad's painstaking effort.Long Xingyu continued: "From a certain point of view, we knights belong to the Monk Shuangxiu. Wuji is the technique I teach you and the method of using the spiritual power, including the inner spiritual power, and our magical attributes. There is only one kind, that is the divine light property."“The stone of awakening that I brought back to you can change the nature of any person to be bright. The stronger the innate spiritual power and the closer to the light the body, the better the effect of awakening. But the knight’s divine light magic Different from the wizard's magic, the magician uses them through the appreciation of the magical elements, and we rely on our own spiritual power to motivate and excite the power of light, and our knight’s temple claims that this method of application is called belief. In fact, the more profound the knight learns the ten laws, the stronger will be the sacred light. Can you understand?"After thinking about it for a moment, Long Haochen said: “Daddy, does that mean that as long as our knights are striving to cultivate inner spiritual power, they can use the two different forms of martial arts and divine light magic?”After listening to his words, Long Xingyu suddenly shocked him. He never expected that Long Haochen would have realized such rapidity.“Yes, you can understand this way. The spiritual power of our knights is the source of martial arts and the source of magic. This is completely different from the warriors among the alternative demon warriors who cannot be a climate. Well, now I’m going to start You wake up and follow me out."While talking, Long Xingyu took Long Haochen out of the cabin and came to the top of the hill.With a simple wave of his left hand, a layer of Zhan Ranguang Jinguang spread out from Long Xingyu and blinked into a golden mask with a height of ten feet and shook his father and son.The rich and bright scent seemed to wash the soul of Long Haochen in an instant and bathed in this golden brilliance. He only felt that everything seemed to sublimate. The sacred atmosphere that Li Xin released when he used to ascend Tianzheng was compared with the golden mask released by Long Xingyu. It was almost like fireflies and moonlight.“This is a blessing of light, a defensive skill of the high ranks of the Cavaliers. In the early morning, close your eyes and keep your eyes on your eyes. Next, no matter what you feel, you must keep calm and quietly feel your changes. Bright understanding, understand?"Long Xingyu looked at the son in front of him and took a deep breath and slowly raised the awakening stone in his right hand. He did not tell Long Haochen that the pain that Long Haochen had to bear was much greater than the sacred awakening performed by ordinary knights. Since his spiritual power has not yet reached 110, his physical load can be imagined as compared to those who reach the pinnacle of knighthood to perform cavalier awakening. Of course, this will also maximize the development of the bright potential of Long Haochen.In accordance with the law of the Knights Templar, this early initiation of sacred awakening is strictly prohibited because of the fear of having a sequelae in the Cavaliers. If it fails, it may even be life-threatening.Of course, Long Xingyu is not betting on the life of Long Haochen. No one knows the mystery of the sacred awakening more clearly than he does. The rules of the knight's temple have no meaning in Long Xingyu. Long Haochen has a spiritual power far beyond ordinary people. At the same time, he has a pure, kind and unblemished heart. Plus he has reached most of the ten rules of the Cavaliers. He has precise control of Long Xingyu. It is inevitable, but Long Haochen will certainly suffer considerable pain.The bright golden light shines on Long Xingyu's hand, and the eye-catching brilliance surpasses the sun's rays in the sky almost instantly. However, this light did not leak out and was completely shielded by light protection. At this moment, the figure of Long Xingyu and his son can no longer be seen in the mask.Long Haochen suddenly felt that his body had become hot around him. At the same time, he also had a hot stream in his body. It was like he suddenly had more of a sun and a feeling of transparency. He instantly found that his body seemed to have numerous channels, and each channel was an extension of the sun's rays.He closed his eyes and saw the bright golden color, which is the golden color in his body. Severe pain also appeared at this moment.A layer of faint gray gas blew out from the dragon's morning pores, and the ripples disappeared in the golden glow. It was his body's impurities. It is also the purifying effect of the sacred awakening process.In the moment of purification, Long Haochen only felt that his body seemed to have been shot through thousands of arrows. At the same time, the burning sensation became more intense.The sacred awakening is not just a matter of letting the knights have the magical power of converting spiritual energy into divine light energy. It is also the process of washing the mind and body of the knight. It is precisely because of the knights who have undergone the process of sacred awakening that few betray their own beliefs.Long Haochen's body shook violently. If someone can see the situation in the light of the blessing, he will find that at this moment, Long Yuchen's body pores are evaporating from the body with the slightest blood. But it is also in this process, in his solemn position on the chest, a circle of golden light gradually appeared, and is becoming more and more intense.