Chapter VI The Holy Awakening and the Son of Light (2)"Stick up, for our faith, for everything in our hearts." Long Xingyu's voice clearly appears in Long Haochen's brain, so that his spirit, which has gradually become paralyzed in pain, suddenly revive.The stone of awakening in the hands of Long Xingyu melted quietly, and he continued to refine it in his hands, eventually turning into a drop of pure golden liquid, which fluttered to the position in the center of Long Haochen's chest. Compared with the awakening of ordinary knights, there is the purification of Long Xingyu, this drop of sacred liquid does not have half impurities, but Jinguang flashes, it did not enter the body of Long Haochen.噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , – 就 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , – 就 圣 , 就 就 就 就The impact of golden light on the blessing of light slowly returned to the top of Long Haochen's head, and then a little bit of the upward climb, soared.Long Xingyu's gaze was staring at the golden beam of light, which determined the future of Long Haochen’s future in the divine light field.During the sacred awakening, the knights will have their inner spiritual powers with divine light properties, and how much inner spiritual power that can arise in the awakening process is an important measure of a knight’s potential. In general, if the spiritual power in the first day cannot exceed ten, then the knight may never be able to break through the third-order.At the moment when the golden light of Long Haochen's head falls back to rise again, it has already surpassed the height of the spiritual power. Although his body is still trembling with pain, the speed at which this golden light has risen is extremely alarming.Ten, twenty, thirty, forty...When Lingli rushed past forty, Long Xingyu couldn't help but clenched his fists. The spiritual power in the first day was more than forty, and it was a rare genius in the Knights Templar. However, the golden light beam still does not mean half-half pause.Strong and innate spiritual power, Long Xingyu could not bear to sigh in the heart. Even if he had long felt the spiritual anomaly of Long Haochen's innate ability, it was impossible to make a true judgment before this sacred awakening. Only then can he really see how powerful the innate spiritual power of Long Haochen is.Fifty-five, fifty-eight, sixty. Even more than sixty.Long Xingyu still remembers very clearly that he was honored as the first genius of the Knights Templar in a hundred years. When he first performed the sacred awakening, the spiritual power in the first day was 77. Although Long Haochen had the basis of meditation under his guidance one year ago. However, the spiritual power in the first day exceeds 60, which already means too much. Moreover, the golden beam of light continues to climb.Sixty-five, sixty-seven, already sixty-seven.Long Xingyu's pupils shrank violently. In the first day of spiritual power, every ten points is a step. If Long Hao can exceed seventy spiritual powers in the first day, then his ability to use divine light magic will not be inferior to any pure light magician.At this moment, Long Xingyu can not help but hold his breath. And in the moment of Longli’s first day of spiritual power breaking 70, his own trembling stopped.It was a bang, and thousands and hundreds of golden lights burst from the dragon's morning. All the pain is gone at this moment. The dragon's morning clothes disappeared in these golden sprays.The white skin becomes transparent like a crystal at this time, and a faint flow of golden light turns his whole body into gold. The round golden halo in the middle of Long Haochen's chest gradually converged inwards, eventually becoming a golden ball of soy bean size.Long Haochen’s own feeling is even more strange. In the moment when the spiritual power exceeds 70 in the first day, he only feels that all the pain in his body disappears instantly. Instead, it is a kind of breathless feeling that connects heaven and earth.Everything became crystal clear, including his heart and his soul. The rich sacred ambience subtly improved his original body. Spiritual power continues to rise in the first days, and Long Haochen himself seems to have caught something, only belongs to the law of light.God! Eighty, his spiritual power exceeded his eighty in the first day.This time, Long Xingyu's body is shaking. Although the spiritual power within the first day does not represent a strong, but it represents the absolute potential!Eighth, eighty three, eighty fiveThe golden light is still climbing, with more than seventy spiritual powers in the first day. There have been seventeen records in the history of the Knights Templar. Of the seventeen people, except for the six people who fell midway, the remaining ones are all the most. Powerful God Knight.In the first day of spiritual power more than eighty, only three records, two of the three knights were degenerate, and only one person successfully developed. At the age of thirty-six, his successful breakthrough represented the threshold of the ninth profession, 100,000 spiritual power. Achievement God Seal.God! Ninety, is that really ninety? In the history of the Knights Templar, there was no unique spiritual power in the first 90 days.Long Xingyu's eyes have become bleak. The spirit of inner purity, different from ordinary people, coupled with the comprehension of the ten rules of the Cavaliers, allowed his spiritual power to reach such a terrifying level within the first day.The golden light beam seems to have reached a bottleneck, and the rate of upward climb has been significantly reduced. Just a trace of slow moving.The spiritual power of the first seven days was called the Angel of Light. The spiritual power of the first eighty days was called the divine blessing constitution, and the spiritual power was more than ninety days before. Although it did not appear in the Knights Templar, it was The ancestor who created the Knights Templar once left a record. Such a constitution is called the son of light. The owner's body has the purest bright constitution, and he is able to use any light attribute weapon innately, and is attributed to all light attributes. World of Warcraft is close.Finally, the golden beam could no longer climb upwards and stopped at the 97th position.Spiritual power in the first days, 97.All the golden light gradually faded, showing the appearance of the father and son."It's so comfortable!" The Ming Wu in his heart made Long Haochen wake up from that special bright atmosphere.Opening his eyes, Long Haochen was surprised to find that the opposite father was watching himself with a horrified look."Dad, what's wrong with you?" Long Haochen asked quickly.Long Xingyu shocked and recovered. He saw Long Haochen's eyes at a glance.Long Bichen's original blue and blue eyes have now turned into a strange pale gold. The pale golden eyelids are not owned by anyone, but Long Xingyu is also the first time she sees such a pale gold eye as Long Haochen."The son of light is actually the son of light! God bless me humanity, God bless me Knight Temple." Long Xingyu could not help but sound slightly trembling. As he spoke, he regained his blessing."Dad, what is the son of light? Ah, my clothes?" A mountain wind blew over, Long Hao Chen only felt cool in the stock room, and discovered that he was actually incomparable. Suddenly exclaimed.Long Xingyu only reacted and shook his right hand. He had already added his own long gown and shrouded in Long Haochen's body.After looking closely at his son, Long Xingyu discovered that Long Yuchen’s skin appeared to have a lighter golden luster than before, and it was only visible under the sun's rays. But the strange thing is that there is no other knight who will have a long-lived, bright atmosphere after the sacred awakening. Instead, he has all the restrained atmosphere and no spill. Only those eyes can see the specific place.