Chapter VI The Divine Awakening, the Son of Light (3)Regarding the mystery of the Son of Light, even if it was not more than ten people who really knew in the Knights Templar, Long Xingyu was not worried about his son's talent exposure."Ye-chen. Your sacred awakening has already been completed. You know, now you, the spiritual power inside and outside, have become equal to a real knight.""Ah? Is it so easy?" Long Haochen was greatly surprised. At this time he could feel it. There seemed to be a warm air flow in his body that would move with his own ideas."Easy?" Long Xingyu's face showed a trace of wry smile, his untruths in his heart. This kid is really full of men who do not know how to hungry. As a general knight awakens, there will be twenty spiritual powers within the first twenty days of the celebration of the light god."Your talent is very good, but this is only brought about by the sacred awakening. And your future cultivation will require great effort, and it will be possible to go upstairs again. Understand? We will go back and say.""Dad, I will definitely work hard."The White Pelican stood not far from watching this scene in silence, and saw Long Xingyu walking back to the hut with Long Haochen and her face wafting with a smile. She doesn't marry, but she understands her husband. The shock on the face before Long Xingyu saw her clearly. How strong is his husband, and he should be shocked by his son's talent. It seems that it is right to choose to embark on the Cavalier this morning. However, if one day, their father and son really have to face that person...Returning to the wooden hut, Long Hao first put on a rough cloth he had brought and then continued to listen to Long Xingyu's teachings.Long Xingyu replied: "Now tell me, your choice. Do you guard or discipline?"Long Haochen did not think and hesitate, and firmly said: "Daddy, I want to be a guardian knight.""Guardian Knight?" Long Xingyu blinked. "Are you willing to give up the disciplinary Knight's powerful attack and personal combat power?"Long Haochen insisted: "Dad, you said that you want to fight against the Mozu people is our all-human thing. The power of a person is ultimately small. If I can become a guardian knight, you can better protect The people I want to protect will also help more people survive the battlefield."Long Xingyu was obviously disappointed and sighed. "But, in the end, those who really can challenge the 72-column demons are the strongest humans who have the most powerful individual combat ability."Long Hao subconsciously asked: "The guardian knight can not challenge the devil yet?"When he heard this question, Suddenly, Long Xingyu's eyes light up. "Yeah! The first day of spiritual power is 97, and the sacred awakening children of light have enough spiritual support. Why not learn more? And guardianship is just a classification. Maybe you can also make a miracle. Shuangxiu may be the right choice to truly play the talent of the bright son."Long Haochen seemed to understand something and looked surprised: "Dad, do you mean, let me practice both the ability to punish the knights and destroy the knights and skills?""Yes, from now on, I will teach you the practice of discipline of the Knights. Two years later, you will begin to practice the guardian knight's esotericity at the Luyue House. Perhaps, this will slow down your spiritual power. However, As long as you can turn disciplinary and defensive dissolution into one, then the future will surely become an unprecedented powerful knight."Time passed day by day, the knight's inheritance continued on the top of this dingy Odin Mountain. In an instant, it has been a year and a half past.When -, in the cries of cries, a layer of golden light suddenly emerged from the juvenile. Immediately afterwards, a sun-like brilliance suddenly condenses into a light blade to break away.The bamboo sword shook lightly, but the golden light blade shattered before a small bamboo sword."Yes, your day is basically a mystery. The only difference is the heat and spiritual power."With the bamboo sword to block the eye-catching light blade, it is the dragon Xingyu, and show off the edge of the blade is naturally the dragon's morning.A year and a half later, Long Haochen was nearly twelve years old. Compared to when he was still living in Oding Town, he has now undergone a radical change.Only 12 years old, he is nearly one meter six tall, looks not strong, but the slender body has a perfect proportion, a black hair fluttering behind the head, crystal clear and transparent light golden twin can tell people. The original beautiful little face has been changing to handsome. But it is still perfect and amazing. The calm temperament matched his figure, and even if he said that he was 14 or 5 years old, he certainly believed.At this time Long Haochen's hands, each holding a heavy epee, the standard knight-style weapons, six feet long, eight inches wide, and the thickness has reached an astonishing four inches. The weight of this Cavalier Epee is more than fifty pounds, but in his hands it is as light as nothing.In a year and a half, Long Haochen learned too much from his father. His inner spiritual power was not much improved, but it was only increased from the inherent 97 to 120, but his external spiritual power has reached the peak of the third-order knight, a full 200.The sum of the two is as many as three hundred and twenty, which is already the level of the fourth-class knight. The three hundred and thirty spiritual powers of the five knights are almost the same.If it is not because Long Xingyu wants to lay the most solid foundation for him, I am afraid that his promotion will be even more terrifying.Even if it is based on the harshness of Long Xingyu, watching only eleven and a half years in front of him, the son of Xiu, who has already reached the fourth class knight, is also showing a satisfied smile. In the history of the Knights Templar, this is absolutely unprecedented. He only had such cultivation as his talent of the year, but also when he was fifteen.However, with the increase of spiritual power to the top, the speed of progress in the spiritual strength of Dragons also significantly reduced. After all, he is now only able to enhance his cultivation by raising inner spiritual power. Unless he can advance to the fourth-order knight's realm, it is possible to upgrade his spiritual power again.Long Haochen heard his father’s compliments and his face could not help but express a bright smile. “Dad, the power of this day is very great, but it can also consume me within fifty points of spiritual power, and even the external spiritual power must be Consumption. My spiritual power is still too low."Long Xingyu smiled and said: “You are only eleven years old. You know that this is the skill that should have been mastered by the Grand Knights. Cultivation cannot be rushed to progress, but it should be gradual. Well, be prepared to defend and see you today. How long can it persist?"Listen to his father to say this, Long Haochen immediately looked surprised. The hands of the sword did not consciously tighten.Long Xingyu moved, his body is like no half weight, just a flash, the hand of the bamboo sword was handed to Long Haochen.Left hand epee light pick, Long Haochen quickly step back, while swinging open the sword attack. Obviously, there is no spiritual power on Long Xingyu's bamboo sword.However, in the next moment, countless bamboo shadows have appeared just like the mercury in the dragon's morning.Long Xingyu has disappeared, and only the endless bamboo shadows have been stabbed to Long Haochen from various angles in all directions. And Long Haochen seems to be accustomed to such situations. In the hands of a double sword flying around, the speed is actually not slow at all. The buzzing sounds like raining bananas