Chapter 6 The Divine Awakening, the Son of Light (4)Long Haochen used swords, swords and ridges and even hilts, where all the handfuls of the epee can use to resist the attack of the bamboo sword. For a time, the sword flickered and covered his entire body, like a huge ball of light. There is a constant sacred light energy that blooms out with his double sword for defense.Long Xingyu this kind of attack, as long as Long Haochen exposed a half flaw, the bamboo sword will immediately fall on him, than the original ant attack did not know how many tyrants. But the strange thing is that Long Haochen was so blocked off. Although he looked serious, but at the moment, Long Xingyu, who did not seem to use spiritual power, could not have broken his defense.Sufficiently for a quarter of an hour, Suddenly, Long Xingyu's bamboo sword shined brightly, a moment of white light swelled, and one thousand swords became one, pointing to Long Haochen.Long Haochen's double sword is still waving. He is far from the point where Long Xingyu sends and receives his heart, but this is obviously not the first time he has encountered.The left-handed epee hilt that is waving is on the right hand epee. The right-hand epee suddenly stands in front of the chest. At the same time, the left-handed sword swings away. The golden light flashes and a spurt hits the bamboo sword. .With a bang, the swift swing of the epee, the thorny trajectory of the bamboo sword did not change in the slightest, and with the help of the momentary block, Long Haochen was a firm footer.When the cries of cry, a layer of golden halo suddenly rippling in the morning dragon, it is God defended. The spiritual power used by Lung Sung-woo's thorn must also be defended against God's resistance."Very good. This time it is good. It can be static and dynamic. Every day's actual combat is not in vain." Bamboo Sword took back and Long Xingyu smiled and nodded to Long Long in the morning. And Long Haochen was breathless, and the clothes on her body had been saturated with sweat. Even if his father does not use any spiritual attacks, he can feel great pressure.Long Xingyu went to Long Haochen's side and looked at his son's shoulders. He smiled and said: "Go back and take a rest. Your mother is expecting to have lunch soon.""Okay." Long Haochen's face is full of smiles.Although this year and a half, he is practicing hard every day, but this is the happiest one and a half he has ever lived. Every day my mother's face is filled with smiles, and a strong father points herself. In this life he not only does not feel boring but is full of happiness.Before the two fathers and sons were about to enter the wooden house, suddenly, Long Xingyu footsteps, showing a fierce glow in his eyes.Long Haochen also felt a change in his father's breath. The terrible coercion that was like an ancient dragon made him feel breathless.Long Xingyu released his hand and grabbed Long Haochen slowly, turning his toes gently on the ground. The next moment, Long Haochen looked stunned and saw that from his father, he spewed out a strong golden glow and pushed forward. His body actually flew into the air.Although he followed his father's cultivation for more than two years, but Long Haochen did not know how true his father's strength reached. At this moment, seeing his father even soaring through the air with his spiritual power, it was really shocking to him. too big.At the same time, two Golden Lights emerged from the eyes of Long Xingyu and looked in the direction of Oding Town.Did not wait for Long Haochen to react from the shock, the next moment, Long Xingyu has been floating down, eyes have been a cold. "Mozu has an invasion of invasion forces and we go."As he spoke, he grabbed Long Haochen's arm and once again he went into the air.A pair of huge golden wings that had been completely condensed by the spiritual power began to unfold behind Long Xingyu in the next moment.Spiritualization Wing is a sign of the sixth-order shimmering knight. With the wings behind Long Xingyu, they all have a width of ten meters. The golden feathers on the top of each piece are all present, like real objects, and it is as simple as a normal spiritual wing.The huge wings spread out and a group of golden lights shrouded him. The two wings suddenly flew, and the father and son immediately went like a golden meteor toward Odin.What Long Haochen couldn't see was that just as Long Xingyu began his wings, all Odingshan and nearby forests, whether it was Warcraft or wild beasts, all fell to the ground, and they were afraid to move in panic and desperation.In front of a golden world, covered with rich sacred energy, Long Haochen only felt that the spiritual power inside the body was like boiling. In a short time, his inner spiritual power at least doubled. Of course, this is only temporary because of the temporary increase in energy around the same property. However, it also shows how powerful the sacred energy released by Long Xingyu has become.It seems that just a few seconds have passed and the golden light suddenly spread out. Long Hao could see the outside situation again.Odin town has actually returned to Odin town. Is this a few blinks?Long Haochen can't believe his own eyes, but the truth is in front of her eyes. Is it Odin Town where he lived in his childhood?The town of Odin at this time has completely lost its original tranquility and calm. There was a lot of fire, cries, screams, and rumbling destruction filled every corner of Odin.Long Haochen saw at least a thousand monsters wearing black armour, strong and tall. It is they who wreak havoc in the town of Odin.The height of these monsters is at least one meter eight or more, and the wolf head. In the hands of the machete, Odin’s townspeople are screaming at their slaughter. And their disgusting wolf squeaks continue to ring.There are more than 3,000 households in the town of Odin, living in nearly 20,000 people, but at this moment, it has become a bloody corpse, the thick bloody smell constantly rising from below, it is nauseating."Daddy, what are they?" Long Yinchen's voice shook with anger. This is where he grew up since childhood! He saw with his own eyes that he had just been cut into two sections under the scimitars of the Wolf Head. The first half of the body was still painfully and fiercely moaning on the ground. The internal organs were scattered on the ground."Mozu's magical werewolves." Long Xingyu's voice is like nine secluded ice, and powerful coercion is also coming out of him at this moment.The underworld’s wolfwomen felt the terrible coercion from the air, and all subconsciously looked up into the air. Seeing the huge wings of Long Xingyu, they could not help but exaggerate their eyes."Daddy, let me go, I want to kill them." Long Haochen shouted excitedly."Your strength is far from enough." Long Xingyu replied: "Well, you didn't always want to look at Daddy's strength? Then, you are optimistic."A golden ring of red glows from the back of Long Xingyu, and the giant golden-gold throne sparkles with a magnificent glow that slowly emerges from the halo.