Chapter VII The End of the Day and the Throne of the Killing of India (top)The huge throne is as high as ten feet. There are countless precious stones embedded in the high backrest. It can be seen vaguely. There is a person on the backrest like a floating map. The sharp, majestic, and even terribly oppressive forces spread from it. And out.At the top of the backrest, a semicircle of bright red gemstones looks like a half-round sun overlooking the earth. But its radiance was slightly dark orange, exuding the terrible threat of the end of the day.In the position of the portrait of the chest, and also above the seat of the throne, the most striking is a golden red diamond. Each ridge above is so sharp. This is where the great part of the light shines.On the wide seats, the left and right deputies are two lion-like sculptures and roaring there. Numerous magnificent patterns are like flowing from the back of the chair to the throne.When this throne appeared, a golden beam of light descended on Long Xingyu, completely covering him and Long Haochen. As Jinguang expanded, Long Haochen disappeared. Long Xingyu’s body was magnified several times and he sat down slowly before the throne.In the town of Odin, both the raging wolf and the aborigines were unable to move under this tremendous pressure. The eyes of the townspeople were terrified, and the eyes of the wolverine were full of despair.A magical werewolf with golden hair and more robust than the others of his kind almost shuddered and shouted: "This is the throne of the god of the Last Days and the Slayer."The huge dragon Xingyu slowly sat on the majestic throne. The cold eyes were full of endless majesty. When he sat down for a moment, the original gold and red diamonds on the backrest even appeared on his chest. The entire sky became golden red at this instant.The cold words spit out from Long Xingyu's mouth. The brilliance of orange glowed from behind him, turning into a giant orange-red lightsaber suspended above his head.It is full of hopelessness in the eyes of the blonde magical werewolf. He could not imagine how he would have such a great power in the frontier of the Temple Alliance. For them, these arewolf people, even if it is impossible to escape.Thousands of orange-red rays descend from the sky. They are like long eyes and fall on one by one.Even if it is even the minimum struggle can not be made, one by one the magical werewolf quietly disappeared in this world, a trace of trace did not stay, it is so simple and direct disappear.The red light of the golden light turns into a canopy, and it spills into the world at the moment when the wolverine disappears. People in Odin began to restore their ability to act. As long as there are people who breathe, they all slowly stand up in the warm red light and their injuries are healed with the naked eye. The flames of the places where the fire started have also been extinguished. The only thing that cannot be changed is the houses that have already been destroyed and destroyed.The golden light flashed, and there was already one more person in front of Long Xingyu who was sitting on the throne. It was the former blond magic worgen.Human ratings for Mozu are the same as for Warcraft. This blond magical werewolf is at least a fifth-class demon. However, in front of Long Xingyu, it is like a humble ant ant that is generally not likely to struggle. With the exception of him, all invading demons have disappeared."What is your purpose for the invasion of the southern part of the Temple Alliance?" Long Xingyu's cold voice is full of doubt.The blond magical werewolf was also hard-pressed. Despite his eyes full of despair and unwillingness, he did not give in."The Throne of the Last Days and the God of Killings are the throne of you. You and you are the judgement of the Knights Templar and the judgment of the God of Seals and Dragons?"Long Xingyu said in a subtle way: "Yes, I am in charge of judgments and trials and answer my questions."The eyes of the blonde wolf were suddenly picking up. "Even if you are a god-printing knight, the devil will come down to earth, and the devil will revenge for me. Even if it is dead, I will not tell you anything."Long Xingyu stared at his gaze. "Then you will die."The gold annihilation, the blond magic wolf people are instantly disappearing. Lone Star Yu Duan sat on the throne of the last day and killed the god of India, and his eyes revealed a thoughtful look. After a moment, under the golden light, he disappeared with his miraculous king and vanished into a golden meteor.The townspeople who were still alive in the town of Odin had already collapsed and thought about the golden light that was gradually disappearing in the sky. They do not know who Long Xingyu is. In their eyes, that judged all the strong golden wolf of the werewolf, the real gods.Golden light flashed, there are already two more people on top of Oding Mountain.Long Xingyu still looks like the original, simple robes and black hair fluttering. When all the golden colors disappeared, he regained the appearance of an ordinary person.Long Haochen stood beside his father. At this time, he was unable to speak a single word. Even if he had guessed his father's strength hundreds of times, he could not imagine that his father was actually like a god.The scene that was just shocking him was too big. After more than two years of cultivation, Long Haochen had some confidence in himself, but at this moment, he realized that he was like a dusty little person compared with his father."Dad, Dad..." Looking at his father, Long Haochen's eyes were full of bright brilliance, worship, and even the eyes of his faith released from his pair of pale golden eyes.Long Xingyu patted his shoulder gently. "Here, I'm just a husband and a father.""Mozu invasion?" White is also at the top of the mountain at this time. Even if there is a section from Odin town, she can clearly see the scene before Long Xingyu released the throne in the sky. Even Haoyue City, which is hundreds of miles away, can see the golden glow.Long Xingyu frowned and nodded. "Only a tentative attack. There are no real Mozu strong players. It seems that I must return to the league in advance."White Pei gently nodded and held Long Xingyu's big hand.Long Haochen's heart did not disappear at this time. "Daddy, you, are you the Knights of God?" he asked with courage.Long Xingyu nodded. "You should have heard the words of the werewolves. In the Temple of the Knights, I was in charge of judgments and judgments. I was also in charge of criminal responsibility in the Temple Alliance."Long Haochen looked at the road of worship: "Dad, what is the throne of God? Is it possible that I, I might be as strong as you?"Long Xingyu nodded and said: "Of course it is possible. I was born in the age of forty-seven years, knowing your mother before the king of India. As long as you are willing to work hard, I believe that you will be earlier than me. Reach this step."