Chapter VII The End of the Day and the Throne of the Killing God (II)Looking into the distance, Long Xingyu sighed and said, "It seems that the Mozu will have to live with loneliness again. In the early morning, you remember that the Mozu is strong, but we can never give in. As a knight, we Fight for your own homeland until you have the last drop of blood.""Yeah." Long Haochen nodded forcefully. At this time, in his heart, his father was not just a teacher, he could even be said to be his belief in worship. Without personal experience, it is impossible to imagine the mighty power of the throne of India. The vast spiritual power of the vast sea was fluctuating, and the light of judgment that destroyed heaven and earth had left indelible traces in his heart."Daddy, are we leaving here?" Long Haochen asked.Long Xingyu looked down at him and said: "We don't include you here.""Ah?" Long Haochen was taken aback and looked at his father.Long Xingyu said indifferently, “The protection of a young eagle from its parents’ wings can never be the king of the air that has soared for nine days. Originally I expected to guide you for three years, but now it seems that it will end prematurely. I want to bring Your mother returned to the Temple Alliance to deal with some things, and then there is still an agreement to complete.""The Temple Alliance is not for you. If you go there with me, then you probably will never become a knight like me. Only you go step by step and get it through your own efforts." Everything, you can truly have the knight's glory.""Daddy, I don't want to be separated from you and my mother." Long Hao hugged his father's waist, eyes full of sadness.The White Pelican looked at Long Xingyu, and his eyes were filled with the color of entreaty.Long Xingyu touched Long Haochen’s head. “Hello boy, if you are always with me and your mother, then you will always have reliance and mourning on your mind. And even if you return to the Temple Alliance with us, It's also impossible to follow me. I've been away for a few years and there are too many things waiting for me to deal with. I've decided on this. You must stay."Long Haochen's body stunned and resisted the flow of tears. The white stork has already cried and ran back to the hut.Long Xingyu pulled Long Haochen into front of himself and murmured: "In the early morning, before leaving, Dad will teach you something last."Long Haochen had some lost feelings: "What is it?"Long Xingyu replied: "The spirit furnace.""Ling furnace?" Heard these two words, Long Haochen can not help but startled. He followed his father's practice for two and a half years and listened to Long Xingyu more than once to talk about the spirit furnace. However, Long Xingyu has never directed him to cultivate the ability of the spirit stove.Long Xingyu said: "The furnace of spirits is the melting pot of spiritual power. It is not our ability to cultivate. It is a treasure of nature's magic. As a knight, we have a variety of knight skills. The choice, however, except for some self-inspired skills developed by oneself, most of the skills are cultivated to be able to cultivate, but the spirit furnace is different. Almost every kind of spirit furnace has its unique Even if it is the same spirit furnace, different people will have different results.”"There are many kinds of spirit stoves. There are altogether 74 kinds of known spiritual furnaces. They are suitable for different professions, of which there are 23 for our knight profession. Some of us are able to share with assassins and fighters." of."Long Haochen was gradually attracted by the spirit stove that Long Xingyu said. "Daddy, where can we get the spirit stove?"Long Xingyu said: “Generally speaking, the spirit furnace can only be found in the heavens and earth reunions or in some ancient relics. There are no one in any profession and there is a spiritual furnace. It also includes us knights. However, the spirit furnace It is the goal of all professional pursuits, because even having a spiritual stove will make us stronger than the same class."While talking, Long Xingyu picked a black ring from his hand and placed it on Long Forehand's right index finger. Like the Forget-me-not ring, this black ring is self-contracted and fits with the dragon's morning fingers."There are six seals in this seal, and I have sealed all the powerful skills of the disciplinary knight, covering almost everything from the fourth to the nineth order. When you reach the spiritual power, you can use the spiritual power to break through. Inside the seal, learn these skills one by one."Then he took out a book and handed it to Long Haochen. “This is my own understanding of the spirit furnace and the detailed introduction to the spirit furnace. I have no time to point you out. You have to realize it yourself. Do you understand?”"Dad ..." Long Hao Chen shouted, his eyes were out of control and red."Bring it to your Forget-me-nots ring."Long Haochen nodded his head gently. After he had internal spiritual power, Long Xingyu taught him how to inspire the ring that the deaf woman left him.Spiritual power injection, do not forget me the golden light pattern on the ring as if to live in general, a touch of blue light flow, light flash, that book records the mystery of the soul furnace has been included in it.This Forget-me-nots ring is an extremely precious space ring that can store approximately ten cubic meters of various items. At the same time, the ring also comes with a defensive skill, once excited, it can release a pale blue shield. As long as spiritual power continues to infuse, this shield will always exist. And strength can also be increased based on different spiritual forces. Long Xingyu said that this is a very rare magic jewelry.Looking at Long Yuchen’s book, Long Xingyu sighed and said, “Yeah, my dad has a lot of good equipment. However, I don’t intend to leave them to you. Because, any weaponry, Only by relying on one's own efforts can we truly understand how to cherish it.""Daddy, I don't want to be separated from you." Long Haochen's tears finally stopped.Long Xingyu slammed his son into his arms and sighed: "In the morning, heavy feelings are your strengths and your shortcomings. Remember, no father or mother was around. Afterwards, you have to say three points for everyone. Don't throw it all out.""Don't cry. It's just a momentary departure. Daddy hopes that by the time you see you again, you'll already be able to make me look.""Daddy and mother are leaving. Although I can't leave any equipment for you, there is a gift that has been prepared for a long time."As he said, Long Xingyu released his son, and his right hand patted his chest. Immediately thereafter, a strange white light was released from his chest.The white light is gentle, but it follows a special kind of energy fluctuations, but it gives people a sense of calm.That is not the energy of divine light, nor is it the spiritual power of Long Xingyu. When Long Xingyu slowly opened his palms, Long Haochen was shocked to see that there was a white light in his father's palm. A small tripod with a three-legged and two-eared height only appears in Long Xingyu's palm.Those white rays, which emerged from the white dings, softened and throbbed, and had a fascinating appeal.