Chapter 8 Holy Spirits (1)Although they were immediately around the corner, they couldn't help but be attracted when Long Haochen saw the small white iron."Daddy, what is this?"Long Xingyu said: “This is a gift from Daddy, Daddy. There are many types of spirit stoves. Each has its own characteristics. The spirit stove itself is also graded. But the more powerful spirit stoves are used. The price of the Holy Spirit is about 68. Among the seventy-four spiritual furnaces known, the Holy Spirit is about 68. But its rarity is enough to match the top 10 spirits. ratio."“The role of the Holy Spirit in the book I gave you is detailed in the book. Simply put, this Holy Spirit in itself has no ability to attack and defend, and it can not greatly increase your spiritual power. However, It's evolvable at least three times, and it's enough to compare with the top 20 spirit stoves, and it has a great effect on our knights. Keep the enemy's attention so that the enemy will only attack you and not attack your partner. Unless you are killed or if you interrupt the Holy Spirit yourself, it will only target you.""Perhaps, you can't understand the mystery of it now. But you will surely understand how great its role will be. At the same time, the greatest benefit of the Holy Spirit is that it is itself the rarest non-physical furnace. Not only It will have a load on your body during use, and at the same time, it will consume relatively little spiritual energy, and it will not affect your subsequent absorption of other spirit furnaces. Therefore, Dad will choose it as your first soul furnace. I hope you You can love this gift. As for what other capabilities it can evolve in the future, Dad doesn't know. It's up to you to explore.""Also, you have to keep in mind that the spirit furnace is not a panacea. The more powerful spirit furnace is not suitable for you. The top ten spirit furnaces have to pay a huge price to display. Some of the price is even too difficult for us to bear." The number of furnaces is not as good as possible, and it is necessary to have a detailed judgment before deciding whether to integrate the new furnace."Long Xingyu's voice is very harsh, and every word he says is a summary of many years of experience."Daddy, how many spiritual stoves can each one integrate?" Long Haochen asked.Long Xingyu shook his head and said, "I don't know. Theoretically, there is no limit to the number. However, there is a tendency for conflict between the spirit furnace and the spirit furnace. Once this happens, then for the fused person, it is a nine-death life. There are five kinds of fusion furnaces that are known to have the most, and I have integrated three types, but it's not that the more fusion furnaces, the better.The furnace is a need to evolve through continuous efforts, a furnace that has evolved several times, The power even exceeds the number of unconnected spiritual furnaces. Well, the most important father has already given an account. In the morning, don't forget what your mother said, and at any time, take your own safety as your priority. ."While talking, Long Xingyu left-handedly made a point in the chest at Long Haochen's chest, and suddenly, his body was enveloped in a layer of golden brilliance and could not move.Between the blinking of the left hand of Long Xingyu, he has successively made four points at the chest of Long Haochen, and four white lights appear there. Long Haochen only felt that his body seemed to have been run through. The inner spiritual power was instantly triggered and circled around his father's place.Pulled Long Yuchen's right hand, a little Jinman carefully cut his fingertips to squeeze a drop of blood. The red blood wafts up in the spiritual power of Long Xingyu, and falls lightly in the Holy Spirit.Suddenly, the small white furnace that had originally released a soft light burst out with a dazzling brilliance. A white light quickly released from it and landed on Long Xichen's chest.The warm feeling stimulated all the pores of Dragon's morning to open in an instant, and the inner spiritual power that the body was circling was also instantly spread to the surroundings, just like an intruder would enter his body.The white light flickered, and the tiny white tripod slammed into the dragon's chest at the traction of the white light, seeping it inwards a little.The original warm moment became hot, like a branded iron on his chest. Long Haochen can't help but scream. Suddenly the white stork rushed into the cabin and ran out again.Fortunately, the burning didn't last long enough. After several breaths, the white little spirit stove had disappeared into his body and disappeared.A faint white light rippling in the dragon's morning, making his skin surface gradually emerged a layer of luster.Long Haochen only felt that the innumerable hot energy spread from his chest and spread to every corner of the body, including his brain. Numerous mysterious philosophies are also accompanied by this rush of energy into the mind.All senses were instantly closed, and Long Haochen was so stiff on the top of the mountain that she wore a looming white light. Especially at the chest, with the shimmering light, there will continue to be a mark of a small soul furnace.This is the process of the fusion of the Holy Spirit Stove and the Long Haochen. It uses the blood as the spiritual power as a medium, and the magical spirit furnace made of the essence of this world has completely become a part of his body. The most basic requirement for fusion furnaces is the 200 spiritual powers at the starting point of the third-level career. The dragon's morning is obviously long overdue.Long Xingyu stood there and silently looked at his son, and his eyes gradually revealed something of awe.White Pei walked silently to Long Xingyu and took hold of his big hand. The tears couldn't help flowing out again. "Isn't it going to take the morning with me? I don't trust him. From childhood to age, he still Never left me."Long Xingyu took his wife into his arms. “Rest assured, the arrangements I gave him are the most secure. If he does not leave you and me, he will never grow into a real man. Between us and the Mozu. The confrontation is becoming more and more difficult, and our son has such excellent talent that the future will become the mainstay of the Temple Alliance. If you really love him, let him spread his wings and let him fly in the sky.""That agreement, can you not go?" She is very clear that this is one of the real reasons why her husband left his son.In the eyes of Long Xingyu, a decisive light of God appeared. “This battle between Ananda and I was unavoidable. I have waited too long to wait for this day. If we can make him fall, it is the gospel of mankind. Rest assured. For you and your son, I will work hard to come back alive."Thousands of miles of clear skies, the mountain breeze blew, giving Oding Mountains a certain amount of dryness.Long Haochen slowly opened his eyes and when he saw the three cabins that seemed to be deserted in front of him, no matter how warm the body was, his heart was frozen in a cold moment."Dad and mother." Long Haochen yelled and rushed into the central wooden house. It was the room where the parents lived.The simple furnishings are still there, but there is no shadow. A suffocating loss and thoughts were almost instantaneously filled with dragons and mourning hearts.When he broke down, he fell to the ground and his tears flowed out like a fountain. Even if he was just separated from them, he felt as if he had been surrounded by loneliness.