Chapter 8 Holy Spirit (II)"Dad, even if you take me with you, I will not work hard!" Sobbling, Long Haochen bent down painfully, his hands slammed on the ground, excited emotions can not be a long time.After a full meal, Long Haochen got up from the ground. His character is actually very strong, but the most important thing in his mind is the mood. In the absence of any aura, the sudden departure of the father and mother made it difficult for him to accept.Standing up, Long Haochen's eyes were a little uproar. In the past two or more years, all of his father's harshness and his mother's tenderness have constantly surfaced in his mind.“Why the days of happiness and happiness are always so short.” Tears almost fell down again, and at this time, Long Haochen saw two letters lying on the wooden table not far in front of him.In three or two steps, grab the letter and put it into your hands.In the covers of the two letters, the morning and the morning of the morning were transferred. Obviously, one letter was given to him, and the other was for the owner of the temple.Long Haochen calmed down a bit before slowly opening the letter his parents left."Well, morning, when you saw this letter, my mother and I have already gone. We are not willing to face the pain of parting. The parting is only temporary, you have grown up, you are a man, and you have to be strong. What you can rely on in the future is your own strength."“After seeing this letter, you will go directly to Haoyue City and learn the skills of the guardian knights at the Temple of the Moon. There is an excellent instructor there. Remember, if not necessary, don’t expose yourself to the discipline of the Knights. This is the point I will give to Nalandan. He will also be jealous of him. Nalan Yi is trustworthy. You can listen to him. At the same time, you must learn all guardian knight skills below the fourth level and be able to use it skillfully. After that, you can go to the holy mountain to get your own mount.""Sacred Mountain Spirit, if you can not stimulate your own talent and future ability to move out, you will not be able to get your mount partner, at the same time, the ability to learn to protect the knight can also greatly enhance your ability to survive. Remember, remember. ”“The spirit furnace will continue to cultivate. After having the spirit furnace, it will become a medium for you to cultivate inner spiritual power, thereby enhancing your cultivation. Now that you have incorporated the Holy Spirit, your inner spiritual power may be It is a reduction of its integration and there is no need to worry about it, this is the process of the fusion of your inner spiritual power and the spirit furnace.As long as half a month and as many as one month, it can be restored.The Holy Spirit Stove is especially suitable for guarding knights. , you will have more experience later."“Yeah, daddy and mother are also reluctant to you. However, Dad hopes that when we meet next time, you already have the ability to be alone. If my mother and I don’t come to you, it means that we have an important part Unless you are able to achieve the Seventh Order Templars and have Miriam base trenches through assessments and competitions, don’t come to us.”The letter stopped here and Long Haochen looked at the stationery in a sluggish manner. The sadness in his heart had reached its peak.Suddenly, he turned and rushed to the door outside the house, shouting loudly toward the distance: "Dad - Dad - Mom - Mom -."Long Haochen did not leave Oding directly. He stayed here again for three days until there was no longer a taste left by his parents in the hut. This reluctantly settled down and went down.As he passed Odin Town, he saw reconstruction work in the town. At least 2,000 elite members of the Temple Alliance were stationed near the town of Odin.When he arrived at Haoyue City, it was noon. It seemed that there was no change in Haoyue City. At the moment of entering the city gate, Long Haochen secretly vowed to do his utmost to reach the seventh knight as soon as possible.The city of Haoyue does not seem to have created tension due to the attacks of the Mozu. Long Haochen once again came to the Temple of the Knights in his own memory."Trouble you, I want to see the Lord of Narendra." Long Haochen handed in his qualifier badge.The two guards at the entrance had long since changed their positions. Although he did not know him, he obviously had only a few teenagers and he had a quasi-knight badge. He dared not neglect and rushed in to complain.A moment's work, accompanied by a faint scent of incense, a shadow has been rushed out from the temple of Haoyue."You're finally here, younger brother."It was Li Xin who rushed out of the hall. She is still dressed up as she did in the past. She has a soft armor and a horsetail. She is full of English gas. A year and a half did not leave any traces on her body, but she was even more prosperous. It was clear that there was no small improvement in cultivation.“Xin Er’s sister.” When she saw her, Long Haochen suddenly had a feeling of seeing his loved ones, and depressed the emotions of a few days and broke out again. In the eyes of the two guards stunned, directly into the arms of Li Xin.Li Xin gave him a big hug, feeling the sadness of Long Haochen’s emotions. She quickly asked, “What happened? What happened?”Long Haochen sobbed: "Daddy, mother, they are all gone. It's only me."Li Xin was shocked. "You mean that the Mozu attack..."Long Haochen suddenly heard her misunderstand, and quickly explained: "No, my father and mother went to other places, let me stay in the temple and continue to practice."Li Xin patted tall towering breasts. “I was shocked. It was just they were out the door! What's the matter? I'll have to spend time with my parents. After that, I’ll be your home in the next month. Whoever dares to bully You name your sister. Go, let's go ahead and say it."While talking, Li Xin took Long Yichen's hand and strode into the hall of Haoyue.Two guards at the entrance looked at each other with a shocked look."Who is this juvenile? How does our Rose Cavalier feel so affectionate with him?""The little voice, Miss Xiner's gossip, you dare to ask? If you can look so handsome as that little guy, maybe Miss Xiner will also look at you for another look."Li Xin took Long Haochen into the temple of Haoyue. Everything here is still there. However, when Long Haochen once again saw the six kings of India in the center of the hall, he felt completely different.Proud moment dimmed sadness, and he found the second throne on the left, symbolizing the throne of the end of day and killing. That is Dad's glory!One day, I must also become the owner of one of the six god seals. Long Haochen's eyes revealed a bit of fiery look.Li Xin felt that his footsteps had slowed down. Fortunately, he stopped and said: "My brother, this time in just over a year, you have grown so much! After two years, I'm afraid I will have to surpass my sister. Well, it's even more handsome. It's incredible. When you grow up, you don't know how many girls will be disoriented by your fans."Li Xin tall figure, although Long Hao Chen grew a lot, but it is still shorter than her half head. However, when she looked at Long Haochen, she couldn't help but secretly marvel at her. Her heartbeat even showed signs of acceleration.