Chapter 8 Holy Spirit (III)The 12-year-old Long Haochen is not the same as she was a year and a half ago. The small, delicate face is now a little more rigid. Make beautiful into a handsome, well-balanced figure, coupled with his black hair and shoulder length, almost perfect can not find any flaws.Li Xin, what happened to you? He is your brother, who is eight years younger than you! Don't you think old cows don't get young? The one in her heart censored himself, and her emotions stabilized. However, Long Yuchen added a bit of love. The youngest child she had in her family had always been eager to have a younger brother. Although she had not been with Long Haochen for a long time, in the heart of Li Xin, she was unusually close to the younger brother."Oh, younger brother, I remember your eyes weren't that color before! It should be azure blue. How did it turn into pale gold?"Long Haochen regained his grief and scratched his head, saying, "Dad helped me to become a sacred awakening and it became like this."Li Xin stunned. "The sacred awakening will cause the eyes to change color. I have never heard of it. Ah! You have already undergone the sacred awakening. That is to say, haven’t you had spiritual powers that have broken through 200? Tell my sister soon, What is your inner spiritual power?"Long Haochen shook his head and said: "Sister, I don't want to lie to you. Dad won't let me say it."Suddenly, Li Xin seemed to think of something like a hand covering his mouth, muttering whispered: "God! Less than twelve-year-old third-order knight. Go, I'll take you to see Uncle Lan, he will certainly be scared by you."“What would have scared me?” hummed with a few joking words. Long Haochen and Li Xin looked back and saw Nalan Yi walking down the stairs.When he saw Long Haochen, Narendra was taken aback, but his eyes instantly became eager. He quickly came to Long Haochen and looked at him up and down, unable to suppress emotions. That day is not your teacher..."Long Haochen had a slight glimpse, but soon realized what he was asking, proudly and proudly nodded.Nalan took a deep breath and his eyes revealed a burning cult. "I knew, I knew."Li Xin doubted: "Uncle Naland, what is this dumb mystery?"Nalan Yi's face sank and said: "How come you haven't practiced yet? You're already a 7th-level knight. Whether you can break into the Great Knight before the Hunting Monster Selection but it's about whether or not you can become a member of the hunting team. The key is not to hurry to go to practice, and give it to me in the morning."Li Xin spits out his tongue and tells Long Yuchen: "My brother, I'll go to practice first. My sister will give you a good job in the evening. Please eat a big meal. Oh," she said as she turned and ran.Narendra was somewhat helpless and somewhat fond of saying, "This child is almost twenty years old, and it is so crazy. Children of ordinary people are married at this age."Looking back, Nalan Yi looked at Long Haochen and nodded to him. "Yeah, you come with me."Long Haochen followed him again to the office on the second floor of Nalangu. After Narendra had closed the door, he could no longer restrain his excitement. “The last day and the god of killing are crowned by the throne! The morning, you know, the original Mozu was going to have big moves this time. But because of you The teacher's shot only scared the Mozu into five corps that sneaked into the league. Is your teacher? Can you let me see Xingyu adults?"Long Haochen shook his head and said: "The Lord of Narendra, he is gone. To you." As he said, he took out the letter left by his father and handed it to Nalan Lan.Narendra couldn't wait to open the envelope and saw it, and a hint of surprise soon appeared on his face. After reading the contents of letterhead several times in a row, I dared not to look back at Long Haochen. "You and you are actually the sons of Xingyu adults. But why does Xingyu adults want you to follow me to learn the skills of the guardian knight?" Why isn't it a disciplinary knight? We are the Knights of the Knights of the Knights!"Long Hao Chen said: "The Lord of Narendra, my father will not let me say more, if he did not tell you in the letter, then I can not say."Narendra took a deep breath and took the letter carefully, and after a few moments of sinking, he said, “Well, for whatever reason, I can’t go against the order of the adults of Xingyu. From now on, you’ll truly become a lunar month. A member of the temple. I will do my best to train you. Xingyu adults explain in the letter, let you participate in the selection of hunting mobs after more than two years.""Well, I've listened to your arrangement." Long Haochen straightened his back and gave a standard knight ceremony to Nalan.Nalan Lan patted him on the shoulder and said: "You will be like Xiner, and you will call me Uncle Nalan. Frankly speaking, let me teach you the skills of the Cavaliers. I feel a bit embarrassed in my heart. However, I believe, In the near future, you will be able to become the greatest glory of our temple. I will take you to our temple and give you a place to stay.""Thank you, Uncle Nalan."The Luyuefen Temple covers an extremely large area, not just the ones Long Xichen sees. Behind the main hall, there are large areas. Among them, it is divided into three parts, the knight's resting place, the knight's square for practice, and the knight's hall for imparting knowledge and skills.Taking Yuyue City as the center, every two or three years in the nearby towns and villages will choose to send a group of attendant knights to Haoyue Hall for examination. All things can be assessed by the prospective knight before they can stay in the hall of the month to learn and practice. If you can break into the third-order knight in five years, then you will become a real member of the Luyue Temple and a real member of the Knights Templar. Otherwise, the way for these prospective knights is to join the army or do something else for the Knights Templar.Therefore, what Long Xiaochen had seen before was only the facade of the House of Haoyue. The real Lunar Hall is actually behind. There are nearly a hundred knights and more than two thousand knights. According to Narendra's introduction, in addition to him, there is also a landed knight and seven knights. All those who can advance to the Grand Knights will go to the Knights Templar and be re-arranged.According to the different levels, the living conditions are naturally different. The prospective knights lived in a house for four people. The knight is already alone.Narendra arranged for Long Yuchen's residence next to Li Xin and took him to eat after dinner and asked him to let him go to rest. To start arranging his cultivation again tomorrow.When it comes to a third-tier career, no matter which temple, the treatment is quite good. Because, in the battle with the Mozu, they are the main force against the Mozu.The Ryukyu Morning House is located on the third floor of the Knights House in Seisho District. It is a suite where one room is used for rest, one room is a quiet room for meditation and there is a separate bathroom for convenience and washing. There is a simple magic array in the quiet room, inlaid with several magic crystals of the Department of Warcraft. The bright property of the interior of the static chamber is obviously stronger than the outside world, and it has a certain auxiliary effect on the inner spiritual power of cultivation.Without being affected by the environment, Long Haochen took out his personal clothing from the Forget-me-nots ring, and after a brief tidying up, he entered the quiet room and began to cultivate.During the cultivation process, the time is always very fast, and it passes quickly in the afternoon. It was only in the evening that the crisp knock on the door broke the tranquility of the home."Who?" Long Haochen sobered from the retreat.Long Haochen opened the door and saw Li Xinqiao standing outside. At this time, she did not wear the previous soft armor, but replaced it with a white one. It seemed that she had just showered, and her long pink hair was still wet on her shoulders. This way, she was a little less British but more charming."Follow me, Uncle Naran asks me to take you to test the spiritual power, and then the sister takes you out and turns around and eats a good meal for you."