Chapter I Serving Knights (3)"I don't know," said Barza, who saw this middle-aged man and hurriedly salute him. This middle-aged man had just arrived at the Odinzi Palace a few days ago. He could not confirm the identity and cultivation of the middle-aged man. He only knew that the man from the Knights of the Temple of Haoyue City.The middle-aged man regained his gaze and said in a subtle way: "Because he has a different spiritual ability than ordinary people. Otherwise, why do you think he can stimulate that potential?"Long Haochen was very happy. He held the little glass bottle in his hand and ran happily towards the home.For other children, the liquid in this bottle is just a potent potion, but for him, it is the reason for joining the Knights Templar.As he walked, he said to himself: “Jiang Hu’s brother is right. This is a good thing. My mother’s body has been much better since she drank one bottle every week. Mum, I’m sorry, though I taught me that I have gold under my knee, but if I can't pass the assessment today, I can't bring back Pei Yuanye to drink for you. I don't want to lose you. For my mother, I would do anything.”If Balzaar hears Long Yuchen’s words, he will certainly be surprised and widen his eyes.Peiyuanye is an agent issued by the Knights Templar. It has the effect of consolidating the children under the age of fifteen to assist them in their cultivation and lay the foundation for the body. Long Haochen was almost unable to pass the assessment today. It was because he never drank Peiyuanye! All was left to his mother. And a year ago, he was only a very thin young boy. Today, a year later, through his unremitting efforts for a year, he broke through the persistent support that allows his mother to drink Pei Yuan Ye. Spiritual power ten point mark.For a child who is only nine years old, the middle difficulty even exceeds the checkpoint of the Cavaliers. What talent and hard work can this be done?The sun shines on Long Haochen's body and shines like gold, just like his golden heart.Long Haochen's home is located in the remote corner of Odin town on the west side, and even a small river can be reached. Soon, he walked past the canopy on the river. However, he did not go home directly, but walked directly into a forest on the west side of the town of Odin.Before each time he used Peiyuanye to drink for his mother, he first had to pick some wild vegetables, and then mix the liquid in a strong wild vegetable soup so that the mother couldn't drink any of them. He didn't want his mother to know this. Long Haochen still remembered clearly that the Barza teacher taught them that the man should take everything.When he entered the woods, he quickly got busy. During these years, Long Haochen and his mother depended on each other. Even in Oding Town, their families were the poorest. Poor children were early to be children, and many children of the same age only knew it every day. When he was playing, he could help his mother share some of it. Although the mother and child rely only on the meager income of his mother's day to cut some clothes, he always feels that he is happy.For a while, a lot of wild vegetables were piled on the ground. These dragons were too familiar with it. Although they were only wild vegetables, their taste was not bad. From small to large, he did not eat these things.While Long Yuchen was preparing to pick up the picking vegetables he had picked up home, suddenly, a buzzing sound scared him. This forest is not very flat. Occasionally, there will be some wild animals.Long Haochen looked up and looked in the direction of the sound, and vaguely saw a petite figure that seemed to fall. With curiosity, he walked cautiously. He just walked a few steps and saw that what fell in the woods was not a beast. It was a little girl.The little girl looks only seven or eight years old and looks very slim and has a short lilac hair. There were many places where the coats were damaged, and at least six or seven places had blood stains. Although she fell to the ground, she remained awake and was struggling to get up, but it was very difficult to see that.Long Hao came forward with a trot and held her in amazement. "What happened to you?"The little girl seemed to be surprised. The body moved subconsciously and looked sideways at him. At this point, Long Haochen saw the little girl's appearance.The pretty little face was stained with a lot of dirt. At the corners of the mouth, there was a bloodshot thread. Although her appearance was very embarrassing, it was still very easy to feel amazing. But her beauty is different from Long Haochen. Long Haochen's eyebrow part is very soft, it is easy to give people close feelings. Although the girl was young, she was full of stubbornness and coldness between her eyebrows. She suddenly stared into her eyes, and Long Haochen could not help but shudder.Seeing Long Haochen, the little girl seemed to be taken aback, but she did not know whether the affinity of Long Haochen was strong enough. She soon calmed down."Are you okay?" Long Haochen asked again.The little girl reluctantly lifted one hand and wrote a line on the floor. "I can't speak, and some bad guys chase me. I'll be there soon. My sister, save me."Looking at what she had written in front of her, Long Haochen was shocked. When he could see the last few words, he could not help but raise a few black lines on his forehead."I'm a brother, not an elder sister." After a very depressing argument, driven by ambiguity, he picked up the little girl. How to say that he also passed the examination of the Cavaliers, the strength is already comparable to that of adults. The little girl's weight is extraordinarily light, holding no sense of weight.After picking her up, Long Haochen returned to his picking vegetables and tied the wild vegetables with a straw rope. The little girl was pulling his clothes anxiously at this moment.Long Hao stunned for a moment and rushed to put her on the ground. The little girl wrote quickly on the land: "I feel their breath, and they will soon come. They can smell my taste. Well, it's too late."Long Haochen's brows slightly shook his head and resolutely shook his head. "No, I'm a man. I want to protect you." Although he was only nine years old, when he was able to say this, it was his beautiful one. There was a little more determination on the little face.“Is it taste?” Long Haochen looked at her eyes and quickly took out a few of his wild vegetables and kneaded them by hand. Then he quickly wiped the little girl and herself, then hung her to the side of the bush. She carefully placed it in the bushes, and then picked it up again and supported her body with her elbows. She did not touch the little girl but completely blocked her with her body.He didn't notice that when he was doing this, the girl he was protecting always looked at him with a strange gaze, but he was quiet and without any movement.When Long Haochen had just been hidden, he heard a series of broken voices from outside and secretly looked out from the cracks in the bushes. He saw a group of black men. The figure of these black men is very tall, and there is a faint hint of breath in vagueness. Several of them are sucking hard."How was the smell broken here? Didn't the little girl get it?" The hoarse voice echoed in the woods.