Chapter 8 Holy Spirit (4)"Oh." Long Haochen was still immersed in the practice of practicing inner spiritual powers and spiritual furnaces before, and simply agreed to speak out with Li Xin.Li Xin sorted out his long hair, recombined it into a ponytail with a blue hair band, and took the dragons out of the house early in the morning and returned to the main hall to go directly to the third floor.Narendra has been waiting here. He saw them come and smiled at Long Haochen. "What about the rest? Are they still satisfied?"Long Haochen paid a tribute to Nalan in the morning and replied, "It's good to live. Thank you, Uncle Nalan."Narendra smiled slightly. He was more and more fond of this kid, and his father had such a strong power but no arrogance."You have completed the sacred awakening and proved that you have the strength of the knight, but you have joined us and you have to register. So let you test the current spiritual power. Tomorrow begins, you will follow the knight class. As for the guardian knight's skills and techniques, there is something that you don't understand directly asking me.""Okay." Long Hao Chen promised to speak, one wrist, pull out from behind the oblique plunging epee. Because his father did not allow him to expose the ability to punish the knight, so he just put a heavy stiletto on his body, and the other is naturally in the ring of forget-me-nots."My brother, do you want to change the guardian knight?" Li Xin looked puzzled.Long Hao Chen Hehe laughed: "This is my own choice after the last test."There is no difference between the tools of the spiritual power test and the last time, it is still the black stone pillar."Start it." Nalan Yi nodded to Long Hao in the morning.Long Haochen had a condensate in his eyes and stepped forward. The right hand epee had already rushed down like a bolt of lightning. The sword was obviously a layer of golden light. This was not a skill, but the inner spiritual power injected into the scene.With a buzzing noise, the soft blue halo rose from the wall around the trial hall. Both Nalan Yi and Li Xin stared nervously at the black pillar."Two hundred and sixty-eight." A big figure appeared there.Nalan Yi and Li Xin also sucked in cool air at the same time, Li Xin lost his voice: "Only two points of spiritual power is the third-class knight. My brother, are you a normal human? The three-level knight is less than twelve years old! ”You know, when Li Xin and Long Haochen met one and a half years ago, she was just a knight of this level. Only a year and a half later, Long Haochen actually doubled her spiritual power. Although this speed of promotion is related to the inner spiritual power and external spiritual power, it can only be described as stunning.Long Haochen took the sword and stood by. He was not surprised at this spiritual power figure, but this is obviously not his true spiritual power. After the fusion of the Holy Spirit, his inner spiritual power dropped by more than fifty points. Otherwise, he should be a fourth level close to five knights."Genius, really a genius!" Narendra said murmured.Li Xin squinted and looked at Longyin Chen: "Alas, you are too young. Otherwise, your sister must first take you over."Looking at her look, Long Haochen could not help but look red in the face. He also clearly remembered that more than a year ago, Li Xin clutched his hand to touch some of the towering, soft places."Let's go, let's go to dinner." Li Xinyi Lalong Hao Chen, greeted Nalan Lan and ran out.Out of the House of Haoyue, Li Xin took Long Yuchen and went to find one of the largest restaurants nearby.As soon as he entered the door, a waiter welcomed him. "Miss Xiner, you are here."Li Xin nodded and said, "We have something to eat."The waiter took a slightly surprised look at Long Xinchen, who was pulled by Li Xin. "The two are on the second floor with me."Li Xin shook her head and said, "Forget it, we two people, sit in the hall. Just sit there by the window. Take the menu, I'm going to starve to death."While talking, she took Long Haochen and walked over to sit down.At this time, the hotel lobby had already taken 50% of the time. Li Xin took orders with Long Haochen immediately after sitting down. However, her method of ordering really made Long Haochen open his eyes.From the waiter’s hand, Li Xin took five or six points. When Long Haochen was wondering why the waitress was not recording, Li Xin said: "Well, these don't do it, the rest is all."There is a total of two to thirty dishes on that page menu!"Xin Er sister, too much, can not eat." Long Haochen said quickly, and this sister has a bit of new understanding. The comfort of her shameless eyebrows made him feel very comfortable.Li Xin looked at his face and said: "How can I not eat? If you are growing up, eat more.""Come on, let's make people eat more. It's clear that you're a git." When Li Xin finished the meal, a somewhat cold voice began to scorn.Long Haochen looked away and saw that two men, a woman and three people also walked into the hotel. When they passed by, they stopped and said that the girl was talking.The young girl wore a dark blue robe, and the looming elements fluctuate. The robe glowed with a faint blue halo. In her left chest position, there are three stars markings, surrounded by six gold lines around.Magic robe. Is this a magician? Long Haochen’s knowledge of the magician was still limited to his father’s statement. This was the first time he saw it.The three stars plus six gold medals represent the marks of the third-grade career sixth grade. This is already a real magician. The titles of the first three levels of magicians are magic servants, magic apprentices, and magicians."Yeah." Li Xinmeng took a slap on the table and stood up, angered and said: "Lin Jiayu, who are you talking about?"Lin Jia snorted, "Whoever says who eats more."Long Haochen noticed the appearance of the young girl's magician after paying attention to the magic robe.It can be said that Lin Jiaxuan and Li Xin are rare beauty, but the two women are completely different styles. Li Xin is a straightforward, full-blooded and full of vitality. And Lin Jiaxuan is the kind of beauty that everyone shows.White skin, medium build, light blue long hair behind her, eyebrows, cheeks, blue eyelids, softer lines, it's easy to give a kind of care to her feel.However, she held a magic wand about two feet long in her hands. The whole body of the staff is made of black wood, with several finely colored twigs sticking out from the top and holding a fistful of water-blue gemstones. The magical elements on this staff will fluctuate more than the magic robes on her."You want to fight again, are you not?" Li Xin's eyes were full of radiance, stepping out and coming to Lin Jiaxuan.The two young people who walked into the hotel together with Lin Jiaxuan quickly took the first two steps. They guarded Lin Jialu from left to right and his face was full of nervous look. They are all warrior skins. It is obviously Lin Jiaxuan's guard.What the magician fears most is the sneak attack. Compared with their destructive magic, their bodies are much more vulnerable. Therefore, excellent magicians will always follow and follow.“Please calm down the two young ladies. Last month you could have just been punished by the Archoniac and the General Director.” The soldiers on the left were careful to remind them.“Yeah.” Li Xin and Lin Jiahao were almost simultaneously yelling and glaring at each other.