Chapter 9 Shield of the Glorious (1)Li Xin said evilly: "Last time, were you too happy to mention the last time? If it wasn't for my dad and Uncle Lin to come fast, I killed her with a sword."Lin Jiaxiao sneered: "If my dad didn't protect you, I would freeze you into ice sculptures last time."Li Xin said with disdain: "If you have the ability, do not use any magic equipment."Lin Jiayi scorned: "If you have the ability, don't call your unicorn."Li Xin's anger is obviously overwhelming. Whenever his wrists are turned, he takes out the two swords behind him. "Go, go outside. I don't call roses today. I see if you can help me?"Lin Jiaxuan handed the magic wand to the soldier next to him. "Well, then I don't use the magic wand, so that you can see the speed of this lady's casting.""The two ladies, the Archon, and the general executive, have said that if the two fight again, they will be forbidden." The two warriors sweat on their foreheads, blocking the smile in the face of the two women. With helplessness.After hearing the word forbidden, Li Xin and Lin Jialu obviously had a stagnation. Once again, they had a tacit understanding and shouted at the same time.Lin Jiamin sneered: "You are lucky.""I'm lucky? This girl is a seven-level knight. Someone is still a six-level magician. I don't know who is lucky. Isn't it that we can't let us play? Well, Lin Jiahao, you dare to take a bet with me. ?"Lin Jia grunted and said: "What are you betting on?"Li Xin pointed to Long Yuchen, who had already stood up and was behind him. “This is my younger brother. I let him give it up for me. You also send people out. We won’t be forbidden unless we fight ourselves.”Before Long Haochen had been blocked by Li Xin's stature, at this time Li Xin let Kaijia Jiayu see him. Lin Jiaxuan suddenly felt bright, Long Haochen's exquisite near-perfect face, a pair of unique rare pale golden clear eyes, there is an intangible temperament, all to her surprise.Look at Long Haochen, and then take a look at Li Xin. Lin Jiaxuan lowered his voice a bit and asked Li Xin, “Is she the same as you?”The muscles of Long Haochen's face suddenly touched it, his head was black, and he frowned. "I'm a man."He thought in his heart that you could not do this! Why do I think every time I see me as a woman, I don't see if I have a throat? A little common sense OK!Li Xin Yang proudly said: "How? My handsome brother. Have you seen such a handsome little guy?"Lin Jia grinned and said: "You have this hobby, like Xiao Zhengtai. However, you are too much bigger than others. Do you want to face?"“You...” Li Xin said irritably: “You said you dare not bet on it. The truth tells you that my brother is also our person who has passed the conference. It has only been joined today.”Lin Jia groaned. "You're not mistaken. Did you let him out? How old is he? Is there fifteen?"Li Xin said: "You don't care about this, you just say that you dare not bet on it. If you dare not, you can quickly get away and do not affect the mood of your grandmother.""Who are you grandmother? Betting on gambling. Isn't it just a little too? Xu Sky, you are on." Lin Jiayi didn't know why he was not on the plate with Li Xin. Both of them obviously could not stand the other's excitement.Li Xin said: "We go out to fight, do not affect people's business. Also, since it is a gambling, it will always add a bet."Lin Jia said: "What do you want to gamble on?"Li Xin obviously had already thought about what the bet was. He pulled out a white spar from his arms and said, “I’m using this magical crystal of five levels of Warcraft Jin Yanhu to bet on the side of your shop. shield."Lin Jiayi's eyes were slightly moved. "Are you crazy?" She vaguely felt that something was wrong. Jin Yanhu's magic crystal is quite rare, and it is also one of the best value among the five magic crystals of Warcraft. Although the Shield of Glory is good, if it is of value alone, it is less than this magic crystal. She is so confident?Li Xin tossed the magic crystal and sneered, "If you dare not to hurry, you will remember to see this girl go around later.""If there is anything that you dare not to bet on, you can bet on it." Lin Jiayi immediately responded with an impulse.Long Haochen was standing next to him and he did not say anything. Although he did not know what contradictions existed between Li Xin and Lin Jiayu, they could see that although the two were noisy, they were all very contentious and not real enemies. . Li Xin has always been very good to him. He can't refuse to take out his sister's hand.Several people went out to the hotel together. Li Xin took Long Haochen's hand and whispered: “My brother, I’m sorry to say that I’ll let you do it before I eat. However, you need to refuel! It’s useful for my sister to do this. Yes, we must win."Long Haochen clearly saw Li Xin's eyes showing a bit of color, nodding his head and saying, "Sister, I do my best."On the other side, Lin Jiaxuan is also cheering on his own. "Xu Sky, Xiao Zhengtai estimates a bit of skill, but you must win. You win this game and go back and give you a good sword. However, remember not to Really hurt people."Xu Sky said helplessly: "Miss, then we can say it well. After the end of the game, no matter how you win or lose, you shouldn't make trouble with Miss Xiner. Anything else, or I'm going to accuse the Archon."Lin Jiaxuan said something impatient: "I know."In front of the hotel, there is a space dedicated to parking carriages. There are not many carriages at this time. There is just enough space for them to fight.Long Haochen had already walked out with a heavy sword. When Xu Sky was coming out on the other side, he yelled to Lin Jia: "I've never had a hand with a magician, sister Lin. Can you please enlighten me?""Huh?" Li Xin and Lin Jiayi both froze.Li Xin quickly said: "My younger brother, do not trouble." She saw Long Haochen shot, knowing his actual combat experience is good, before the spiritual power of the test is not low. Lin Jiaxuan's two guards are also just soldiers who broke through third-order. Without the support of divine light skills, it is difficult to win Long Haochen. Ke Lin Jia is not the same. That is the genius girl of Haoyuecheng with her name.Long Haochen earnestly told Li Xin: "My sister, my dad said to me, the actual combat experience is more important than repairing in many cases. I want to try the battle with the magician."Lin Jiayi walked up to some devastating Xu sky, wondering: "Little Zhengtai, do you want to play with me? Then your Xiner sister will lose."Long Haochen slowly lifted the heavy epee in his hand and shook his head. "I don't think so. Is it possible to have Xiner's sister?"Li Xin looked at Long Haochen's calmness and firmness that was inconsistent with her age. She smiled and said, "Yes, it's my brother. Let her know you're terrible. Lin Jiaxuan, if you lose, you don't want to cry.""I will lose?" Lin Jiayi gave Li Xin a white glance, instead of going to his own staff, he empty-handedly approached Long Haochen: "Come on, then.""Sister Lin, please." As he said, Long Haochen tapped his hand on his right shoulder with a swift sword, performed a knight ceremony, and on tiptoes, he launched an assault toward Lin Jiaxuan.The cold notes quickly spit out from Lin Jia's mouth. She doesn't retreat either, and a faint blue glow rippling from her. With one finger on the right, an ice hockey headed straight to the dragon's morning. It took less than a second before and after.