Chapter Nine Shields of the Glorious (2)Long Haochen's eyes narrowed slightly, and he did not dodge directly to meet the ice hockey.At that moment, the ice hockey suddenly sank, slamming and hitting the ground. A layer of blue halos suddenly covered a piece of ground two feet away. However, the footsteps of Long Haochen’s assault are just stepping on it.A chill moment swept from under the foot, slipped under the foot, and Long Haochen's body flashed as if it were about to lose balance.Lin Jiaying's face showed a confident smile, and the curse in the mouth kept on. A light blue mask had already enveloped her. This is a second-order magic ice cover.However, the smile on her face quickly became a surprise.Long Haochen had just slipped at the foot of his feet. Suddenly, there was a pale golden luster on the foot. The ice that was frozen on the ground was actually trampled by his foot and the body recovered instantly. The speed of the assault not only decreased but suddenly increased by a factor of two. A sharp thrust in the hand of the heavy epee hit the top of the ice shield.Whether it was Lin Jiaxuan or both of hers were surprised. The ability to use the Holy Spirit within the Spirit is a sign of the third-order knight. This seems to be less than fifteen-year-old boy, even if it is already a third-order knight?A series of collisions sounded on the ice mask.Long Haochen only felt as if he had stabbed an ice wall and the charge was immediately blocked. However, the Ice Mask also has a large number of rifts under the spurs and it seems impossible to sustain it.Although Lin Jiaxuan was in shock, her spelling did not stop, and a circle of white ice rings suddenly emerged from around her body. The powerful thrust will only be pushed out of the dragon's morning.This is one of the most commonly used resistance skills of ice magicians against melee careers. In the absence of a magic wand, Lin Jiaxuan's spells are so coherent, swift, and worthy of the title of magic genius.The dragon's morning, which was launched, was slightly stunned. I thought in my heart that the battle with the magician was not the same as the warrior.It was at this time that more than a dozen icicles rose rapidly from his side, blocking all the passages in front and behind him. Mori’s cold chill made Long Yu’s body cold for a while, and her body’s spiritual power seemed to be reduced by a few minutes.Lin Jiaxuan was only slightly relieved at this time, his heart imagining, almost on the when Li Xin, this Xiaozheng is actually a third-order knight, for Xu sky, really not necessarily his opponent ah!On the other side, Li Xin sighed angrily. In her view, Long Haochen, who had been locked up, would definitely be affected by ice magic. His combat effectiveness would be greatly reduced. Before he broke through the barriers around him, he would probably have to be Lin Jiaxuan. Defeated.But also at this time, Long Hao Chen jumped up."This stupid kid." Li Xin could not help but whisper. Facing the magician, do you jump at a certain distance and not aim at others? The intention of Lin Jiaxuan's ice cage is to make him leap. It seems that he does not have the experience of confronting the magician!Sure enough, Long Haochen had just leaped, and on the other side of the mouth of Lin Jiayue, a smile was given. One by one ice hockey went straight to the Long Hao morning bombardment away. She is already merciless, otherwise, if the first-order ice hockey becomes a second-order ice blade or ice pick, the attack power is much stronger.However, Long Haochen once again shocked everyone at the scene.A light layer of golden light emerged from the dragon's morning and hovered upwards. He held his sword high in both hands. Under the shadow of this golden light, his handsome face added a bit of sacred flavor.The ice bombs broke off on their own before they attacked Long Hao's morning. The coldness they emitted could not invade the golden light.The three words of light sword were instantly raised in Ling Jia’s heart. Make the smile on her face instantly solidify, without hesitation to re-arranged an ice cover in front of him.The leaping Long Haochen descended from the sky, and the sword squatted down. The faint golden light instantly became strong and turned into a wide-angled blade of light.Light Sword, Knight's third-order skills, disciplinary knight, guardian knight can learn, need to consume spiritual power 50 points. Inspires the Guardian of Divine Light and condenses into a light blade to attack the enemy. The attack distance is directly proportional to the knight's own spiritual power.This skill is the first remote attack ability that the knight can use with Inner Spirit. Although it consumes the inner spiritual power, it is the same as the day. But the power is much smaller, because the light sword is a long-range attack and attack and defense skills.Even so, light swords are generally five or more knight skills. After reaching a higher level, there is plenty of spiritual support. The power of this skill will gradually emerge.The golden light blade collided with the ice shield almost the next moment. The bang sounded crisp and the ice shield shattered instantly. However, the light edge of the light sword was also cancelled.Long Haochen's stature did not stop at a half-pitch. As his feet fell to the ground, he rushed toward Lin Jiaxuan.Lin Jiaxuan looked at the light sword being blocked by his own ice shield. This relieved his mind and thought, but fortunately this small spiritual power was not too strong. Otherwise, the blow was not good enough. He looked down on him.However, with the block of the light sword, Lin Jialu's face resurfaced with a smile. In the face of Long Haochen's charge, he resisted the release of the ice ring again.The light sword needs to consume fifty spiritual powers. Obviously, Xiao Zhengtai's remaining inner spiritual power is running out. As long as he once again blocks his charge, he only accepts defeats.啪 , , 啪 啪 啪 啪 啪 啪 啪 啪 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,Resisting the ice ring to pass by Long Haochen, but this time he has not been pushed out again, but the body has a layer of faint golden light.Before the epee, pointing gently on the shoulders of Lin Jiayi.“嘶 嘶 ” ” 嘶 ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” 嘶 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 凉 。 。” Lin Jiaxuan, who is preparing to continue casting spells, is also in the same place.Although Long Haochen's epee did not really fall on her, the faint sacred breath gave her a clear sense."Lin sister, gave up." Long Hao Chen back a few steps back to close the sword."Impossible, this is impossible? Even the fourth-order occupation can only be temporarily launched in the face of my opposition to the ice ring." Lin Jiaying's face is full of incredible looks, watching Long Yuchen, the original smile all changed Become shocked and unwilling.Lost, as a magical girl of Haoyue City genius, she actually lost to a younger than himself. How can she be willing?Even if she had been mercilessly using her hands, she did not use any magic equipment. However, her third-order and six-level magician's repairs actually lost.Not to mention Lin Jiayu himself, even in the eyes of Li Xin also clearly revealed the intricate colors. Only when she learned about Long Haochen and Lin's brief absence from Lin Jiayi, she already understood.God defends the block. When Lin Jiaxuan used the second time to resist the ice ring, Long Haochen used God to block the block.