Chapter 9 Shield of the Glorious (3)Compared with a year and a half ago, Long Yuchen's God Fendo has been able to describe with a perfect fire. We must know that although God's defense is strong, it is extremely high on the timing. Its skill effects can only last for a moment. Therefore, it is necessary to have the most accurate pre-judgment to be effective.With the help of God's Guardian, Long Haochen resisted the ice ring and did not retreat. This only led to the victory of Lin Jiaxuan.If Lin Jiaxuan uses her magic equipment or he has paid enough attention at the beginning, it is almost impossible for Neil Ling to be her opponent because of the high consumption of Dragons. Unfortunately, Long Haochen's age is too confusing. Coupled with the fact that the defensive skills of the Cavaliers are blocked, Lin Jiayi is in a tragedy.Li Xin was shocked by the judgment of Long Yuchen's deterrence, and she knew where it was. They were abused by Long Xingyu every day. Every day at two actual combat hours, the defensive of God has become the instinct of Long Haochen. It is entirely judged by feeling.Looking at Lin Jiaxuan's resignation and loss of consciousness, Li Xin took the lead in waking up from the shock and laughed: "What is impossible? It can only show that you are ignorant. Even my younger brother can't beat him, but he is still trying to challenge Miss Ben and willing to lose. Bets are taken."Lin Jiayi took a look at her, then took a look at Long Haochen and slammed his feet. “I will send people back when we look back. Let’s go.” The meal was not eaten, and she turned and left. After seeing the two eyes of Long Hao, who was shocked once again, her two women followed Lin Jialan."Haha, too mad." As she said, Li Xin grabbed Long Haochen and kissed him hard.Long Hao morning stay, the next moment, Jun face suddenly rose red.Li Xin smiled. "My younger brother, you are so shy. It's almost like calm when you fight. Oh, let's go eat."The defeat of Lin Jiaxuan made Li Xin feel good, with Long Haochen savoring a sumptuous dinner. Although she had a lot of dishes, her appetite was even more striking than the Long Yu’s morning in the long body. Both of them had really eaten most of them."Wow, it's good to be full. My brother, if I eat with you every day, my sister will surely gain weight."At this time, Long Haochen had not recovered from her previous kiss. Although the cold and creamy lips only fell instantly, the feeling was deeply imprinted in his heart. The warmth and let parents left, Long Haochen once again had a home feeling. It's so nice to have such a sister."Sister, what's the contradiction between you and that Lin sister?" Long Haochen asked some curiously.Li Xin snorted and said, “I feel angry when I mention it. Originally, we were good friends who had nothing to say when we were young. About five years ago, we were also fond of boys at a magical temple. No one looks handsome, but it's still OK. Talent is also very high.I was a good friend with Lin Jiayi at the time.After I knew she liked that guy, I was ready to give it to her. But the boy came running with I said that Lin Jiaxuan used his family's power to force him to be with her and he had to give in for his future. Since then, I have never seen the boy again.""I went to Lin Jiaxuan's theory. Lin Jiaxuan quarreled with me and said that I was a liar and said that I was despicable. Later, I became more angry and we started to move. Since then, our relationship has also become a present. In this way, I don't know who's mean and jealous."Long Haochen doubted: "Is there any misunderstanding? Sister, I think you should still talk to Lin sister."Li Xindao said: “What can be misunderstood? The boy has disappeared. Maybe she was harmed by her. Well, without mentioning this, I am angry when I mention it. However, although Lin Jiahao hates, but she still speaks. Haha, this time it is profitable, and even if the shield of light is used for you, there will be no problem with the fifth order.""Give it to me?" Long Hao stunned for a moment.Li Xin said: "Of course, ah! Otherwise, I bet with her? I do not want her things. Do not you want to practice guardian knight it? How can the guardian knight without a shield? We are divided into the palace that the standard shield is too bad. With this glorious Shield can at least increase your defense by one level."The bursts of warmth filled his heart and Long Haochen really did not expect that Li Xin let him fight and bet with Lin Jialu. He actually wanted to find a good shield for him.Li Xin sighed a little, some embarrassed to play with his fingers, "are blamed dad, refused to give me some pocket money. Otherwise, my sister will directly buy equipment for you. Which would be useful to think of this approach.""Sister -" Long Hao Chen gently shouted.Li Xin smiled and said: "Why, how do you eye circles are red? Xiao Zheng is really sentimental ah! Go, go back. Tomorrow you have to start classes, and my sister will teach you some experience."When the two men just returned to the entrance to the Knights Templar, there was a middle-aged man waiting there respectfully, holding a large cloth in his hands."Miss Xiner, this is my lady sent me." The middle-aged man handed the cloth to Li Xin and turned away.Looking at the back of his departure, Li Xin smiled and said: "I don't know how bad Lin Jiayi is this time. Her pocket money seems to be much less than I am."Returning to the House of Haoyue, Li Xin directly followed Long Haochen and returned to his home."My brother, look, this is the Shield of Glory." As he said, Li Xin took some cloths from his hands and took them out so that the shields would not be handed to Long Haochen.This is a round shield with a diameter of about two feet and five inches and is a medium-sized shield. The whole body is dark silver, giving people the first impression of simplicity and atmosphere.In the middle of the shield, there is a round gem of the size of a pigeon egg. The gems are presented in pale gold. With a gemstone as the center, a pattern of the sun is engraved on it, and the lines are radioactive up to the edge of the shield.It seems that the shield is not heavy, but it gives off a steady, bright atmosphere."Try it quickly." Li Xin handed the Shield of Glory to Long Haochen.Long Haochen did not reject his words. When he sees a person as his own relative, he will certainly not refuse to deliver something. At the same time, he is willing to pay for everything for the other person.After receiving the Shield of Glory, Long Haochen saw that the inside of the shield was not a simple handle, but a metal sheath resembling an arm guard. He put his left hand in and the metal sleeve was slightly loose, covering his entire small arm and palms reaching inside, just holding a metal handle. In this way, the whole shield is like fitting perfectly on his arm. Especially the faint lightness of the atmosphere gave Long Haochen a very comfortable feeling.Li Xin came over and adjusted the metal sleeves on his arm. There are some delicate metal buckles in the metal sleeves, and they are easily adjusted to the size of Long Haochen. As a result, when Long Haochen waved his arm again, there was a sense of integration with this shield.Shiny Shield is not heavy, gently waving his arm, Long Haochen immediately liked this shield.Li Xindao said: "This shield of glory itself can defend against the impact of under 300 Spirit. After injecting inner spiritual power, its defensive power will continue to increase. The psychic power emitted on it can block most of the negative effects of magic. For example, the ice effect of Lin Jiaxuan's ice magic, etc. It is quite good to use some skills with the guardian knight.You see this jewel, this is the gold stone, there is it, as long as the shield is not damaged too much, it can repair itself. Perhaps it is not the strongest shield under the fifth rank, but it is definitely the most practical magic shield."