Chapter 9 Shield of the Glorious (4)Long Haochen tried to inject a little spiritual power into the shield. Suddenly, the pattern of the sun in the center of the Shield of Shield lighted up, and a light golden glow appeared on the entire surface of the shield. The consumption of Long Haochen is not great."Sister, thank you." Long Haochen said sincerely.Li Xin said with a smile: "Thank you. This is your own victory. Well, I'll talk to you about the precautions we should take in the school."It took almost one hour to stay in Long Yuchen's room before Li Xin left. Under her introduction, Long Haochen also added a lot of understanding to the House of Haoyue.After a simple wash, Long Haochen ate breakfast delivered by someone. Only the knights had this treatment, and the prospective knights would go to the cafeteria. After breakfast, he came to the knights early.The Knights Hall is a two-story building that is not too large. The first floor is where the guardian knights attend lectures, and the second floor is the disciplinary knights.When Long Hao arrived in the morning, the broad guardian knight teaching classroom was empty. He found a corner and took off his own epee and Guangliang Shield. He waited quietly.One after another began to have knights come to the classroom. After a while, the classroom was full. Long Haochen had a slight count, about 80 or so knights. Compared to the total number of knights in the whole temple, it can be seen that the guardian knight is much more than the knight.Although Long Haochen sat in the corner, but also attracted the attention of the knights, the vast majority of knights who were only dressed in great numbers could not but cast a curious eye on him. Because his age is really too small."Look, who is that little guy? Hey, that wouldn't be the shield of glory. It looks like the family has money!""But the knights are not able to come in with money. Wouldn't it be the relatives of the instructor?""You don't know about this. I listened to the brother who was watching the door yesterday. He said that our hellish rose brought a little handsome boy. It was estimated that it was this little boy. But why did the temple owner allow him to come here for class?"An older knight came to Long Haochen and said gently: "Little brother, are you taking the wrong place? This is the knights' palace, the knights' classroom is next to them." Even for these knights, Long Haochen was very talented this year.Long Haochen quickly stood up and courteously took a knight ceremony to the other party. “Hello, I was coming to the knight’s palace. My name is Long Haochen.”While the knight was still talking about something, a somewhat hoarse voice sounded, "Class."The Knight was startled and seemed to fear the husky voice's owner and quickly turned and ran back to his seat to sit down.Long Haochen looked in the direction of the podium, where there was already a tall, thin, middle-aged man carrying a round shield on his back. The middle-aged man's eyes also seemed to him.“Do you have any questions?” asked the middle-aged man.The middle-aged man suddenly said: "What are you still standing on?"Long Haochen was shocked by his sudden amplified voice and quickly sat down.The entire classroom was silent, and every knight looked respectfully at the middle-aged man. His eyes were clearly afraid of him."My new kid, my name is Nightingale. I'm the general instructor of the Divisi Hall. I don't care if you are talented. I'm here. You are an ordinary knight. If you don't meet my requirements, I will treat you. Kicked out and returned to the prospective knight. Do you understand?""Yes." Long Haochen once again stood up and performed a standard knight ceremony for the chief instructor.Ordinary knight? These words make the knights in the classroom feel awkward. This boy, who seems to have no fifteen years old, turned out to be a knight? Did you make mistakes?"Everybody stood up." Nightingale suddenly burst into anger.Just like a reflex, a bang, all the knights quickly got up.Nightingale looked at them coldly. “You guys are on this point? How did I teach you? What is the most important thing as a guardian knight?”"Calm." A group of knights responded with promise."Then did you do it?" Nightinger glanced over the knights.Nightingale said: "All to me for heavy equipment. The training field ran 50 laps. Or you can't remember the lesson. Immediately, immediately.""Yes." No one dares to refute that the guardian knights trod out of the classroom in a very orderly manner.Long Haochen was also shocked. He did not expect the general instructor's temper to be so hot."What are you still doing? Are you not one of them? Go together." Nightingale pointed to Long Hao's anger and shouted.The equipment library is in the basement of the Knights' Palace. After waiting for Long Tichen to receive a set of equipment, he could not help but feel like crying. He is too young and his body is far from successful. This one who has a hundred pounds worth of weight on his body can not be counted, but can only be set on top, loose. He must use both hands on both sides in order not to lose weight.The sound of metal cymbals reverberated on a wide training ground. There are two hundred feet in one circle in the training field. Together with a reloading, the knights who have achieved two hundred spiritual powers are also quite a load.Nightingale stood in the middle of the training field and watched them run. “I'm not allowed to leave the team. Whoever falls behind will give me another 50 laps. Long Haochen, you come here.” He apparently learned about the dragon from Narendra. The name of the morning."Yes, instructors." Long Hao Chen dragged a heavy ran to the night before China.The faint light of the night said: "You are new. You cannot understand the rules. Now I'll give you a chance. As long as your offense can move me, you can skip the lap with them."Hearing these words, the knights who are running around have obviously speeded up a bit faster, and no one even dared to look at the night. However, many people have shown a pity on their faces."Yes." Long Haochen quickly took off his body, left-handed shield, right-handed epee. Actual combat is the best way to enhance combat effectiveness. Under conditions of sufficient pressure, it can also promote internal spiritual power. The key is that he is not afraid of losing, big deal is running circle.Evening's backhands took off their shields and it seemed that they didn't care about using the magic shields such as the shield of the Shining Sun in Long Haochen. The cold road: “You can take the initiative to attack.”"Yes, ask the instructor to enlighten." The left shield and the right stegosaurus were somewhat uncomfortable. After all, he had never used shields before, so it was somewhat awkward, but shields were better than empty ones. Long Haochen had decided before coming to the House of the Moon, and he would not easily use the two swords to fight with others. Only when he had practiced alone would he discipline the knight skills.When Long Xingyu taught his son, he taught him a very important idea. That is, never tell your opponent how deep your knowledge is.The pace of neat and rhythmical assaults began to rise, and the speed of Long Haochen increased sharply, like a small leopard who rushed toward the night. The speed is not very fast, but the pace is very calm. Shuang Yan was locked in Nightingale and used his Superman's first-class observation to judge the instructor's movement.Last night, Long Haochen was able to defeat Lin Jiaxuan. Apart from his rivals, the most important thing is the accurate judgment and calculation of Long Haochen. These are based on the premise of his superhuman spirit.