Chapter Ten Night Sura (1)Looked at the dragon's morning rushed to his own, night nodded his head secretly, this child's assault action is not just a standard, but has mastered the rhythm, not full sprint, so, perhaps, the impact will be weak, but Change will be much more.The body is slightly on the side, and with the help of the front of the epee in charge of the charge, Long Tien-chen has made a textbook-like spur, and the silver-white light appears almost instantly on the epee, and the white-bladed sword is launched at the same time.Just as the epee was less than a foot away from himself, the night was moving. His movements are extremely fast, with his right hand behind his back and his left shield in front. The shield is not a frontal shield against the dragon's morning epee, but the shield is slightly tilted.When he heard it, Long Haochen only felt that his sword was slanted. He did not directly hit the shield but slipped over the tilted shield. The pure white blade brought out a series of Mars on the shield of the night. The next moment, he saw a shield that was enlarged in front of himself.With a bang, Long Haochen was hit by seven or eight meters, and he fell to the ground.Throughout the entire process, he only had time to stand in front of him with a shield of glory. The next moment, people would fly out.When he turned up, Long Haochen had climbed from the ground and his face was full of horror.There is no weapon in the hands of the night, only the shield, but it is the shield, and the battle is ended in an instant."Waste." Nightingale spit out two words.Long Haochen had a look of condensate, and the epee touched his shoulder again and saluted the night again. “Teacher, please enlighten.” After the ceremony, he again launched the assault.The knights who were running laps were peeking at the match and watching Long Haochen's defeat, they actually climbed up and went up again. They suddenly looked at each other."This little guy really does! The first time I saw you in the hall, someone dared to challenge Shura's second time."Where do they know that when Long Haochen followed Long Xingyu to practice, he was being abused, and what it fell was counted. What's more, the shield of Guang Guang filtered most of the impact. Long Xingyu wants to train his son to be more brave and brave. At the same time, he seeks lessons and promotes himself in failure.Once again, Long Haochen charges a slight adjustment in his footsteps. The speed is obviously slower, but the momentum of the entire person is more stable. This time, the attacking skills he used are no longer spitting, but instead they are lightning bolts.The golden light flashed, and the spiritual power broke out in the divine light. The difference between lightning stabs and spurs is that the spur is a forward sprint, and the lightning stab is a strike.Inner Spirit? Third-order? The knights in the circle all stared blankly.Even though it was not changed, Yeohua’s face was still in the final moments. The shield in his hand was just the same as the tilt block, and the heavy epee made a crunchy sound on it, but this time the epee was only slightly visible. Long Hao retreated in the morning and his own center of gravity did not deviate.However, the shield in the hands of Nightingale was once again enlarged in the eyes of Long Hao, and he had exactly the same skill as before.Lunge and shield blocks, Long Haochen rises across the shield of his hands and stands in front of him with a firm posture.H, Long Haochen’s body was once again hit by a fly. This time, he was even heavier than the previous one, so that he gasped a little on the ground for a few seconds before he stood up again."I know why I can win you?" Nightingale asked coldly.Long Haochen's brow furrowed without hesitation: "Because your repair is higher than me."Nightingale nodded and said: "Yes. You think it's not fair to me that I've knocked you off with your inner spiritual power rather than winning on skill."Long Haochen nodded after hesitated for a moment.Nightingale snorted with disdain, said: "Fool. If on the battlefield, you encounter more powerful enemies than you, is it also questioned him? Well, you only go to hell questioned. Face stronger than you Your enemies, what you need to do is to do everything possible to use your own strengths to make up for the gaps and unscrupulously defeat your opponents and protect yourself."After Long Haochen made some thoughts, the handsome face blew up in awe-inspiring colors, nodded hard and said, "I understand. Thank you, instructor." As he spoke, he once again saluted the night, "Please ask the instructor for advice. ”Night frivolous said: "Do you really understand? Challenge me again, I will use more strength to crush you.""Instructor advice." Long Hao Chen shouted. In his eyes, he was full of perseverance and perseverance. It is in stark contrast to his handsome face that can be described as soft."Come on." Night is still a cold face.Charge, take off. This time, Long Haochen leaped high when he rushed half the distance. His epee was picked up and sparkled with dazzling golden light."Stupid." Nightingale stared at Long Haochen furiously, knowing that he was not as good as the opponent and still jumping in the air. Was it not for dying?However, the anger in the eyes of Nightingale quickly turned into surprises. Because Long Haochen skipped this time, he actually reached the top of his head. The position of the epee in the hand is the back of the night. At this time, the whole person seems to have lost balance.But Nightingale did not think so because he saw Long Haochen's eyes. A person who has made an erroneous attack can never be full of persistence and determination.Half-turned, the shield swept into the air.At this time, the dragon's morning, which had already seemed to be out of balance, suddenly disappeared. The left-handed shield of light shines back on the chest, and the entire person makes a movement in the air that is nearly bending. The shield of the light shines on the edge of the night shield.The Night Spirit used a great deal of spiritual power. His shields almost all turned into gold. Even if he just squatted, it changed the path of Long Yuchen's body to fall. The whole person instantly circling several turns.Hey, the epee was inserted into the ground, and a strong golden circle suddenly broke out around Long Haochen.Ascend Tianzheng and discipline the Cavaliers' third-order skills.Even Nightingale did not expect that Long Hao Chen would use this method to close the body, and the body flexibility is actually strong enough to be such a point, can force to change the stature in the air. At this point, the shield he fired was in a raised position. The spiritual power that erupts in Tian Tianzheng can't hurt the night, but his arm that impacts once again rises upwards, unable to recover the shield in the first time. He also burst out a lot of golden energy to form a protective shield.The epee was inserted into the ground and used for the uprising of Long Haochen. At the same time, he stabbed his stature with the epee, and the shield of his shining light in the left hand gestured across the surface. The brightest golden radiance of the shield of light shined from him. , Yoo Ye to the waist of the night.The night's right hand was finally moving, and he caught his hand on the shield of glory, but the surprise in his eyes almost instantly turned into horror.The dazzling golden light erupted in his hands. Although he also released a guardian body, his body shook slightly under the impact of this golden light, and withdrew half a step.Long Haochen was also taken aback. He had done his best. The light that erupted from the shining shield was the fourth-order knight skill. Today he can use the strongest attacking skills! Even if the edge of the shield is not sharp, it can be caught by the night with one hand and one can imagine how big they are.