Chapter X: Night Sura (2)Nighttime right-handed forward to send, will Long Zhen Chen Zhen retreat three or four steps."Well, you won. I lost in being smitten by your appearance and thus annihilated the enemy. This is a fatal mistake. Thank you for giving me this lesson." As she said, Nightingale's right hand clasped his left chest against the dragon. In the morning, a knight ceremony was performed.Long Haochen hurried back, "Thank you, the instructor."The knights who were running stopped completely at this time and stared blankly at this side. Although they did not see how the night was lost, this fact was just too shocking. In particular, Xiulura actually performed a knight ceremony for a trainee. It's almost as if a cat is just kissing a mouse."What are you guys doing? When Lao Tzu's words are farts? Run for me and run 50 more laps." Only the next moment, the nights in their hearts were restored to Shura's style. Angry roared and scared the knights to start again.“You come with me.” After the night of repair and repair, Luo once again said coldly to Long Haochen and then turned away.Long Haochen quickly followed up and walked into the knight's palace under the leadership of Nightingale.A large body seems to have long waited there, watching them come and smiling: "How? I'm not wrong.""The Lord of Narendra." Long Haochen called with some surprise.The master of that huge body was Nalan Yi. At this time, he was like an old fox. He smiled at Long Haochen and Xiuluo."Dead fat man." Night repair Luo cold cry.Nalan laughed and laughed and said: "Zombie's face, this time we have a chance to show up, but I forgot to tell you how old he is this year. In the morning, do you have 12?"Long Haochen shook his head and said: "I'm still twelve years old in four months.""What?" At night, when I was listening to this cold night, my face finally changed. I was shocked and mad at almost the same time.“Not even 12 years old? Can you use it when you are under the age of 12?” How could he not see what kind of skill Long before the morning was issued with a shield?Nalan Yiyang proudly said: "I'm not talking to you, we have come to the temple a masterpiece of genius, master you know? Second goods."Nightingale does not seem to care about Nalan Lan's sarcasm. The coldness of his face has become completely serious. He stares at Long Hao Chen said: "Since you will use the Japanese sundial and ascending Tianzheng, then you have always studied before. It's a retribution knight skill. Why don't you continue to choose disciplinary knight practice, but be a guardian knight?"Long Hao Chen did not hesitate to say: "I hope I have the ability to guard everything that I want to guard. My father told me that the power of a person is limited in the end. In the face of the Mozu protection of the home, the role of the guardian knight. It's much more than a disciplinary knight."Nightingale's eyes slightly brightened, slowly nodded and said: "Very good. Starting today, you follow me alone to learn to guard the knight skills. Without my permission, I can't play against other knights. Do you understand?"Long Haochen slightly shook his head and said: "However, will not enough actual combat affect my cultivation?"At night, Leng said, "Whenever you wait for me to beat me, say this sentence. Go to the test field and wait for me.""Yes." Long Haochen answered with a few doubts and once again turned to Nalanba and went away.Looking at the back of his departure, the sight of the Nightingale grew hotter. "Dying fat, where did you find such a baby?"Nalan Yiyang proudly said: "Zombie face, did not serve? Yesterday I told you that you do not believe, and now believe it. With the addition of this little guy, in the near future, we will have to put a large It's a splendid appearance, maybe it can be upgraded to become the main hall. And let those guys that crowd out of you see how powerful your apprentice is."Nightingale simply ignored Narendra's showing off and thought for a moment. "Do you know how much this little guy has before his spiritual power in the day?"Nalan Yi shook his head and said: "I don't know. I asked him if he refused to speak. However, I tested him with the current total spiritual power, as high as 268. I see, this little guy's first. Spiritual power will not be less than forty days in a day, and it may even be higher. What are you asking about this? Haven't you always been the most disrespectful of those who are strong in the first place?"The icy cold on Yeung Wah's face suddenly became a bit weird. "If the talent is really a substitute, I will not be confined to the Land Rider today. If my spiritual power can have more than fifty days before, God Seal of India There will be my presence on the plane. The detestable heavens have given me wisdom and understanding, but have deprived me of my talent."Nalan's hypertrophic palm covered his shoulder and said, "Well, you don't blame anyone else. Didn't this baby come to give you a chance to show off your talent? Even if you can't get in that position In the future, your disciple can do it, isn't it the same?”Nightingale took a deep breath, and the flush on the icy face was gradually retired because of the excitement. "Dead, thank you."Nalan laughed and laughed and said: "I still said this? If it weren't for you at the moment, my three pounds of fat already stayed on the battlefield."Nightingale Chen Sheng said: "You have to help me do a few things. First, starting today, unless it is to perform a cavalier level assessment, otherwise, the temple trial site, I would use alone. Second, the blockade The news, especially the news about the child's age, is strictly sealed. In particular, other main halls and sub-divisions should not be known. After the two-and-a-half-year trial of the hunting mob, I want to make this child a blockbuster.""Okay, no problem. However, you shouldn't be too eager to have a zombie face. In any case, you shouldn't hurt the child. Defeating will only have the opposite effect."The faint light of the night: "This child is stronger than you think. I see hope from him not because of his age and talent, but because of his attachment. Knights of the ten criteria, at least he Has realized the bravery and perseverance.And, this is the brother does not defeat the child, and has the unusual observation and the unimaginative imagination. Although two and a half years time is short, but I believe that he can still be shocked The entire temple."Nalan Yi slightly dagger, said: "Or that sentence, do not be too eager to be successful. The child's origin I can not tell you, but perhaps in the near future, he can become our human hope."Evening laughed, and his cold face smiled. It was ugly than crying, but Nalan Yi was sure that he was laughing. In his face, there was a smile that had not been seen for at least a decade.While laughing, Nightingly walked out and his voice drifted into Narendra's ear. "I value this child more than you. He will be a continuation of my dream."Long Haochen did not know that he had just escaped from his father's hell-trained tiger's den, but he had also entered into a shamanic palm with a bit of paranoia.From this day onwards, the knight's sanctuary, the general instructor of the Zhaiyuedian Temple, and the Nightingale with Shura's nickname abruptly ended his coaching in the Cavaliers' Palace. Nalanyi personally replaced the general instructor. The short-lived young knight disappeared.