Chapter Ten Night Sura (3)Many people are speculating that the young knight will not be a descendant of a big man, but it is abused by the night-time Chinese. So much so that the big man was relieved of the position of the Shura teacher. Of course, anyway, it's a good thing for the knights. They don't have to face the zombie face every day, and they don't have to go for hellish training.One day and a day passed, even Li Xin, who was most familiar with Long Haochen, rarely saw him. Just know that he was alone in the guidance of Shura Xiuluo. Even if it was to meet, Long Haochen did not mention his teacher's teaching method.The meals in the House of Haoyue are quite good, not to mention the fact that Long Haochen is a person who opens up a small stove. Cultivation improves his physical condition and has the nourishment of adequate nutrition, which makes his body grow very quickly. It was only a bit of a surprise that his facial lines had softened again and became more radiant.Dangdang, Dang, Dang, intensive weapon collisions and sacred light bursts were completely blocked by the magical array around the test field. It is also not possible to feel outside.A shadow was knocked out, and he flew more than twenty meters into the wall before sliding down.The height of this crashed plane was about one-sevenths of a seven. It looked not as strong, but it was very slender. It was a light blue, black hair, and gold, face, crown, lips, and eyebrows. It was extremely soft, with fair and delicate skin, with no visible pores. If you put on women's clothing, there is definitely the potential to laugh all over the city."Long Haochen, give me up, you this waste, how do I teach you? In the face of strength far more than their own opponents, hard touch is the most unwise choice. Is it because I said you are a soft egg you Can not help it? The guardian knight, the most important thing is to forbear. Come again."The young boy who was hit by flying was undoubtedly Long Haochen who was alone and guided by Shura.In two years, he had an amazing growth. Although Xiula Luo was far from being able to compare with his father, he taught him how to practice. Long Haochen felt faintly that he had many teachers of Shura. The idea of ​​the place was even unmatched by my father. Especially his creative ideas, his understanding and derivation of his skills, he is not limited to doing things and everything is practical.Of course, following the practice of Xiulu Xiu Luo is absolutely not a matter of happiness. At night, Shura's temper was worthy of Shura's two-character title. His dissatisfaction was immediately kicked and kicked.As for the actual battle that Long Haochen said at the beginning, Xiu Xialu fully met him.Night Shura's actual combat of Long Haochen was different from that of Long Xingyu. Long Xingyu does not use spiritual power at all, but uses skill to attack Long Yuchen and develop his skill.However, Xiu Xialu did not, this teacher seems to be really from hell, every time the actual combat will go all out, at best, only a little mercy, will not really hurt the dragon's bones only. Typically small bully.In this kind of oppressive combat, the growth rate of Long Haochen is amazing. Every day he meditation after exhaustion, his own potential is also inspired by a little bit.Only the gap between the two mentoring is too big, not two years to make up for it, although with the repair as an upgrade, Long Haochen's spiritual power is also increasing faster and faster, but from the night Shura But there is still a big gap.It should be noted that the knight’s spiritual power requirements are between 201 and 500, and the knight's spiritual power requirements are between 2101 and 4000. This is almost a 10-fold difference. This is true for any profession. This is the reason why the gap between the high-level strong and the low-level strong is greater.For example, the father of Long Haochen, the dragon star who is the god of the Indian seal, the starting point of the spiritual power of the nine-step career is one hundred thousand.A collision and a whistle sounded almost at the same time, and the battle in the trial room temporarily stopped.The reason is very simple, because Long Haochen relied on the Shield of Glory in his hand to block the night epee.Intense golden light is constantly being released from the two men and women, although Nightingale said that the suspension, but Long Hao Chen did not dare to effect. The teacher himself often does something unexpected, such as: sneak attack."It can block me from a blow, although it is based on God's defense. However, your spiritual power should have already been broken. Take an hour off, and then carry out a spiritual test." Here, the Nightingale's cold face Can not help but reveal a smile. Every time Long Haochen leap forward, he will show a smile. Of course, Long Haochen never looked at his facial expression like a smile. Imagine a stiff face, a sudden twitching of facial muscles, and in addition to being more stunned, what else can be done..."Boom -" dazzling golden light almost instantly illuminated the entire test field, as if it were plated with gold.Nightingale reverberating: "One thousand and fourteen. Very good. You finally broke through a thousand, and I judged the same. I have stayed in the fifth and fifth grades for six years. My spiritual power is about 3,000." about."If someone sees this scene beforehand and knows the exact age of Long Haochen, I am afraid the surprised jaw will fall.Spiritual force is the bottleneck for each integer threshold, which is similar to the bottleneck at the time of the last level breakthrough of each order. Evening is to be rejected at the integer threshold of 3,000 for spiritual power. No matter how hard or smart he is, he cannot break through this barrier. However, he clearly remembers that about a week ago, the spiritual power to test Long Haochen was only about 980. In other words, within a week, his spiritual power not only increased by more than 30 points, but also broke through a bottleneck."In the early morning, during the past few days when you practice inner spiritual power, is there any sense of astringency?" Nightingale asked.Long Haochen shook his head and said: "No, everything is normal.""Ah-" Nightingale suddenly burst into a nervous voice.On the other side of the street, Long Haochen looked at him calmly. Obviously, this was not the first time he had seen a teacher.For a long while, the emotions of the Nightingale seemed to have stabilized. They did not look at Long Haochen and said coldly: "Go back and pack things, and go out with me tomorrow.""Yes." Long Haochen retired his own shield of light and epee, respectfully performed a knight ceremony to the teacher and turned away.Seeing that Long Haochen disappeared outside the trial room gates, Nightingale once again rang up and roared with angrily, and said indignantly: “There is no heavenly sense, thief God, you bastard, do you have humanity! This little rabbit scorpion actually even The bottleneck didn’t feel like that, what level of talent would it take to achieve it? In two years, from the spiritual power of 268 breakthroughs to spiritual strength of 1014. Fuck, the temple group of old bastard is not Saying that under the age of 20, the growth rate of spiritual power will not be too fast. Can we accelerate growth after reaching the age of twenty? This group of Gods sticks, do you see it? A spiritual power of thirteen, one of your sisters, and four Grand Knight! This talent is even one-fifth of my talent, and Laozi is at least a shining knight."Long Haochen returned to the room, cleaned her body and put on a clean coat. After simply eating something and preparing to return to the house, there was a knock on the outside.