Chapter Ten Night Sura (4)Although occasionally able to meet the face, but when Li Xin saw the handsome appearance of Long Haochen, still could not help but stay for a while, especially his body after bath a faint aroma."I just finished practicing after seeing you come back, then come and see you." Li Xin said with a blank smile, while still touching the long wet hair.Long Haochen had some embarrassing remarks: "Sister, you'll sit there first. I'll pour you water.""Don't bother. I'll just take a look at you." Li Xin naturally walked into the shoulders of Long Haochen. Although Long Haochen was already one meter seven years old, Li Xin was only one-and-a-half-five. The slender thighs, slender waistlines, and well-rounded hips did not know how many people were lost. But no one dared to play tricks on her rose from hell.Patting the shoulders of Long Haochen and pinching on his arm, Li Xin smiled and said, "It seems like it's solid. It's getting more and more charming. Sometimes, my sister really wants to sip you. How nice it would be if I could have you so good skin!"Long Haochen had some frustration: "Sister, you're here again. Do you think I want to do this? Maybe the parents give it to me. I have no choice. I'm just like my mother."Li Xin said with a chuckle: "Well, don't tease you. Let's just say something. After six months is the selection of the hunting mob. I have already broken through two big knights. This time I will try my best to become a hunting mob." I have already spoken to Uncle Nalan, and this time I will also take you to see and see the scene. After five years, you are less than 12 years old and you can proceed to the next selection of the slayers. It will also add some experience to you. But it is not easy to fix it at night, and you will have to say it yourself. Even uncle Nalan can't help him."Long Hao Chen Hehe smiled and said: "Well, I will go and say. Sister, tomorrow I will go out with a teacher Shura. I will tell him that time." He is also very helpless, night repair Luo Yan, He was not allowed to disclose any amendments to anyone, even including Nalandan. Narendra's words are used to describe this zombie's face is already full of sultry, and this time it is determined to be a blockbuster.Li Xin's eyes suddenly showed a bit of embarrassment. "My brother, although you can't tell me what you're doing right now, it's not bad to follow Xiu Xiuluo's practice. This time, we'll go to the Hunting Monster Selection Tournament. In addition to us, there are several other people, especially Lin Jiaxuan who is going to die. Going back you have to help my sister.”Long Haochen said in a silent way: "Sister, you have been in trouble for so long. Even if it is enough, I can see that although you are noisy when you meet, you can actually treat each other as a friend.""Hey, hey, hey, who treats her like a friend. OK, I'm gone, you have to work hard in the past six months." This girl has always been a vigorous and resolute style, and she walked away and touched Long Yuchen again. Wet hair left his residence.Looking at the back of her departure, Long Haochen's eyes showed a hint of warmth. Since the parents left, the only thing that made him feel warm is his sister. In his heart, Li Xin has long been treated as a pro-sister and worthy of his life.Long Haochen is not a person who is good at expressing, but he has a grateful heart.Return to your own quiet room. Sitting cross-legged, Long Haochen entered the final state almost the next moment. Talented people are not necessarily successful. Numerous geniuses fall on the path of cultivation, and countless geniuses collapse due to their character. Long Yuchen’s repairs can be promoted so fast that he is in a state of mind other than talent.With no distractions, his heart is like a mirror. When he is practicing, there will not be any distractions in his mind, and it will be much simpler than ordinary people.The gentle spiritual power gently waved from him, and a faint golden glow emerged from his body looming. In the middle of his chest, a thicker golden line appeared slowly, which fluctuates with the frequency of his heartbeat.The pure light of light was released from the dragon's morning. He who had the bright son's constitution was more likely to absorb the bright elements between heaven and earth than the average person. More importantly, along with his constant improvement in inner spirituality, Long Haochen discovered that his spiritual power within the divine light seemed to be more pure than other knights. This is found in the practice of guarding knight skills.The same skill, taught him Xiu Xiu Luo told him that he needs fifty spiritual energy to stimulate, but in fact, he only completed the use of thirty spiritual power.This secret he did not say, in his mind, although he knew that Xiu Xiu Luo was good for himself, he also regarded him as one of the closest people. However, Xiu Xiu Luo could not be in the position with Long Xingyu in his heart. compared to. Therefore, he always kept his father's words in mind and never exposed his own details. What's more, this is an incredible heritage for ordinary people.The looming golden light at the chest is the energy fluctuation of the Holy Spirit. This soul furnace has become gold in his body at this time, and he gazes at God during the meditation process. Long Haochen could see that the Holy Spirit in his chest was quietly suspended, and around it, the inner spiritual power was swirling around it as a funnel-shaped vortex.This group of inner spiritual powers, like a pale golden mist, rotates very slowly and slowly. When the meditation can be actuated, it will increase the rotation speed. But if they can't be pushed, they take two hours to spin a week.It seems that this inner spiritual exercise speed is too slow. However, in this seemingly arduous and slow rotation process, every six turns of the golden funnel vortex, the dragon's morning spiritual power will Add a little more.In other words, even if he does nothing at the moment, he can at least increase his spiritual power every day. Do not underestimate this spiritual power. One day a year, it is 365 points a year, that is to say, even if he only sleeps once a day, three years later, he can promote from the Grand Knight to the Earth Knight. realm.The journey of this funnel-shaped vortex began one month after he came here. When the inner spiritual power began to recover, it began to appear. At the beginning, Long Haochen did not notice that it was spinning at all, and he had to use his mind to go all out. Push it, it will run hard. Since then, after breaking through a thousand spiritual powers, it has been able to operate on its own every day. Long Yuchen's cultivation speed is absolutely amazing.Naturally, it was impossible for Long Haochen to sleep well. His diligence and overnight Shura did not pick faults.Perceiving, attracting, absorbing, assimilation, filtering, cohesion, this is the whole process of the spiritual power in Long Haochen's practice. Soon, he entered the state of being settled.Long Haochen arrived in front of Shura Xiu on time."We go." Night repair Luo is still a zombie face."Teacher, where are we going?"A strong excitement appeared like a volcanic eruption in the heart of Long Haochen. The red unicorn, whose redness was as hot as its speed, was beckoning to him, and Long Haochen shouted in his heart. "I will also have my own mount."