Chapter XI Knight Mount (1)Night Shura's wearing today is different from the past. A silver-light armor covered the whole body. In addition to the usual shields used during the training of Long Haochen, there was one more epee carried on his back, plus a portable sac to throw it to Long Yuchen. Let him earn in the ring of forget-me-nots.Long Haochen's dress is even simpler, not even Jiayi, just a sword and a shield, the shield or Li Xin sent him a shield of glory."Teacher, aren't we going to the Cavalier Sanctuary?" Long Haochen looked at him with a puzzled look and went back. It seemed that he was going to go back to the temple."You just follow," said Xiuluo faintly.This is also the question of Long Haochen. For individuals, I'm afraid he'll be drowned for a long time.Into the training field, at this time, the training of the knights has not yet begun. Most people estimate that they will have breakfast in the canteen and the training room is quiet.At night Shura stopped, and his right hand lifted, pointing to a virtual sword in the air. The pale golden light condensed into a golden rune in the air.Such an action was seen in Long Haochen. At the beginning, Li Xin had used it. Is it the way to summon a mount? Can you say that the teacher himself was a knight before he was twenty years old, and he had been to the Cavalier Mount?The golden light rises, and the golden cheeks win the eye, transforming a golden light gate, accompanied by a long buzzing, and a figure emerges from the golden light.When seeing this figure, Long Haochen couldn't help but stare. He spent two years practicing with Nightingale, but this was the first time he saw Yeohua's mount.It was a large bird that was bred as a pale yellow. It came out of the golden light and was more than two-and-five meters tall. The yellow feathers on the body were unusually round and the head was slightly rounded. The body is very thick, with a layer of ochre light shining through it.While following his father's practice, Long Xingyu teaches him all kinds of knowledge in addition to training him every day. Naturally, he knows about Warcraft.After a brief shock, Long Haochen had already recognized that this was a rare earth-moving flight of Warcraft.In general, the flying world of warcraft is the most wind system, the rest of the department also has, but the most rare earth system. The six-level Sui Yue carving may not be very strong in terms of flight speed, but whether it is loaded with gravity or defensive power is unmatched by the same level of flying Warcraft."The teacher, you are the Sky Knight." Long Haochen said with some envy.Knight's fifth-grade career, have a flying World of Warcraft mounts can be called the Sky Knight, otherwise they are all earth Knight. There is no doubt that the Sky Knight is naturally more powerful in the same order.In the eyes of Xiulu Luo, the rare color of gentleness was revealed, and then Zhai Yue sculpted his head and let him stroke his feet for two strokes. Then he unfurled a huge wing that was five meters wide and squatted slightly.Night repair Luo Yi Lalon morning, floating up and fell on the back of the carving of Daiyue. Not yet waiting for Long Haochen to respond, the wind raged, and Sui Yuediao took a few steps to run. The huge wings of a pair of swatting shots were already flying with the two men.Long Haochen this is the first time to take a flying World of Warcraft, suddenly a little nervous, subconsciously grasping the mane behind the Yue carving.The scenery under the feet quickly became smaller. Soon, Sui Yue carvings had brought them into the air.A layer of pale yellow earth elements was released from Suiyue carving, covering the dragon's morning and night, so that they would not be blown by the wind, and the wings would continue to flap, and they would have gone far away.Long Haochen knows that the Lord’s Warcraft mount is in harmony with the owner, and that the Yue carvings naturally know where to go.Soon, Haoyue City gradually became smaller at the foot of their feet, and Suiyue Ding carved up to a height of nearly 1,000 meters before entering the state of flying. Sitting on its wide back, it was surprisingly smooth.After all, Long Haochen was less than fourteen years old. He was such a wonderful sight that he still felt for the first time. It was obviously an adult Warcraft, and the feeling of flying was really wonderful. If this is the time to go to the knights, you can have such a World of Warcraft is also very good!Evening light: "Is envy you?"Long Haochen nodded his head unabashedly.Nightingale said: "You have the same opportunity. Now I'll tell you about some of the places where Knights' Sacred Hill seeks out Warcraft partners. You have to keep in mind."Evening Road: "The Knight Mount of Sacred Mountains is a magical place created by the ancestors of the Knights Templar. It was built on the foothills of the mountain and was created through the efforts of several generations of people. Accurately speaking, the Knights of Mount Sacred Mount itself is a huge one. As long as it is within the range of the Holy Mountain, no matter what the level of World of Warcraft, it will have a closeness to humans, and its own power will be suppressed."“In the knights of Mount Athos, the longer the life of Warcraft, the more psychic it is. When humans enter the holy mountain, all those under the age of twenty, with more than two hundred spiritual powers, and divine light attributes, and my knights’ holy reminders, will Get these natural closeness to Warcraft.""What you have to keep in mind is that where you are looking for a partner to spend the rest of your life with you, not a simple rider. It will be your most faithful friend. Unless you die, it will surely accompany you for a lifetime. Even more reliable than your future partner.”"To find a mount on the Cavalier Mount Athos has a strong element of luck. As soon as you get to step into the holy mountain, you will be able to find a suitable partner for you. If there is no fate, even if you stay there for ten years In a hundred years, there is no World of Warcraft willing to answer you. Therefore, after entering the Mount of Knights, in a sense, it is a process of finding out the fate."When I heard this, Long Haochen asked, "Teacher, how can I find this fate?"Nightingale sighed, gently stroking the armpits of the sculpted body of the scorpion. “Everyone’s fate is different. When I met Yanyue eagle, it was only a foot high, for the first time. When I saw it, I felt a strong feeling of closeness in my heart, it naturally came to me, flew up and landed on my shoulders. With the Temple Token, I easily completed an equality contract with it. The program has so far accompanied me for more than 30 years. Therefore, after entering the Sacred Mountains, we must not force them to do everything. It is natural for them to meet the fate of yourselves. It will naturally become a help for your life.""Most of World of Warcraft in the Knights of Mount Sacred will not attack humans, but there are also some grumpy, when you enter its territory, it will remind you. In this World of Warcraft, the Temple token will be displayed Do not easily try to enter its territory. If it thinks that you are related to it, it will naturally come to you. This kind of Warcraft is often a strong presence in the Sacred Mountains."Long Haochen remembered the instructions of Nightingale one by one and did not dare to care about it. The partner, the teacher said yes, I will have my own ride partner in the future. But what about my mount?"Isn't the teacher looking for a mount in the holy mountain has anything to do with my own talent?" Long Haochen asked curiously.Nightingale nodded and said: "Of course it is related. In simple terms, the mount's recognition of you is equivalent to the recognition of your talent. The more powerful World of Warcraft, the higher the demand for their partners. That said, my original luck was really good."