Chapter I The Evaluation of Servant Knights (4)Through the sun shrouded in the shadow of the trees, Long Haochen saw the appearance of one of the black men. He almost exclaimed. Because the man's face was covered with black hair, and the yellow eyes looked particularly abominable, that is, his nose was twitching and smelling.At this time, a cold voice rang in the woods. "That's it. Now that you have chased it, you don't need to go back."A crystal clear light appeared quietly in the air, and with a touch of beautiful arc flashed like a flash of lightning in the woods. The body of the seven or eight black men that had been chased after had all stiffened and fell to the ground the next moment.Long Haochen only felt that he was in front of a flower. A masked white man suddenly appeared not far ahead. Immediately afterwards, the shocking scene appeared in his vision. Also did not see how the white clothing man moves, from his chest position, thousands of lit light out. In a flash, it seemed that the whole forest was lit up by this light. Akira's Long Haochen did not open her eyes.When he saw everything before him, he suddenly realized that the black men who had fallen to the ground had all disappeared, and only the white ones stood there quietly.All this happened was too fast. It was almost just a flower in front of Long Haochen, and everything had settled down. It seemed as if those people who had been disgusted with were never seen before.The white man turned slowly and looked at the direction where Long Haochen and the dumb daughter were in. The faint words were: "Come out."Long Haochen had a tight heart. It was obvious that the other party had found himself. At the same time, he also saw the white man's eyes. It was a pair of eyes with no emotions. His eyes were black, but his pupils seemed to be gray. A black and long hair was simply pulled up behind his head. The simple white attire did not have any decoration.The strength of the white man made Long Haochen tremble. He was still only nine years old. However, when he looked down to see the pale face of the young dumb woman, he suddenly burst into blood.The first little girl gently shook her head and motioned for her not to say anything, then she pressed her hands to the ground and jumped out of the bushes. At the same time, he pulled out the wooden sword behind him.The white man stood there and did not move, but even so, Long Haochen could sense instinctively that this man was even more dangerous than the best beast he had ever seen.Long Haochen did not make any noise, but he held his wooden sword with both hands and kept a firm eye on the white man in front of him. He just now hopes that the white man in front of him will not find the little dumb woman.“We should go back.” The voice of the white man did not have any sentimentality. The simple words allowed Long Haochen to feel the chill of ice and snow.It was at this time that, with a bang, a petite figure appeared in front of Long Haochen. He was surprised to find that the figure that he did not see clearly at the speed was actually the little dumb woman who had been protected by herself. .Her speed is so fast! Long Hao stayed in the morning.The young dumb woman opened her arms and used her thin and small body to stand in front of Long Haochen. She looked firmly and stubbornly at the white man in front of him and shook her head vigorously.The emotionless eyes of the white man seemed to move. The next moment, his body moved, like an elegant white light flashed. And the young dumb woman who was in front of Long Hao’s morning actually moved and the speed was also very fast.Long Haochen’s observation is far more than that of his peers, but he can only see that the deaf girl’s hands seem to have more than one short dagger. When the body leans forward, it makes several irregular rules. It is like a vicious little tiger. Is it only that speed, I am afraid we must have more than twenty spiritual power to have it?Unfortunately, the little dumb woman clearly has an insurmountable gap with the white one. It is only a breath time and everything is quiet.The dagger in the hands of the deaf girl disappeared. The entire person was also pinched by the white man. How did the white man do it? Long Haochen did not read it clearly."Let her go." Long Haochen shouted, stepping with a very standard knight, and the wooden sword in his hand went toward the white people. At this time, he simply forgot how scary this person was in front of him, and he only wanted to save the young lady.When Juli came, Long Haochen even took his wooden sword down and instantly fell into darkness. The white people only lifted their hands.The little dumb woman caught in her arms was struggling. The white man suddenly started to feel surprised because he felt that the little girl under his knees was beginning to emit hot temperatures. A layer of dark red light began to come from her skin. It floats down."Be quiet, I will not harm him." The voice of the white people finally got a bit more human emotions and seemed to be helpless.The dumb woman stopped struggling and looked up at the white clothes.The white man nodded to her and stepped out. He came to the front of the dragon's morning, squatted down and groped with his one hand on Long Haochen's body. Even his pretty little face did not let go. .A moment later, the white man frowned slowly, "in the middle of the qualifications, but the lack of bone development, his temperament and qualifications are more suitable to be a knight." As he said, he has let go of the deaf woman.The dumb lady quickly gestured to him more than a few gestures.White humanity: "His future achievements? Not easy to say. From a qualification point of view, being able to become a knight can be a godsend. But only when he is eight or nine years old can he have the Cavaliers' ten codes of compassion, Bravery, perseverance, and sacrificing these four temperaments will inevitably limit the future. An excellent knight, especially a guardian knight, tends to be more demanding than a qualified one."The young dude pointed to herself and pointed to Long Haochen, then gestured several gestures.The white man nodded and said: "Well, his courage just now is enough to get this reward."A white light from the chest of the white man quietly light up, vaguely able to see the white light presented as a small stove shape, the furnace has a pale blue flame shining.The white man's right hand stretched out on the food and the second finger, gently rubbed it on the blue flame and then quickly landed on Long Yuchen's body. Using a smear mark, he took a blue light flame.After a while, the blue light and white light converged and fell into the body of the white man. His eyes were obviously tired."Well, I helped him comb the twelve verses with the help of the spirit furnace, burned down the impurities in the twelve verses, and at least raised his potential to a higher level. This time your trial is over, let's go back." ."While talking, the white man slowly stood up and waved to the young dumb woman.The deaf woman walked quickly to Long Haochen, and took a blue-colored ring from her own hand and wore a gold-forget-me-nots ring. He wore a ring in the left middle finger of Long Haochen. It is strange to say that the little ring on the fingers of Long Haochen's fingertips expanded to a certain extent and fits perfectly with his fingers."Ciel, you..." The white man exclaimed in a low voice. However, he ushered in, but it is the stubborn female obstinate stubborn eyes. She picked up the wild herbs picked up by Long Haochen before him and returned to the white clothes.The white man's brow wrinkled, and after a long period of silence, he nodded slowly, pulling up the young woman's hand, leaping up and disappearing into the depths of the woods.