Chapter XI Knight Mount (2)As he said, Evening's eyes became very tender."Ah, do you know how much my spiritual power is in the first day?" Nightingale asked. At this time, he could not hear half of the cold in his voice.Nightingale: "My spiritual power in the first day, only nine.""Ah?" Only nine? Long Haochen, however, clearly remembers what his father said, if the spiritual power within the first day does not exceed ten, it is difficult to break through the third-order career into the fourth-order.Evening laughed, laughing even worse than crying."Yeah, only nine. The thief God gave me a clever mind, but at the same time gave me such a gift of junk. Even though I have exhausted my mind, I have come up with myriad practice secrets, but in the end, I can only stop at it. Sky Knight realm. I am afraid that this life can not touch the level of the knight.""When I was 15 years old, I completed the practice of spiritualism and became a knight. At that time, I was ambitious and was called by all as a genius. However, on the day when the Divine Awakening was completed, In my case, it was like a sunny day, and it was a waste of energy in the first nine days of the day. This was a waste in the waste. The teacher who had never given me much importance was never willing to teach me anything. I didn’t even tell the knights of Mount Ayu. I can't be reconciled to a fifteen-year-old who is only fifteen. I don’t believe it, I don’t believe it can’t be a formidable knight if the spiritual power is lower in the first few days. I’m really reconciled to it. I’m sure, with my own efforts, I’m sure Be able to break through and break through the bondage of heaven.""So I relied on my own legs and walked to the Temple of the Knights and demanded my power from the temple. Later, with my own legs, I walked up to the Mount of Knights and into the holy mountain. When a knight under the age of twenty entered, he could only stay for a maximum of one month. If he could not find his fate for a month, he would be sent out of the holy mountain by the token of the temple.""I searched day after day, and I searched every day. Every time I saw a World of Warcraft, even if it was only two or three weak World of Warcraft, I would like to communicate with them. But even these weak guys, even I don't see me."“Time has passed day by day. Finally, one month’s time has come and seeing I’m going to be sent away. I really can't be reconciled. I really can't be reconciled! I grow up and shout, I burst into tears of anger. Hey, I know that if it were sent out, I would really only be a waste, and there would be no chance of becoming a mighty knight."“At this moment, I met it. It heard my cry, fell from the sky and landed on my shoulders. It seemed to read the pain in my heart. From then on, it became my only loved one. Become my best partner. I would like to protect it with my own life. It is like my closest brother."Speaking of this, there has always been a cold night, even in the eyes of tears, and that Yan Yue carved slowly turned his head, his eyes gave him a gentle look, seems to be comforting him.Nightingale gently patted its back, "rest assured, old man, I'm fine."“I was an orphan in the early morning. In this world, I never experienced a real affection. The original me did not believe in anything like the imaginary of fate. I met this good brother until I met it. I came to understand that fate really existed, it made me feel the presence of affection, it constantly inspired me to use all kinds of methods to practice hard.I spent 20 years, from a waste, gradually break through to the sky Knight's realm, which has been subjected to countless bottlenecks, is such a feeling that talented children like you can never understand.""There are only so many things a teacher wants to tell you. That is, when you have your own partner, be sure to treat it well and really treat it as your loved one. You may have only one fate in your life. It must be properly seized. Protect it properly. Otherwise, once it has fallen, you will regret for life."Listening to the feelings of the Nightingale, Long Haochen's double fists are unknowingly clenched. Both the teacher himself and the sinuous Yue carving underneath are full of respect.There are a lot of hard work, but what do you think of as a teacher? If you only have the same talent as a teacher, can you, like a teacher, fight for a goal that is almost impossible to accomplish for decades?"Teacher, you can rest assured that I understand. I will use my life to protect my partner. Use my heart to communicate with it."Nightingale slightly bowed his head. “Although Narendra’s fatness won’t let me ask, but I’m really looking forward to knowing what is your spiritual power in the first day. This determines your goal for finding a mount. The more powerful The more lofty World of Warcraft, the more proud you are. I've never been able to see through your talents. Maybe, this time you can give the teacher a big surprise at the Knight Mountain.""Teacher, I..." Long Haochen looked at the Nightingale with some hesitation. Long Xingyu said to him that his spiritual power in the first days is an extremely important secret. However, in front of this teacher, this person is called Shura, but the heart is extremely hot, there are so persistent teachers, he really should still hide it?Nightingale waved his hand and sighed. "Forget it. It's your personal privacy. Narendra doesn't know fat people. You don't have to say it, and you don't save me.""Teacher, I tell you." Long Haochen almost blurted out. His most important feelings, just in that moment, the dark night of the eyes of Nightlight deeply stung his heart."Huh?” Nightinger’s eyes lit up and his eyes glinted at him.Long Hao took a deep breath and said: “Teacher, you have been teaching me all kinds of knowledge and skills about guardian knights for more than two years. Although you are severe, you even use snoring to force me. , But I know that everything you do is for me. Even if you follow your father's practice, many places are not as effective as your guidance. Without you, there is no improvement for me now. I hear Nalan Temple The Lord said that I am your only pro-disciple and you have taught me all the lessons that you have studied over the years.How can you not know what you are doing in the morning? In the early morning, you are like The teacher is like a father. For others, my secret is always a secret, but to you, I just told my father my secret.”Looking at Long Haochen, the muscles on Yeung Wah's face were a little touched. Slowly, don't let him go too far to allow him to see the glittering things that have appeared in his eyes. He never expected that he would be reticent on this weekday and never resist any hard training. A well-behaved disciple, like a beautiful little cat, would have made such a statement. Seemingly weak, he seems to have a strong heart.A few strange notes were spit out from the dragon's mouth, followed by a light golden glow that enveloped him and night.Aura Mask, third-order guardian knight defense skills. There is an effect of isolating skills and isolating part of the sound. Individual defense. With Long Lingchen's current spiritual power, he managed to cast his mask on him and his teacher.