Chapter XI Knight Mount (3)"Huh?" so cautious? Nightingale has some doubts and looks to Long Haochen. Long Haochen's voice also sounded at this time."My teacher, my spiritual power in the first day is 97.""Yeah." Nightingale promised to speak, at this time he was still immersed in the morning of the dragon as a teacher such as the father among the warm and comfortable in the heart can not tell the comfort. He had never been married and had such a astute baby apprentice. It was normal for his son to look at him."Seventy-seven. Ah? You said glutinous rice?" Nights fiercely flicked, and even a few drops in the eyes flew out. The voice has changed, what he called into a glutinous rice.Long Haochen smiled slightly and said: "I said not to tell you. I knew it would be the result."Nightingbird's body was obviously a bit squeaking, swallowing saliva vigorously, fiercely waving a hand, and a large number of powerful masks spread out from him in the morning, protecting them both men and women again."You, you said, is your spiritual power ninety-seven?" Nightingale's eyeballs are rushing out of his eyes.“No, this is not possible.” Nightingale said flatly, “When you just came to the branch, Narendra’s dead fat man evaluated you for spiritual power. The result was 268. The sacred awakening means that the external spiritual power is worth two hundred. Therefore, even if your talent is better, you cannot exceed the sixty-eighth spiritual power in the first day!"Long Haochen scratched his head and said: "At that time, my inner spiritual power actually reached more than 100. Only a fusion of a spiritual furnace, so the spiritual power within the temporary decline. Did not you find, I learned from you At about the month or so, has there been a significant increase in my inner spiritual power? That is, the spiritual power of the Fusion Spirit has recovered.”"Spirit furnace ... ... you, you still have a furnace ... ..." The night was almost a handful of Sui Yue carving mane down, his face looked crazy watching Long Haochen."Bad boy, you know what I want to do now?" Nightingale eyes fierce.Long Hao Chen stunned for a moment. "Teacher, what are you doing?"There is a kind of urge to tears in the night. "I want to kick you down. Why did you tell me, my sister? I'm just a mental illness. Why should I ask! It's just a shame!"In an hour's work, Nightlife slowly recovered from this unstable emotional state. But every time he looked back at the lush jade face of Long Haochen, he seemed to see a nine on his left face, a seven on his right face, and a spirit stove on his nose..."Teacher, according to your point of view, what kind of World of Warcraft is my contractual partner?" Until one more hour passed, the mood of Nightingale was completely stable, and Long Haochen asked him tentatively.Night glance gave him a look, "Nature is to cultivate the higher the better. With your potential, those seven or eight levels of Warcraft in front of you I am afraid will be self-defeating, there is no confidence in partnering with you. The best results , is to find a nine-year warcraft animal of Warcraft. By the way, what kind of furnace you have? "Asked, he took off his bladder from his waist and took a drink."Hey--" Nightingale had just sprayed the water from the entrance. "You, you, you have no humanity! Can you not be so cruel!" Nights face full of grief.Long Haochen doubted: "Teacher, are you all right? The Holy Spirit in the spirit furnace that we knights can fuse, looks like it is ranked in the last few."Nightingale yelled. "Follow up with you, I have to commit a heart attack. You understand the fart! That's right, the Holy Spirit's ranking is on the back. But did you know that we were knights? Of the three knights of the temple today, the two old men who guarded the knights have Holy Spirits.""I don't know," Long Haochen said honestly.Nightingale said: "The Holy Spirit Stove can be said to be the best spirit stove for the knights and the team. With a knight that incorporates Holy Stoves, any team can at least increase the number of times when they explore the ancient ruins. Thirty percent security. Fortunately, you have told me now. When we come back from the Mount of Knights this time, I will give you a good guide on how to use this Holy Spirit."Yan Yue carving continuously flies north, even if its flying speed is relatively weak in all six-level flying worlds, it is much faster than going from the ground.The Knight Mount is located in the northeast corner of the Temple Alliance, adjacent to the Knights Templar. It is far from the city of Haoyue City, which is located in the south of the Temple Alliance. Almost to cross the entire Temple Alliance area to reach.In the Temple Alliance, the location of the six major temples are all in the frontier, surrounded by a circle to protect the territory of the Temple Alliance. The Temple Alliance headquarters is located in the center of the territory, and the distance from the Sixth Temple is almost the same. It is because of the guardianship and shock of the six temples that the Mozu cannot continue to occupy human land for so many years.Among the six temples, the most powerful is the Knights Templar. The largest number is the Temple of the Warriors. The richest is the Temple of the Magi.The strength of the Knights Templar and the Warrior Temple can be extended to almost every village and town. The Sorcerer's Temple can at least cover every city above a small city.The Assassin Temple, Priest Temple, and Soul Temple have only a large number of members because of the scarcity of members. Even in medium-sized cities like Haoyue City, there are only the Priest Temple, the most mysterious Assassin Temple and There are no temples in the Temple of Soul.However, it does not mean that the strength of the three large temples is small. Each of them has its own strong capabilities and is an integral part of the Temple Alliance.Yan Yue carving's continuous flying ability is extremely strong. It only needs to rest on the ground once a day. Long Haochen had already told his teacher the most important secret, and he practiced his inner spiritual power on the back of his carving. Only at a moment's notice can feel his spiritual power continue to improve."Finally arrived, old man, drop it." Nightingale said with some joy.Long Haochen looked very far and was surprised to find that the distant place was full of golden brilliance, but it was somewhat hazy, and it could not be seen clearly.The range of light golden shrouds is extremely wide. In vagueness, it seems that it is a peak of a mountain.The Sui Yue carving slowly landed on the ground, and the huge wings of the fins brought a strong stream of air.Long Haochen followed the teacher to fall to the ground. The fifteen-day trip did not feel any tiredness for him. Every day in cultivation, his spiritual power has increased by about fifty points."Old man, you go back first."Ruan Yue carving lowered his head, reluctantly stunned in the night, who entered the counter-call summons released in the night."Isn't the teacher, Knight Hill has a forbidden circle? Why don't we fly directly? It seems that there must be more than a hundred miles to get it." Long Haochen asked.Evening News said: "There is no such thing as a forbidden space law, but you should not forget how many powerful World of Warcraft are in the Cavalier Mount. Although these Warcrafts will not actively attack humans, the alien World of Warcraft will fly over them, but it is Will annoy them. Unless your mount has the power to suppress all World of Warcraft here, or never try to cross. Let's go."The two men and women were about to march in the direction of the Mount of the Knights of the Knights. Suddenly, the wind blew up in the sky, and a huge figure descended from heaven.