Chapter XI Knight Mount (4)Long Haochen flipped his wrist and took off his shield of glory. Keeping vigilance is a required course for any of the knights.The huge figure slowly landed a few hundred feet away from them. Awesomeness is a flying Warcraft.This flying warfare engine is even more beautiful than the night sculpted Yue sculpted. It is about six meters in length, and the whole body is pale gold. The dragon's first bird body, behind the head and tail, has slender colored dragonflies. Afterwards, the wide wings gradually converged, and the head was raised and looked forward to.Seven Warcraft, Long Eagle. Long Haochen recognized the origin of this World of Warcraft at a glance.Dragon eagle but light attributes of flying Warcraft, for the knight, the light properties of the mount is the most precious, can greatly improve the knight's combat effectiveness.From the dragon's back, it was also a jump of two people. A middle-aged man took a boy. They have just landed, and they have their eyes on Long Yinchen’s side."Oh, who am I talking about? It was Nightingale Brothers. I haven't seen you for a long time!” The middle-aged man saw the night, first staggered, but he came quickly with a smile.Evening is still a cold look and does not greet it.This middle-aged man wore a pale gold armor, and apparently had a bright atmosphere. He had no weapons on his body and no helmet. He was allowed to wear a long golden hair behind him.It seemed that he was younger than Yee Wah, and the lines of his face were a bit feminine, especially a pair of slender eyes, giving the impression of a sharp edge in vagueness.The young man beside him is at least seven points like this middle-aged man, he is about 17 or 8 years old and tall. With a touch of faint arrogance on his face.The middle-aged man came to the front and smiled and said, "What? The Nightlife Brothers don't know me not. We haven't seen it for six or seven years. But we grew up together. Just far away. I saw your dragonfly carving, although this Warcraft is only six, but it is rare, it is estimated that you."Evening cold road: "ghosting, you still stink fart."The middle-aged man's face changed slightly, but the youth beside him could not help but angered: "What do you say?"“Shut up.” The middle-aged ghost smiled and his face had returned to normal. “Yuehua, but the teacher missed you very much. You left us to repair the city for many years. I didn’t go back to see the teacher. Lifelong father!"Nightingale's face became colder. "I don't need you to teach. Let's go." As she spoke, she ignored the ghosts and walked in the direction of the Mount of the Knights with the dragon's morning.Looking at the back of their distance, young people can't help but ask the ghost: "Dad, who is this? How is it so embarrassing?"The ghost said lightly: "It's just a waste. It was originally swept out by your teacher's ancestors. It looks like he was taking the young boy around to come to the Mount of Knights and Mount Chopin. The young boy doesn't seem to have you big yet. Enter the holy mountain." Afterwards, if there is a chance, it will create trouble for him."The young man nodded with some excitement. "I will let him know that he is powerful. If he interrupts one of his legs, I think there is something World of Warcraft is willing to be close to him."The ghostly eyes were slightly squint and the eyes flashed. The memories of decades ago surfaced slowly."Night Brother, you are about to become a knight. Why does your spiritual power rise so fast, is there any secret? Is it good to teach me?""Cultivation depends on your own efforts. There is no shortcut.""Oh, it must have been a teacher's bias to teach you a special cultivation method. Otherwise you're only three years older than me, and you're going to be a knight.""You dare to hit me? You dare to hit me...""It is you who fight, and dare not say what the teacher is. I will interrupt your limbs and throw you out of the main house of the city. Roll away, and don't let me see you again."That year, he was 12 years old and night owl was 15 years old."Ghost Wu, if there is a chance, interrupt the limbs of that boy." Said coldly, and the ghost was striding forward.The ghostly arrogant ghost squatted a little. "I'll break my limbs! Wouldn't it be cruel? However, I like it." The color of the bleakness flickered from his face.Nightingale walked silently forward, his face is still so cold, can be familiar with his Long Hao Chen can clearly feel the teacher's emotional fluctuations are somewhat unstable."Teacher, is that your enemy?" Long Haochen asked in a deep voice.Night Glance took him a look. "It was the same door I once had. The city of repairs, adjacent to the Temple Headquarters, one of the largest of the main city. My teacher, Knight Knights Templar Knight. Has a Mithril base war. Once I, at the age of thirteen, entered the Main Shrine of Xiucheng, breaking the third-order at the age of fifteen, and was reputed to be the first day of repairing the city in one hundred years. It was the teacher who passed the disciple. However, one step to heaven, one step to hell, when I was discovered first After nine days of spiritual power, genius became a waste, and I worked hard in the main temple of the city for two years, and my inner spiritual practice was extremely slow. Therefore, the teacher drove me out of the main temple of Xiucheng and was responsible for driving me away. Among the few people, there was a ghost. I was ridiculed to be the most fierce and wasteful of him."Having said this, Night Ghost closed his mouth, as if only to say that he had nothing to do with himself. However, the pace of his feet suddenly accelerated, and he moved like an arrow toward the front under the urging of the spiritual power.Long Haochen's fists couldn't help but tighten, and he swear in his heart that the teacher's shame would help him wash. Although Nightingale said it was simple, he could imagine that the teacher of that year must have been greatly stimulated to become this way. And that ghost is obviously one of the initiators.Looking back at the ghosts and their sons who landed outside of Baizhang, Long Hao's clear pale golden eyes revealed a faint trace of light.The distance from Baili is nothing for them. Less than an hour's work time, Long Haochen has already followed the Nightingale to the knights near Mount Ajima.The closer the knights to the Sacred Mountains, the brighter the atmosphere becomes. A mist of pale golden luster flared up in front of the towering peaks. Obviously, the knight Mount Say does not mean a mountain but a mountain range. The fog seemed to have become much more dispersed as they approached, so that nothing could not be seen.Gradually, they entered the range of light golden haze. Long Haochen was surprised to find that this pale golden haze seemed to be a very pure light element. After entering this haze, the light element was at least five times larger than the outside world. , And there is no impurity.“I feel it. The elements of light here are much richer than the outside world. The mountain range of the knights of Mount Athos is a huge circle of its own. It is composed of a mountain peak. These light elements are also absorbed by the law. If we are knights, Being able to practice here will certainly have a multiplier effect, but obviously, that is impossible, because it is the existence of these light elements that can suppress the beasts of Warcraft. Therefore, in the Mount of Knights, Do not allow any knight to practice, even if it is guarded elders will not work.Otherwise, once the balance of the light elements within the law is destroyed, then it is likely to cause a riot of Warcraft.When you enter it, the body of the spirit of self It doesn't matter if you're running, but you can't practice meditation."