Chapter Twelve Stars Unicorn (1)At night, Long Haochen felt a little sorry to hear the reminder of Nightlife. However, after entering this area, he clearly felt that the swirling speed of the funnel vortex around the soul furnace inside his chest was noticeably faster. Even if you don't practice meditation, your spiritual power won't be much slower."General name." A deep, old voice rang at this time.Long Haochen was taken aback. With the improvement of cultivation, his spiritual power became stronger. He did not know that his lack of spiritual power when using skills was not only the constitution of the bright son, but also a strong spiritual power. To a considerable extent. At this time, he did not find anyone close at all."The ghost of the main hall of the city of repairs was brought to the sacred mountain by the ghost prince Wu."The figure flashed, and the ghost that had always been behind him came to the front with his son. He stood by the mentor of the night and Long Yuchen.An old figure slowly came out from the front, his body was like a part of the pale golden haze, the atmosphere was completely covered by the haze.The old man had some hunched back, not to mention the armor, and even the samurai uniform was not even a simple gray commoner. There is a thin white hair around the bald head, and the wrinkles on his face can absolutely act as a weapon to catch mosquitoes and flies. There is no half-divine color in the dim eyes. The appearance of the wind and the remnants of the year can be as if a wind blow can end the life.“Yueyuedianyu night, took the disciple Long Haochen to come to Mount Athos to choose a rider.” The cold sound of Nightingale sounded, even if it was here, his habits could not be changed.The old man came very slowly and walked close. After Long Haochen saw his appearance, he could not help but be shocked.The old man had only one arm. His left arm was broken and his elbow was broken. His right eye was paralyzed. His face had a huge scar extending from the top of his head to the jaw. It seems that his head was once opened.While seeing the old man's appearance at the same time, Long Haochen also discovered that his own cold temperament teacher was actually showing a respectful look in his eyes and slowly bowing to the old man. The same is true of the ghost on the other side.Long Haochen did not dare to neglect and hurried to follow the teacher's respectful prayer.Although Ghost Wu also followed his father’s worship, he was not satisfied with how many points his eyes showed. He was the proudest figure in the city's main temple since his childhood. No matter whether he was in the Knights Templar or in repairing the city, whoever saw him was not polite. At this time, it is somewhat reluctant to bow down to such an old disabled person who is still in his old age.The old man unilaterally swept away from the four men in front of him, and said, with a bit of hoarse old voice: "Get your credentials."“Yes.” The ghost and Nightingale agreed in one voice, and the ghost was a step closer, handing a reel. Nightingale just glanced at him coldly, followed by a reel.The old man first looked at the scroll that the ghosts handed and nodded. Then, when watching the scrolls sent by Nightingale, a whisper was made in his mouth. His eyes could not help but fall on Long Haochen's body and he looked him up and down.Long Haochen knew vaguely that this scroll was all records after he entered the hall of the Luyue Lun, including his age and cultivation.At this time, he was watched by the one-eyed old man. His whole body had a feeling that he couldn't be shaped. It seemed that the dimly-lit unicorn had a strong penetrating power.The old man quickly glanced at him and then waved to Ghost Wu. "You come."The ghost touched his son and made a wink at him.Ghost Wu quickly stepped forward, at least on the surface is also respectful.The old man lifted his arm and he seemed to fall very casually on the shoulders of Guiwu. It seemed that he was struggling to subconsciously move his body. However, when the skinny palm fell on his shoulder, his whole body was instantly stiff and could not Move half a minute.A drop of sweat rushed down from the Gengwumenmao. He clearly felt that the old man's palm was like a mountain. Whatever he did was let him behave like a muddy cow into the sea."Uh, eighteen. Allow to enter. You can go." The latter sentence was to the ghost.Wrist turned, a long strip of tokens in the skinny hands, tokens dark. He handed the token into Guiwu's hands and said: "When you encounter different levels of Warcraft, tokens will appear in different colors, the lowest in Sacred Mountains, etc. World of Warcraft is secondary, the corresponding color is red, and so on, yellow, green, blue, Blue, purple, white, and silver.The nine is the ultimate.If there is gold, then it is met with aggressive World of Warcraft, as long as it does not have a sense of closeness to you in the first time, as soon as possible away.If there is Warcraft and If you are close, you can try to communicate with your heart.If you do not want to communicate with it, then continue to search for it yourself until you find the target.The time limit is 30 days. If you don't find a suitable World of Warcraft within 30 days, the token will show red gold. After ten seconds, you will be sent out and the token will be withdrawn. Do you understand?""Yes," Ghost Wu promised.In the old man's hand, the reel suddenly became fly ash, a gray energy wafted out, and dissolved in the black token in his hands. The flash on the token flashes back to normal."I would like to thank our predecessors." The ghostly respectfully saluted the old man and turned back to the range of the sacred mountains. Ghost Wu did not dare to neglect. He took a short look at the dragon's morning and stepped into the pale golden fog and disappeared instantly. not see.The old man beckoned to Long Hao’s morning move. “Then you, young man, let the old man feel the bone age. See if you can really surprise the old man.”"Yes." After reading the teacher's eyes, Long Haochen stepped forward, respectfully standing in front of the old man.The old man also put his hand on his shoulder and a warm feeling came in. Long Haochen did not move, but stood quietly there.After a moment, the old man flashed a surprise in his unilateral eyes. After recovering his hand, he looked at him again and again."Yueyuefendian." The old man replied.“The younger generation is in.” Nightingale took the first two steps and respectfully salutes.The old man took a unilateral look and looked at the Nightingale, saying: “This little monster is where you came from. It’s not even fourteen years old. It’s actually a great knight. And the spiritual power is too great. Even if it’s Ten years ago, when Long Xingyu was a little boy, he did not seem to have such a gift. This is a real genius! You would like to report to the temple and train him by the temple."Evening face slightly changed, he did not think that the protection of the elders in front of the Long Hao Chen moved the love of the heart, think about it, such as his wonderful 100 years may not have one."Predecessors, not juniors do not want to, but only half a year is the selection of the hunting demons. The younger generation is confident that his teaching is no worse than anyone else."After thinking slightly, the old man nodded and said, "Okay. The old man has too lazy to manage these foreign affairs. It's up to you. Hey, kid, what did you just say I heard clearly?"Long Haochen revered: "I heard it clearly."The old man nodded and said, "That's where you go. However, unlike you, you can break a big knight within 20 years of age and you can have more privileges than him. If you don't find a suitable horse for thirty days, So, you can enter the battle of the holy mountain to get a large array of random acquisitions of Warcraft as a mount of other planes. However, if you drag to that time, you can only take a chance, and you can certainly find the right World of Warcraft, but It's hard to say whether it's strong or weak, or even a World of Warcraft. So, you have to work harder for the 30 days of the Sacred Mountains. Understand?”