Chapter Twelve Stars Unicorn (2)"Well, you're going, too." The old man waved his hand, and the reel became light into another token and handed it to Long Haochen.Long Haochen turned to the night to perform a standard knight ceremony.“Come on.” Nightingale also salutes, his face once again showing a hint of stiff smile, but his gaze is fiery.Long Haochen only turned away and did not disappear into the golden haze.Looking at the back of his departure, Nightingale had to say goodbye and the monologous old man in front of him said indifferently: “This child is a rare good seedling. The little guy can cultivate such a disciple. You are very good.”There was a surprise in the eyes of Nightingale. "Thank you for your compliments."The old man said indifferently: "I never praise others and only tell the truth. You go too."Evening quit the haze, the respectful color in the eyes is undiminished, before coming here, he did not say to Long Haochen how the presence of the elders in the knights of the knight, because, not from the knights of the knight The rider's knight is not qualified to know.The Guardians of these Knights of Mount Athos, all Seventh-order Templars, completed their mission and surrendered Mithril’s base and trudged back down to provide for the elderly.There was even an eight-stage paladin even here. If it weren’t for the priests and Indian knights who would return the throne of the Indian seal at the time of their death, I am afraid there may even be a miracle.The Knights Templar is the head of the six major temples. In addition to the strength on the surface, the strength contained in this knight's holy mountain can definitely be described as horror.No one knows how many powerful knights have been retired in this holy mountain except for the knight. But no matter where you enter the holy mountain, you will meet the guardian here.The old man looked miserable just now, but at least he is also a seven-step strong man! Even if he is already disabled, even if it is night and ghosts, it cannot be an opponent of this old man. What's more, all the disability that he had on him was obtained in battle with the Mozu. It can be said that the guardians of the holy mountain are not true heroes.Even the three Knights of the Knights of the Knights of the Knights came here to salute these most respected elders. All of them are the pride and glory of the Knights Templar. Therefore, even if it is so exotic character, it will still be respectful when facing the old man.“Yuehua’s brother also came out? It looks like your younger disciple is not very young! It’s a rare thing for such a small knight. I don’t know if he is a knight!”The ghosts did not go far and saw the night out. The skin was laughing and laughing.Nightly glanced at him coldly. "Does this matter to you?"The ghost smiled and said: "Nature is not relevant. However, we have to wait here for not a short time. Why is it better to bet on it? Let's bet your apprentice and my son who can get a higher level of World of Warcraft mounts. If I win, I don't ask for anything else, as long as I let you pump back the slap you made that year. If you win, I lose you three thousand coins.The purchasing power of gold coins is quite strong. Three thousand gold coins are enough to buy a very good magic equipment.Night glanced at him coldly and said, “Because I have to wait until the slaying of Mooring Months to gamble again. The mount cannot decide everything. It is better than the ranks of the hunting demons. You dare? If I win, I also Don't ask for your gold coins, let me slap you again."The ghostly eyes were cold. "You're still so arrogant. How old is your apprentice, and you are going to participate in the hunting corps selection at such a young age? It's a big sneak sneak. You won't forget that the upper age limit of the slaying demons is Twenty-five."The faint light of the night: "You just dare to answer dare or dare not."The ghost pupil contracted. "Dare there is nothing I dare to do. Originally I was going to let Guiwu go to the Moorball Trials and try again. When he was 23 years old, he would be a blockbuster when he took part in the trial again. My son is already an eight-level knight this year. Maybe he can really reach the final stage and become a hunting monster.”Nightingale said: "Then we'll just wait and see. Clean your face so that I don't soil my hands."The spooky bleeps his face, but to say that he did not dare to do it here, this is the scope of the holy mountain, once the guardians were alerted, even if he was born in the main temple of repair can not afford.Long Hao morning into the haze, the light element seems to become more rich, and can not tell the comfortable. In his heart he thought, even if he had found a Warcraft partner, it looks like he should stay here for thirty days. He can clearly feel that his spiritual vortices have been more than twice as fast as the usual spiritual speed, which is almost the same as the speed of his meditation. In this case, he can increase his mental power at least three or four times a day.Walking forward, all of a sudden, in front of a cheerful, he seems to have passed through the fog, the front of the scene has become clear.Looking up into the air, he was surprised to discover that what he saw was not a fog but a clear blue sky. As if the outside world looks very ambiguous light golden haze has completely disappeared like.The bright and warm sun shone, and there was an uneven shadow in front of her eyes. The clean fresh air with plants instantly washed away all his tiredness.He was at the foot of a mountain at this time, and only the forest in front of him could be seen. A stout tree has a height of at least four to fifty meters. There are many kinds of plants in the mountains, but there is no way at all.The left hand takes off the shield of Glory, the right hand draws out the epee, and the black token is held with the hilt so that it can be observed at any time.With a bang, a yellow figure slammed in front of him and was a monkey of Warcraft. Falling on the tree squats not far away, and squatting toward Long Hao, it turned and ran away.What a magical circle! Long Haochen sighed in his heart. In the outside world, almost all of Warcraft is hostile to humans. Eighty percent of people encounter active attacks. After being baptized with the atmosphere of the Knights Temple, it was a lot more friendly. This knight is really a magical place.Looking down at the token in his hand, an orange light shines, showing just this Warcraft level is third-order.Do not dare to delay the time, Long Haochen stepped into the forest. Several notes spit out, a defensive mask of spirit releases, covering him. While walking forward, watch carefully everything around you.Nightingale told him that after entering the Mount of Knights, the first thing to do is to climb the top of a mountain. Only in this way can the direction be identified. Go inside the holy mountain. The closer you are to the center, the more powerful you will encounter.The vegetation in the mountains is too thick, so that Long Hao had to use his own epee to open the road, climbing speed is not very fast. It took half an hour to climb the top of the first mountain.On the way, he also met several World of Warcraft, but the level is not high, mostly three or four of Warcraft. After these Warcrafts saw him, they almost did not show any closeness.On the top of the mountain, the foreground of the eye suddenly appeared. The rolling mountains were clearly presented to him.This is a green sea. On the peaks in the distance, some particularly tall trees can be seen clearly from his position.