Chapter Twelve Stars Unicorn (3)Really beautiful! Long Haochen can not help but sigh, so open the magnificent scene, but also made him suddenly see the mood. Take a deep breath and the abundant light elements seem to rotate around his body. Resist the urge to sit and meditate, look for the direction of the center of the holy mountain, and accelerate.The range of the knights and holy mountains is great, and it is very difficult to travel. It was already five days later. Long Haochen had observed the mountaintop more than 10 times and found that he only entered a third of the distance, far from the center of the sacred mountain.Moreover, the more you walk inwards, the higher the peaks and the more difficult to climb.However, with the constant progress, he encountered the level of Warcraft has gradually increased. Five, six World of Warcraft endless. Unfortunately, there is still no World of Warcraft to him expressed closeness.In the Forget-me-nots ring, with enough dry food and water bladder, Long Haochen will rest about three hours a day. Although he did not dare to meditate, he could clearly feel that his spiritual power was improving."Yeah, water." After climbing up a mountain again, Long Haochen was surprised to see that there was a lake in the valley on the other side of the mountain.Viewed from the top of the mountain, the lake is like a huge sapphire embedded in the mountains, reflecting the sky's sunshine, just like a fairyland."That's great, the teacher said. World of Warcraft has the most water, and there are many strong. Maybe you can find my partner here."Without half delay, he rushed down the hill. Perhaps because of the goal, this time, he was moving very fast, and he took a moment to work.Far away, he had already seen some of the World of Warcraft drinking water on the lake, stopped and slowed down, slowly approaching the front.Soon he saw a spectacle of wonders. Long Haochen was shocked. What was that?A dozen unicorns drank water at the lake. The unicorns were obviously a group of people. They were all white and white. The bristles on the neck were golden, and a gold-threaded horn stood proudly on top of the head. Each unicorn has a pair of huge wings. The outermost bristles of the white wings are golden. Between walking, we can see a golden ring of light underneath them.The unicorn, without a doubt, is the Knight's favorite mount. They have strong fighting power both in the sky and on the ground. It is truly a powerful World of Warcraft. And the unicorn is gentle and relatively easy to tame. Of course, they are also arrogant. Only by conquering them or being seen by them can they conclude the contract.Starlight Unicorn is one of the best in the unicorn. Adult star unicorns are eight-level peak of Warcraft. Nine levels are just a step away. Second only to the sacred unicorn.Starlight Unicorn is a bright attribute of Warcraft. If you do a survey, ask what the knights are most likely to get? Well, at least half of people will choose it.Seeing the star-unicorn unicorn, Long Haochen almost stopped breathing, which is more powerful than her sister's rose unicorn!They are so beautiful. The lines of the body are simply the combination of force and beauty. The rich sacred atmosphere is so pure that it seems that the lakes they have touched have all shed light golden light.Taking a deep breath, Long Haochen put away his own epee and shield. He knew that his chance was coming.Calm your feelings as much as possible, and slowly walk towards those star-glazed unicorns.Even if it is not in the Mount of Knights, the kind-hearted Unicorn Unicorn will not easily attack humans, let alone being affected by the magic array here.Among the stars and unicorns, there is a particularly tall one. Its length is two feet long and its height is two feet. The length of a single horn is close to two feet. A pair of pale golden eyes burst into glory, and the other unicorns were drinking water, but it stood silently and observed everything around them.There is no doubt that this unicorn is the king here.After seeing Long Haochen slowly walk past, the star-little unicorn squatted slightly, and the forefoot of his right foot gently sawed the ground.Long Haochen quickly stood in stature, earnestly said: "Dear Starlit Unicorn, I am a Knight from the Knights Templar. Come here to find my partner. I wonder if I can communicate with you."High-level Warcraft intelligence is very high, even not inferior to humans. The more advanced World of Warcraft, the harder it is to get their recognition. Trying to communicate is the first step.This pair of starbursts, Unicorn's golden eyes, fell on Long Haochen's body. His eyes were visibly lighter than his pale, yet clearer eyes.The rich golden light rushes out from the top corner of his head and throws a golden light curtain over Long Yuchen’s body.Suddenly, Long Hao Chen also appeared with a faint layer of gold, especially his chest position, but also gold shining.The sacred atmosphere of filling allowed Long Haochen to feel the warmth and affinity. In his heart, he was overjoyed. The king of the unicorn, Ken, communicated with him and proved that he had the opportunity to be recognized. And there is that kind of feeling."Hello, human." A gentle male voice rang in Long Hao's mind.Although Long Xingyu had already told Long Haochen that the higher World of Warcraft had the ability to communicate with humans, but for the first time with this level of magic, it made him nervous. Quickly thought in my heart, "Hello, Star Shine Unicorn."Xingyao Unicorn said: "The light of your body is pure and even above me. It makes me feel comfortable."Long Haochen’s heartbeat suddenly accelerated. “So, can I be your partner?”The most critical moment has arrived. If the star unicorn agrees, then Long Haochen will have a powerful World of Warcraft 8 horsepower as a mount. This is not a juvenile unicorn! With such a powerful mount, even the Earth Knight is not necessarily his opponent.Xingyao Unicorn heard the silence of Long Yuchen’s question. The golden light released on the horn became more and more intense. Under the influence of this golden light, the dragon's rays shone in the morning, and the clear dawn reflected the figure of this unicorn."I really want to promise you." Star unicorn even used a honorific, "But, I can not deceive you."Long Haochen was shocked. "What do you mean by this?""Dear and bright son, I saw your light source. I really want to be your mount, your partner. If that is the case, in my lifetime, maybe I have advanced to become a 9 level of Warcraft. However, I can't do this because our unicorns are all honest. With my talent, I'm not qualified to serve the son of light. I'm sorry, but I can only reject you.""Ah?" Not qualified? Long Haochen immediately shocked. Even if this star shines unicorn that he is not qualified, he would not be so surprised. This is the strong presence of the eighth-order peak! It is not qualified, what kind of Warcraft partner do you want to find?"I'm afraid you're going to run for a while this time. As far as I know, not only I am not qualified in this Mount of Knights, even if they are a few of Warcraft 9 and their descendants, they are equally ineligible to be your partners. "The star unicorn said with some sigh.