Chapter Twelve Stars Unicorn (4)Long Hao morning stunned: "Then I want to find what kind of Warcraft can become my mount partner?"Xingyao Unicorn said: "You need a partner who is as gifted as you. How can such existence be confined to the range of the knights? The environment here is good, but unless the contract is signed, we will There is no real freedom. I can never leave here."Long Hao morning smiled and said: "Well, how can I find it?"Stars and Stars Unicorn said: "There is no chance at all. In this knightly mountain array, there is a core transmission matrix. Every time, there will be a new World of Warcraft. If those humans can make you directly If you choose to transmit the matrix, you may be able to get suitable partners, but it is also possible to get low-level partners.""Thank you." Long Haochen said some disappointments.The golden light retracted, and the star-lit unicorn nodded again to Long Haochen, then he turned his gaze to his own tribe."The apprentice of waste is also like a waste, and it is really ridiculous to want to get a mount like the Star-Year unicorn." A disdainful voice sounded. In the forest, a figure came out.Long Hao morning eyes condensate, eyes suddenly a little more angry.What came out of the forest was a huge monster with a length of twenty feet and a high ten feet.This whole body of Warcraft is red, the body is covered with heavy scales, the head is presented as a dragon, and the body is extraordinarily thick. On its back, sitting on one person, is it right than the first step of the dragon to enter the knights of the mountain knight?Chikato dragon, Yaron species, seven mid-level Warcraft. However, the sighting of the black dragon is clearly young. Although it can't fly, it is extremely powerful on the ground. Fire property.Just a few days of work, this ghost Wu actually found his own horse. From the point of view of the ranks, this black dragon is the same level as his father's dragon eagle."You are not allowed to insult my teacher." Long Haochen shouted.Ghost Wu snorted with disdain. "Not convinced? Okay! Come and fight me. Rest assured, I will not kill you. It will only interrupt your limbs." As he spoke, his hands flashed in his left hand. It was a shield, and the right hand had a long spear with a long handle.The knight's attack weapons are generally only two kinds of spears. Not to mention that already has a mount, even if this is not a black dragon, ghost Wu also have enough confidence to defeat Long Haochen.Picking a shield and drawing a sword, in the face of a ghost warrior riding a black dragon, Long Haochen did not bow. Just as he was ready to accept the challenge of Guiwu. Suddenly, a golden light emerged from him.The ghoulish golden light shrouded the ghosts and the royal armored dragon in an instant. The star of the star-glazed unicorn before it suddenly appeared beside Long Haochen.In the eyes of Chikana, there was apparent fear, and Ghost Wu also felt a strong oppression and felt a loss in his heart.Does he really get the approval of the star unicorn? No, this is not possible.But Ghost Wu is not a fool, how dare he contend with the powerful Warcraft of this top-eight peak, almost the first time to use Ling Li to mobilize that piece of token. Intense red golden light spreads instantly. The light flashed and sent him and the black dragon.The change in front of the eyes surprised Long Haochen. The star of the star unicorn slowly lowered his head and bowed on his shoulders. The soft eyes seemed to be saying that the dignity of the brightest son was not an offensive one. .Herod soon heard a whisper, and the star-lit unicorn saw the dragon's morning light again and suddenly ran out. Before the star-glare unicorns who were drinking water followed, they opened their wings behind. The dazzling golden brilliance soared and disappeared between the mountains in an instant.Some sluggish standing in place, Long Haochen was not immersed in loss for too long. Because Starcraft Unicorn is the most suitable to become a Knight horse, so whether it is Long Xingyu or night, has described to him in detail the characteristics of this World of Warcraft.Xingyao Unicorn is a symbol of light. They are good-natured and gentle. They can never lie, treat their partners, defend with their lives, and treat enemies without killing them. In the Temple Alliance, the prince of the maiden dreaming in the hearts of the girls is riding a star-unicorn unicorn!If it does not lie to me, I am afraid there will be no gain from this trip. You can only try your luck by sending the array, or I'll hunt WoW on my own to be tamed.There are strong uncertainties on these two roads, but there is no doubt that the former will have more chances. After all, getting Warcraft partners through the battle array has the potential to be a strong player. However, Hunting World of Warcraft is not possible. With its current cultivation, it can only combat five low-level World of Warcraft. Even the star-studded star unicorn of the 8th class says that it is not worthy of his talents, but how can he be willing to hunt for the 5th-generation World of Warcraft dragons?What's more, his goal is his own father, chasing his father's footsteps into a miracle. If the future of the Knights of God and India is only a fifth-class World of Warcraft as a companion, isn't it a big sneak attack?Just thinking for a moment, Long Haochen made the final decision. A gamble.Although the decision has been made, but Long Haochen did not send out from the Cavalier Mount in the first time, he can not tell the words of Xingyao unicorn to the guardian of the holy mountain it. In that case, he will have exposure to the child's physical constitution.Therefore, he only stays here to stay and wait for 30 days to speak. Moreover, although he believes that the star unicorn, but there is still a bit of luck. What kind of nine-level Warcraft should you look for him?The reality is always cruel, and there is no deviation in the words of the star-lit unicorn. In the next twenty days or so, Long Haochen almost crossed the entire Mount of Knights and Mount Awesome, and he also entered several nine-level World of Warcraft. Fields, but these Warcrafts did not even look at him at all, and they expelled him. One of the very aggressive World of Warcraft still almost hit him.Thirty days passed, and the dragon's morning tortoise showed a golden glow. The spread of light, into a circle of light curtains enveloped him, the next moment, Guanghua flashes, the eye foreground is a change.When the scenery is clear again, Long Haochen first sees his own teacher. Nightingly is looking anxiously waiting for 30 days, and Longquan morning did not take the initiative to send out a full thirty days, which means he did not find a suitable mount. How can this be possible? But he has a bright son's constitution! How could World of Warcraft not be close to him?The disabled old man was also watching Long Haochen alone being sent out. He was also slightly frowned upon, showing some doubts in his unilateral vision. Less than fourteen years old has a great knight's repairs, and those World of Warcraft should scramble to be his partner. Is it his vision too high?