Chapter 13 Long Haochen's Mounting Partner (1)In addition to the night and the guardian old man, ghosts, ghosts and fathers and sons are actually there.After Ghost Wu was sent out by the star unicorn, he felt uneasy, especially after listening to his father’s gambling with Night Glory. He quickly saw what he saw and heard from Long Haochen.The ghosts were also shocked. If the dragons had a mount like the star of the unicorn, their own son was never an opponent. Thus, the two fathers and sons were lucky enough to stay and practice outside the holy mountain. They waited for Long Hao to come out and see what kind of horse he had obtained.This is more than twenty days, watching the time will be completed Long Haochen has not yet appeared, ghosting these days the face has been filled with a smile, from time to time to pluck anxious night a few words.At this point, see Long Haochen really empty-handed, ghosts can not help but relieved, smiled and said to the Nightingale: "Night Chinese brother, do not forget our bets. Hunting Moss selection, I wait "You, Wu Er, let's go." As he said, he intentionally let Gui Wu summon the black dragon and galloped with his disdain and arrogance.Long Haochen's face was full of wrath on his face, and his cold eyes watched the ghost and son leave. This shame he has kept in mind."There is no gain?" Nightingale had some bitter ways. He never expected that his own apprentice even took his own steps, even worse than he himself.Long Haochen lowered his head and said: "I'm sorry teacher, let you down."The Guardian old man wondered: "How talented is your talent? How can there be no gain? Isn't that all that Warcraft is blind? It's strange."Long Haochen smiled and said: "I don't know why this happened. I crossed the whole holy mountain and met many World of Warcraft, but none of them were willing to be close to me."The old man sighed and said, "You don't care too much. Those who don't have strong mounts can also become strong players. The mounts have a lot to do with us, but they don't represent everything. How do you choose now? Either Afterwards, go hunting for Warcraft yourself, either, take a chance on my luck, but you must know that using the transport law to lead the mount, you must first conclude the contract in the priming process, only the World of Warcraft will be contracted with you. Were sent in. Although we can change the mounts, if we want to violate the equality contract, we must ride our partner to death.That's your teacher and I can give you a shot, but once you do this, it will certainly To leave a shadow in your heart will be detrimental to your future cultivation."Long Hao Chen did not hesitate to say: "Predecessors, I am willing to try your luck here."The old man nodded and said: "That's all right. But you don't want to report too much hope. The bigger the hope is, the bigger the disappointment is." When it comes to this, he seems to have thought of what happened. There was a slight loss in his unilateral vision.A golden token appeared in the hands of the old man and saw him waving with a big sleeve. A golden light curtain had already enveloped them. Over the light curtain, six strange symbols appeared one after another, and the surrounding space became distorted momentarily.Long Haochen vaguely understands that this is the old man's power with the help of the law, and then it is transmitted in a special way within the knights of the knight. It seems that the reason why they can find out that foreigners have entered is also inextricably linked to this law.Shining golden light, strong light stimulated Long Hao could not help but close her eyes. He was surprised to find that during this transmission process, the funnel vortex inside his chest suddenly turned violently, and the speed was at least ten times that of normal times.However, this process lasted only about ten seconds, and the vortex rotation speed suddenly dropped and returned to its original shape. Long Haochen opened his eyes and the surrounding scenery had changed.This turned out to be a cave in which a light gold jewel was inlaid. A faint golden light illuminates everything here.The light elements in the cave are not rich, and they are far less than the knights of the knight. At most, they are slightly stronger than the outside world.The cave is very large, looked up and looked up, the top at least twenty feet away from the ground, the entire cave is irregular round, looking ahead, at least more than Baizhang diameter, just like a huge square.But here is empty, no one exists.Long Hao looked down at the ground in the morning and he was surprised to find that there was a trapezoidal lattice on the ground. These lattices were closely connected and formed a huge ring to converge toward the center of this underground square. In every square, there is a symbol he does not know. At this time, these symbols are dimmed."Don't read it, don't say you don't understand, we old fellows don't understand it either. It's an ancient elves. An old race that has gone extinct. The ancestors of our knight's temple didn't know how to find it. Mysticism, our large array of knights and sacred mountains, is accomplished in many places with the help of the magic of ancient Elven spells.Here is one of the transmission methods, through which you can instantly connect with other parallel spaces. It takes a considerable amount of energy at a time, so your time is only a quarter of an hour. If within a quarter of an hour you can't find a contract to close the breath with you, then you probably have to go empty handed this time.”The old man's voice was somewhat regrettable. Like Long Haochen's talent, he was also only seen in his life. It is a pity that such a good young man cannot have a strong horse."Thank you for your predecessors." Long Haochen reverently salutes the old man.The old man nodded and said, "You've come to send a large array and sit down. After you start a big fight, you'll feel it."According to the old man, Long Haochen strode to the center of this underground square. Here is a circle with a diameter of about thirty feet. The center is the largest symbol.This symbol looks a bit like "like" but it is distorted. I don't know why. When Long Haochen saw this huge character, the Holy Spirit in his chest was slightly beating.Sitting cross-legged and sitting down, Long Hao Chen screens in addition to distractions, this is the last chance.Night's tension is not inferior to Long Haochen. His clenched fists are exposed on the blue veins. Even nails pierce into the palm of the hand.The old man slowly lifted the golden token in his hand. Night time saw it clearly. Only in an instant, the old man's right hand holding the token became transparent and gold-like, as if his hand was turned into a gem.The body of glory, the sign of the Knights of the Seventh Order, transforms itself into a part of the element of light. A Knight who is a powerful Templar can even transform the whole body into a glorious body. In this state, they can instantaneously double the spiritual power of their divine light. Although it can only be maintained for a short period of time, both attacks and defenses are doubled. What is the concept?