Chapter 13 Long Haochen's Mounted Partner (2)Soon, the Night Glory found that it was not just the hands of the old man that became the body of glory, but the few gray hairs he had sparsely turned into gold. Then, his head became transparent. The vast and sacred atmosphere of the mighty sea is like an explosive burst of bloom. The night of oppression retreats quickly, and it has been pasted to the outermost cliffs to stabilize its stature."The full version of the glorious body?" Nightingale almost exclaimed.This shinning body can be used as long as it is a seven-order Templar Knight, but the higher the cultivating, the greater the coverage of the shinning body on the body. Only the entire body is completely transformed into a bright, crystal-like appearance. It can be called the full version of the Shining Body. This is the symbol of the 9th Templar Knight! In other words, the single-eyed old man is either a more powerful eighth-order paladin or at least a nine-level knight. Such existence, if placed outside, can at least become the main hall of the Temple of the Knights.The size of the area covered by the Shining Body does not affect its effect, and it can only double the attack power. However, the higher the cultivation, the longer the duration of the body of glory.The old man shouted, and after the glorious body of the glorified body was suddenly injected into the golden token, suddenly, a full circle of golden glow suddenly spread.Where the golden light passes, the ancient elven text inside the trapezoidal grid on the ground is like being ignited, and all of them are shining. Suddenly, there is a strong and strange magical fluctuation in the whole cave.Nightingale leaned against the wall, watching the magnificent scene with his eyes blinking. The strange feeling seemed to make him touch the door of three thousand spiritual powers.When all the ancient Elvish symbols were completely ignited, the thousands of light patterns rose from these ancient elf symbols, and the strong golden light made the whole cave bright and shining.Long Haochen only felt shocked by the body, and it seemed that there were countless gigantic bright energies that permeated his body. At the same time, the Holy Spirit in his chest also drastically fluctuate. The light elements of the outside world, under the traction of the St. Juling, passed through the dragon's morning and was quietly retained to promote his funnel vortex.Thousands of golden light patterns began to rotate in one direction as they ascended upwards. It looked like a huge golden tornado, but there was no half-flow fluctuations. The element of light full of fear.Another fierce buzzing sound, light patterns gather at the apex of the cave, a huge circular golden vortex appears there, and at the same time, from this vortex, a golden light descends from heaven and will sit in the middle of a large transmission. Long Haochen shrouded.The voice of the one-eyed old man rang in Long Chenchen's ear. "When the pick begins, there will be countless WoW's breaths appearing in your perceptions. From these breaths, look for the use of equality contracts that give you closeness. Remember, Be sure to find the atmosphere that is closest to you. Otherwise, the contract will not be successful and naturally it will not be possible to bring it into our world."Long Haochen could clearly hear what the Ukulele said, but he did not answer because he was already immersed in a strange feeling.When the golden beam fell, Long Haochen only felt that his soul seemed to have been isolated and entered a strange world.This is a world with hundreds of millions of light spots. These light spots converge into a cloud of light that flutters around him. At this time, he seems to be the center of the world. As long as it was his gaze, there were countless spots of light in the light cloud that he would examine.However, the number of light spots is really too much, and the colors are different. Each breath of light has a different atmosphere. In a quarter of a century, he remembers that he had only a quarter of an hour. The opportunity for selection is only this time.Do not dare to do more thinking, but do not dare to waste any time, Long Hao Chen randomly selected a light cloud, it quickly filtered the light that came from the light point.He does not know that each light cloud is a parallel space, and those light spots are the breath of Warcraft in the parallel space. The ancient array in which he lives is a powerful presence in communication with parallel space. It is also the core of all the knights of the knights.Cold, fear, resistance, anger... He felt a variety of sentiments, each of which seemed to have an impact on his spiritual power. Only the impact was not strong. With a strong spiritual power, his perception is extremely fast. At almost every moment, there are dozens of light spots that are filtered by him.The advantages of an innate spiritual power are undoubtedly obvious at this time. For one person to come, I am afraid that even one-tenth of his selection will not come.After a minute and a second passed, Long Haochen’s mood became more and more anxious, and he could feel the atmosphere of intimacy was too little. Most of the light spots passed to him were fears. It seems that they are afraid of him.A quarter of an hour is nearing, and Long Haochen clearly feels that everything in front of him gradually becomes imaginary.No, no, I must find my partner. Long Haochen's unwilling anger in his heart. The perception suddenly cleared again.Inside the cave. The old man has been observing Long Haochen. The only reason for the selection of a quarter of an hour is because this is the limit that Long Haochen can bear with his own spiritual power. The reason why only the Grand Knight can come here to withstand the power of the law is because it must be this level of spiritual power to withstand consumption. And it must be young talents under the age of twenty. Once the age exceeds, the circle will instantly reverse.At this point, a quarter of an hour has already arrived, but the golden light that Long Haochen's body radiated did not completely subside. His face looked pale, but he still supported his teeth.Good fortitude. The old man secretly marveled. He knows very well that although people who are in the ranks do not feel the depletion of their spiritual power, as long as the body cannot bear it, they will naturally be separated from the transmission matrix. Only a strong willpower can give birth to one's own potential."Found." Just before Long Haochen became illusory, and made his will somewhat vague, the subconscious shifted his gaze and fell on another light cloud. A strong sense of intimacy and joy was passed into the depths of his soul.Without a half hesitation, Long Hao suddenly launched the stamp of equality contract. This imprint was given to him by night, and it was completely communicated and imprinted with spiritual power. As long as the other party agrees, it will be successful. If the other party does not agree, it will not produce backlash. It is the most peaceful magic contract. The time is tight. He doesn't even have time for excitement.The brilliance of the brilliance and the instant of the communication were completed. The atmosphere full of kindness and joy seemed to be more anxious than him. The contract between the two parties was reached in the next moment.The spot gradually disappeared, and the vast cloud of light faded. All of it changed back to gold. In the blazing golden light, Long Haochen only felt that there was something in front of him. And this extra breath was full of intimacy to him.