Chapter 13 Long Haochen's Mounting Partner (3)"He succeeded." The single-eyed old man cried in surprise. The body of glory gradually returned to normal, and the golden light pattern of the sky disappeared.The old man's forehead has already seen sweat. Obviously, supporting this huge transmission matrix is ​​also a great burden for him.As soon as it was heard, Nightingale rushed over for the first time, came to the old man and looked towards the center.With the fading of gold, Long Haochen’s figure gradually appeared in front of them. Apart from his pale face, there was no other change.Returning to the soul, Long Haochen's first feeling is empty, empty from the inside out. The spiritual power in the body was nearly exhausted. The funnel vortex that had been slowly rotating was almost stagnant, and even the light of the Holy Spirit was dim. Fortunately, as a knight, he also has the existence of external spiritual power. Although feeling empty in the body, it does not affect his normal operations.Subconsciously, Long Hao morning will look toward his own breath before, spent so much effort to come to the knights of the mountain has been a month's time, and why not it?However, when Long Haochen saw his partner in front of him and he entered into an equitable contract, he suddenly froze, and the Nightingale and the one-eyed old man not far away were all stuck.Their sluggishness is not because the Warcraft partner summoned by Long Haochen is too strong, but because it is really...It was a lizard a little over a meter long. It was covered with a thin black scale. The scales were a little strange in shape. Some of them were trapezoidal. The sides were folded down in an arc and eventually gathered together. Like a tower shield in the hands of heavy knights.There is no difference between the head and the common lizard. A pair of small red eyes are watching the dragon's morning and can't tell the closeness. Like a snake, the tongue fluctuates, and it seems that he is feeling his breath at the feet of Long Haochen.If this were just the case, Long Haochen would not be sluggish. At most, he was summoning a two-level ground fire lizard. However, this lizard was criss-crossing, with at least a dozen scars, flowing dark red blood, and a large bulge at the neck, which was almost as thick as its neck. Matching it with a bruise, describing it as ugly can be complimented.Long Haochen never imagined that he had worked so hard and eventually summoned a second-level ground-fire lizard that looked disfigured, even somewhat malignant. Since he began to cultivate, everything can be considered smooth, this is the first time he has suffered."Oh--" The land-fired lizard seems to enjoy the atmosphere of Long Haochen's body. He is awkward on him, and his red little eyes are all close.A bitter smile appeared on Long Haochen's face. Through the equality contract, he could feel the strength of this land-fired lizard, which was the cultivation of the two-level middle-order.The star of the star unicorn, do you lie to me? You have said that even if you are not qualified to conclude a contract with this bright body of mine, but what is this in front of you? Two-level ground fire lizard.Nightingale silently walked to Long Haochen's side and pulled him from the ground. A faint trace: "The frustration you endure is nothing compared to what I was in that year. Sacred Mountain could not find a good-looking horse-mate, and later he would rely on hunting to find it. If you can reach the same level as the miracle of India and India, Even if it is to surrender a dragon, there is nothing impossible."With a bang, the Night Eve plucked behind the epee, a fierce murderous life.The local lizard seemed to feel the threat of life. Although it was full of bruises, it was a physique. It hid behind the dragon's morning and only revealed a head with a bulging bag and looked at the night with fear."Teacher, what are you doing?" At the moment, Long Haochen had only enough time to extract the epee and hid the epee with the hilt on the night.Night stunned. "Stupid boy, are you still trying to take away this little cripple? You know, if you don't kill it that has already concluded a contract with you, you will never be able to conclude an equitable contract with Warcraft."There was resignation, helplessness, and even a trace of anger. However, it does not mean half killing."Teacher, do you remember telling me the story of your partner with you and the Yue carving? When you were most difficult, it chose you. You treated it like a loved one. I didn't call it at the last moment." What about this little guy? Although it is not powerful and even has a disability, it is ultimately a contract with me."“We are partners, and I will protect its safety. Even if I have no real mount in this life, I will not give it away because I'm afraid to discard it. Not for fear of leaving any shadows. At the moment of the conclusion of the contract. It is already my loved one."While talking, Long Haochen slowly squatted down and gently touched the head of the ground lizard. Its scales feel a silky smooth touch, not hard.The ground fire lizard did not move, it was like a sculpture, with a pair of red eyes staring at Long Haochen."Relax, little guy, I won't abandon you. I won't let you fight for me. I just want you to be my friend, okay?"The eyelids of the lizards regained their stature. Their tongues flicked and they squatted in the hands of Long Haochen.Nightingale took back the epee, all sort of a sigh. "Your child is too softhearted and too emotional."Long Haochen looked at her teacher a bit apologetic and said: “Teacher, don’t worry, I’m going to work hard. Even if I don’t have the help of a friend, I’m sure I’m not going to lose it.” My teacher, my spiritual energy consumption. All you can do is to help my partner treat the injuries."Nightingale can also say something, only silently nodded and said: "Okay."In his hand, the golden light shone, and when it was time to unleash the recovery skills, the one-eyed old man who had not buzzed in silence shouted: "Wait a minute."“Huh?” Long Haochen and Nightingale looked at him at the same time.The old monopoly resigned: "If you don't want it to die, don't treat it."Long Haochen stood up and questioned: "Predecessors, why?"The old man looked at him with utmost care and smiled and said: “You are very good, really good. On you, I have seen the compassion and love in the knight’s code. Unfortunately, although you are kind-hearted, you are not dismissing this smallness. Guy, but you may not be able to take it away because it has a dark constitution. Once it is treated with the Light attribute skills, it will only deal damage to it.""Dark constitution?" Long Haochen surprised Road.The old man nodded and said, “Some of the WoWs summoned through the Teleportation Array are from a level similar to the Abyss. They no matter what their attributes are, they will naturally have some dark constitution. All the Dark Constitutions of Warcraft, As soon as the cave is out, it will be immediately strangled by the light of this place, and here it cannot be returned to its original place through the contract, any magic of magic cannot work here. It's strange why such a dark-bodied World of Warcraft will be close to you and conclude a contract, but I have to say that when you come here, it's almost a dead end."“What?” Long Haochen was taken aback and the land lizard also seemed to understand his words. It clung to Long Haochen's body and trembled. Her little red eyes filled with fear.