Chapter II Mysterious New Teacher (1)“Uh...” Long Haochen slowly woke up from the coma and blinked. His eyelashes, long enough for any girl to admire him, flew twice before gradually recovering.With a fierce turn, he sat up on the floor and said, "I'm okay?" Looking at his undamaged body, he breathed a sigh of relief.Surrounded by silence, there were only some sounds of insects in the woods.Lowering his head, Long Yuchen saw at a glance the neat vegetables that were neatly placed on his side. He froze and rubbed his temples.Did I just fall asleep, everything is just a dream?Hey, what is this? He saw one more ring on his hand rubbing his head. The blue ring exudes a lustrous color, not a metallic luster, but a moisturizing porcelain such as jade. The pale golden forget-me-not pattern surrounds a circle. A transparent gem of only grain size is set on top. The gemstone is completely embedded in the ring. Touching the hand can only touch the ring's smooth surface.The inner ring of the ring is golden, and the place close to the finger is slightly raised. There is no feeling in the hand.Long Hao stayed in the morning and he immediately realized that everything that happened before his coma was true. It is because of this that he is full of questions in his mind.What is the relationship between the dumb girl and the white one? Also, how did the white man actually let the disgusting killer disappear? Who gave this ring to himself?For Long Haochen, who is only nine years old, these issues are obviously a bit complicated and he simply cannot get the answer.Stand up and subconsciously look to the place where those chasers disappeared. He suddenly found a little wrong.Quickly stepped forward, Long Haochen saw that on the ground that was originally covered with green grass, all the grass had disappeared and turned into a piece of land, and the land was clearly subsided, and the outermost grass still remained. Some traces of charred black. It is the same color as the land that lost the grass."Forget it, do not want to, I still quickly go home to my mother to cook wild soup." Long Hao Chen feels pregnant, Pei Yuan Ye still, he immediately practical a lot. Pick up the wooden sword next to it and walk home.However, when the wooden sword was first started he stopped but he discovered a magical phenomenon. His own wooden sword seems to be lighter and lighter than nothing like a feather.It should be noted that the wooden sword in his hands, although not the real epee used by the knight, is also made of wood, but it is also a real hardwood. It has seven or eight pounds in weight. When he first joined the Odin Palace, he practiced for more than a month to use the sword with his hands.Wooden sword becomes lighter? No, it's still the same way! Is it because my strength has become bigger?While thinking about it, Long Haochen shook his hands and made a forward sprint with his hands in front of the wooden sword. Suddenly, the buzzing sounded, and the strength of this sword really surprised himself. His hands are quite stable. He clearly felt that his limbs were as if they couldn't finish. Jumping a few times, as if his own body was as light as a wooden sword.Is this at least the power to be a spiritual power? In Long Haochen's mind, I could not help reminding myself once more of the indifferent and reluctant face of the little maternal woman. She murmured in her mouth: "These are you brought to me? Let's go to the sub-church tomorrow and try my spiritual power again. How much, anyway, the piles that evaluate spiritual power are always there."The boy’s heart will not be too complicated. Although what happened today brought some trouble to Long Haochen, he thought that his mother could drink Peiyuanye to nourish the body, which left him behind. After all, a dumb woman is only a passing person. He only secretly prays for her. She hopes that she is safe.A small courtyard, two thatched rooms, a few shelves hanging Guaitou, some basking dried vegetables, this is Long Haochen's home."Mom, I'm back."The door of the cottage was opened, and a woman who was dressed as a priest came out of the hut. Looking at Long Haochen, who was rushing back from the outside, he suddenly showed a smile.She is the mother of the dragon's mother, Shiraishi. The look of Long Yuchen is almost as if she is a model. Although the daytime dress is simple and has experienced a lot of wind and frost, but that stunning appearance is still able to bring anyone a strong shock. The only difference between her and Long Haochen is the color of her eyes. Her eyes are black, and Long Haochen is a clear blue.However, it is precisely because of this beauty that the lives of their mother and son are made more difficult.Because of this beauty, the white-brother with his son alone does not know how many harassments have been received. Even though she has solved them one by one, how can she live like that?In desperation, even if it came to this town of Odin, she had no choice but to build her home in this most remote corner. Reliance on weekdays is to earn a modest income by washing clothes in a laundry shop that is all women."In the morning, come back. How about today's exam?" The son of Shiraishi smiled and threw himself into his arms. Her body is very tall, only nine-year-old Long Hao Chen only to her chest position only.Feeling the softness and freshness of her mother's body, Long Haochen said happily: "Mom, I've studied it."The white man smiled a little and said: "I knew that the morning was the best. Go wash it, my mother will give you lunch."Long Haochen jumped out of her mother's arms and said, "I still do it. I picked some wild herbs and came back to you to drink."As he said, he went straight to the smaller hut next to him. When he walked to the door of the hut, he couldn't help but look back at his mother. He didn't know why. He thought that his mother seemed very happy today. You know, mothers rarely speak on weekdays, let alone praise him. More often he sees his mother in a daze on weekdays. Only when faced with oneself will it reveal a touch of gentleness, but it rarely speaks.The White Pelican had been watching his son walk into the kitchen and murmured: “In the morning, it was a pain for you. But...” Gently sighed, and her eyes showed a bit of struggling color, but in the end it was still suppressed. Lived in the impulse.Early in the morning of the next morning, Long Haochen had eaten his mother’s breakfast after waking up and went to the Odin Palace.After being accustomed to sleep last night, there was a scene in the daytime that occurred in his dream, as if he had dreamed of the scene in which the young lady wore a ring in his hand. So that he could not wait to get up in the morning to confirm how much his spiritual power had reached.Because it was very early to arrive, when Long Haochen entered the Odinzi Palace, others did not come. There is nothing precious in the Odinzi Palace, and no one needs to be guarded. Not to mention the Barzat instructors who were prospective knights lived behind.Quickly walked to the wooden pier before the assessment yesterday. Long Haochen picked off the wooden sword on his back. He deliberately came early to prove that his guess was correct. Test spiritual power.The wooden sword slowly lifted. Long Haochen concentrated his spirits, and his feet were able to fight forward and backward. He took a deep breath and forced his hand to squat.噗-, 咔嚓..., 砰-