Chapter Thirteen Long Xichen's Mounting Partner (4)The old man said indifferently: "Give it up. This is not what you are willing to do and it will not affect your future cultivation. Even if you acquire World of Warcraft through hunting, you will be much stronger than this variant of the fire lizard."Long Hao Chen lowered his head and looked at the eyes of the fire lizards. He has a contract with it, so he can feel the emotions of the local fire lizard at this time.This little guy seems to understand his conversation, in its emotions, full of fear, loneliness, pain and unwillingness.Long Haochen, of course, wanted a strong horse companion who could feel the changes in the mood of the land lizards. He remembered himself when his parents left at the same time on Odin Mountain. At that time, did you not feel similar in yourself? It is my partner! How can I throw it like this?"Predecessors, there really is no way? I can not throw it." Long Hao Chen stooped down, did not avoid the filthy and flowing dark red blood of the land lizard, to hold it up.The lizards held by Long Haochen had a much more stable mood and stuck their heads tightly in his arms. As if the children had found their loved ones, the two not-so-strong front claws were lying on the shoulders of Long Haochen's head and their paws were tightly holding their clothes.The old man hesitated and said with a slight sigh, "You are a good boy. The method is not without, but it will do great harm to you."Long Haochen, holding an earthly fire lizard weighing only about fifty pounds, felt its heartbeat and licked his lips and said: "Please ask the older generation to give advice."The old man replied: “If you want to let it live out of here, there is only one way to change the body's constitution. Change the darkness into light so that you can safely leave.”Evening surprise: "Preliminary, this seems impossible. How can the dark constitution transform into light?"The old man said: "Of course we can't, but he is possible. With the existence of the equality contract, the fire lizard receives much higher energy from him. However, it needs the child to use his own bright attributes. The blood is integrated into the body of this land lizard and thoroughly wash away its dark constitution."Nightingale sucked in a cold air, his cold face revealed a bit puzzled, "How much blood can this do?"The old man shook his head and said: "I don't know either. It depends on how well the fire lizard accepts his blood, and on the strength of bright energy in his blood. But whether or not he succeeds, he will make this child fine. In order to be such a second-ranked Warcraft, it seems to me that it is really not worth it.""Ye-chen." Nightingale turned to Long Haochen and just wanted to say something, but he was interrupted by an unprecedented incident."Teacher, you don't have to say it, I've decided. The contract has been concluded. This is my fate with it. If it's just because it's weak and it's abandoned and even endangered its life, then how can I still be a guardian knight?" "Long Yinchen said firmly while tightening the arms of her lizard. She bowed slightly and bowed to the old man. He said, "Please also ask the older generation to show me how to do it."The old man sighed and said: “Your child's heart is truly rare, although this time you do not have a strong horse partner, but the future achievements are equally limitless. The method is simple, spurs your equality contract, and then drops your blood. It is a contract rune on it.""I would like to thank our predecessors." Long Haochen promised to say a word, slowly squat down the body, put the ground lizard on the ground.The fire lizard raised his head and looked at Long Haochen, and his voice continued to whisper."Don't be afraid. I will do my best to save you. You are my partner. If I can't even guard you, what is a guardian knight?"Long Haochen sat down in the face of the fire lizard in the morning and sat down. His thoughts and actions have already triggered the equality contract between the two sides.The equality contract is also called the equal call contract, which is mainly based on human beings. Launching a contract is equivalent to issuing a summoning to WoW.A little purple light shines from the dragon's forehead, and the purple light gradually expands, turning into a fingernail-sized purple spot looming on his forehead."Oh," said the unicorn old man, surprised tonight. "It's strange that their contract runes seem very complicated."The more human beings and the more powerful World of Warcraft conclude a contract, the more complicated the contract runes formed on their respective bodies.Evening doubts: "No! Isn't it a simple light?"The old man shook his head and said: "No, it's not that simple. The runes are covered by the purple light. Although I can't see what it is, it's certainly not that simple. Look at the fire lizard in the land."With the initiation of the contract by Long Haochen, a contract rune appeared on his forehead, which also appeared on the ground fire lizard.In general, both the human and the Warcraft, the contract runes will appear in the head, but this is not the case of the aggro. A purple light pattern full of diametrical feet emerged slowly from its back, almost covering its entire back, and the violet light covered it like a layer of mist, although it was compared to the Rune's head's runes. It has been expanded many times, but it is still not clear what it looks like under the purple mist.Long Haochen replied softly to the ground lizard: "Little one, don't be afraid. I will change your constitution with the bright attributes in my blood. I don't know if it will be very painful, but you must be patient, okay?"The land was very psychic when he heard him, and nodded to him. A pair of red eyes filled with gratitude and kindness.Long Haochen lifted his hands and flicked his left index finger. Suddenly, a pale golden light appeared on his fingertips. About two inches of golden light shined through his fingertips. Exile, this is a symbol of the fourth-order knight. Although the third-order knight can also exhale spiritual power through the skills of the light sword, but with the fourth-order knight can not pass the skill can be exiled spiritual power is obviously not a level.Golden light flashed, Long Haochen cut his right wrist, suddenly, the blood rushed out, almost instantaneously into a blood stream flowing down, fell into the huge runes in the back of the lizard."Oh -" With a scream, the lizard slammed his head and his body trembled violently. Its four claws forcefully grasped the ancient Elvish Rune on the ground, forcing itself to keep its body from moving.The old man once again expressed his surprise in his omnivorousness. "This land lizard is really psychic. It seems that it should not be so simple."Evening smile: "I hope so." He really wanted to stop Long Haochen doing this, a two-level ground fire lizard, really not worth it! What's more, six months later was the selection of the hunting demons. Long Haochen suffered a major loss at this time. He did not know if he could recover after six months. However, he really can stop himself as a disciple? He could not, Long Haochen's spirit of not giving up and not giving up, in his opinion, is more precious than the chief of the hunting demon group.The dragon's blood drips into the runes behind the earth's lizards and instantly melts into them. A circle of pale golden glow spreads out from the purple runes, covering the body of the earth's lizards.Every circle of gold glow flowed past and the body of an earthly lizard would vibrate like an electric shock. But it still does not move.Also accompanied by a layer of golden halo flowing, the rich darkness was gradually broken down from the ground lizard.