Chapter 14 Evolution (I)Long Haochen’s eyes fixed on the changes of the ground fire lizard. His right hand was now holding his fist tight. Although blood continued to flow, his hands were very stable.A layer of golden glow constantly scours the body of the ground lizard. The wounds on its body continue to emit a white smoke. These wounds obviously have signs of ulceration. Obviously, the dark-skinned land lizard is affected by bright energy and the body is suffering tremendous pain.If it weren’t for Long Haochen’s equitable contract with him, the immense power of light in the bright son of Long Haochen may have destroyed it.The muscles of the two sides of the ground fire lizard were ridiculed, and the slightest blood continued to seep from its mouth. Although its body was shaking violently, the four claws were always tight on the ground and did not allow themselves to have Any move.Its tall raised head was facing Long Haochen. One person and one beast were facing each other. Besides the determination, there was a trace of warmth in the eyes. Yes, they caught the affectionate warmth from each other's eyes.As the blood continued to flow, Long Haochen’s face became paler and more fragile. Even if he already had a spiritual power of up to 1,000, he was still a human being. If human blood loses more than a third, it is fatal. With his current rate of blood loss, it will not be long before he reaches this limit.Time passed in one minute and one second. Whether it was nightlife or the one-eyed old man, the mood was very tense.The monopoly old man guarding the holy mountain has been a little young, but this situation is still the first time encountered. There are several possible outcomes. The first is that the fire lizard could not withstand the baptism of the blood of light and died violently. The second is that it is completed by the baptism of the bright blood and becomes a bright body of Warcraft. In this case, the purpose of Long Haochen will be achieved. The third kind, if the ground lizard could not stand the immediate pain and run away on its own, then all efforts have been abandoned. The fourth is that the oldest person and Nightingale are the most unwilling to see, and that is, Long Haochen can't keep on losing too much blood. In that case, not only does the fire lizard fail to evolve, Long Haochen himself has to worry about life because of the loss of blood.Long Haochen's originally stable right hand gradually began to tremble. His pale skin had already presented a pathological paleness. The original shiny luster had long disappeared. The speed of blood flow at the wrist has begun to decrease, and in addition to the healing of the wound, it also shows a large loss of his own blood.But the strange thing is that the body of the land lizard is not trembling. The dark scales on the body gradually grew a little golden light, and those rotten wounds healed at an alarming rate. Obviously, it is already suffering and the body is changing rapidly.The most peculiar change is still the contract rune on the dragon's morning and the lizard. The original purple contract rune gradually became purple and gold, although it was still dominated by purple, but after adding a touch of faint gold, the whole rune looked dazzling. The purple haze above has also faded. In vagueness, you can see the striking complex lines on the rune.Long Haochen's body flashed and almost fell."Well, we can't hold on in the morning." Yanhua's heartstrings were tight, and they couldn't help but rush."And so on." One-man old man raised his hand and stopped him from rushing forward.Long Haochen raises his left hand and presses on his neck to support his own body. At this time, he has already lost sight of everything in front of him, and the intense sensation of dizziness caused by excessive blood loss makes him feel at any time. May fall down.Do not abandon, do not give up. Long Haochen clenched his teeth and silently read the six words in his heart.Although his time with the fire lizard was very short, it was just a few moments before and after, but it was also the first time he felt the effects of the equality contract. The kindly affection of being like a loved one, and the attachment of terrestrial lizards to him because of fear, all deeply touched his heart.Long Haochen had no brothers and sisters. In recent years, Li Xin has always been like a pro-sister to him. When he made the final decision just now, he only thought that if he were to face such a crisis, what kind of decision would Li Xin make?Partners, what are partners, life and death are the true partners.Observing blurred vision of the eyes of the fire lizard, this time, Long Haochen no longer feel it ugly.At this point, Long Haochen's blood loss has already exceeded one-third. If he had not been a great knight, he would have to be in danger.Although the monopoly old man stopped the night, he was also ready to shoot at any time. Once Long Haochen’s vitality has failed, he will certainly be the first time. Stop him from continuing."Oh--" A cry of excitement began to sound, and a layer of golden luster emerged from the ground-fire lizard. All darkness and viciousness are gone.A golden light shot out of the old man's hand and landed on the wound of Long Haochen's wrist, instantly helping him heal the wound.Long Haochen had a soft body and the entire person had already fallen down, but he did not faint because of his desire to see if he really succeeded.The wet tongue gently licked his face, and the small red eyes were full of celestial colors, like two rubies.The purple-gold-colored contract rune on the back quietly disappeared. The wounds on the ground lizard had completely disappeared, and the shield-shaped scales exude a pale golden luster.Nightingale sighed, slowly stepped forward, want to feed Long Hao Chen morning to eat some of the immortality of Pei Yuan. He knew that although Long Haochen was successful, he also paid a great price. With such a loss of blood, I am afraid that one year and a half will not recover."Oh -" the ground fire lizard suddenly made a deep roar toward the night coming close, a pair of small red eyes full of misfortune. A huge fireball spewed out of his mouth and went straight to the night of bombardment."Huh?” Nightingale was taken aback. The veil of light rose, and a thud was heard, blocking the bombardment of the fireball."Do not get close to it first, what it seems to do," cried the old man.A fire lizard stopped the pace of the night's progress, and its eyes fell on the face of the weak dragon. It was also at this time, suddenly, a purple brilliance emerged from its back and went straight to the top of the cave.This purple light was released in a line, as if it had cracked back. After the light pattern appeared, the earthly lizard looked up again, but at this moment, it was swaying in its red eyes. A touch of purple. This wipe purple is cold and noble.