Chapter 14 Evolution (below)The purple light pattern first stretches backwards, extends all the way to its tail, and then recurs, and it reaches its neck momentarily. At this point, the purple light pattern no longer extends straight upwards, but is divided into two. Road, which has been extended to the top of its head, and the other is extended to the bulge on its neck.A strange spiritual power wave swiftly rippled, and a fierce excitement suddenly appeared in the eyes of the land lizards, but more was excited. Its body began to shake violently. Unstable spiritual power fluctuations continue to escalate from the sudden appearance of the purple light pattern, which has apparently surpassed its own secondary middle-level Warcraft level."Evolution? The land lizard is going to evolve." The old man shouted. The evolution of Warcraft is not uncommon, but in general, only five or more levels of Warcraft have the potential to evolve. This place is only a two-level fire monster, ah! It even evolved after taking the blood of Long Haochen.With a loud bang, a strong purple air burst suddenly emerged from the ground lizard. Immediately afterwards, its body, which was originally only one meter long, grew up at a variable speed.It is not only the size of the body itself, but also the scales on the body. There is a strange change in the scales on the body. It was originally a smooth scale, and gradually there were some angular embossings, the thick texture of textures appeared, and the strangest was its neck. The bulge, the bulge, extended even as it swelled.As soon as the cymbals slammed, the body of the ground-fired lizard suddenly froze. Immediately afterwards, at the bulge on his neck, a brand-new head was drilled and juxtaposed with the original skull. At this time, its body has also extended from one meter to two meters.Violet light suddenly closed, everything seems to be still. The purple light pattern extends to the top of the second head, and there are some raised keratins on both heads that look a bit more hateful.It seems that there is no difference between the second head and the first one that comes with evolution. The only difference is the color of the eyes. The eyes of this second head are golden.After the evolution of the fire lizard, the limbs obviously became thicker and thicker, and the back of the armpits was heavy, especially with its double headed change, showing that the protrusion at its neck was not a disability.After completing its evolution, the neck of the neck of the second head showed another bulge, but it was not as big as it was before. It raised a fist-sized bulge."Four grades in the middle?" Nightingale and one-eyed old man looked at each other and both eyes were full of shock.Each level of World of Warcraft is divided into the first, middle, high and peak. From secondary to fourth intermediate, this is an evolution that spans eight phases!Don’t say it was seen. They didn’t even hear it. The general evolution of Warcraft, at best, only some minor changes in the body, a slight increase in strength, from the middle-order enhancement to high-order is normal, have never heard of a cross-level evolution. The ground fire lizard is completed.No, it can no longer be called a land lizard. Its second head is not the same as the first head, and it clearly emits a bright atmosphere.Double-headed double-attributed lizards, what kind of species is this? In particular, this leap-style evolution has fully revealed that this area is not what the fire lizard firewood.Moreover, Night Glory even noticed the bulging newly emerging from its neck. Could it be said that if the fire lizard could grow its third head, it would not evolve again?Night Swallow swallowed a saliva and asked the one-sided old man next to him: “Predecessors, do you know this kind of World of Warcraft?”The old man shook his head with a wry smile and said: "I don't know. No one can recognise all of Warcraft. Especially this kind of summoned from other parallel spaces. It looks like this little guy is a treasure! As long as this one The lizard can evolve once more, so he can already have a good horse. Hey, what is it doing?"In the time they spoke, the evolution of the two-headed lizard slowed down two heads and watched the dragon's morning that was also shocked by its evolution. The long tail flung from behind to the front of the body, the second head biting at the tip of the tail and suddenly came out of lavender blood. With evolution, its blood color has changed.The contract rune reappeared, and the rune on the back of the double-headed lizard did not become large because of its evolution. Moreover, this time it was obviously the rune it initiated.The long tail flicked, and the tip of the tail of the lavender blood was directly pierced at the contract rune on the forehead of Long Hao.Long Haochen had a stiff body and only felt that a hot warm current was injected from his forehead, and the sensation of heat was instantly spread throughout the body."Back-feeding, it feeds in the morning with her own blood." Nightingale jumped up in surprise.The higher the Warcraft level is, the more psychic is, and more than six levels of Warcraft can gradually produce no less than human wisdom, and in front of this double-headed lizard is so full of spirituality, even learning how Long Haochen helped it with its own blood. To make up for the loss of Longjing morning blood.Two heads, two reds, two golds and four eyes, looked at Long Haochen tenderly and the body of the two-headed lizard wobbled slightly.A layer of reticular lavender lines began to extend from the forehead of Long Haochen to the whole body. He only felt that his whole body seemed to be in a melting pot. He could not tell whether it was painful or comfortable and could only vaguely feel that his blood was in the heat. There has been an overwhelming change in the injection. The original sense of weakness was gradually disappearing in this hot glow.A light layer of blood red light spreads quietly from the double-headed lizard, forming a circle of red halos, and then slowly converges to a point, eventually falling into the contract rune on its back.At the same time, Long Haochen and the two-headed lizard started to shake. Between the two, there seems to be more contact in the vagueness."This is a more extreme blood deal than the master-servant contract." The old man of the monologue lost his voice. "The bloody death of the dead man! Is this double-headed lizard repaying it?"Evening Wah knows the blood deal. This kind of contract is extremely extreme. It is not half-damaged for Long Haochen, but it has a fatal bondage for the two-headed lizard. Once Long Haochen dies, then it must die. But if it is dead, it has no effect on Long Haochen.Legend has it that the bloodshed has many special effects. It can even lend its own ability to the owner. However, there is simply no World of Warcraft willing to sign such a contract. Therefore, how many people know about the blood mystery.The monopoly old man took a deep breath and slowly said, “Whether or not this double-headed lizard will evolve again, it will have far more affinity with your apprentice than other knights. Perhaps this is a blessing in disguise.”The light gradually converged, and the lavender lines on Long Haochen's body disappeared into the skin. The two-headed lizard retracted his tail and walked to him, gently rubbing his leg with two big heads."I've got what kind of partner this is! My name is Luan Chen, and you will follow my name, and say hello."