Chapter 15 Entry Volume and Equipment (1)"The gong, the gong, the gong" knocked on the door."My younger brother, we're going to leave. Are you still alive?" Li Xin said, while the lady was snarling at the door."Well, well." The door opened and Long Haochen walked out of the room.Li Xin opened his eyes. "Wow, handsome."Long Haochen wore a white arrow-sleeved warrior dress and embroidered a silver dragon pattern. It was clean and tidy, and each side of the collar was embroidered with a silver dragon. The middle of the belt is inlaid with a light stone with a faint light.A black long hair scattered on the shoulders, star-like pale golden eyes clear and transparent, red lips and white teeth, the skin lustrous jade, high nose, eye socket slightly deep, people can not find half a childbirth.It was only in the past six months. Long Haochen had grown a little taller and he was taller and slender. He had no exaggerated muscle lines, but he was well-balanced and had the perfect golden ratio.The dragon's morning, which is usually the simplest one, has been amazing. At this time, it was simply a woman who was wearing a slightly gorgeous warrior uniform.Long Haochen had awkwardly finishing her own clothes. "Sister, don't wear it so formal. I'm not used to it."This body suit was specially made for him by Li Xin. Long Yinchen's own clothes were only the standard warrior suits issued by the Zhaiyue Hall in addition to the common clothes."How can I not be used to it? My brother, white is just too good for you. It's full of handsomeness. Hey, why can't you be a few years early? Loss, loss. I've been with you for a long time. My elder sister's vision is high. Then, if I can't find a man in the future, I will occupy you."Li Xin looked up and down Long Yanchen with his eyes shining and threatened him with a fist.At this moment, two heads were drawn from the back of Long Haochen, rubbed on his shins, and a voice of “squeaking” was heard in his mouth.Long Hao bent down and slapped on the heads of two lizards. "You can't go tonight, just watch your house at home. I'll be obedient. I'll come back to bring you fish."This has two lizard heads and strangely shaped guys. Obviously it was Long Haochen's World of Warcraft partner brought back from the Cavalier Mount of Sacred Mountains.Haoyue has become a new species recorded by the Mount of Knights, and it has already come back to Long Haochen for half a year.General Warcraft mounts have their own place of life, only when the knights need to summon it to the side through the contract. However, this guy is different, but it is a dead skinless face and must be with Long Haochen, saying nothing would go back to its original space.The combination of blood and the feeling of not giving up and giving up gives them far more affinity than other knights and riders.The first benefit brought by the bloody deed was already felt by Long Haochen when he first came back, and that is the same mind. What the equality contract generally brings can only be that World of Warcraft feels the knight's mind and acts. However, the bloody lease brings about their mutual perception. Although Haoyue does not speak, Long Yuchen can always feel its emotional changes. Even if it is far away, it is the same.When we heard the word dried fish, both sides of the moon had widened their eyes at the same time. They also stared at each other with an extremely humanistic look, raised their necks, and nodded headed toward Long Haochen. Seeing that way, saliva had to flow out.Long Hao dawned on their heads and said: "Then I'll go first and I'll be back early."As a member of Haoyue Hall, Long Haochen had five gold coins every month. However, he couldn’t get any money at all. All the money was used to buy this guy from the moon.This guy is very greedy, especially like to eat fish food, love the five flavored dried fish. So that Long Haochen became a terrific Moonlight tribe, and sometimes even Li Xin had to help some.As the contact time became longer and longer, Long Haochen was surprised to find that the two heads of Haoyue had their own ideas. This feeling was not strong when I just returned from the Mount of Knights. Half a year later, he became more and more aware that the red-eyed head was a bit fierce and the golden-eyed head had a milder personality.After receiving the promise of Long Haochen, Haoyue was happily returning to the house. The big tail was thrown and the door closed.Li Xin said, "I am so clever at this morning. It's like a little kid, it's like sticking to you all day."Long Hao Chen Hehe laughed: "Yeah! It's like my brother, no, it should be said to be two younger brothers. I really can't help them. Sister, let's go."The two went out of the house and walked on the street. Long Haochen asked, "What is the matter today, sister? Why did Uncle ask us to eat?"Before Li Xin sent her clothes to Long Haochen, she only told him that her father would ask them to have dinner today. There are still some things to say.With the long time of contact, Long Haochen now knows that Li Xin's father is Haoyuecheng’s military chief, Li Wei’s father, and Lin Jiaxuan’s father is Linyinjia, the governor of Haoyue City.All the cities in the Temple City are governors responsible for government affairs, and military chiefs responsible for military affairs.Li Xin smiled and said: "It is not only my father who has invited us to dinner, but also Uncle Lin, Uncle Nalan, and the uncle of the temple of the magical temple in the month and the uncle of the temple. The uncle of the temple of the Temple of the Soldiers is the uncle of Chen Chunhua."Long Haochen was taken aback and the five people mentioned by Li Xin were all big names in Haoyue City, and they were also the most high-level leaders. Haoyue City is a medium-sized city. Among the six major temples, only the temples of the three great temples of knights, warriors and magic are established here. Together with the consuls and the military chiefs, they can almost determine everything in Haoyue City. The five great men actually wanted to invite them to dinner together. How can Long Haochen not be surprised?"Sister, why is this?" Long Haochen asked, puzzled.Li Xindao said: "Naturally it is for the upcoming selection of the Hunting Moors. We will all be entrants, and they will tell us about it."While saying that they have come to the ruling hall of Haoyue City, Li Xin took Long Haochen directly to the third floor. There are dedicated staff to introduce them into the side hall.Long Haochen and Li Xinlai are obviously late. There are only the last two left seats at the round table with fine dishes. They are obviously prepared for them.Long Haochen's eyes swept away, and he found that there was an understanding among the people in addition to Narendra, but it was not the same as Lin Jiayu who had previously played against him.Li Xin also naturally saw her. The two girls looked at each other and groaned at the same time. They each went too far and nobody ignored anyone. However, when Lin Jiaxuan's eyes passed by Long Haochen, he could not help but stay.The majestic middle-aged man on the first saw his face sink. “Xin Er should not be rude.” Obviously, this is Li Xin’s father, Haoyue Cheng’s military chief, Li Weixiao.Li Xin spit out his tongue and say hello to everyone who has sat there. "Good uncle Lin, good Uncle Nalan, good White Uncle, and good Uncle Chen."Several middle-aged people have been beheaded and Long Haochen has known each of these Haoyue City majors one by one with the title of Li Xin and said hello.