Chapter 15 Entry Volume and Equipment (2)In addition to these few people and Lin Jiaxuan, there are two young people with large bodies. They volunteered to say hello to Li Xin, and Li Xin also took Long Yuchen back to the ceremony. The two youngsters were named Chen Si. The shorter one was Chen Chen, a pair of brothers from the Temple of the Warrior.Li Hongxiao looked at Long Haochen with a smile and said: "I have heard you from the earliest days. It really was a talented person, young Yingjie!"In fact, when Long Haochen and Li Xin came here, almost everyone's eyes were focused on him. Li Xin and Lin Jiayi were also beautiful women. However, the appearance of Long Haochen concealed their light."Uncle Li has won the prize." Long Haochen leaned in slightly and answered politely.Lin Yinjiadao said: "Lee brother, let's open the seat first. Let these children eat something and talk about the right thing."Li Haoxiao said: "This is the case. Everyone is welcome and eats."Apart from Long Haochen, other people obviously knew about what to say today, although the atmosphere of eating was not enthusiastic, but it was still comfortable. Especially the brothers Chen Si and Chen Chen. It's called a gobble. The appetite was even more striking than Li Xin. Of course, Long Haochen obviously did not dare to say this to Li Xin...Just eating and not drinking, soon, the people eat a 7788, the vast majority of food into the stomach of several young people.Li Haoxiao said: "The Hunting Moss Selection Tournament is about to begin. You five are the elites chosen by us to participate in the three halls of Haoyue City. This meal is for you, and there are also some matters needing attention. ”As the show came, Long Haochen put down his cutlery and listened carefully.Lin Yinjiadao said: “The Hunting Moss Trials Competition has a long history and is very important to us in the Temple Alliance. It can be said that the Temple Alliance can no longer be eroded by the Mozu for thousands of years. It is thanks to the hunting demons. Besides, almost all the senior leaders of the league and the six high levels of the temple have once participated in the hunting demon corps.In this case, please ask the three hosts to first introduce the circumstances in which you have elected these children. Chen Xiong, you first please. ”Chen Chunhua, the host of the Temple of the Warrior, is a tall, middle-aged man. He listened to Lin Yin’s words and nodded. “The two children Chen Si and Chen Chen have emerged in our branch in recent years. The elite, Chen Si, is twenty-four years old and happens to be under the threshold of the twenty-fifth age of the hunting genius trial. He is a second-class squad. The orthodox shield warrior is very good at defense."The level of the Temple of the Warrior is similar to that of the Knights Templar. The Warrior is already a fourth-order career, equivalent to the Grand Knight level.Both Chen Si and Chen Chen looked very honest and honest. They heard Chen Chunhua say that they had already stood up.Chen Chunhua apparently liked the two disciples. Some pride said, “Chen Chen is still two years younger than Chen Si. He is a brother who is better at attacking Berserkers. He is currently a Class I fighter.”Li Hong Xiao and Lin Yinjia's faces clearly showed a bit of surprise. The Hunting Moguls trial only selects young people under the age of 25, and the entry threshold for cultivation is a third-order occupation. It is indeed a pleasant surprise for young people in both temples to reach the fourth level.For any city, the young people who choose to join the hunting demons will be extremely proud of the city itself. If they can get good rankings in the trials, the consuls, military chiefs, and house leaders of the cities where they are located will receive awards.Li Hong Xiao is very satisfied with the road: "Very good, very good, young and promising, I hope you can enter the final stage of the final selection."“The fourth-grade career should be no problem. There are the protection of these two children. This time they are qualified for the selection of the trials. It seems that there is no problem. Everyone is familiar with the absolute genius of our magical temple. Twenty-one years old, majoring in ice magic, is already a four-level magician."Listening to Bai Yin’s introduction, although Lin Yin’s family tried to control his own look, the pride in his eyes could not be concealed.Li Youxiao praised: "Jia Jun this child is really more and more interest, and it is absolutely our hope for the future of Haoyue City."Listening to his father's compliment to Lin Jiaxuan, Li Xin was immediately dissatisfied and could not help but said: "Daddy, don't you want to grow up with other people's ambitions and extinguish your own prestige. Well, I'm a third-class knight for your daughter. I'm three months younger than her. ."Li Youxiao took a look at her.Lin Yinjiahehehe smiled: “You two gimmicks! It's been a long time. Can you forget about a little contradiction? However, you have to remember that before you join the hunting group, you must work It is very dangerous to cooperate in order to qualify for the competition.Li Xin and Lin Jiayi looked at each other and once again, they would not go too far.Narendra laughed: "The repair of Xin Er has already been said for herself, and she majored in retribution for the Cavaliers. As for the early morning, his cultivation must be kept secret, and I can tell you the age. He is 14 years old this year. Major guardian knight.""14 years old?" In addition to knowing some of Li Hong Xiao's accidents in advance, the others couldn't help eating already.Lin Yin’s frowns, screech: “You are not kidding Nalan. How can you let a 14-year-old kid go to the trials? Don’t you know they have to go to the border Can a person qualify for at least five Mozu soldiers?"Narendra said unhurriedly: "The child's teacher is night, that is, our zombie face night Shura. Our character you all know, he said that he is a baby apprentice qualified to participate in the hunting group trial, Surely it will not be a proverb. The Knights Templars of our country will never joking with the life of such a gifted child."Lin Yin’s family is still frowning and his eyes look to Li Hongxiao. Chen Chunhua and Na Lansheng have good personal relationships and have nothing to say. But Bai Yan is calm and said: "Nalan Fat, you have to know that this is not only related to his life. If a team is dragging its legs, it will even result in the destruction of the regiment."Nalan snorted and said: "I feel relieved. Although I don't know what the level is, but what I can tell you is that this time he will participate in the selection of the hunting mob, and he will be in the finals. Fight with the other five temples.”This statement Nalan Yi’s assertion shows great confidence.Long Haochen sat there without a buzzing sound. Nightingale passed him and couldn't easily reveal his current cultivation, at least before officially participating in the selection and competition of hunting mobs. Therefore, he can only keep silent.At this moment, Lin Jialu suddenly said: "Daddy, uncles, I believe Uncle Nalan's words. Because I once tested with Long Xiaodi. He is very strong."Listening to Lin Jiaxuan's help to Long Yuchen speaks, Li Xin suddenly shows a touch of vigilance, moving his sitting chair in the direction of Long Haochen.Lio Xiaoxiao nodded and said: "I also heard Xiner said the strength of Hao Chen, I believe he really has the ability to participate in this game.""The qualifying and the course of the game are very demanding. If you want to participate in the race, you must first get the ticket. The brother Lin has already said. Five of you must pass their own efforts. In cooperation, each of the five Mozu soldiers was killed before they were eligible to go to the Temple Alliance to participate in the race."