Chapter 15 Entry Volume and Equipment (3)"The coalition has already sent in charge of the supervision of our House of the Moon. It is responsible for overseeing your qualifications. In the process, no matter what kind of dangers you are facing, the monitor will not be able to take any action. It will only allow you to fend for itself. Unless you volunteer to ask him for help, once you volunteer for help, you lose your qualification for the contest."“We have a city in the southeast of the Union, only 400 miles from the border. We have carefully discussed and planned a route for you to infiltrate the Mozu. You must remember that if you blow back, you cannot fall in love. When you meet a crisis that you cannot contend with, then it is better to lose the eligibility for participation and to seek help from the supervision.Your life is the most important.The map we have handed over to the supervising elder, and tomorrow you will set off.What you represent, It is the House of Haoyue, which is also Haoyue City. Here, we wish you all the best in this competition."While speaking, Li Hongxiao, Lin Yinjia and the other three main halls all stood up and raised their cups.Long Haochen and other five people also quickly stood up and saluted the five leaders of Haoyue City. The people drank together their cups of tea.Lin Yin-jeong replied: “Since the advent of the Dark Ages 6,000 years ago, we humans have been struggling to survive and continue. We spent more than two thousand years to stabilize the current The Mozu people are our enemies, and every killing of an enemy is a contribution to the protection of mankind.Although we are not a big city in Haoyue City, it is a five-year major event to participate in the trial of the hunting mob. In order to make it easier for you to get good results, we have prepared some gifts for you. As long as you can complete the pre-race tickets and enter the race, these gifts will always belong to you. Follow me."There are four floors in the Luyue City Executive Hall. Under the leadership of Lin Yinjia and Li Hongxiao, the crowd came to the top floor of a room guarded by ten soldiers.There is no furniture in the room, only a few large wooden tables, but neatly arranged on the top of a large number of equipment.Seeing these equipment, the breathing of the two brothers Chen Si and Chen Chen has obviously become hurried. Li Xin and Lin Jiaxuan will be more normal. They are rich in family and do not lack equipment. There was a surprise in the eyes of Long Haochen, but it was very calm.When Long Xingyu once said to Long Haochen, for any of the six great temples, equipment is part of their strength. However, any equipment can only be more cherished if it is based on its own efforts. The Glorious Shield can be regarded as the first real equipment of Long Haochen, but in front of him, he apparently wants to have a full set of equipment for the first time.There are many equipments on the table. It is obviously not just a set for each person. There is a great deal of choice.Lin Yinjia smiled and said: "Though these equipments are not advanced, they are also much stronger than the general public on the market. In view of your current cultivation, the vast majority of people choose to increase their equipment so that they can be in battle. Directly inspire the effect. You can now choose your own. However, the same position of equipment can only choose one set."Lin Jiaxuan shook his head and said: "I own equipment, do not have to choose." She is the daughter of the Archon, the family is operating a magic equipment shop, naturally do not need to choose again.Li Xin also shook his head at the same time, saying that he did not need.Lin Yinjia and Li Hongxiao obviously had already guessed this situation. The equipment was originally prepared for Long Haochen and the Chen brothers.Chen’s brothers could not wait any longer. In the gesture of Chen Chunhua, the owner of the temple, the two men quickly picked up.Li Xin touched the dragon's morning and signaled that he would also go up and choose, so as not to be picked out.The equipment of the close combat class is mainly based on three aspects. The first one is naturally a material. The better the material used, the stronger the equipment that is created. The second is the process, the same material, and the different levels. The blacksmith made it out, the quality difference is still quite large. The third is to look at enchants. The value of a magical equipment is at least five times that of ordinary equipment. If the magical effects attached to it are powerful enough, the value is more expensive.Equipment is divided into low to high: ordinary equipment, alloy equipment, magic equipment, magic equipment, brilliant equipment, legendary equipment, epic equipment, immortal equipment, mythical equipment.In order to participate in these young people of the hunting team, Haoyue City has indeed chosen these equipment. All of them are magical equipment. Although they are just the most common types of low-grade enchantment augmentation attributes, there are hundreds of gold coins on the market. A magical equipment that is one level higher than a magical device. That is, it is necessary to bring at least one skill. The value of equipment at that level must be thousands of gold coins.As a shield warrior, Chen Si did not hesitate to choose a heavy body armor for himself, and then coupled with a thick tower shield. Both the armor and the shield are reinforced with soil magic lines, and the defensive power is the strongest of these equipment. Weapons have to be much simpler, that is, a long knife with a speed increase effect.Chen Chen's choice reflects the same emphasis on different soldiers, a fire property and a pair of fire properties long knife. Once inspired by a spiritual force, a layer of flame will appear on the body, with a fire attack. Increases the attack power of his Berserker by a further step.Long Haochen’s selection is also a frivolity. The thin pieces of fine iron and Shenyin alloy are very thin, mainly covering the upper body and elbow and knee joints. The armor was dark silver and it didn't look very much, but it was fluctuating with a faint light.The enchantment of light attributes is more difficult than other attributes. Therefore, he is not even a soft armor with a helmet, and the attached light attributes are not so powerful. There is a certain amount of defensive power and wins light.Afterwards, he chose two heavy stilettos. Among these items, the epee with the bright attribute enchant had only one handle. Therefore, his second epee was chosen to be a fire attribute.The shape of the two-barreled epee is no different from that of the knight's standard epee. The standard sword has different magic patterns and the center of the sword also has a fourth-order Warcraft nucleus. Sword weight is between twenty and twenty-five kilograms. For Long Yuchen, who has two hundred spiritual forces, this weight is nothing.Lin Yin's curiosity said: "Dragon's morning, aren't you guarding the Cavaliers? How did you choose two epee?"Long Haochen was a bit embarrassed: "I already have a shield. I'd like to choose one more sword for my spare. Is it okay?"Lin Yin Jia smiled and said: "Of course it is."Li Haoxiao said: "When you go back, you must familiarize yourself with your own equipment. You will set off early tomorrow morning. If you complete the entry volume task, the monitoring association will directly take you to the league. We will also have a special person to the league first. You arrange everything for the competition."Returning to his place of residence, Li Xinyi and Long Haochen returned home after a good rest. Long Haochen took out the five pounds of dried fish on the way back to give his good partner a pair of lizards, and he couldn't wait to try out the equipment he just got.