Chapter 15 Entry Volume and Equipment (4)As he squatted on his upper body, he immediately felt that the light elements that had gathered around his body seemed to have increased, subconsciously working within the spiritual power. A light golden ray of light is evident on the snoring. Although it does not increase the consumption of psychic power when Long Haochen uses the skill, it is enhanced both in attack and defense.More crucially, this armor is very light and does not affect Long Haochen's actions.As for the pair of big swords, he even more liked it. With the help of spiritual power, the two big swords swiftly radiated, especially the light swords that matched his attributes, and they could spit out the long golden light blade. The fire sword has a slight increase in its attributes, but the fire does not reject light. Under the spiritual power injected in the divine light, it can also exert at least 80 percent of its attack power.Long Haochen probably judged a moment, with this body equipment, his combat effectiveness can be improved by at least 10%. Moreover, with the Forget-me-nots ring, he can always switch his left hand with a sword or a shield, which is equivalent to switching between the guardian knight and the disciplinary knight."Ah, morning." The cold sound came from outside the door."Teacher." Long Haochen rushed forward and opened the door to welcome the night.On the side of the squid that was doing the squid squid saw the Nightingale coming in. Some of them yelled at him in a bad manner. It seemed that they still had some vengeance for the original thing.Long Haochen brought the teacher to the room. Nightingale looked at the scorn on him and said, "Yueyue City is still a big release. However, is there a magic-class equipment? Is it really different?"Long Haochen smiled and said: "It's amazing to have magic equipment. You didn't say anything to the teacher. A truly strong person cannot be overly dependent on equipment."Nightingale snorted and said, "It was time to teach you. Now it's different. Hunting Moss Selection is not just a game. It can be said that it is a war. A bad one will lose your life."Long Hao Chen said: "Teacher, do you have so little faith in me?"Nightingale said: "There is confidence that it is one thing. It is another thing to take precautions. Tomorrow you will set off. I will also go to the Temple Alliance and wait for you to go to the race. This is for you. "While talking, Nightsaw took a gray metal wristlet from his wrist.This wristband only looked outward, but it seemed to be ordinary. But when Nightfall took it off, Long Haochen was surprised to see that the wristband was actually a pale gold one, composed of at least hundreds of grainy golden gems. .It's not true to build equipment Long Haochen, but not knowing these gems does not affect his judgment on this equipment. The mere fluctuation of the luminous properties of the light attributed to it is stronger than that of several pieces of his equipment."The teacher is poor. There is nothing good for you. This Embroidery Bracers can create a Holy Mask after infusing the Spirit. It can be fired three times a day. Each can last for one minute."The holy mask is a defensive skill that can be used by the knights of the Grand Knights. The defensive effect is much stronger than that of the mask. The greatest advantage of the holy mask is that the range is controllable. The greater the coverage, the better the defense will be. reduce. More importantly, there is a certain therapeutic effect in the scope of the holy mask. It is one of the best skills to guard the knight. The only drawback is that the spiritual power consumption is great. Inspired by this skill requires 50 points of spiritual power, and it takes more than 5 points of spiritual power for every second.From this we can see how precious the equipment thrown by Night Glory to Long Haochen is. Each use is equivalent to saving the spiritual power of 350 points! And can be excited three times a day, is definitely a good thing to protect life. In the magic class equipment can be regarded as rare treasures."Teacher, this is too precious. I can't ask."Nightingale's face sank. "Is it too bad? Don't throw it away. I'm going back." As he spoke, he rose and walked out.Long Haochen looked helpless: "I don't mean that, teacher. This wristband is too precious. I..."Nightingale walked to the doorstep and paused. “I have no relatives, only you are an apprentice.” After finishing this sentence, he waved to Long Haochen and motioned him not to send it out and leave alone.Looking at the wrists in his hands, Long Haochen felt warm in his heart. "Teacher, I will not disappoint you."This is where the appointments last night converge. Li Xin rode her rose unicorn, which had grown to the top five in two years, and headed east with Long Haochen.For more than two years, Long Haochen was no longer a child. He naturally felt embarrassed and then took a ride with Li Xin. Nalan Yi sent him a Jianma and rode on the horse and walked alongside Li Xin. ."Ah, what's the guy on that moon? Where are you going?" Li Xin looked around. He couldn't help but find that the two-headed lizard that had stuck to the dragon's morning all day was very curious. Since Long Haochen brings it back, this guy is almost inseparable from Long Haochen.Long Haochen smiled and said: "Sister, it's nearby, waiting for the city to show up naturally."Li Xin is very curious: "I really think that the moon is smarter than my rose. But it is only four levels."Soon, the two siblings came to the East Gate. At this time, the excited Chen Jia Brothers had already been here. Lin Jiayi had not yet arrived."Miss Xiner, Long Xiaodi." Chen Si took the initiative to say hello. Their brothers are very respectful to Li Xin. As for Long Haochen, they only used him as a dependency of Li Xin. After all, Narendra said yesterday that Long Haochen was only 14 years old this year. How much energy can a 14-year-old child have? Li Xin is different, not only is they higher than they are cultivated, but also has such a powerful World of Warcraft unicorn rose. The overall strength is comparable to their brothers. The position of the knight has always been much higher than the soldiers. They naturally hope to have a good relationship with Li Xin.Those who can be selected to participate in the Hunting Moss Trials are talented and outstanding generations. The tests that will soon be faced require the common collaboration of everyone.Li Xin nodded to them and said: "I haven't come yet?"Chen Si smiled and said: "Not yet time. We will wait a while."Li Xin nodded curtly.Both Chen Si and Chen Chen are also riding Jian Ma. At the time they were talking, a carriage drove slowly and stopped just before them.As soon as the curtain was over, Lin Jiaxuan jumped off the carriage first, but she stood there respectfully, and immediately followed an old man from the carriage.The old man looks like he is six or seventy years old. The meticulously slicked hair is meticulous, and the slightly scented hair wax makes the short hair become light. The eyebrows are thick and wide-eyed, but the eyes are slightly cold and the lips are slightly slim. The temperament of arrogance and nobleness gives people a feeling of not being close.Dressed in a light-blue magic robe, the edge of the robe is outlined with gold thread, which also exudes a touch of metallic luster. The active wind element naturally circling around his body. Holding a staff with a long handle, the staff is dark green and has a green-white gemstone of egg size at the top.Lin Jiayi respectfully said: "Take care of adults, you please."The old man nodded and looked at her. The proud eyes became a little softer. “Come on.” Accompanied by Lin Jiaxuan, he went to Long Haochen and others.The crowd rushed off and there was no doubt that the old man was the monitor sent by the Temple Alliance. He was a magician. Although there is no apparent magical fluctuations in him, it is obviously not what Lin Jiayi can match.When the old man came to the crowd, he did not say anything more than a faint saying: "Start."