Chapter 16 The Long Sail (I)"Starting." The old man, who was the watchman, gave a plain voice and gave orders. As he said, his staff only had a random wave, and a mass of blue light covered his body. It was just as if he had left the ground and floated one meter away from the ground."You can be when I don't exist, and I won't give you any help unless you plan to withdraw from this trial." The old man's voice blew in front of him. The glaucoma suddenly became strong. The next moment, this monitoring made the adults disappear out of nowhere.Seeing this monitoring suddenly disappeared, several other people were startled. Only Long Haochen moved his eyes and sublimed his eyes to the back of his body."This is a map." Lin Jiaying pulled a sheepskin map out of his arms and walked out to the crowd. "We have to go eastward and then sneak into the range of Mozu control. These are for you." As she said, she took out five round tokens from her arms. After she left behind, the remaining four were given respectively. Four people.Long Haochen took the token and saw it. The token was beautifully crafted. The whole body was made of silver and it was inlaid with a lavender jewel. Exudes a touch of magical fluctuations.“This is the number plate we took to participate in the hunting demons trial. On the back, we recorded our identity, history, and entry number. If we cannot pass the entrance volume test, the number plate will be supervised so that the adults can take it back. With this number plate, We will not be affected by the garrison of the Alliance, but we will not be helped by them.After entering the territory of Mozu, everything will depend on us. It is best to meet several Mozu patrols as long as we complete the total kill. The death of the 25 Mozu missions will result in retire."Having said this, Lin Jiaxuan paused. After one eye scans Li Xin, he said: "With all of our cultivation, it is not difficult to accomplish this task. However, since we are acting collectively, we must give play to it. The power of the collective, the snake is headless, and before the departure, it is best to select a leader and meet with the war.Li Xin gave a cold cry. "So, are you ready to be the leader?"Lin Jia took a look at her and said nothing at all: "What can it be? Here my cultivation is the highest. I am a magician again. When I am at the rear, I can easily observe the entire battlefield and do the command. ”After Li Xin's brows were slightly wrinkled and thought slightly, he actually nodded to Lin Jiaxuan and said, "Yes, it's up to you to direct."Lin Jia froze. She obviously did not think Li Xin would speak so well. Can not help but look at her with some doubts.Li Xin snorted, “Look at what to read? This lady is both public and private. Even if it is for my brother's return, he will not be vindictive at this time. However, if you misdirect your command on the battlefield, this miss will You are rash to take away your command."Lin Jiaxuan directly chose to ignore the threat of Li Xin and set his sights on the Chen family. "Do you have any opinions?"Chen Si and Chen Chen shook their heads at the same time. The two brothers are full of character and they are not as good as these two big ladies. Naturally, they do not have any opinion."Well, then, let's go." Lin Jiayi issued the first order after she became the leader.Long Haochen stood beside Li Xin with some depressing feelings. She wondered how she did not ask my opinion!At this moment, Lin Jiayi walked over to him. "Long Xiaodi, I can't ride a robe with a robe. You take me. I sit behind you.""Ah?" Long Haochen looked stunned and looked at the gentle, ridiculous Lin Jiaxuan, and then took a look at Li Xin, who suddenly became frosty next to him. For a time he didn't know how to answer.Lin Jiaxuan smiled slightly. He did not look at Li Xin and said: “You are a guardian knight! Isn't it safe to protect the magician?”As she said, she reached out directly to Long Haochen and motioned him to pull himself up."I'll ride with you a ride." The long slender hand stretched out from the side, a Lalinjiayue, she directly put on the horse, but it is Li Xin it.Lin Jiayi was shocked by her and angered: "Who wants to ride with you, you are a disciplinary knight. Can you protect me?"Li Xin said wickedly: "Either you choose Chen Si and Chen Chen brothers, or just like that. You want to take my younger brother cheaper and don't dream. I won't give you a chance." While talking, Li Xin's feet licked the horse's abdomen. The rose unicorn flew on all fours and rushed forward like a red arrow in the disgruntled anger of Lin Jiaxuan.Long Haochen and the Chen brothers looked at each other with a look of helplessness. They rushed to the side to chase them. A dark figure followed them, sticking to the ground, like a black arrow, two heads around, a very excited look.More than four hundred miles away, for the rose unicorn, it is only two hours at most, but they can't work with their ordinary horses in the morning. They set off early in the morning until they approached the evening, and the talents came near the border. .With the selection number plate, the five men successfully passed through the garrison area of ​​the Temple Alliance and left their horses there. After a simple dinner, they quietly entered the Mozu domain.In order to reduce the possibility of being discovered, Li Xin returned the rose unicorn to its space. Taking advantage of the night, passing through a hill, the distance is already the Mozu domain."Stop it first." Lin Jiaying called everyone to stop and once again took the map out. Although she was later considered to have shared a ride with Li Xin by default, her face was still somewhat unpleasant.Everyone surrounded Lin Jiaxuan and Lin Jiaxuan spread out the map and pointed to the top, saying: “We are in this position, and we are stationing the Mozu army about two hundred miles forward. It is unrealistic to directly attack the barracks. It will only make us go without return. Therefore, our task is to wipe out the Mozu scouts in the next few days. From now on, everyone should maintain a good formation. Li Xin, you are at the front, Chen Si Chen Chen, you two brothers are on the wing, Long Xiaodi, you are behind me. If you encounter enemies and listen to my orders, do you understand?”Although his face was not very good, Lin Jiayi was very calm at this time, and his beautiful face was with a bit of majesty.Including Li Xin, everyone nodded.Lin Jiaxuan had a good map. When everyone stood up again, his eyes couldn't help but cast himself in the direction of the Mozu. Tension, excitement, and a little fearful emotion make them all alert. Coming soon to face the enemy of mankind, the heroic feelings in their hearts are more or less inspired."Ye Yue, come out." Long Hao Chen shouted.The black shadow flashed, and the double-headed lizard had come to Long Haochen quietly and silently."Do not be nervous, we are my partners." Long Haochen rushed to explain.Everyone can't help but look at Haoyue. What's most surprising is Lin Jiaxuan. As a magician, her spiritual power is naturally stronger and more powerful than melee, but she has not discovered the existence of Haoyue. .