Chapter 16 The Long Sail (2)"This is your mount partner?" Lin Jialu asked with some doubt.Lin Jiaxuan's eyes showed a slight pity. "Okay, its shape is not obvious. Let's go."Long Haochen took off his shining shield and light sword on his back and walked silently at the end. Five people formed a diamond-shaped battle array, crossed the hills and finally entered the Mozu domain.In front of a large area of ​​plains, one can not see the margins, but when the wind is blowing, but can smell a bit bloody taste.With the appearance of Mozu, it has been 6,000 years since entering the dark age. Whether humans or demons, they have thrown too much blood on this plain.In Lin Jiaxuan's hands, the staff that was not used when dealing with Long Haochen was used. The staff was gently alight in the air, accompanied by a few singing chants. A bird-like transparent light has begun to fly into the sky and flew toward high altitude. Lin Jiaxuan's eyes also covered with a faint light.Hawkeye, a magician who requires magic, can overlook from the air and observe distant places. The higher the revision, the greater the scope of eagle eye observation.Li Xin frowned slightly and said: "The terrain here is too open. It is not conducive to our ambush. You find a place where you can hide your stature."Lin Jialu slightly bowed and said, “There is a hilly area at the front five miles to the left. In front of the hilly area, there is a bush. Let's go there for the time being. Then we move on slowly. There are no enemies within a ten-mile radius. Let’s go.”Li Xin nodded. The people accelerated their pace in accordance with what Lin Jiaxuan said.Long Haochen was surprised to find that on the weekdays, he had met almost noisy and was noisy. At this time, there was no sign of quarreling. One of the five people is headed by the two of them. Li Xin explores the road ahead. Lin Jiaju commands and reconnaissances in the center. The Chen brothers and Long Haochen are very relaxed. Just follow the action.Under the command of Lin Jiaxuan's eagle-eyed technique, the crowds were very cautious. One hour, they used the bunkers on the plains and continued to travel for about fifty miles. Each time a place can be hidden, Lin Jiayi will mark the map and move on.Their route to the territory of the Mozu was carefully selected by several heads of Haoyue City. Starting from the garrison of the Temple Alliance and only two hundred miles from the nearest garrison of the Mozu, the terrain is not favorable. However, it is much more convenient to retreat when you are close.The darkness gradually deepened. After about 80 miles of continuous marching, Lin Jiayi found a bush to order a rest."Can not continue to close, continue to move, it is likely to enter the scope of the magician magician's investigation." Lin Jiahao whispered.Li Xin nodded and said: “I also heard from my father that there were some powerful magicians in the Mozu barracks. The eagle eye exploration distance was as far away as 100 miles. We will move forward and may be found to be very large. Let's wait and see here."The people also ate some food and kept their strength, waiting quietly in the spot. Only Lin Jiaxuan continuously launched Hawkeyes to investigate the surrounding area.One night, it was so quiet. Gradually lightened.After a night's waiting, they did not wait for half a Mozu patrol. Five of them could not help but be stunned. Lin Jiaxuan, who is constantly using Hawkeye, has been slightly tired."Strangely, these Mozu are not patrolling it?" Chen Si said something puzzled.The five people looked at each other in disgust and their faces showed a bit of helplessness. Although they were all good players in the younger generation of Haoyue City, none of them had participated in the war. It seemed that the task, which was not difficult, seemed to become troublesome. There are also restrictions on the availability of this entry. They only have three days in total. If this time is exceeded, they will have no time to travel to the Temple Alliance to participate in the trial.Li Xin frowned and said: "I can't do it. I'll ride the roses deeper and enter the scope of the Mozu exploration. In that case, they should be able to react."Lin Jiaxuan immediately said flatly, "No, it is too dangerous. Your rose unicorn is too obvious. If it is not good, it will cause us to annihilate our strong enemy."When everyone was discussing countermeasures, Suddenly, Long Haochen, who had listened quietly, suddenly shouted, “Be careful, there are enemies.” As he said, the light saber he held in his hand suddenly raised, a layer of pale golden light. The screen instantly covered five people. Spirit mask.Almost in the next moment, violent vibrations came out from under the feet of the crowd. When the mask was broken, but at the same time, it was a layer of spirit masks that lit from under the feet of the dragon's morning, finally blocking the emergence from under the feet. Attack.A spike of about one-meter-five-meter-long, very thick roots clings to the hood of the ray of light. If Long Haochen reacts one step further, then at this moment they will use the body to withstand this attack.The thick spikes are as large as seven or eight, purple-black, with a faint purple-black airflow.The second layer of the mask is not issued by Long Haochen. His skill is not as fast. It is the bright moon under his feet. The skill of the lizard with golden eyes spreads out, and the dragon's morning light mask Perfectly connected, completed this defense for everyone."It is the Rooks." The five are the younger generation of Haoyue City's elite. They responded with brief shocks. When Li Xin shouted, a pair of long swords shining in the red light shook his hands into the ground.Long Haochen, Chen Si, Chen Chen also made the same move.The buzzing sounds continuously and the ground vibrates violently.Lin Jiaxuan's wand fell down a little, a blue light lasing the ground, and Jiao Jiao said: "pull out the weapon."Pulling out from the ground with a weapon of sticky blood, the people just felt that the foot was cold, and the ground was frozen like steel. Lin Jiaxuan used ice wall technology directly under their feet.One by one stout spike rushed out of the ground around the five, and then a figure shadowed out of the ground and surrounded the dragons in the middle of the morning.It was a disgusting creature that looked a bit like humans. Their height is about one-seventh of a metre, bare-chested, and their lower body is fine black scales. The upper body has purple-black skin and three eyes on its head. The most peculiar is its four arms. That's right, each of these monsters has four arms, and each arm has a shape similar to a pointed cone. The arm is completely keratinized, like a three-pointed thorn, and the tip exudes a faint light of coldness.Although Long Haochen and others had learned about the Mozu in their temples, they also watched the atlas of various ethnic groups of the Mozu. However, when they really face Mozu, they are still nervous.Six thousand years ago, seventy-two demon pillars descended on the continent, resulting in the variability of a large number of creatures. Later, they gradually transformed into various powers of the Mozu. Among them, the most important are more than two dozen ethnic races. One of them is the Rook.