Chapter 16 Long Qi Sails (3)Compared with humans, the most terrible place for the Mozu lies in their fighting talent. Both men, women and children can participate in the battle. The talents of the Mozu people are far from comparable to human beings. Even without any cultivation, they can become powerful warriors.The Rooks’ talent is their four spiked arms. Their frontal combat is not very strong, but they are extremely good at sneak attacks. When four arms are lifted together at the top of their heads, they can quickly drill underground. It is running fast. Suddenly, when launching an attack from below, it is hard to prevent.At this time, there were sixteen or seven Rook warriors around the five dragons in the morning. Several spikes did not rush out of the ground. It was obviously a commandment to the dragons in the morning. They were just on the ground. Direct counterattack.As soon as these Rukhs rushed out of the ground, they immediately screamed that Chaolong Hao had rushed over five people in the morning, and his spiky spikes were extremely cold and edgy.Because the enemy is coming from all directions, all but four Lin Jiaxuan must fight for each other. Despite their nervous moods, they are all fourth-ranked professionals. They have no incitement to maintain their good formations and guard Lin Jialu in the center. They each lift weapons.The first thing that was launched was Long Haochen’s bright moon. The two big heads each raised one, and a small fire spouted a fireball. A small light did not show weakness, and a light arrow shot faster.Because the two heads of Haoyue have their own ideas, Long Haochen gave them names according to their attributes. They called Xiaohuo and Xiaoguang.The light of the small light spurt about a foot, and the speed is very fast. The opposite of a Rook fighter has not yet responded. His bang is heard, his head has been shot through, and four spikes have been waved. On the ground.Immediately followed by a roar, another Ruk tried to use the spike to resist the small fire fireball. The block was blocked, but it was also blown out by the fireball's explosive force.The enemy had a total of a dozen, and Long Haochen had only four faces at the same time. Haoyue solved two problems. He naturally had no pressure. A deep humming sound rang out from his mouth. The lightsaber in his hand held his head high. A strange symbol lighted up from his head. It was like a contagion. The symbol instantly split and appeared on top of the other four. Immediately afterwards, a golden halo was rippling from the feet of Long Haochen. Five people in the area of ​​the halo were all covered with a faint golden light.Until Long Haochen completed these two sacred magics, the other two Luke talents he faced rushed to him.The light saber held, but he still had the shield of his left-handed glory. He slammed twice, and the spikes of the two Rook warriors were completely blocked.The golden symbols appearing above the head are guardian knight skills and guarding gifts. When attacked by an enemy, the guardian gift will erupt at the first time to defensive effect and offset the enemy's certain attack power.The golden halo made the dragon's heart tense into tenacity in the morning. This is the belief ring. Like guardian gifts, they are guardian knights' aid skills.With the release of these two skills, Long Haochen’s lightsaber has already fallen, and two light blades that are about a metre wide spread out through the sword, making it easy to open the bodies of the two fronts of the Rook. Small lights and small fires also spit fireballs and light arrows again, killing the Luke warriors that were blown off before. The four enemies on Long Haochen's side have all been resolved.Lin Jiaxuan, who is in the center of the formation, has just completed a magic at this time. Long Hao was so young in age. She had to take care of it first. However, her magic had just been completed and the battle on Long Haochen's side was over. Not only that, he actually released two group skills to assist everyone.“The ice-gun technique.” Four blue lights rose into the sky, fell like a comet, and turned into four ice guns with a length of two meters. They nailed four Rook warriors to the ground and saw that they were not alive.The enemies on both sides of Li Xin and Chen Chen are also settled in the next moment. Chen Si is a shield warrior, and the defense is stronger than the attack. However, there is Lin Jiaxuan's ice pistol assist and he also solved the battle at this time.The frontal fighting ability of the Rook fighters was weak, barely equivalent to the human second-order fighters. Without the opportunity to attack, how could they be the opponents of the four fourth-order strong players?Looking at the dead body in the surrounding area, the people all felt relieved. The enemy of the Luke people came suddenly. Although they are not very strong in their own combat, but if they can not find out in advance from the underground attack, Long Hao Chen will certainly pay a small price."Long Xiaodi, thank you." Lin Jiaying said something pale to Long Haochen. She is a magician. She has a defensive body. If she can't find it after a surprise attack, she is most likely to be killed.The two brothers Chen Si and Chen Chen looked at Long Haochen's eyes changed significantly. Although Long Haochen had helped me in the battle just a few months ago, don't forget that he not only discovered the enemy in the first time, but also used three sacred magics. There was one more than Lin Jiaxuan who was a magician.Aura, Confidence Aura, and Guardian Bounty, although they are skills that can be used by the second-order guardian knight, they are very practical. In addition, he also used two light swords to cleanly kill two enemies. The rapid convergence of skills, Chen Si, Chen Chen two brothers are self-satisfied. There is no doubt that Long Haochen had already proved his strength. He was also a great knight, not what Li Xin was.The 14-year-old knight! Just think about it, the Chen brothers felt a cold heart.The sign of the Grand Cavalier is the use of skill without the use of skills. Long Haochen did not demonstrate such ability. However, his continuous use of skills was enough to prove his strength.At the morning when everyone was surprised to see Long Hao, Suddenly, Long Haochen’s face changed greatly and he shouted again, “Careful.” The golden light shines, and it is the veil of light.However, this time the mask of light was broken almost at the moment of appearance, and at the same time when the mask was broken, all the talented people saw a figure appearing like Linfen at the side of lightning. In a flash of cold, Lin Jiaju wiped his neck.Lin Jiaxuan is located in the center of four people such as Long Haochen. As a magician, she is the focus of protection. At this time, along with the looming figure that broke through the mask, it has already penetrated into the gap between Chen Chen and Li Xin.The speed of the enemy is so fast that most people are still in a daze. Long Haochen's ability to respond to instant glow masks is the ultimate skill he can use. No matter how far or how fast, he can't rescue Lin Jiaxi."Jia--" Li Xin screamed. However, no matter how anxious she is, from launch to rescue, it takes time and how it can be done.Sen Lin’s razor-triggered Lin Jiaxuan's neck skin shuddered. When Long Haochen shouted caution, she felt the coldness. Not to mention she was a big magician, even a maestro. There is no way in this situation.Is death coming? At this moment, Lin Jiaxuan was no more than sad and unhappy. As if the razor had cut her throat, it seemed to feel that the soul was away from the body.