Chapter II Mysterious New Teacher (2)噗-, 咔嚓..., 砰-Three different voices appeared almost immediately afterwards, but the distinctions were particularly obvious. The first sound is naturally the wooden sword cut out on the stake, and the second sound is the sound of wooden sword breaking. Yes, the wooden sword could not withstand the dragon's morning chop, breaking off from the middle. Fortunately, it was not broken completely.The last sound is the sound of a falling collision. Long Haochen, who also maintained a chopping action, clearly saw that the highest position it had bounced before reached the 25th mark.Is this true? It is true that the wooden sword break has proved this. Barza once said to them that the highest endurance of the wooden sword they used was Spirit 20.Although Long Haochen did not have too many concepts for becoming a knight, he nevertheless emerged from the level of the first-servant knight to the second-servant knight, and he still produced a surprise level of shock."Huh?" A whisper stunned Long Haochen, subconsciously looking back, suddenly surprised to find, do not know when, behind him there is already a middle-aged man.Although Long Haochen was shocked, he was not afraid. The middle-aged man in front of him looked curiously.The middle-aged man is tall and slender, dark-haired and dark-skinned, with high-spirited looks, and his eyes are especially bright. Can not describe him with handsome, more appropriate for some majesty. Simple clothes, cold face, from him, Long Hao Chen can feel an invisible pressure. It is like the sturdy mountains that do not see the peaks.After a short-lived surprise, the middle-aged man quickly returned to normal, his brow furrowed, and he also looked at Long Haochen."Who are you?" Long Haochen asked curiously.Middle-aged people said indifferently: "You passed the knight appraisal yesterday. From today, I am your new teacher. You can call me teacher Xing Yu."Long Haochen hesitated: "But I never saw you."Starlight said lightly: "Your name is Long Haochen. This year is nine years old. Your mother's name is Baiji. I'm right?"Xingyu's eyes suddenly became a bit condensed. "When Balza came about, let's say it again." As he spoke, he didn't say anything more, just in one direction, his lips twitching slightly.Just a moment's work, the hurried footsteps sounded. Long Haochen saw Balzaar sprint through, and his face was still strongly shocked and respectful."The instructor is good." Long Haochen saw Barza and immediately performed a knight ceremony for him.Surprisingly, Barza did not return as usual, but quickly walked in front of Xingyu, respectful: "Adults."Xing Yu nodded. "Tell him I'm his new instructor.""Yes." Barza rushed to Long Haochen said: "Sungwoo adults come from the Knights of the Crescent City Hall. Starting today, he will be your knight instructor for the next three years. You must all listen to the guidance of Xingyu adults. Yu Da Ren is a real knight.""Oh." Long Hao Chen Hao promised, in fact, he did not even know what the difference between the prospective knight and the real knight. But since it is a new instructor, he will follow the new teacher training."Mr. Xingyu." While thinking about it, he said hello to Xingyu. Compared with his peers, his heart is indeed more mature and more stable."Well, let's go." Xing Yu said, naturally pulling Long Qianchen's hand outward. Just before taking a step, his eyes concealed from the pretty little face of Long Haochen.Xing Yu's hand is very large, and the fingers are long and generous. His hand is almost completely covered with the hands of Long Haochen. Warm and safe, this is the feeling of Long Haochen."Mr Xing Yu, do we not practice here?" Out of Odinzi Hall, Long Haochen could not help but ask.Xing Yudao: "Not suitable here."Feeling the chilliness of Xingyu's tone, Long Haochen had no interest in asking more questions.Barza watched them go back and said to himself, with a bit of surprise,: "This adult doesn't know what identity he was. Is that just a voice? It's at least the Earth Knight who has this ability. No, maybe it's a knight? God!"Xingyu walked out of Oding Town with Long Haochen and had just emerged from the town. Suddenly, Long Haochen only felt a warm, vigorous and huge energy coming from Long Xingyu's hands. The next moment, he was like a cloud and fog. Strange scene appeared.Every time Xing Xing’s tiptoe taps on the ground, he will take him at least ten feet away. At least a few breaths, Odin Town has been left behind by them.Such a speed is very similar to that for Long Haochen. He can do nothing but hold Xingyu's hand tightly, fearing that he will fall out.Soon, they passed through the forest where they picked wild vegetables yesterday morning and climbed a mountain behind the forest. Long Haochen is very familiar here, after all, he grew up here. This mountain is known as Oding by the people of Odin. But because there are often beasts in the mountains and in the forests they passed before, there have even been World of Warcraft, so few people come here. He also visited Oding Mountain at the foot of curiosity six months ago. There he saw a beast that was not famous, scared to swiftly slip, and since then, Long Haochen had never gone deeper into the forest, let alone entered Odingshan."Teacher, there are beasts on this side, there may be World of Warcraft." Long Haochen kindly reminded.Xing Yu likes not to hear him at all, but the speed has accelerated somewhat. He took him directly to Mount Odin. Even in the process of climbing, his speed did not slow down. The surrounding scenery quickly passed from both sides, and the wind blew the hair of Long Haochen all over.Odin Mountain is not very high, only about two hundred Zhang’s appearance, just a moment's work they came to the top of the hill.Three cabins appeared in Xingyu's sight. There were no yards, only three solitary wooden houses, and it was clear that the new level of wood had just been constructed.It was until the front of the hut that Xingyu stopped and took Long Haochen into the biggest room in the central area.As you enter the door, a faint smell of wood in the huts is not unpleasant to smell, but it has a slight fragrance. The largest wooden hut in the center, but the room is only the most simple furnishings, a wooden bed is not even bedding, a wooden table, two wooden chairs. It's that simple, even simpler than Long Haochen's home."Sit down." Xing Yu pointed to the chair and opened himself to sit down.Long Haochen sat down honestly. Although he was young and had little experience, he could also feel that his teacher was very strong. In the midst of tension, there is a certain amount of excitement.“First talk about what you met yesterday? Why does the spiritual power double?” Xingyu said faintly, his face no expression, but the words brought some invisible pressure to Long Haochen."Yesterday was like this..." Long Haochen didn't think he had anything to hide, and he told everything that happened yesterday.While listening to him, Xingyu only wrinkled his brow slightly during the entire process. The others did not express anything.