Chapter 16 The Long Sail (4)"When--" A whisper sounded like a wave-like rippling figure back three steps to stand firm.what happened? Whether it was Li Xin or the Chen brothers, their eyes widened at the moment of desperation. Because they saw a totally unbelievable scene.When the mask was released, Long Haochen breathed a soft white light at the chest and the light was not strong, but he fell on the body of the invisible figure immediately after Lin Jiazhen's neck skin was attached to the blade.What was even more strange was that the figure was suddenly covered in a faint white light, showing its outline. His razor then ran through Lin Jiazhen's neck, but did not draw her throat but instead stabbed Long Yuchen. The sound of that, is that Long Haochen blocked the sound of the other person's strike with his shield of glory."After, when, when, when, when, when ... ..." a series of bursts of sound almost crazy from the hands of the dragons in the morning of the morning light ring. The invisible shadow that cast a white light on the dragon began a stormy offensive, but it was completely blocked by Long Haochen.The Shield of Glory in the hands of Long Haochen is like an insurmountable scorpion, allowing the opponent to attack him madly, but he can't go further."Ah--" Lin Jiaxuan was able to scream at this time. There was a slight pain in his neck but it was cut through a bloody mouth. Her strong fear made her awake and completely forgot the attack. No matter how excellent she was when she was practicing in the magical city of Haoyue City, she was just a girl who had never been on the battlefield. Her life and death had caused her heart to collapse.Or Li Xin's response was quickest. He did not hesitate to make a cross from behind to the invisible figure.The invisible enemy was indeed terrible, and his body was slightly twisted in the air. It was strange that he escaped from Li Xin's attack. It was strange that he looked for Long Haochen in general and the attacks were all concentrated on Long Haochen's body."What are you doing, hurry to attack." Li Xinjia shouted, awakening Chen Si and Chen Chen's brothers, and also letting Lin Jialu in a panic wake up a bit.At the foot of the dragon's morning, Haoyue also launched an attack. Fireballs and light arrows continued to sneak into the invisible enemy.At this time, the crowd can already see some of them. The invisible enemy is completely human. Apart from being able to hide itself, it is no different from humans. Both hands hold the same transparent blade, the upper and lower range. The attacks of the two heads of the month were all broken by his sharp edge, and they were not affected by the slightest attribute."Cyclone." Chen Chen burst into a cry, the hands of a pair of fire attribute swords are on both sides of the body, the whole person into a red vortex crashed toward the invisible shadow.Li Xin leaped high, and the two swords in his hands merged and broke out in the air.Chen Si is a shield warrior, and is better at defense. He has circumnavigated to the side of Long Haochen, trying to help Long Haochen resist part of the attack, but the invisible enemy always attacks Long Yuchen alone.In the face of everyone's attack, the body of the invisible enemy suddenly paused strangely in the air. Immediately afterwards, a burst of dark red light filled with blood was radiating from the body.The first thing was Chen Chen. Whirlwind hit the dark red light. He stunned and the whirlwind stopped. The whole person even fell back to the side.At this time, the gap between all the people's cultivation is evident. With a loud cry, Li Xin and his two swords squatted on the dark red light. Although they were also bombed, the invisible enemy was a flash. It was obviously attacked by Li Xin.However, with the help of this short time, the pair of sharp hands in the enemy's hands suddenly turned into dark red, and the tip of the toes is on the ground. The whole person is like a tornado that traverses, with a pair of dark red razors as the tip, straight. Ben Longhao sprints away.There was a harsh ripped sound in the air. If you look from a distance, you will find that the invisible enemy is like a dark red lightning.Long Haochen face Shen Ning, handsome face no expression, a clear golden eyes filled with calm, not like the only fourteen-year-old boy.Lunge, frame shield, in an instant, Long Haochen, the whole person is like a rock that is set there.When -, loud noise, Long Haochen suddenly burst into flames, and the invisible enemy is a meal in the air by the anti-earthquake.The dragon's right hand, which Long Haochen had never used before, finally moved. The light sword weighed down with the eye-catching sacred golden light. The golden light just around his body was injected into the light sword in his hand at this moment.Since the invisible enemy was blocked because of the attack, it was only necessary to set up a pair of dark red razor blades to resist.With a bang, the invisible man was slammed on the ground and screamed in his mouth. Even the ground was slammed into a shallow pit by his body.In the very next moment, a mass of sun-like light glows behind his back, with rich golden red light, falling from heaven with the power of light and fire."Ah--" The screams sounded, but it just continued for a moment and it came to an abrupt end. The invisible body was cut in half by Li Xin's uncle, and the dark green blood spattered. The original invisibility also revealed.Chen Si responded quickly, without hesitation immediately close to the pale face of Lin Jiaxuan, holding the heavy shield in his hand, his body exudes a layer of light yellow to protect him and Lin Jiaxi."What are you doing?" Li Xin yelled at Lin Jiaying.If Long Haochen just blocked the enemy's offense after the attack, Lin Jiayu could participate in the attack. It is obviously easier for them to deal with this invisible enemy.Lin Jiayan gasped and sighed. His eyes were full of horror. He gradually recovered in Li Xin's drinking buzz."Sister, forget." Long Haochen quickly pulled Li Xin. The crisis is not necessarily relieved. No one knows whether or not there is an enemy. Guilt is fatal.Li Xin turned to look at Long Haochen, with a few splendors in her eyes. There is no doubt that if it wasn’t for the performance of Yanjuan’s surprise in the morning, Lin Jiayi was already dead.Although the final blow was done by Li Xin, Long Haochen almost resisted all the offensive enemies. If it weren’t for him that he was rock-solid, like the defense of Mount Tai, and the revenge of the light that broke out with the power of God’s defense, he would mobilize the light sword to hurt his opponent. With this invisible ability of the inferno, Miriam might not be able to kill him. .Chen Si Chen remarked: “We have no pastors and we cannot display the real eye. If there is such an invisible opponent, it is too dangerous. What should we do now?”Lin Jiaxuan lowered his head and his eyes revealed a hustle and bustle. In fact, it was not that she was not outstanding. It was all too sudden."Dragon brother, my heart has become chaotic. It is not suitable for continuing to direct. You or Li Xin will direct everyone."Li Xin said without hesitation: "In the morning, you command."Age is never the measure of strength. Two times, it was Long Yuchen’s discovery of the enemy at the first time. This prevented everyone from being hurt. Although the other four people did not know how he did it, he was already very satisfied with him.Long Haochen did not resign and he replied: “The enemy must have discovered a special way to discover us. This rook stalker was sent to attack us, and then from here the Croak invisible warriors from the side The sneak attackers were the Rooks stalkers who were twenty invisible ones, we have already killed twenty-one enemies and have completed four missions, which is far from the Alliance Frontier and the enemy has found a way to find us. We must know that the people they sent have failed, and we will definitely send strong men again to attack us. We immediately leave here and slowly retreat towards the league. If we have the opportunity to complete the task, we must first return to the vicinity without a chance. We must first save ourselves. Can fight better."