The seventeenth chapter green double knife magic (a)Although Long Yuchen is young, he has instilled innumerable knowledge and experience on the battlefield, whether it is Long Xingyu or Nightlife. Calmness is the top priority and protecting yourself is more important than defeating the enemy.Lin Jiaxuan's eyes could not help but fall on the Ink invisible again. The Dikes have already belonged to the middle class in the Mozu and are good at stealth, speed and attack. Their appearance is not very different from that of humans. It is only a narrow face, gray skin, and an arm longer than humans. The attack power is quite amazing. Especially in the invisible situation, it is hard to prevent. Born to be the magician's nemesis.Most importantly, their invisible ability can only be revealed by the skill of the light attribute or the real eye of the pastor. In each war, there are a large number of Croak invisibles who hide and hunt human magicians.The most common Dirk invisibles are equal to the strength of human fourth-order fighters, and they have even passed. As middle-class arms, they are able to improve their abilities through cultivation. This is a far cry from the rook stalker."Start it." Long Haochen whispered, "Also keep the original formation, I come after the break. Sister, you do not call roses, this is our hidden fighting power, if the enemy sent troops to chase us, we are also a lot of cards.""Good." Li Xin took two swords and glanced at Lin Jiaxuan, and he quickly moved forward.Lin Jiaxuan took a deep breath of dawn cold air, forcibly restrained his own unsteady mind, gave himself a floating technique, quickly followed behind Li Xin. The Chen brothers and Long Haochen also moved and continued to maintain the diamond formation and galloped toward the Temple Alliance.While wailing, Long Haochen secretly summed up the process of fighting just now.He can find the enemy twice in succession, or because of his perception of the mutated spirit. Since he was immersed in the blood of the Mount of Knights and the moon, he has discovered that not only has the spiritual power of the outside world been showing signs of sustained growth in the past six months, but also his perception has become more acute than ever before.The Dick Invisible Man himself has the ability to hide breath, although it is only at a short distance to be perceived by him, but it is also enough to prove that his perception is strong. Through the just-handed match, Long Haochen can also judge that the strength of the inhabitants of the Croats is probably close to the fifth-order.More importantly, just this battle, Long Haochen used the ability of the spirit stove for the first time.When the Dirk invisible was discovered, he released the mask of the psychic. At that time he did not know who the enemy was, but he was able to fully affirm that the level of defense of the reticle was bound to stop the opponent. Therefore, at the same time when he launched the mask, he first inspired his Holy Spirit. It is the white light that shines from his chest.The moment the Holy Wizards hit the opponent, Long Haochen clearly felt that he had locked the other's soul. Although the power of this hobnail did not have any ability to attack and defend, the Dirks had to transfer their attack targets and attack the dragon's morning that was dragging him. It is also with the traction of the Holy Spirit in order to save Lin Jiayi's life. Otherwise, with Long Xichen's current repairs, there is no time to rescue.Under the guidance of Nightingale, in the past six months, Long Haochen often practiced using the Holy Spirit, and Nightingale also explained the mysteries and various functions of the Holy Spirit in detail. Now Long Haochen can use the range of Holy Induction Cooker to reach about 20 meters. If the enemy exceeds this distance, then the effect of his holy furnace will disappear.Lin Jiaxuan once again released an eagle eye in the air. Although Hawkeye could not detect the Rooks and the Dick, the Rooks did not threaten them very much. The Dick, even among the Mozu, belonged to rare arms. There may not be a second one. In addition to these two, most of the Mozu can still be detected with Hawkeye."There are enemies." Lin Jiamin shouted.The crowd stepped and Li Xin asked: "How much?"Li Xin rolled her eyes and rolled her eyes. "What is your one hell?"Lin Jiayi did not quarrel with her this time, and she replied, "It is the green Zerin double-knife. It is very fast and is chasing after us."After listening to her words, including Long Haochen, all of them face discolored and sucked cool.The Zelin is the largest family of the Mozu and the largest number. According to the survey conducted by the Temple Alliance, the total population of the Zelin is at least 3 million. Almost every year on the battlefield, there are hundreds of thousands of Zerins. die.The ordinary Zelin double-knife is the most common pawn of the Mozu. They are not mutated by humans, but the original seventy-two demon gods descended from a variant of Warcraft. At first, this kind of power was only a small amount of the Mozu people of the second-order primary warriors, but they had amazing reproduction ability. For thousands of years, the number of races has continued to increase, and it has gradually become the Mozu's largest race.If it is just an ordinary double-pole devil, any one of the five dragons in the morning can deal with at least dozens of them without any problems. The key lies in the green and blue description of Lin Jiayu.The ordinary Zerin family of double-knife magic is presented in black and the whole body is crustacean. If it is described in terms of human beings, it can be said that only external spiritual power and no inner spiritual power are completely dependent on the physical melee family.And when the black shells of the Zelvin double-knife become aquamarine, it means that they have undergone at least one mutation. It is the king of Zelin. Almost a 10,000 double-knife magic, there will be a green double knife magic. The strength of this Zerin king is the real fifth-order power. Close combat capability is extremely powerful. Often fifth-order fighters cannot compete with them.Before that, the invisible intrinsic strength of the Croats may be close to the fifth-order, but it is absolutely impossible to reach the fifth-order. Whether it is human or Mozu, the fifth-order is a watershed, which is equivalent to the difference between a knight in the knight and a knight in the earth. Even between the 9th-level knight and the 1st-level knight, there is an insurmountable nature. There is no doubt that this sudden green double-knife is a powerful force that may annihilate them."What to do?" Lin Jiaxi's eyes look to Long Haochen.Long Haochen slightly hesitated for a moment and asked, "Can I still find other demons?"Lin Jiaxuan shook his head and said: "If we don't find it, we will only have this one. If even the Mozu found us, it wouldn't send a big army to the army, a green double-edged sword demon that was enough for the devil to serve as a guard, plus one place. The Croak invisibles and the twenty Roker stalkers are already quite worthy of us. I guess at least there will be no Mozu reinforcements."Long Hao took a deep breath in the morning and his eyes showed a firm light. “You can't hide. The speed of the green and black swords is not what we can. It will be overtaken sooner or later. Everyone restores spiritual power in situ, sister, When you summon the roses, we will fight it out with it. As long as we pass through this level, we will have the opportunity to withdraw our alliance.""Good." Li Xinben was a newborn calf who was not afraid of the tiger. He immediately summoned the roses and turned himself over to the rose unicorn and suddenly the power rose.