The seventeenth chapter green double knife magic (2)Rose is a five-level top-level Warcraft, is only one step away from the sixth-order, World of Warcraft and human ranks is down compared to the first, it is basically equivalent to a peak knight repair, than the presence of everyone is stronger, there are With its help, it is naturally more important to deal with the advantages of green and black.Lin Jiaxuan has calmed down a lot at this time and continues to observe with eagle eyes. "At most three minutes, we can see it."Long Haochen made a decisive move and said: "I will continue to hold the main defense later, and I will not scold you. I used the power of the spirit stove when I was intriguing to the inhabitants of the Dick Croats. It is estimated that you should listen. I said so, after I stopped the green and the two-edged sword, you could let go without any scruples before I was killed by it, and I didn't know how long I could resist. The strongest attack will kill it."The five of them had only three professions, knights, warriors, and magicians. They had never worked together before. When faced with invisible ones, they were already confused. Therefore, Long Haochen must have certain arrangements.When we heard the words of the Holy Spirit, the eyes of the people could not help but light up, especially Lin Jiaxuan. As the daughter of the conscientious officer of Haoyue City, she knew more about the spirit stove than the Chen brothers. Also immediately understand that it was the Holy Spirit that had saved her life.Li Xin looked at Long Yichen with a startled look. "Ah, what the hell is your sister?"Long Haochen apologized and said, "I'm sorry, my sister, the teacher told me not to say, I..."Li Xin smiled and said: "Well, now is not the time to say this. First kill the green two-pole devil and I will settle with you."The two brothers Chen Si and Chen Chen looked at each other and their eyes looked a little stunned. The fourteen-year-old knight had a spiritual furnace that they could not even think about.Chen Sidao said: "In the morning, I help you to help defense. It's just you, I'm afraid..."Long Hao nodded in the morning and said, “Chen Big Brother, you will fight for some time with the shield from the side. I will use the defensive shield for defense, but after each block, I must borrow. The spiritual power comes out to use God again to block the block. Big Brother Chen, you have to fight for me to fight for this moment of time. If we cooperate well, then the green two-handed sword is before our spiritual power is exhausted. Did not break our defense possible."Chen Si swallowed a saliva, "just now that you blocked the inhabitants of the Dukak instinct is the defensive of God. Just now, I'm not sure, it turned out to be really."Long Haohe chuckled and blinked at him, saying: "Big Brother will keep me secret!"Chen Si handed over an eye I know, standing about two meters from the side of Long Haochen.Although they have not cooperated before, but everyone is the leader of the younger generation of Haoyue City after all. There is Long Haochen as the core, and it is much easier for other people to cooperate with them.Lin Jiayi retreated to a little farther place. Li Xin and Chen Chen were on both sides. The five people waited quietly together.It can be said that it was precisely because of the Holy Spirit's possession that they had the opportunity to challenge the green and the double-edged swords. Otherwise, they let this fifth-order strong man let go and attack. Others may not be able to resist it.Although it was the first time to use the Holy Spirit to enter the battle, Long Haochen had already realized that this assaultless, defensive force of the spirit furnace had a tremendous effect on team operations. Also realized that the night is known as the most suitable guardian knight spiritual furnace meaning.Looked at the hands of the lightsaber, Long Hao Chen secretly in the heart, my father said yes, only in the real battle, in order to enhance their own strength.On the strong figure, Long Haochen was far from being able to compare with the brothers Chen Si and Chen Chen. He was only 14 years old, but at this time he was the mainstay among the five. In the face of the fifth-order strongman, he is not afraid. I am afraid that only five of them are. He has really tried to fight with the best-in-class fifth-order strong man.At this time, the sun has risen slowly from the far east, and brought the light back to the earth. On the distant horizon, under the golden sunlight, a blue-green figure gradually appeared in the vision of the five people.Long Haochen slowly closed his eyes at this moment and adjusted the inner spiritual power in his chest.Holy inspiration stove. It is not only the enemy but also my inner spiritual power! In the previous war, in the process of urging the spirit furnace, the spiritual power within itself was at least 20% faster than usual. As for the legendary treasure of the spirit furnace, Long Haochen is now becoming more and more interested.The green and blue colors are constantly magnified in front of everyone's eyes. Li Xin, Lin Jiaxuan, Chen Si and Chen Chen, all invariably clenched their weapons.This is not the usual practice. They are really faced with a strong enemy who is repaired up to the fifth level. Failure cannot be repeated because failure means death.Finally, they were able to see the appearance of the green-green figure.The green blade is about two meters high. It is about three meters in length. Its powerful limbs slam every time the body can rush out four or five feet. Behind it, there is a pair of wings that are not very wide. This pair of wings cannot make it fly, but it can keep its magnificent body in balance during the forward stroke. The hateful head is a bit like a lizard, but it is more spacious and reveals a sharper tooth. The most embarrassing is the pair of forelegs that grow on its shoulders.This is a one-meter-meter-five-footed forelegs, and it is very thick. Its limbs used for running can only be regarded as supporting the body. Forelimbs rise in the front section of the head. Each forelimb has three razor-like spikes. The sharpest spike on the outermost side is the longest, it is a foot and a half, the second spike is about a foot, and the third spike is shorter. Two sturdy forearms with a total of six sharp blades shine with faint glimmer. The two forearms are double-edged swords. If it is an ordinary double-blade magic, there is only the sharpest blade on the forearm. The stature is also much smaller than this green double-knife.As this green double-edged sword approached the range of five hundred meters, the dragons in the morning with their eyes closed suddenly opened their eyes. Long eyelashes were slightly raised, and the clear pale golden eyes could be witnessed and even reflected. Out of the green double-pole demons. There was a sudden burst of intense fighting throughout the entire person.For a distance of 100 meters, it is just a few ups and downs for the green double-pole devil."Humble human beings dared to kill my Mozu warriors and go to hell." The green blades spit out their voices and sound like Hong Zhong. A word hasn't been said yet. Its huge figure has already been rushed.The white light shone, and the Holy Spirit was launched. When the green-green double-knife had just entered the twenty-meter range, Long Haochen had locked it in an instant.Obviously, the green-green double-edged sword was sluggish for a moment. Then, without hesitation, he leaped up in the direction of Chao Long Chenchen. A bright green carapace shone in the sunshine like a cluster of green light and descended towards Long Haochen. , Huge forelimbs weigh heavily."Boom -" The first collision was not here in Long Haochen, but the magic started by Lin Jiaxuan.Four long ice guns were bombarded on the green-green double-pole demons.