The seventeenth chapter green double knife magic (3)However, the heart of the five people at the same time is a sinking, these four ice-gun bombarded on the green turtle double-knife magic shell even after an instant broken, into numerous scattered ice crystals, only to leave a few white traces on it.Strong defense. It is worth noting that the number of close combat units with the largest number of Mozu.Green-green double-edged magic does not have any skills, but its fifth-order strength is all embodied in the body, how can it not be strong?"Hey--" Dragon's morning in the hands of the golden shield on the shield of light, God defended against the grid to block the green double-pole magic from top to bottom and a heavy blow. He suddenly had a strong golden light on his entire body. However, at this moment, Long Haochen's pupils shrank violently.The attacking power of the green double-pole demons was even stronger than he had imagined. The current spiritual power in the dragon's morning was as high as 1,600 or more. With the help of God, who is currently used for cultivation, even the top earth knight can't break without using his skills. Because even if it is a nine-level knight, the spiritual power will not exceed 4,000, and more than 4,000 will be the knight. And God's parry can withstand up to three times the power of his own body. Otherwise it will not be called the Knight's most unsolved skill.This is the case, in the face of the heavy green double-pole devils, Long Haochen in the perfect defense of the God Yuge block, but still back two steps to stand firm. Moreover, at the same time, he also discovered that only the "heavy knife" is the only one that has fallen on the shield of his glory.At this time, the difference between the fifth and fourth orders is fully apparent. Before the inhabitants of the Croats were stopped by the dragon's mortal god, the body appeared a momentary delay, but this green double-edged sword had no response at all. The other heavy knife was swept almost instantaneously. Towards the morning of the dragon's head.Due to the miscalculation of the green double-pole magic attacks, Chen Si's shield has just started to slow down. Long Haochen blocked the strike and the body was also a violent shock. In desperation, only the light sword in his hand was lifted, and the revenge of the condensed light was aided by the help of God's Guardian to resist the sharp edge on the forelimb of the green blade.In the next moment, Long Haochen’s body was like a cannonball. He was usually thrown by a bang and flew out to the ground. The tyrannical impact force almost instantly shattered his tiger's mouth and the lightsaber flew far.A mouth, Long Hao morning is a mouthful of blood, he has been injured.The defensive deity is not God, and Long Haochen is not a radiant knight who can fully display the defensive power against the mighty power. He does not really face such a powerful demon like the Green Blades. He will never recognize this fellow. How terrible the attack is. However, Long Haochen’s efforts are not without gains.The next moment, the green two-pole demon dragon flies in the morning, Chen Si's heavy shield has already crashed into it.The green-green double-pole demons were slightly smashed by the shield and impacted body, and Chen Si was forced by its body's anti-shock force to retreat only seven or eight steps before standing by.The attacks of Li Xin and Chen Chen arrived at this time.Chen Chen jumped up in the air as the whole person, the two handles sparkled with a dazzling fire of the epee with a fierce spiritual power squatted on the green and black knife magic. The warrior's fleas add flames. Without the worries of defense, he broke out wildly as a Berserker.With a thud, the green and double-knife smashed into the body and was suddenly knocked down by a bomb that he had bombarded. The flame double sword also left two traces of charred black on it.The rose unicorn was just like a red cloud at this time. A red light from the rose unicorn revealed it, and it turned into a spiritual state. Split shadow strike, rose unicorn talent skills.Unbalanced green double-knife magic impinges flew up. Its powerful forelimb quickly slammed on the ground, keeping the body in balance. The whole body curled slightly and rebounded again, aiming at Long Haochen.Under the traction of the Holy Spirit Stove, even if other people's attack power is stronger, it must kill the dragons before they can fight back. This is the effect of the spirit furnace. At this time, Long Haochen had just stood up from the ground.A soft white light fell on Long Haochen's body at this time. The warm spiritual power quickly healed the wounds of his tiger's mouth. Under the infusion of warm energy, the guilty guilty was also much more comfortable.The light of healing is released by the small light in the double moonlight of the moon. At the same time, five head-sized fireballs were successively bombarded on the green double-knife. The power of Lianzhu fireball is not enough to cause damage to the green double-knife, but it makes the body pause in the air.Haoyue was already around Long Haochen this time. Her powerful four-limbs propped up her body and raised her head to her feet. She stared unabashedly at the green double-edged sword.Long Haochen did not stay in the same place waiting for the green-green double-edged sword. He instantly made a charge towards the side. He had to meet with his partners to deal with this guy. In the course of the assault, he smoothly picked up his own lightsaber.The green double-knife's body is really tough and under continuous attack, it has no effect on its speed. Limbs fall to the ground, the body instantly turned to chase Longyin morning rushed over.“吼 吼 ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” 就 就 就 就 就 就 就 就 吼 吼 吼 吼 吼.Strange to say that before being siege by the crowd, there was no shortage of fourth-order skills that couldn't stop it from moving. At this time, under the anger of Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo, the green double-pole demons actually fell. Sen's eyes looked a little more uncertain.In the wake of its pause, Long Haochen reunited with his partners. He turned to Chen Si and the two stood side by side.Lin Jiaju stood there and sang a spell quickly after the ice rifle surgery took no effect. The spell was very lengthy. She held high around the staff in the air and was rapidly bringing together strange blue symbols. The water element is becoming more and more intense around her body.Li Xin was riding on the back of a rose unicorn with a radiant light on his face. His hands were leaning on both sides of the unicorn. The crimson red light emitted from the thick golden light and the rose unicorn was rapidly blending.Haoyue Shuangyi invariably chooses to save power. If you can't really recreate the green and the double-edged swords, no matter how magical the dragon's vengeance and the spirit of the gods, they can't escape the fate of annihilation. They have all come up with the power to press the bottom of the box.Compared with them, the two brothers Chen Si and Chen Chen are obviously worse. They do not have so many details and are the most nervous."Chen Big Brother is still just like that. You don't need to shoot ahead of time." The sound of Long Haochen's calmness made Chen Si's heart peaceful, and the belief aura was released from Long Haochen's body. All five of them were enveloped.The green-green double-edged sword that has paused for a moment has rushed over again, forcing the “double-knife” to go straight into the dragon's morning.This time, Long Haochen did not stand still and used God to parry directly. Instead, he took a step toward the green and green swords.Almost exactly the same as before, the double blades of the green-green double-edged sword did not fall at the same time. The first knife fell and suddenly the dragon's footsteps accelerated at the foot of the morning and made a sideways motion to the side. Immediately afterwards, the shield of his shining light in his left hand was. Oblique, white light burst out from the shield of light shine out, forming a thick layer of white light pattern attached to the surface, the first instant collision with the green knife magic knife together.