The seventeenth chapter green double knife magic (4)Shield of the Holy Ghost, guarding the knight shield defensive skills, and the energy shield of the sacred light spiritual power."Hey--" This first knife of the green-green double-knife magic actually crossed the shield and cut it into the ground. The dragon's body was only slightly flashing, but only for a moment, his body settled. Once again make a rock solid God parry.When the second knife hits the Shield of Glory at this moment, Golden Light rises, and Long Yuchen finally completes the obstruction of the green and black swords in front.It was only the shield of the holy shrine that could not stop the first blow of the green and green swords. But with the side shield's force relief techniques taught by Nightlight, it was barely blocked.The lightsaber held high and a ring of halos that glowed with spikes bloomed from Long Haochen.Guardian knight skills, assault aura. Increases the effectiveness of all spiritual attacks by 10%.With the revenge of the light brought by the slaying block of the god, the display skills can save the inner spiritual power and increase the skill effect. The remaining four people once again shrouded the halo of halo.This time, Chen Si did not make mistakes again. Heavily shielded smash hit the side of the green-green double-edged sword, and after the increase in the halo of the attack and the all-out impact, the green blade was knocked down by him. One meter. Chen Si himself was also stunned and fell back a few steps ass fell to the ground.A glistening, long-spirited red sword flew from the side like a flash of lightning, and the glowing red mans made the entire blade become red. With a bang, the abruptly stabbing into the amethyst double-knife magic waist shell and crack half-foot from the side. Attracted the green double-knife magic pain called. "Double knife" swept away.Chen Chen took the desperate fire of the day fire thorn, this is the fourth order to repair his strongest blow, and finally broke through the crevices green magic defense.With the help of Chen Si, Long Haochen exchanged his breath and the Shield of Shining spreads. The Shield of the Holy Spirit is released again.噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 噗 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , In order to withstand this blow, he once again spit out blood. However, the Shield of Glory was not able to stand in front of others and was taken to the side.The lightsaber replaced the shield, and the defensive shield was used again by God. Long Hao Chen mouth and nose, blood flow.The golden red light, as if it were split throughout the world, turned into a long rainbow blast, but the bang's impact was on the sword of fire that had pierced the green and the double-edged sword."Oh--" The green roar of the two-pole demons is crazy, and its sword is not in its body. It was Li Xin who made the strike. The fusion of light and fire, the dance of light flames, and the fusion technique of her rose unicorn.A glimmer of blue light flashed silently at this moment, just from the open mouth of the green knife.Biguang penetrated from the back of his head.Lin Jiaxuan kept his position in front of the staff, but his face was already pale. This ice pin almost freed all her remaining spiritual power.In Long Haochen's hands, the lightsaber slammed into the ground and a circle of golden light broke out from around his body, punishing the knights' skills and ascending to the sky.The impact of golden light, just lifted the "double-pole" green double knife magic pair of forearm shock. The Shield of Light shining back to his chest hits his chest instantly. Hit it hard and knock it off three meters.The light of white healing fell on Long Haochen again. Haoyue did not know when he had drilled between Long Haochen and the green and green swords. A red ring of fire rose from the top of the small fire to resist the ring of fire. At the same time role in the green-green double-pole magic and Long Hao morning.The green double-edged sword was knocked open by only one meter, and Long Haochen, who was not injured lightly, was knocked out five meters away.Chen Si had already climbed from the ground and stood behind a heavy shield in front of Long Chen.The body of the green-green double-edged sword seemed to be stiff, and stood there, the body constantly shaking. As a powerful fifth-order Mozu, it has extremely tenacious vitality. Even if the fire sword completely breaks into its body, it cannot immediately take its life away. However, Lin Jiaxuan's ice pin became a fatal blow.When Long Haochen blocked the green and double-pole demon attacks for the second time, Lin Jiaxuan's ice pin was ready, and she waited for opportunities with the trick of delaying casting. She only has the power to fight. If she fails to hit the point, she will lose all her fighting power.Li Xin hit a green double-pole magic moment, the opportunity has finally come, and the ice pen needle penetrates into the brain, even if the green and green double-knife magic flesh and then tough some, it is impossible to survive.The green-green double-pole magic is like pushing the Jinshan and inverting the Yuzhu, and the body is twitching. The dark green blood is constantly flowing from the wound.Long Haochen used his lightsaber to support his body and vomited. Although Xiaoguang once used two healing lights for him, he almost took all the attacks from the green and black swords. He was devastated by great power shocks. Has been affected by internal injuries.Muttered a few slightly longer spells, a golden light rippling from him, a gold cross appeared over his head. It is the holy mask. Protect Knight's fourth-order skills.In the previous battle, Long Haochen did not use this skill at all, and the green and double-edged sword's attack was too crazy.The rich sacred breath infiltrates into the body from the pores, stimulating the inner spiritual power of the dragon's morning, and the burning sensation of the internal organs' turbulence has only played down a bit.Lin Jiaxuan looked like a monster and looked at Long Haochen and said, “Do you still use the Holy Light Mask? How much spiritual power do you have in the end?” In her opinion, Long Haochen used so many skills one after another. Even if it is within two thousand spiritual power, I am afraid that it will be exhausted. However, two thousand spiritual powers represent the earth knight. And Long Haochen's combat effectiveness has apparently not reached the Realm of the Earth Knight.Long Haochen reluctantly smiled and said: "I have some ways to save mental power consumption when using skills." He certainly does not say the secret of his bright child's constitution.Li Xin and Chen Chen also joined together. The five people gathered together and looked at each other. His face was full of embers.For them, this war is absolutely worthy of the rest of their lives. It seems that only one of the five people was injured in Long Haochen's morning. But what if there is no Holy Spirit? In addition to the Long Yuchen with the help of God, they can block the green double-pole magic full blow? Even Li Xin, who had a rose unicorn, could not resist it.When Chen Chenping was a little talker, he was usually led by his elder brother Chen Si. At this time, he gave Long Yuchen a thumbs-up and "served."Long Haochen smiled a bit. Under the moistening of the holy mask, his body was already much more comfortable, but at least he would need to rest for more than three days when he wanted to return to his best condition."First leave here and say it. Sister, you take Lin sister, we hurry to go." Viking thought, this is obviously not a long stay.“Ye Yue, what are you doing?” Long Haochen just wanted to greet Haoyue and hurry to go, but found that Haoyue was kneeling on the green-green double-handed devil, two heads tearing its shell on the head of the green-green double-pole devil, and still erupted from time to time. One by one magic of fire and light."Yeah." Haoyue's right forepaw slaps and shoots on the side of the head of the green double-knife magic, suddenly, a pale green like a crystal-like thing has disappeared from the appearance of the green-green double-edged sword.The small light shouted with a polite sip and swallowed it.