Chapter 18 Secrets of Hunting Demonstrations (1)"That is a magic crystal?" Lin Jiayi stayed in surprise.Li Xin said bluntly: "Yes! World of Warcraft's Mozu is also a magic crystal, that is the fifth-order magic crystal. Haoyue, you bad boy actually directly to eat. That can sell at least 1,000 gold coins. Too bad."Lin Jia snorted and said, "If I have such a partner, I will be willing to defeat another." After listening to her, Chen Si and Chen Chen both nodded their approval.There is no doubt that in the previous series of battles, Long Haochen was the mainstay of their small group and played the biggest role. However, it is not surprising that Haoyue's performance is equally stunning. Especially with its cooperation with Long Haochen. Whether it is treatment, assistance, or offensive, it is worth noting that there is no misstep.What most let Lin Jiaxie admire is that Haoyue's two heads had previously performed at least five or six kinds of magic! Although it is all low-level magic, in general, Warcraft's talent magic can have two or three kinds of very good. The fourth-grade mid-point moon has so much magic, or two-line, even if the ordinary five-level Warcraft can not be compared with it.Haoyue ate the magic crystal, Pidianpidian went to Long Haochen's side, yelled two times toward him, and took the magic crystal's small light very human head down, it seems a bit embarrassing like .Long Haochen smiled and tossed her body, ignoring the blood they had stained on her head and licking them. “It's all right, eat and eat. You are the best. Let's go quickly.”Li Xin said: "My brother, you put away the body of this green double-pole demons. It is said that the green double-pole magic shell can be used as medicine and should be able to sell some money." He knew that Long Haochen had a space ring.Long Hao nodded in the morning and said: "Well, I will put it together and sell it back to everyone to share the money.""I don't want to," Lin Jiayi said without hesitation.Chen Si and Chen Chen also nodded. Chen Sidao said: "In the morning, we can't do this. If it weren't for you, we might not be able to go back alive. And you've been hurt to protect us. Anyway, this trophy should belong to you."Before Long Haochen stepped forward, he took the body of the green double-pole demons into his own storage space before turning to the crowd: “Can I kill it alone? No. Whoever contributes, we are now A group. Go back and say, start.”Li Xin took Lin Jiayu and the five quickly went in the direction of the defenders of the Temple Alliance.After walking for 20 miles and still not encountering the pursuit of troops, Li Xin sent a rose unicorn to Lin Jiazheng as soon as possible, and then brought two horses to return. She took the wounded dragon. In the early morning, Chen Si Brothers rode on the horse and finally returned to the seat of the Temple Alliance garrison when the sun was shining.They were received by a brigade of the local garrison because they wanted to participate in the selection of the hunting mobs. The captain was very polite to them and gave them a big tent for them to rest."At present, we have already killed 22 Mozu, and it's still three miles away from completing the mission. I'm afraid I'll have to recover for more than three days," Long Haochen said quietly.After the rest of his life, he was relieved to relax. Everyone felt that his body was like a loose frame. Li Xin and Lin Jialu all leaned against the tent.Luyue huddled at the foot of Long Hao morning, double head pillow on his tail, has been asleep. Only with its bloody existence, Long Haochen vaguely felt that the body of Haoyue was waking with a wave of energy. It seemed to be the green-green double-edged magic crystal that had been engulfed before digestion.Chen Sidao said: "Although we are not injured, we must at least be able to return to the best condition tomorrow. Tomorrow is even the last day. The Mozu people are harder to deal with than we think."Lin Jiayi did not hesitate to say: “I don’t recommend that we try to kill Mozu again. Especially before we can figure out how they explored our tracks, it’s even more inappropriate to act rashly. Once we discover us again, the Mozu may decide Strong presence to deal with us."Li Xin frowned and said: "However, our task has not yet been completed."Lin Jiaxuan took a deep breath and said: "I quit. If this is not the next morning, I can't come back alive at all. Through this battle, I also deeply realized my own deficiencies, even if I obtained the entry roll to participate in hunting. Magic League selection contest, I could not get any good results."Li Xin froze a little and looked at Lin Jiaxuan's eyes softened a bit."You who do not have to withdraw, assessment has passed." Slightly old voice sounded, the curtain opened, the old man holding the staff came in from the outside. Maybe it's the monitor who made the adults.Lin Jiaxuan made a wink at the crowd and quickly stood up and said respectfully: "Take care of adults."The old man waved and said, "You all sit down. My name is Feng Yangmu. You can call me the teacher of the wind. From now on, everything that you participate in the selection of the hunting demons will be arranged by me." Compared to the coldness he saw when he first saw him, his attitude at this time was significantly milder. His eyes stayed on Long Haochen for a long time.Lin Jiaxuan revered: "Miss Feng, did you just say that our assessment passed, is it true?"Feng Yang wood nodded and said: "Yes, you have passed the assessment."The five people looked at each other in disgust and invariably showed great joy. It is obviously best that they can no longer set foot in the Mozu domain. After they really faced the demon, they realized the fear of the devil.Long Haochen hesitated: "But we only hunted 22 Mozu."Feng Yangmu looked at Long Haochen's smile and said: "The numbers don't represent everything. You can kill a green double-pole devil and you are eligible to get the entry volume for this session of the Hunting Monsters. It is said that each person hunted five demons, referring to the fourth-order or less, and the fourth-order demonic one could be equal to five. That is, when you killed the inhabitants of the dagger, the task was completed. I was shocked when the green double-knife appeared, but I didn't shoot it to test your strength. I didn't expect that you actually killed it."Chen Si waved his fist hard. "Great, this time we can go to the Temple Alliance to participate in the trial."Feng Yang Mu nodded and said: "Yes. Through the entrance examination, you also have the qualifications to know something about the hunting demon mission. I'll say next, you have to listen carefully and have some help in your participation in the hunting demon mission. ."The crowd immediately sat down, sat upright, and listened to the wind and listened to Yangmu."Each five-year hunter-gathering trial will be conducted. Every medium-sized and above city will send a supervisor to take charge of the evaluation of the entrance examination and lead the examiner to participate in the trial.""After arriving at the Temple Alliance, you will be assigned to the respective sanctuaries for preliminary selection. There are 127 medium-sized and above cities in the Temple Alliance. Almost every city will send the best young talents. Therefore, there is an extremely brutal competition in the preliminary matches held in your respective temples, especially the Knights Templar, the Warriors Temple and the Magic Temple, because the three temples are the most contestants. In fact, there will be far fewer participants in the other three temples, especially the Temple of the Soul, and it will take only one or two knockout rounds to qualify."