Chapter 18 Secrets of the Hunting Demon Mission (2)"The preliminary game will eventually select the ten strongest players from each of the six temples to participate in the finals. Anybody who can pass the preliminary round will be able to become a member of the new hunters. The final stage will be mainly Rankings for later combinations and rewards for rogue roulette."“Sixty individuals who participate in the finals will draw lots for the game, so the luck in the finals is very important. The assassin gets the magician and that is the big fortune, just like the Cavaliers get an assassin. Finally, 60 people will For a total ranking, the higher the ranking is, the more rewards will be obtained. Finally, the top three contestants can also choose a non- top three teammate before matching the roulette wheel.Hearing here, Li Xin could not help but ask: "What is the match between the wind and the rogue roulette?"Feng Yang Mu smiled a little and said: “The selection of the hunting mobs, as the name suggests, should be composed of these young strong people. It is a hunting demon group. Each hunting demembrance group is divided into one of the six temples. The strong and powerful are composed of six people who are a hunting devil, and there are 60 people who participate in the finals.How to allocate? At this time, you need to search for the roulette wheel to make a choice, let God want to determine the team. After the composition of the slayer, there will be another game, and the best slayer of this competition will be decided. The team will be rewarded again."Long Hao Chen said: "The wind teacher, hunting devil is what to do? Since the Alliance will be hunting so that the election of the Moslem so grand, it should have a very important significance."Feng Yang Mu did not hesitate to say: "Of course. The Hunting Demon Mission can be said to be the most important force of our Temple Alliance against the Mozu. The Temple Alliance will release various missions for the Hunting Demon Mission, almost all against the Mozu. A powerful hunting mob poses threats to Mozu in times of tragedy, and they can even slay devils. Currently there are more than 100 active mobs and they face alliances. Mainstay.""I don't have much to say about the mission of the hunting demon mission. If you are fortunate enough to be able to become one of them, you will naturally know. I only talk about rewards now. You should all know that the six temples are not only a daily learning tool but also a variety of skills. In addition, there are some exclusive secret techniques, such as the knights of the Knights Templar."Here he deliberately watched Long Haochen.“These techniques are generally not available to the members of the temple. Even if it is a certain degree of cultivation, there are only two ways to learn, one is inheritance. Those who make great contributions to the alliance can be obtained. One inheritance ring will pass on some secret skills to its successors, and the other will be redeemed through merit scores, and the hunting demon mission can almost redeem all reserves of the alliance by completing its tasks, including all kinds of powerful equipment, secrets, and more. ."Long Haochen moved in her heart and his eyes fell on the black ring that his father had left him, and inherited the rings. This should be it. It is no wonder that fathers are not afraid of people questioning me that I have such a skill as a god. It seems that the appearance of all inherited rings is the same. But this ring in his hand is his greatest secret. Because, in the ring, seal all disciplinary Knight skills, including all the secret skills and even Long Xingyu's own skills.Long Haochen never gave up on discipline of the Knights of Retribution. When he was a guardian knight, he was the core of the team. He had done a good job in the face of the Green Blades. However, if he is not trying to hide his ability to punish the knight, he is faced with green swords and swords with double swords. Even if he is one-on-one, although he does not have the certainty of winning, there are 60% of his grasp and the equivalent of five. The green, double-edged swords of the ranks are both bad.Looking at the five young people in front of them with a dazed look, Feng Yang Mu smiled indifferently and said: “Isn’t it felt that I’ve gotten some merit for a long time. Then I’ll say something about the rewards of the trophy trials. Just say one should be right. You have enough attractiveness. The final top three of the finals for the finals, the reward: the spirit furnace.""Ah!" Including Long Haochen, the five people invariably exclaimed.What does the spirit stove mean? It's obvious that before Long Yuanchen alone saw the leader with the Holy Spirit to kill the green-green double-edged sword. The Holy Spirit was only ranked thirty-fourth among the thirty-six spirits that the Cavaliers could use. Any job, as long as you can have a soul furnace, then, it is equivalent to open the door to become a strong, this is the greatest treasure of heaven and earth to change one's life!Feng Yangmu felt that the five people had become heavy and had many breaths. They smiled and said: "Every opportunity is equal for everyone. You must refuel!"His encouraging words have played a significant role. The five young people in front of him seem to have forgotten their tiredness and are full of fighting spirit in their eyes.In the heart of Feng Yangmu, he sighed anxiously, and it was easier to get the final top three of the trial. Even the young man who had the Holy Spirit and the gods among them was not likely to be. However, this young man should be able to enter the finals. As for other people, I'm afraid..."Feng teacher, I have a question to ask you for advice." Long Haochen said to Feng Yangmu.Feng Yang Wood Road: "You ask it."Long Haochen said: “We had been very careful about entering the Mozu territory by night, why the Mozu still found us? Even the most powerful Hawkeye can't see things happening outside the Barry.”Feng Yangmu smiled and said: "This is because you have no experience in fighting against the Mozu. The Mozu people have a kind of existence called shadow magic, their stealth power is stronger than the Dick invisible, but there is no attack and The ability to defend is becoming the shadow of darkness, and it is specifically responsible for the use of Mozu Scouts. At least four or more priests must be able to discover them. You must be staring at the shadows, so they will be attacked by Mozu. It's good enough."After finishing this sentence, Feng Yang Mu stood up and said: "Well, you have a good rest. Tomorrow morning, we will go to the Temple Alliance to participate in the contest."After sending the wind and wood, everyone fell to the ground again. When Chen Si and Chen Chen were ready to fall into a deep sleep, they were pulled up by Long Haochen.“It's impossible to sleep. After meditation, we can not only remind us of the previous battles and increase the actual combat experience. It is also the best time to strengthen ourselves and enhance our inner and outer spiritual power. Sleeping at this time is equivalent to wasting our lives.”Li Xin nodded and said, "Ye-Chen was right. He could be sustained if he was injured. Can we not?"Thus, all the tired five chose to relieve fatigue by meditation.The next morning, Long Haochen gradually recovered from the meditation. The guilt was still somewhat dull and painful. The attack of the green double-knife was too powerful yesterday. The frontal full blow hits more than 3,500 spiritual powers. Despite the treatment of the holy mask, the injury of his infighting still has to recover for some time. It is not impossible to treat purely with light magic, but in that case, it will affect his own self-healing power.