Chapter 18 Secrets of Hunting Demon (3)However, although the injury has not healed, Long Haochen was pleasantly surprised to find that his spiritual power inside and outside has made no small progress.He is now an eight-level knight. The spiritual power inside and outside has been added to more than 1,600 points. In which the spiritual power is at least around 240. A bitter fight yesterday, first of all allowed him to increase his spiritual power by about 10 points, and the inner spiritual power increased by 20 points. The 9th-level knight goes further.The bitter fight against the threat of life and death is the most inspiring potential for human beings. What's more, all the attacks of the Krishna Rogue and the Zelin Green Blade Knife were almost all hard-earned by the dragons in the morning, and his spiritual power was also enhanced naturally. The largest. Of course, this increase is only estimated by Long Haochen himself. Unless it is a cross-order breakthrough, it is impossible to distinguish the specific data of its spiritual power based on the feeling alone.When the other four people wake up one after another and wake up, their eyes are full of surprises. Obviously, they also feel the improvement of their respective cultivation.Wash, breakfast. Just as the five people were being picked up, Feng Yangmu appeared before them again."Start it. Just as you did before you completed the trial mission, I will be with you." After finishing this sentence, Feng Yang-liang disappeared.Li Xin vomited his tongue and whispered: "Is this wind teacher afraid to have a six-order wizard repair?"Through the bitter fight yesterday, the relationship between Lin Jiaxuan and Li Xin has eased a little. Lin Jiaxuan slightly bowed and said: “The teacher of the wind is a six-order, four-level master of the demon, the deacon of our magical temple.”After the five people thanked them for hosting their garrison, they started their journey and Lin Jiaxuan naturally took the rose unicorn along with Li Xin and fled toward the center of the Northwest Temple Alliance.This is a palace in which the overall color is presented as dark gold. About five feet high, round.Here, there is no window, but it is finished in a special shade of darkness.It was a dark blue, precisely, a dark blue glow.On the ground, dark gold textures combine to form a staggered six-pointed star. Numerous runes extend from the six-pointed star to the entire hall. Whether it is the ground, the wall, or the top, it is full of such runes that seem to be filled with mysterious values.If Long Haochen can come here, he will recognize that these runes are very similar to what he saw in the large array of knights on the Mount of Sacred Mounts. It is the ancient elven writing.However, the ancient elven text here is shining with the dark blue that illuminates the temple. It is not a dark property, but it is full of darkness and chill. The spirit of the ancient elven and the knight's holy mountain are different.The dark blue runes are full of imprisoned breath, as if they are banned.In the center of the hall, it is above the center of the six-pointed star. The whole body is dark and there is no stiletto that comes out of any luster. If it is not the dark blue light around it, it just doesn't seem to exist at all.There was no spiritual energy fluctuation, but it was the darkness that had reached its fullest, but it seemed to dominate everything here, and the dark blue runes seemed to be worshipping it.It was just below the dark, short sword, sitting in the middle of the six-pointed star. A young girl. She sat there cross-legged, purple long hair scattered on the shoulders, it seems to be covered with a faint dark blue halo. Her skin is very white and even white is not healthy. Exquisite facial features are like the gifts of God. The slightly tender feet don't have any youthfulness. Because she is not like a living person at all, more like a sculpture.Her eyes are open, but the pupil is completely gray, so the stunning appearance has closed the window of the soul, enough for anyone who loves the beauty to sigh."It's time to go." A cold voice rang from all directions in the temple."Uh," said a contemptuously out of the sculpted young girl Joan. She slowly stood up and looked up at the black short sword in the air.The gleam of light flashed, and the black dagger floating in the air suddenly fell out of the sky and straight from her eyebrows, quietly disappearing.All ancient Elven Runes in the temple were also dimmed in the next moment, losing the dark blue brilliance.Amy City. One of the temple's most prosperous main cities, because it is located inland in the Union, this huge main city has barely suffered the baptism of war. Its prosperity is second only to the Holy City where the Temple Alliance is located. From the city of Amy to the holy city, there are only more than 800 miles. Fast horses are available for two days.Five dragons in the morning arrived at this bustling Dacheng early this morning. Compared to here, Haoyue City seems to be just as small as one block.Only ten days of hurry to make Long Haochen and other people physically and mentally tired, no feeling of appreciation. Looking for a hotel to stay, eat a good meal first, and then return to their room and take a hot bath. There is nothing better than this.There are four days remaining before the final reporting period for the hunting genie trials, so they decided to take a day off at Le Meridien and continue the journey early tomorrow morning.After a daytime rest, everyone was comfortable. Long Haochen was meditating in the room and knocked on the door."In the early morning, go out with her sister." Li Xin's voice came.During the operation, the spiritual power was dispersed throughout the body and Long Haochen slowly got up. "Come."Along with the ascension of cultivation, the inner spiritual power in his body has been quite simple, and the pale golden halo is centered on the Holy Spirit Stove at the chest and gradually shows signs of compression and solidification. When his inner spiritual power can be condensed into a liquid, it means that he will enter the realm of the earth. It seems that there are only 300 or more spiritual powers. Actually, the five-order watershed is not so easily broken."Sister, what are you going to do?" Long Haochen opened the door and replaced Li Xin, who was in a casual suit, leaning against the door. He smiled at him blankly.Li Xin took his arm and said: "Don't ask, and it's just my way to go with me. I'll watch you home, and later, my sister will buy fish to eat for you." While talking, she will be directly to Long Haochen. Pulling out the room, Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo swallowed a saliva and jumped to bed unceremoniously and continued to sleep. Since eating the magic crystal, it has increased the amount of time it takes to sleep every day until the last few days.Going to the door of the hotel, Long Haochen was surprised to find that Lin Jiaxuan had been waiting there. He saw him and smiled and said, "Let's go."“Two sisters, what are we going to do?” Long Haochen asked with a doubt. He could see that Li Xin and Lin Jiayu should have goals.Lin Jiayi chuckled and said: "You haven't always wanted to sell the body of that green double-pole demons. This Emmy City has a big auction house, and the green-green double-edged sword can barely shoot. Let's go It sells good pennies, and my sister wants to buy something.""Oh." Long Haochen gave a disapproving response. In his mind, it is clear that cultivation is more important.