Chapter 18 Secrets of the Hunting Mission (4)Lin Jiaxiao laughed: "Little one, don't be dissatisfied. The auction house is a place that you will definitely want to frequent later. There you can almost find everything we want. Of course, the premise is that you can afford the price. Later if you can become A part of the hunting demons is essential to deal with the auction market. Go first to know what you know and then you will not find the door."Li Xin nodded, agreeing: "She was right. The best thing in the auction field is. The largest auction house in the Temple Alliance is the Shengmeng Auction House built on the background of the six temples, only the top ten. It is one of the ten major cities in the city. This is one of them. It is only good for you to see and see, and whether you want to sell or want to buy it later, the Holy League auction site is the most suitable place."Long Haochen said: "Why didn't you call the two big brothers together?"Lin Jia said: "They don't buy or sell anything, they don't need to go. Go ahead, I asked. There is an auction tonight."The largest city Long Yuchen had visited before was Haoyue City, and since he met his father, he spent most of his time practicing and rarely touched the outside world. He was only 14 years old and naturally has curiosity about novelty. What's more, both Long Xingyu and Nightingale told him that one's strength can be enhanced by relying on foreign objects. The most obvious of these is weaponry and immortality. It's good to go see it.Le Méridien’s Holy League auction site is located in the most prosperous part of the city center. From afar you will see a huge white oval building standing there.This huge oval-shaped building is at least as high as twenty feet. The dome appears to be made of special metal. It glows with faint glow in the evening glow."It's too big." Long Haochen looked at the huge buildings in front of him. The outer walls of the auction house felt like a city wall. Some of them didn't look at the margin.Lin Jiayi smiled and said: "The shopping mall for the Holy League in Le Méridien is not the largest. The largest city in the Holy City is twice as big as here, and it can accommodate 20,000 people at the same time. This is estimated to be about 10,000 people. It."Long Haochen was surprised: "At the same time there are so many people bidding, then the price is not to be carried to heaven?"Lin Jiaxuan shook his head and said: "That will not be. The price of auction items is already high, and no one will spend money unless it is in urgent need of the goods. The most powerful place in the Shengmeng auction site is not to charge Any commission, because it is large enough, you only need to rely on tickets to make a big profit.The ordinary ticket is a gold coin, the higher the fare is, the higher the fare is, the innermost box near the central auction site is said to be used. It will cost one thousand gold at a time."Li Xin bought the tickets and received three number plates. He returned and handed them a number plate to Long Haochen and Lin Jiayu. They said, “Let's go in. In the morning, we first sent the green-green double-knife demons to identify them. You should be able to shoot today."Into the auction hall of the Holy League, the first is a hall, the central channel, leading to the auction inside, the hall is high on both sides of the counter, each side has at least a dozen guards. In addition to the soldiers, these guards actually have magician costumes.Through the introduction of Lin Jiaxuan's introduction to Long Haochen, the two sides of the counter were to identify items and receive auction gold. There are eight such passages in this Holy League auction house. Separately in eight different directions to facilitate the dispersion of people. The auction site of the Holy League auctions every day, so it is a very lively place every night. Some of the richer people will even take part in the auction as a leisure way. After all, there are many good things to see here! It is also good for growth.Li Xin came to the counter on the left to carry out the identification of goods with Long Haochen. There were not many people waiting in line here, and they soon arrived."Hello, I want to auction a corpse of a Mozu Warcraft." Long Haochen said to the middle-aged man behind the counter.The middle-aged man looked up at him and didn't know where he pressed it. The wall on the side of the counter slid slowly, forming a platform that was three meters wide."Put it up," said the middle-aged man.“Thank you.” Long Hao Chen Lingli injected the Forget-me-nots ring. A faint blue glow shone around the ring. The pattern of forget-me-nots above seemed to be alive. A mass of aquamarine light shot from the ring and landed on it. The platform quickly became bigger."Yeah." The middle-aged man behind the counter was surprised and wondered, "The green and green swords. This is rare."As he said, he had already stood up and came to the side of the green-green double-knife demons. After a moment, the middle-aged man slightly frowned and said: "Unfortunately, there is no magic crystal, otherwise the price can at least double. At present, the starting price can only be set at eight hundred gold coins, but the rarity of the green double-pole devil , it can be guaranteed that it will not flow."The middle-aged man took out a black number plate and handed it to Long Haochen. The middle of the plate was inlaid with a same-color magic crystal. On the back there was a number one or two."Please use this as a voucher after the auction, and collect the gold coins from the opposite side. Be careful not to lose it. Do not recognize people."Eight hundred gold coins started, everyone can at least divide more than one hundred gold coins. In the eyes of Long Haochen, this is a big deal. At least money for buying dried fish for Haoyue. The guy's appetite is getting bigger and bigger. Really want to eat Long Haochen."Wait a minute." Just as the middle-aged man was about to take in the green-green double-knife corpse, a swift voice rang suddenly from behind them, and immediately one of them quickly came over."First, don't close it. I want to buy it directly."Long Haochen was surprised to see people coming. It was a young man who looked much less than him. At most, he would not be more than twenty years old. He was about half a head taller than Long Haochen, and his dark green hair was scattered behind his back. Crystal clear milky white, handsome appearance actually had the power of dragons and dragons. Just matched with that hair and long hair, he was more like a girl than Long Longchen. Fortunately, his throat was fairly obvious.White magic robes set off his slightly slender figure, which is in line with the magician's figure. Only he does not have a staff in his hand.The most peculiar thing is this person's eyes, pale green eyes always have a bit of bad smile, but it is easy to bring a kind of feeling.At this point, he is looking down at the Green Blades, watching such a disgusting World of Warcraft, this young magician's face even reveals a bit of fascination, and even gently stroking the green turtle with two-handed devil shell."Good things are really good things! I want to, brother, let's open a price." As he said, he straightened up and looked at Long Haochen.Looking at the appearance of Long Haochen, the young man with long dark green hair could not help but glimpse the surprised splendor in his eyes. He whispered, “Is there still more handsome in the world than I am? This is not possible. .""Hey." Li Xin stood by and couldn't help laughing. This young man is very handsome. However, his character is very different from that of Long Haochen. His narcissism alone is what Long Haochen can't match.Long Haochen’s face was stiff and stiff, saying: “I have already entrusted the Saint-Martin auction, and I am afraid I will not be able to sell it to you.”The young people continued to look up and down and looked at Long Haochen's eyes. The eye revealed a trace of embarrassment. “Impossible. This is impossible! How can I be handsome even more than me?” he said, his hands clasped his head. Dark green hair.