Chapter 19 Mysterious Stone Ball (1)Long Haochen's brow was slightly wrinkled and he no longer looked at the long-haired youth. He turned to Li Xin and Lin Jia. He said: "Two sisters, let's go.""Hey, hey, don't go. I really want to buy. I'm out of two thousand coins. How about that?" The young man couldn't help himself and said quickly.Hearing this figure, Long Haochen couldn't help but stop and couldn't say it was fake. Two thousand gold coins were much higher than the price. This price may not be available at the auction.The middle-aged man on the auction site quitted and yelped to the long-haired youth: "Don't disturb the order here and leave quickly."The long-haired youth grinned and handed a black card from their arms and handed it over. "Brother, you're new. Even the master does not know."At the moment, the middle-aged man was very impatient. When he saw the black card, his face was suddenly stiff. He carefully watched the card and turned it up and down. After a few laps, he replied with respect to the long-haired youth. ."Dear distinguished guests, you have the right to bid ahead of time to buy goods, as long as the seller agrees."The long-haired young man took back the card proudly, and then turned to Long Haochen, said: "How, brother. You see, I did not violate the rules of the auction house. Sell it to me. Two thousand coins are not low. I need some green medicine on my body."Lin Jiaqi blurted out in surprise and said: "You are a potions pharmacist?"The long-haired youth has a dark face. "Who said that I am a potion pharmacist, I am a magician, a very, very powerful magician. Medicine is just my hobby. I told you that this master is going to go hunting soon." The demons of the Moguls. Did you hear about them? It was a sharp knife in the six temples."Long Haochen didn't seem to hear him, pointing to the green double bladed devil and said: “Two thousand gold coins, sold to you.” He has always been in love, and this guy is full of enthusiasm and some narcissism, goodwill is not many."Okay, okay, take your magic crystal card. I'll transfer it to you." As he spoke, he waved his left hand, a red light flashed, and the green-green double-edged sword instantly disappeared.Long Haochen looked at him with surprise. Obviously, this youth also had a magical device for storing things."I don't have a magic crystal card." He shook his head and said."I have to do it. Here we can do it. The opposite. Go, I'll take you." The youth pointed to the opposite counter. While he was talking, he was very eager to reach out and grabbed Long Haochen's shoulder.Long Haochen shook his shoulders slightly and tossed his hand.The long-haired youth did not care, and smirked, "Don't be so good. You see, we all look so handsome. It's just a moment of solitude. It should be more intimate and affectionate. My name is Lin Xin, what is your name? ?""Good name, good name." Lin Xin smiled and took Dragon's morning to the opposite side to go for the Magic Crystal card.Lin Jiaxuan looked at Li Xin and doubted: "This guy will not be a liar."Li Xin whispered: "I just want to stare at him. Can he still run a magician?"The middle-aged man behind the counter rolled his eyes and said: “You have absolutely no need to worry about these two girls. The black card that the young master took out is the highest level of black priest in our sino-confederate auction site. Card, this kind of VIP card can not be purchased, only through the gift can be obtained.With this card, in our auction site to buy anything, have a 10% discount, the difference of a discount price is filled by our auction site. You can overdraw the amount within 100,000 gold coins at any of the Shengmeng auction sites."The two women sucked a cold air, and the face suddenly changed. From their origins, they did not even hear that the Shengmeng auction site actually had such a VIP card.It is troublesome to handle magic crystal card than Long Long morning imagination, and to pay the handling fee of one hundred gold coins, how can Long Yuchen have so much money! Lin Xin took out his black card and shook it. It was actually free.The Magic Crystal Card is only half the size of the palm. There is one jewel for the four gems. Therefore, only professionals with more than three levels can handle it. Each person's spiritual power has its own characteristics. When using a magic crystal card, it also needs to inject spiritual power. Therefore, it is neither afraid nor lost.The transfer is even simpler. There is an area in the center of the Magic Crystal Card. A pin-shaped stick on the Magic Crystal Card is used to write the amount on it. Then the two parties can inject the spiritual power. When the two Magic Crystal Cards are docked, the money can be transferred. success.About half a column of incense time, Long Haochen magic crystal card on the more than two thousand gold coins."Complete the work." Lin Xin took back the magic crystal card, patted the shoulders of Long Haochen and said: "Brothers are going to attend the auction. Please don't miss it. Let's go in. Let's go with my brother and buy things but can get discounts." Oh."After receiving two thousand gold coins, Long Haochen also had a good mood. He nodded and said, "That's it."Greetings Li Xin and Lin Jiayu, four people walked into the auction.Entering the Shengmeng auction site, Long Haochen was immediately shocked by the scene before him. In the auction site, the seats are surrounded by a circle, and every five rows of seats have a wink. According to Lin Jiaxuan, the seats with different colors are different, and the fare is higher. At the front and bottom is a closed box. At the middle of the auction site, it is a circular platform, apparently used to display auction items.As soon as he enters the auction site, Long Haochen feels a burst of strong magical elements immediately. Obviously there are many magic devices here."Our ticket is in the back row." Long Haochen looked at Li Xin's number plate and said to Lin Xin who had walked in front of him.Lin Xin stopped and said: "It's okay. I have a box in front of me. Anyway, I'm alone. It's very spacious. Let's go together."Long Haochen still had some hesitation. Lin Jialu touched him gently from behind and motioned him to promise. For this long-haired youth, Li Xin and Lin Jiayi are also very curious. You know, the potion master is extremely rare and has a much higher status than the magician. Although this guy does not admit that he is a potion pharmacist, but he said that he has this hobby, and there are black cards, making such a person is not a bad thing."Okay." Long Haochen only had to agree.Under the guidance of Lin Xin, they walked down the stairs and leaned down to the front of the private room area. Here, there is a dedicated waitress reception. Each of these waitresses was slim and looked like an eyebrow, wearing a silver dress."Master Lin, you are here." When they saw them down, a waitress hurried to Lin Xin and smiled and saluted him. In the eyes, there is an undisguised sense of admiration.Lin Xin big thorn said: "Little promise, these are my friends, take us over.""Yes." When the young girl's eyes glimpsed through Long Yanchen's face, she was slightly surprised. Lin Xin's appearance was already extremely outstanding among men. However, when compared with Long Haochen, he still had a gap. Standing together, Lin Xin was suddenly compared.However, these teenage waiters were obviously of high quality. They looked straight at the slightest pause and walked in the direction of the private room along with the four-person walk along the red carpet.