Chapter II Mysterious New Teacher (3)"..., teacher, you said that the little girl will not be ah?" Long Yuchen could not help asking after the finish.Xingyu shook his head and said: "Nothing will happen. She and the white man should be together. They belong to the Assassin Temple.""Assassin Temple?" Long Hao Chen is full of curiosity in the eyes.Xingyu pulled up his hand with a ring and said to himself: "Is this a space ring?" As he spoke, his fingers seemed to suddenly shine, touching his fingertips. Forgetful ring, suddenly caused a light blue halo.A touch of surprise flashed from Xingyu’s eyes and told Long Haochen: “Your luck is very good. This should be the little girl who has left it for you. It's worth a lot. Don't you forget about it? This little girl is a little bit mean.”Long Haochen scratched his head and he always had doubts on his pretty little face. He didn't understand the teacher's words."Teacher, did you know that the white clothing people are using what methods to make those bad-looking people disappear?"Xingyu smiled indifferently. "Because he killed those people and used the Assassin Temple's exclusive Thousand Blast furnace to strangle them into powder, and then burn them into ashes with the green flame attached to the Thousand-Blast furnace, leaving no trace. The increase in spiritual power is also the role of the Thousand Blades. He helped you clear the twelve verses, burned down the impurities in the Scriptures, and completely changed your body. This is not a small blessing. You must keep in mind that if you have the opportunity to return to the other party in the future, you cannot afford to leave such a friendship unless..."Unless he didn't say anything, Long Haochen didn't care, because in Teacher Xingyu's words, he found something more interesting to him."Teacher, what are you talking about? What are those white lights?"Xing Yu nodded and said: "It can be said. Spirit furnace is simply a spiritual power furnace, but it is ever-changing. Every kind of spirit furnace is an exclusive existence. Now you do not need to learn about the spirit furnace knowledge. The extent to which I can only tell you that the spiritual furnace is rarity, and those who possess the spirit furnace may not be able to become strong, but those who do not have the spirit furnace will not be able to stand on top."“Oh.” After listening to him, he suddenly felt a little more worried in Long Haochen’s heart. If he had a spirit stove in the future, what would it be like? Look at the Forget-me-nots ring in the hand, he can not help but think of the little girl that day.Xing Yu said: "I have let Barza informed your home, allowing you to go home once a week, the rest of the time to live here with my practice."Long Haochen was startled. Some eagerly asked, "Teacher, can you still send me me?"Xing Yu nodded and said: "Every time you go home I will send it to you. If you perform well, I will even give you several better medicines, which will be of great benefit to anybody. On the contrary, if you cannot fulfill my request in cultivation, then I will drive you down and you will no longer be the knight of the Cavalier Temple, let alone Peiyuanye. Understand?”At the time of this remark, Xingyu’s eyes flashed a hint of deep thought, even with a faint apology, but he concealed it well and Long Haochen couldn’t see it at all.At this time, Xiao Xiaochen listened to Xing Yu’s words, immediately nodded, and his eyes were full of firm and persistent eyes. For the sake of his mother’s body, he must also work hard to complete the practice taught by the teacher. And it is good for the teacher to teach himself!Xingyu nodded satisfied and said: "From today, every morning I teach you a variety of knowledge, afternoon and evening guide you to practice. I teach you the knowledge you must bear in mind, if there is a trace of oblivion, I will deduct you for a week The Pei Yuan Ye.” He obviously knew where Long Haochen’s dead spot was. Just a simple reminder made the little guy scared and nodded.Xing Yudao: "Talk about your understanding of the Temple Alliance."Long Haochen said: “The Barzat teachers taught us that the Temple Alliance is an alliance of the Knights Temple, the Warrior Temple, the Assassin Temple, the Magic Temple, the Priest Temple, and the Spirit Temple. Protect our last human territory."Xing Yu nodded and said, “You are right, but this is just the most basic statement. In the ancient period 13,000 years ago, we humans gradually gained control of the mainland from the ancient prehistoric races. The prehistoric race gradually lost its popularity, and then, on the mainland, there have been dozens of human-like nations that have ruled the mainland and made us human beings the masters of the continent of the Demon Kingdom.Every country strives to develop industry and agriculture and teach people knowledge during that period of time. We have the fastest human development. People live and work in peace and prosperity on the mainland."“The peace has taken a long time. The war has begun to appear. The original dozens of countries have continuously annexed in the war and gradually formed a situation in which the three major powers are three-fold. Three big countries dare not act rashly and maintain a balanced situation. The time of the millennium. We call these seven thousand years our glorious era of humanity.""Until 6,000 years ago, the glorious era was destroyed because of the advent of the Mozu." Speaking of this, Xingyu's eyes express hatred and abhorrence from the heart.“With the sun and the moon, nine stars are shining, and a huge space-time crack like a sky will appear in the sky over the eastern part of the mainland. Seventy-two demons descend from heaven, bringing a plague-like demonic atmosphere.”"In the first hundred days of the seventy-two demons, all creatures, beasts, warcraft, or humans, will be hugely mutated at once when they are contaminated by the scent of the seventy-two demons. As a demon creature, he listened to the demon god's command of the demon pillar. In just a hundred days, the seventy-two demon pillars added millions of troops to the Mozu. Fortunately, demonic spirit emitted from the demon pillars only lasted For a hundred days, otherwise, we humans may have become extinct."Long Haochen was just a teenager. For him, he still can't feel too much responsibility. Listening to Xingyu's remarks is like listening to a story. However, he did not forget the threats before Xingyu, and he kept them in his mind while listening.“There are seventy-two demons, each with a true demon guard. They call themselves the seventy-two devils. They are ranked according to their strength. They led the Demon army after the infection and launched a destructive Attack. From the day the seventy-two demon gods descended, we humans also entered the dark ages. Until now."“With six thousand years of mutual roll-over, all mankind’s nations have been destroyed. Despite the enormous wealth and power we accumulated during the glorious years, the powerful Mozu people still have a disadvantage and are almost even destroyed. It was not until the six major temples organized by the strong human beings that we had organized themselves that they appeared three thousand years ago that they were barely able to stabilize their positions and stop the advancement of the Mozu. However, we also occupied only less than a quarter of the Sanskrit Alliance on the mainland. Only one area."Speaking of this, Xingyu's voice became obviously heated, and his splendid glory was also exhaled. "So, the first lesson I'm going to teach you today is to keep you in mind the pain the Mozu brought us." With shame and being a knight, we want to protect our homeland, guard our loved ones, and protect humanity.These words that make you memorize each day are not vain.We must have enough strength to protect the people we must protect. ”