Chapter 19 Mysterious Stone Balls (2)Lin Xin's private room is number six, and the location is very good, facing the auction platform. He was the waitress of Xiaonuo to open the door and let them in.The private room is 100 square meters in size, with a light brown carpet on the floor, and it is very soft and comfortable. The arrangement in the private room is very elegant. There are some green plants on both sides. In the middle is a semicircular white leather sofa, even if it takes more than a dozen people will not feel crowded. On the front is a wide, transparent crystal glass that can clearly see the front of the auction stage.There are various fruits and desserts on the coffee table in front of the sofa.Lin Xin said: "The Dragon Brothers, two beautiful women, please sit and sit down. Xiaonuo, you take two bottles of dew red devil.""Well, come at once." Xiaonuo smiled sweetly at him and closed the door and went out.Lin Xin sat down beside Long Haochen and said: “Long Brothers, are you still selling other World of Warcraft? Life and death will do. Like World of Warcraft, this is really hard to find. You solved this time. I am in urgent need."Long Haochen shook his head and said: "I'll only have this Mozu World of Warcraft to sell. What can the green-green two-knife demons use?" For potions masters, he is also very curious.Lin Xin Xiao smiled and said: "You see." A flash of red light, he has a crystal bottle in his hand, through the bottle can see there are three crimson red medicine."This is a powerful pill I made. One of the main materials is the powder made from the green-green double-pole magic shell. This is a good thing."Long Haochen once said, "What do you want to do? What can you do to strengthen your spiritual power?"Lin Xin mysteriously shook his head and said: "You will know later, the auction will begin. Let's look at the auction first."Xiaonuo once again entered the room, put two bottles of red wine down, poured a cup and quietly receded. This is obviously the dewdrop devil in the mouth of Lin Xin."Taste, this thing is good, is a specialty of a small town in the south." Lin Xin took a drink and then looked away on the auction stage.Long Haochen also took a cup and took a sip. When he first entered, the tip of the tongue felt a bit sour, but soon, the fruity fragrance filled his mouth and even the breath was mixed with it. The warm feeling slipped into the belly, leaving the body warm and unable to tell the bondage.Li Xin and Lin Jiajue sat sideways and watched Lin Xin talk with Long Haochen. Then they tasted the nectarine devil. The eyes of the two men were more shocking. Long Haochen had not seen such fruit wine in the morning but they had seen it. Lin Jiaxuan's father collected a bottle of wine and looked at it as a treasure. He was not willing to drink it at all. It is said that this demon red devil is processed through ninety-nine processes using a grape called rose and nectar, and only twenty bottles are produced each year. This Lin Xin even took this thing to entertain them.You should know that the price of a cup of dew red devil in their hands is higher than the price of the green double-edged sword that Long Hao had just sold. This guy is too rich.On the auction stage, a beauty auctioneer has already stepped onto the stage. At this time, the attendance rate at outside auction sites is at least 50%.The female auctioneer dressed in a rose-red mop-length dress, tall and plump, with long black hair and a glamorous look. She walked to the center of the auction platform and raised her arms to the sides, slightly covered. The soft and pleasant voice sounded, “Welcome every distinguished guest to the Aimei auction site in Le Méridien. I am a star and I am very happy to serve you.”Cheers and whistles sounded instantly. Obviously, this female auctioneer was very popular.“Next, please come on our first lot.” The female auctioneer did not have too much sensational words. After bidding the cheering bidders, they directly entered the topic.Sitting next to Long Xinchen's eyes, Lin Xin put peaches in her eyes. “I'm still so beautiful. I’m really temperament! If I’m not eighteen, I’ll try to pursue her. Dragon Brothers, what do you think of her? Beautiful It.""Yeah." Long Haochen nodded awkwardly.A waitress in the same costume as before Xiaonuo pushed an elaborate golden cart from the side and stepped on a red cloth.Xing Hao smiled and said: “We believe that everyone has also guessed the first auction product. Our mysterious Lin Master has appeared again. Many people have asked me if there is any way to purchase the immortality medicine that Master Lin has refined. Here, I'll answer it together. Master Lin works with us at the Shengmeng Auction House. All of the potions he produces are distributed by us and can't be bought elsewhere."Long Haochen looked at Lin Xin who was around for the very first time. "What she said was you?"Lin Hsin said: "Isn't it my master? Young is so good! On the outside, even if I say that I am making these immortalities, I still don't believe it. I don't believe it best. It's also troublesome."Long Haochen had a slight glimpse. "Then you told me, wouldn't you be afraid of me saying it? We just met."Lin Xin smiled somewhat mysteriously and said: "Of course I am not afraid. Let's look at the auction first."The red cloth was uncovered. A beautiful crystal bottle appeared on the golden cart. The vision in the booth was very good. Long Haochen saw at a glance that there was a red potion contained in the crystal bottle and Lin Xin had just The Dali Pills showed him exactly the same. However, there is only one bottle in this bottle."Mr. Lin produced the product, Jasper care pill. The third-order peak medicine. After taking half a column of incense time, the body's defensive mental power increased by five hundred. The skin surface is as strong as steel. It is also effective for physical attacks and magic attacks. Jasper body-protection pill is not the first auction, and I will not say much about the introduction.On the battlefield, possessing such an immortality drug is almost equivalent to one more life.The starting price is one thousand gold coins.Each increase price must not be lower than Fifty gold coins."Five hundred more spiritual strength outside the physical defense? This means that this part of the increased spiritual power cannot be used to attack. However, what does it mean to have more than 500 spiritual powers? This means that almost all attacks below the fourth level are ineffective. And it can last for half a long time.Long Haochen is still better, Li Xin and Lin Jiakai are all shocked by the look of color at this time, so that the starting price of a grain of stimulating medicine is as high as a thousand gold coins! No wonder the Potions Master is the richest profession. This Master Lin is really not allowed.Soon, the clamor ringed in succession. After a while, this jasper body pill was called to 1,500 gold coins.Long Haochen had some heartbeats. The star-smashing auctioneer was right. There is such an empiric drug. If it is not a strong enemy of the fifth-order or more, it is really equivalent to one more life. In simple terms, when faced with a green knife, if he had such an immortality, he would not be injured at all.In the end, this jasper body care pill was shot at a price of 1,800 gp.Lin Xin seems to be somewhat dissatisfied with this price. “It was only 1,800? It was still two thousand last time. It seems that I have to sell less, and it’s rare and valuable. This master has kept the sugar beans and it’s not cheap.” They, Dragon Brothers, how are we going to make a deal?"Long Haochen moved in the heart, "What transaction?"Lin Xin smiled and handed him a crystal bottle containing three jasper body-protection pills in front of him. "You just need to answer me a question. This bottle of vital pills is yours."