Chapter 19 Mysterious Stone Balls (3)Long Haochen looked at him in astonishment, one gold coin of eighteen hundred gold, and these three pieces were equivalent to more than five thousand gold coins. What problems can be worth so high?Lin Xin said with a smile: "It shouldn't be so shocking. This stuff is expensive to sell outside, but for me, the cost is worth a few dozen gold coins. Do you know how much a green double-pole magic can do this thing? Do not dare to say, 100 or 80 can still produce."Li Xinwei dinosaurs suffered a loss in the morning and rushed: "What are you talking about first? If we can answer you, see if we can answer you."Lin Xin smiled and said: "The problem is very simple. You must be able to answer. I just wanted to ask if that green double-edged sword was killed by you."Li Xin stayed. "It's that simple?"Lin Xin spread out her hands and said: "Is it so simple?"Li Xin said: "What's there is that we kill."Lin Xin raised his hand and made a snap ring. He put the crystal bottle into Long Haochen’s hands and said, “Very good, deal.”Long Haochen could not believe his own ears, "Lin Xin, this is too expensive, I can not accept." More than 5,000 gold coins ah! He hadn't seen so much money since he was small.Lin Xin patted his forehead and looked helpless. "The Dragon Brothers said that it was a deal. It was not for you. And I have something to ask for."Long Hao was naturally pure in the morning and took such a valuable thing. Although he liked it, he still did not retract it. "What happened?"Lin Xin smiled and said: "If I haven't guessed correctly, you should be going to Holy City to participate in the Hunting Mood Selection Competition."Li Xin was surprised: "How did you guess?"Lin Xin said: "It's not hard to guess. As long as it's coming from the south, people who go to the Holy City must pass through our city of Aimee. You are old and the questions you answered just now prove that you are qualified to participate in the trial. Is it obvious? Just now I said I'm not afraid that you leaked me as Master Lin. One is because no one would believe that I can make a third-order immortality at this age, and the other one is because you will not stay at Le Meridien for a long time. You're going to the holy city to participate in the trials. That's right."Li Xin's eyebrows picked up: "How? Want to crack down on competitors before?"Lin Xin shook her head and shook her head quickly, saying: “How will it! I just want to cooperate with you. Dragon Brothers, I want to ask you for something that will do no harm to you. I just want to try in the hunting demon, if we all reach the final After the stage, if you can get the final three results, then please choose me to be your teammate."Hearing him this way, Lin Jiahao immediately quit. "Why choose you, I can be a magician."In accordance with the rules of the hunting demon mission, a complete six-man six-hundred demon group must belong to the six major temples, that is, a hunting demon can only have one magician.Lin Xin said: “This sister, I’ll tell you the truth! In my opinion, with your cultivation, I’m afraid it’s a bit difficult to enter the final stage!”Lin Jiayi said, "Can you see my cultivation?"Lin Xinyin smiled and said, “This is my secret. What about the Dragon Brothers? If you promise me this request, we will be a good brother of the group afterwards. Don’t say anything else, Dan. Pharmacy is enough. It will be free of charge. I am now poor and only have money and medicine."Although he was very handsome, the smile on his face was like the bad taste of the white rabbit.Long Haochen doubted: "But how can you be sure that I can enter the top three?"Lin Xin said: "Betting one thing. You can't enter the first three and have no harm for me. Promise that I have no harm for you, and that you have accepted these three powerful pills and you will have peace of mind."Suddenly, Long Haochen's body made a violent shock. Immediately afterwards, his eyebrows rose and a purple and gold rune lighted from his forehead. This rune is very special. When it first appeared, it was a purple and gold origin, but it quickly extended upwards to nine purple light patterns. Each light pattern has an inch of length, and it fluctuates with the psychic power.The purple glow spreads and the light flashes. A figure has appeared in front of Long Haochen. It is the bright moon.At this time, the bright moon was obviously anomalous. It only appeared once. It immediately gave a squeaky squeak to the dragon's morning and it seemed to say something.Others couldn't understand what Luyue was talking about, and Long Yinchen, who had telepathy, could understand it. “You'll calm down, I'll try my best, Luanyue.” As he spoke, he looked up at the auction table outside.At this time, a trolley has been replaced on the auction table, and a human-sized stone ball has been placed on the golden cart. On the stone ball, some greenish textures can be seen faintly. The platform's host Xing Hao is introducing.“The next item on the auction was a bit special, and even the most authoritative appraiser at the auction site could not identify what it was. But the seller who was preparing to sell it gave an auction price of 10,000 gold coins. The fair has always been based on fairness and will never deceive any one of the distinguished guests. Now I will introduce the evaluation of this item by the chief auctioneer of this auction house.”"This auction item looks very humble, like an ordinary stone ball, but any exploration magic cannot penetrate it. It is all isolated by the surface stone shell. Unless you open the surface moment, otherwise It is impossible for a powerful nine-step professional to detect the situation.The only certainty is that this stone ball is accompanied by spiritual fluctuations. The surface of the stone ball is formed by the exhalation of spiritual power. The division predicts that this stone ball is likely to be a rare metal, or it may be something else.Below, starting auction, starting price of 10,000 gold coins, please VIP ponder before retaking the shot, once shot, will not return ."Obviously, because this thing is too inconspicuous and the price is so high, the star auctioneer has deliberately emphasized a few words. It is clear that the Shengmeng auction site is not optimistic about this auction item.Ten thousand gold coins, but ten thousand gold coins! Long Haochen was struggling in his heart at this time.The sudden appearance of Haoyue is not to be summoned by him but to be sent by Haoyue. This point has gone beyond the scope of the equality contract and is obviously a blood-binding effect. On the other hand, Haoyue sent an ardent signal to Long Haochen when the stone ball was pushed onto the stage. It seems that the stone ball is extremely important to it.Because the blood is connected, what Long Yuchen can feel, even if Haoyue is not with him, he can feel it. Therefore, it came here for the first time. At this time, the one who jumped up and down was to get this stone ball.Prodigal! Too bad. Looked at this small light and a small fire, his eyes beamed a pair of things can not be sworn off this thing, Long Hao Chen really helpless. He has just reached two thousand gold coins, but also to other people, there are ten thousand gold coins to buy this thing ah!Long Haochen was watching the stone ball on the stage outside, but Lin Xin was observing the bright moon. When the bright moon appeared, he looked surprised. He has seen too many kinds of Warcraft, and he has seen many rare World of Warcraft, but he has not seen this type of Haoyue.Lin Xin once purchased a magic called Insight at a high price. With this magic, he can detect the situation of any professional, including World of Warcraft. The premise is that the repaired person cannot be overhauled. the above.