Chapter 19 Mysterious Stone Balls (4)Obviously, Haoyue is the fourth-ranked World of Warcraft at most, and can't reach the four-level peak, which is equivalent to the third-order human powerhouse. But his insights have failed. Moreover, this is not the first time today. Why is he so close to Long Haochen? It was because he had not explored anything more delicate than the current spiritual strength and age of Long Haochen when he was using exploratory techniques on Long Haochen. So he was interested in Long Hao Chen.Strangely, what is this Warcraft? Lin Xin full of doubts.At this time, the outside auction has been cold. Ten thousand gold coins are not a small number. To know that a gold coin is enough for a family of three to use for half a meal. Ten coins can buy an ordinary armor. Ten thousand gold is enough to arm a hundred Knights to the teeth.This stone ball says that rare metals may be present. In rare metals, how many kinds of rare metals can have such a high value? And, God knows how big the metal is. If it is only the size of a fist, Mithras, the top grade magic metal, cannot be worth so much money.On the stage, Xing Hao asked for the third time: “Which VIP is interested in this lot?”Still no response. Very few people who often participate in auctions are particularly impulsive. If one hundred gold coins, perhaps someone buys a bet, ten thousand gold coins, there are not many people willing to bet."Lin brother." Long Haochen suddenly shouted. Looking at Haoyue's full of hope, he finally made up his mind."Ah?" Lin Xin is still thinking about the origin of Haoyue. He was reacted to by this name."Brother Lin, if you lend me money to buy this auction, I will give you your request." Long Hao Chen said with certainty."I don't need to borrow him. My sister bought it for you," said Lin Jiaxuan, who was half-calmless, and suddenly stepped forward and quickly pressed a 10,000 gold coin on the front of the auction.Xing Lan said with some regrets: "It seems that we will have to pat on the No. 2 lot. Hey, wait. The VIP No. 6 bid 10,000 gold coins. 10,000 gold coins for the first time." Seeing someone bid, she suddenly Some surprises, but when he saw the bid for the sixth round, he couldn't help but wrinkle his eyebrows.The crystal glass in the room is made of a special material and cannot be seen from the outside but can only be seen from the inside.Outside the auction room is already a loss, many are laughter. But what they did not know was that someone was screaming inside the sixth room. It is Lin Xin who screams."This elder sister, you can't do this! Dragon Brothers already said to borrow money from me. How can you get robbed of it?" Lin Xin looked depressed.Lin Jiayi smiled slyly and said: "Zhao Chen is my younger brother. When the sister bought something for him, isn't it normal?"Long Haochen was shocked. "Sister Lin, how can this be done? That's ten thousand gold!"Lin Jiaju stood up and walked to Long Haochen's side, looking at him tenderly and looked at him. “Yeah, if you have twenty years or older this year, your elder sister will not even face him, but he will certainly grab you. It's a pity that we have to offend Xin again. Unfortunately, we are so different in age that I can only be your sister. I will never forget that day. Twice, twice, you saved me. In particular, the second time, I even smelled the smell of death, that is, you pulled me back from the edge of death. If you do not give my sister a chance to repay you, my sister will never feel at ease.”"Lin Sister, I ..." Long Haochen also anxious but also want to refuse, but Lin Jiaxuan raised his hand and held his mouth, "Do not say anything, do you think, my sister's life is not worth 10,000 gold coins it? I discussed this with your sweetheart and sister. She also promised. If you refuse to accept it, then don't call our sister."Since the completion of the trial task that day, Lin Jiayi was almost awakened by nightmares every night. She could never forget the icy invisibility of the inhabitants. Ah! No Long Haochen, she must die that day. She is a good man. Over the past few days, her relationship with Li Xin has eased a lot. Originally, there was no irreconcilable contradiction between them. The matter was opened and the previous festival was revealed. The idea of ​​buying things for Long Haochen at the Aimei City Auction House was already a few days ago. Here is the big auction room. In order to buy useful good things for Long Haochen who is going to participate in the hunting group trial, she can think of the best return method.Long Hao took a deep breath and finally nodded. "Sister, thank you."Lin Jiaxi was overjoyed and touched his head. "This is the good brother of your sister."Li Xin said something shy: "Hey, I'll make more money later.""The third time, the deal. This mysterious stone ball was owned by the VIP No. 6." The voice of Xing Xing came from outside, and no one else bids. It eventually traded for 10,000 gold coins.Lin Xin was depressed: "London Brothers, you will continue to look at it. If there is anything that can catch the eye, tell me. I will send you this time, as long as you promise me that request."Long Haochen smiled and shook his head and said: "I don't have anything I want. However, I will consider your proposal. But we always have the opportunity to enter the finals of the hunting demons trial, is not it?"At this point, Haoyue has calmed down, but the hunger in the eyes has not diminished and increased. He was kneeling under the feet of Long Haochen, and Xiaoguang and the small fire continued to hold his legs.Lin Xin seemed to be thinking about something. As he knocked on the door and opened the door, the girl named Xiaonuo pushed in the golden cart before the auction stage. It was the mysterious stone ball that stood.Seeing the stone ball, Haoyue almost directly pounced on it. Long Haochen looked at it, and it only endured it, but his body shook slightly.Since the month of Haoyue was taken from the Mount of Knights, Long Haochen had seen her emotions so excited for the first time. Ten thousand gold coins are definitely astronomical figures for Long Haochen. Even if this money Lin Jia is released, this person's sentiment is firmly kept in mind and must be returned later.If you change one person, you will certainly not be so nonsense because the interest of your own World of Warcraft partner and the cost is not what you are currently able to afford.But Long Haochen was different. He had the most kinship, and Haoyue had a blood deal with him, and each part of his body had blood flowing to each other. Long Haochen saw it almost as his brother. Seeing the eagerness of Haoyue, he chose to believe in his intuition of his “brother” and decided to buy a stone ball. And he also believes that in the future he will be able to earn 10,000 gold coins.Lin Jiaxuan stepped forward with his magic crystal card. After Xiaonuo pushed the car forward, Ben wanted to say hello to Lin Xin, but he saw Lin Xin sitting there and seemed to be contemplating, but strange in his heart. Still retired. In her impression, this Lin master never smiled less on his face.Long Haochen did not give the stone ball to Haoyue directly, but instead brought it into his own Forget-me-nots ring. Lin Xin was an outsider after all. Whether or not this stone ball had any magical place, this auction site was obviously not suitable for display.