Chapter 20 Violence Priests (1)"Hey." Lin Xin Meng's thigh, "bet it."He seemed to be determined, and looked up at Long Haochen, saying: "We are the first time we met, but I believe in my eyesight. I'll bet you."Long Haochen shook his head and said: "Lin Xin, I don't gamble."Lin Xin shook her head and said: "It's not for you to bet with me. I'm betting with myself. There are three bottles of immortality. You have it. There is a note in each bottle to explain usage." The red light flashed again in his hand, and three bottles of immortality appeared in his palm. Are crystal bottles. Each jar has ten pills of soy bean size. But the colors are different.Long Haochen did not pick up the three bottles of immortality and looked at Lin Xin with his enquiry.Lin Xin sighed and said: "Brother, I am not taking these immortalities. I still hope that you promised me just now. Give me a promise."Long Haochen looked at him in surprise. "Your drug is so high, just for a promise. You..."Lin Xin smiled and said, "So it's a gamble. I believe in my own vision. And if I really bet on it, I still earn it.""These are all my favorite things. They are even better than Dali Pills, and they have never been sold outside. In the production of immortality, my brother has confidence. I tell you the truth, I really do not want to do it. A potions master, the biggest goal of my life is to travel through the entire continent to find mysterious ruins. The most likely way to accomplish this goal is to become a member of the hunting demons.""I'm very talented in making potions. But in terms of magic, I'm a lot worse. I'm good at some kind of magic, but I'm not aggressive. So even if I'm very spiritual However, the combat effectiveness was not given. This time I was named after the selection of the hunting mob, and within our magical temple, I am confident that I will get a qualifying place. However, in the final stage, the six temples will play together, I am afraid It's impossible.""Because I can't fight myself, I need a strong team. If you can get the top three in the finals, there is a chance to choose a teammate. You just promised to give me this opportunity, these three bottles of Dan The medicine is yours. If you fail to enter the top three in the end, even if I lose it.""Your strength, I can see a little bit, but just relying on your current cultivation, I am afraid that you want to impact the first three is still somewhat difficult. But with me the immortality is not the same. Maybe there really is a chance. Dragon Brothers, let us give each other a chance, how about?”At this time, Haoyue came from under the foot of Long Haochen, and after the stone ball was put into the ring of Long Mingchen’s Forget-Me-Nots, its mood was calmed down. It is very humanized with two hind legs to stand upright, his nose sniffed on Lin Xin's three bottles. Then he turned to Long Haochen and nodded.At the same time, Long Haochen’s thoughts came from a bright moon. “This man is not happy and can trust.”It was an intuition that Haoyue passed it to Long Haochen. Although Long Haochen did not know where his intuition came from, he first judged the enemy's sneak attack on the battlefield twice, and the first time he discovered the second time. Crockers are actually invisible moons. Long Haochen was aware of it later than it was later."Well, I promised you." Long Haochen took Linxin's three bottles in his hands and solemnly said.Lin Xin's heart is actually quite painful. The value of these three bottles of medicine is only clear to him. It is almost equivalent to a third of his savings. The reason why he made such a decision is indeed because of his own vision. The first is the mystery of Long Haochen and Haoyue, and the second is Longyin Chen's heart. With the observation of insight, Lin Xin decided to bet on this.Perhaps, there is still a stronger presence in the trials of the hunting demons than in the dragon's morning. However, through several consecutive insights, Lin Xin finally discovered the mystery of the Holy Spirit in the dragon's morning. A guardian knight with a Holy Spirit, for the magician of the same team, means the guardian of life! Moreover, in a short period of time, he could not find the best cooperation among the youngest of the major festivals.Of course, Lin Xin also had his embarrassment. He caught a key point, that is, the age of Long Haochen. As long as you are under the age of 25, you can participate in the hunting group trials, even if this is not the case, after five years? Now that it is the fourth-order Long Haochen, what kind of repairs can be achieved in five years? At that time, it should be no problem to fight the top three. Moreover, only 18-year-old himself this year, and still in the scope of the selection of the hunting demon group after five years.He does not know what his decision at this time means, Lin Xin has done countless immortals for a lifetime, but the highest value of the sale is the immediate three bottles. At the moment he resolved, the god of luck had already stood by him.The auction outside continues to continue. There is no shortage of quality products, but everyone is not interested. Fortunately, he exited early and left the Shengmeng auction site."London Brothers, we have goodbye to the Holy Mongolian Union. Let's refuel it together." Lin Xin did not entanglement anymore, his hands clasped the dark green hair behind his head, and showed a smile to Long Haochen and turned around. go with.Looking at the back of his departure, Li Xin slightly blamed: "You are impulsive, brother. We don't know who he is!"Long Haochen smiled slightly and said: "He should not be a bad person. The intuition of Haoyue told me that he could promise him."Xiaoguang and Xiao Huo’s big heads joined together, and then they yanked on the trousers of Long Haochen’s trousers. Obviously, they still remembered the mysterious stone ball.Li Xin and Lin Jiayi looked at each other, and they did not say anything. After all, how did Lin Xin say that he was a potion master, and Long Haochen had no harm in knowing such a friend.Back to the hotel, Long Haochen had just closed the door and Haoyue could not help but jump up and down.Long Haochen had some frustration: “You are in a hurry.” As he spoke, a soft, pale golden light spread out over him. It was the veil of light. In a flash, the veil of light shrouded the interior of the room.Defensive and spiritual masks are not very good, but its role in isolating the sounds of sound and energy is very practical.After the isolation of the mask was completed, Long Haochen took the stone ball out of the Forget-me-nots ring and handed it to Haoyue.Small light and a small fire looked at each other. Suddenly, Xiaoguang’s mouth widened open and he swallowed the stone ball.You know, this stone ball can be a human head size, although the length of Haoyue is also two meters, but the head is not too big, fiercely swallowed such a stone ball, Xiaoguang neck is bulging, finally hard, that The stone ball gradually slipped into the belly of Haoyue."I just eat it?" Long Haochen looked at Xiaoguang and a small fire in surprise."Hey, hey..." The small fire sent a series of whine sounds to Long Haochen. They couldn't really speak, but they could pass their ideas to Long Haochen through a contract.In the heart of Long Haochen suddenly surprised, "What? You want to return to the original world?"