Chapter Twenty Violence Priest (2)It was this kind of information passed to him by the small fire. Moreover, Xiaohuo also told Long Haochen that they might not be able to return for a while and could not be summoned by Long Haochen. As for how long this period will be, they do not know.Since Long Yue and Long Haochen had never had the idea of ​​returning to their original space, it was obviously due to the stone ball that changes have occurred.Long Haochen looked at them, and with some reluctance, he nodded and said, "It seems that the stone ball is really important to you. In that case, then you will go back. I don't have to worry about it here. There is no danger in the group selection."In fact, soon to participate in the competition, Long Haochen is now the time most needed to help Haoyue. Although Haoyue’s cultivation is not as high, Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo can use a variety of magic. In battle, they cooperate with Long Haochen again. Very understanding, there is no small help for him.However, Long Haochen was reluctant to let Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo disappoint with his own business. He could also feel the desire of Xiaoguang and Xiaohuo for the stone ball.Small lights and small fires reveal a bit of embarrassment. They obviously know that this time should not leave Long Haochen. The two heads licked on the dragon's morning leg and moaned a few times. However, there is no change in the determination of their eyes. It is clearly determined.The purple lines on the back of the lunar month are slowly shining, turning into a faint violet light to envelop the body. Deeply looking at Long Haochen's eyes, the purple light converges. In the next moment, the body of Haoyue is like an instant reduction. It disappeared instantly and returned to its original space.Looking at the place where Haoyue disappeared, Long Haochen reluctantly suppressed the sadness in his heart. He took out the three bottles that Lin Xin gave him from the Forget-me-nots ring, opened the corks, and took out the inside notes.This does not matter, Long Haochen's eyes instantly become large. His first reaction was, is this true?Writing on three slips of paper is very simple. The first one is written, below the fifth order, taking one pill per day.The second one is written. In any case, it can be restored within 200 seconds.The third piece of writing is that it instantly stimulates potential and increases overall combat effectiveness by 20% for 30 seconds. After use, it is weak for twelve hours.Although Long Haochen did not know that these were already the best of the fourth-order immortality, he could see the value of these things.This kind of person seems to have owed a bit of a big deal. Whether it is for Lin Xin's promise or for the sake of an early improvement of the repairs, it is necessary to work hard.Thought of this, Long Haochen took one of the first bottles of potion and put it in the mouth, sitting cross-legged and practicing.The next morning, Long Haochen and five other people set off again and went straight to the holy city. After a day's rest, the people are all full of energy. The hunting corps trials are about to begin. They have their own plans and expectations, but there is no doubt that they are all motivated.After two days of hurry, the Holy City in the distance is already on the lookout. Long Haochen and others waited for the speed of the horse to slow down. It takes one and a half minutes to report on the entries. They do not need to worry too much.Walking forward, there was a sudden voice of argument that caught the attention of the five dragons.“It's been a long time for you to see that this deadhead is not pleasing to the eye. Just now I haven’t even been to Holy City. I don’t think you need to go to the trials. Bring your number plate out and you can roll back to the city. Were the priests who wouldn’t even treat us still want to lead us and really made ourselves the captain?”"How many of you want to rebel?" a vigorous voice began to sound.This sudden sound attracted the attention of Long Haochen because the first sound sounded familiar.Through a small forest, Long Haochen and Li Xin, they saw the quarreling parties.After a total of six people were in the woods, Long Haochen's judgment was correct. One of them was indeed his acquaintance. It was the ghost warrior who had been seen on the Mount of Knights.At this time, Ghost Wu rode with his full-blooded red armored dragon, with a spear in his right hand and a high-top look.The six people split into two dials. There are as many as five people on Guiwu's side. On the other side, there is naturally only one person.It was a bald man, tall and tall, at least two meters away, shoulder width, back up, raised muscles to hold up clothes. The large bare head of a grassy field is bright and bright, with the eyebrows and tigers as the eyes, and the nose straight and square, with an outrageous appearance.But what made Long Haochen and others curious was that this bald man actually wore a white robe. This is the robe of prayer that the priest will wear! What Lenovo just heard, the face of Long Haochen's five faces suddenly became wonderful. Was such a strong man who looked even more sturdy than a regular warrior or a knight? Was he actually a pastor?That's right, is the priest. Didn't he have a magic wand in his hands? If that can also be called a magic wand then...The bald man in his right hand holds a staff with a length of one foot and a thick, arm-like staff, and does not see what the material is. The top of the brawny person is really a pale golden gem shining. Otherwise, it would be mistaken for an iron bar.Because the forest they had just passed through was on a hillside, so they could now clearly see the six people and they did not see them.The five people opposite the bald priest apparently were headed by ghosts. The ghost’s head was pointing in front of the spear and pointed at the bald priest: “Sima Xian, turn in the number plate and roll it back. Let’s let you go. You guys like that, you’re holy. The city is also disrespecting us for repairing the city."In the eyes of the bald priest, his eyes are cold and bright. "I don't know what Lao Tzu is. How do you guys like to get Lao Tzu?"Ghost Wu Yinyin smiled, "Then your mother won't know you."As he spoke, he stepped down and shouted at the Chikadi Dragon. He fluttered on all fours and rushed toward the bald priest. Among the other four people with him, a soldier rushed over to the side of the ghost. Among the other three, two magicians began to sing a spell, and a thin-looking man with a black face seemed to be an assassin. , physique flash, they go out from the side. It seems that the cooperation of these five people is quite a tacit understanding.Seeing here, Long Haochen's face suddenly showed a trace of anger, first regardless of whether the two sides are right or wrong, these five people actually siege a priest, this despicable behavior has made him very uncaring. Just as he rushed out to help, he was pulled by Li Xin around him."My brother, look and say. Haven't you watched the priest look like he wasn't afraid? He should have a bit of self-protection."Faced with the siege of Wuwu Wu, bald priest Sima Xianlei slams and the whole person does not advance backwards. The footsteps are extremely fast, and he quickly recedes. At the same time, his large staff is also bright. stand up.Priests and knights have always been bright partners, because they are all sacred light magic, only the priest's light magic are all based on powerful treatment and assistance.As the staff rod lifted, a brilliant golden light suddenly appeared and turned into a golden beam of light, and the bald pastor Sima Xian shrouded in it. This is the pastor's offensive and defensive one skill, the sacred light, which can effectively protect oneself and produce certain destructive power to the close enemy.