Chapter 20 Violence Priests (3)Sima Xian retreated quickly, showing that his physical fitness is not weak, but in the end it is not possible to compare it with the red armored dragon. The ghost spear is pointing forward with a spear in the hand and a golden light shoots it out. The spear edition is light sword, also called light. The thorns. A golden light went straight to Sima Xian.Ghost Wu is also a guardian knight, but he did not use a shield at this time. Instead, he held a spear in both hands. At the same time, the light spine was launched. In the meantime, the Chikadi dragon had rushed to the bald priest Sima Xian. The momentary depression of the right front foot is a record of the war trample that power-based Warcraft is good at. Strong shock waves caused the ground to collapse slightly.As Li Xin said, there is no panic on Sima Xian's face. On the contrary, the face of this strong pastor is violent and fierce.With a bang, the thorns of light were dispelled by the sacred light of his body. At the same time, Sima Xian's staff in the hands of a heavy weight on the ground, a circle of milky halo instant proliferation, not only to distort the shock wave trampled on the war, but also the impact of a black dragon at the foot of a dragon, the charge was broken."Aha--" Sima Xian shouted, and then even on the hands of the large staff, directly greeted the spear of spear.When he heard a loud noise and saw people stunned on the hillside by Long Haochen and others, the ghost spear was actually kicked off by Sima Xian, and the upper body swayed and he could hear the sound of the collision. This bald head The priest's staff is indeed metal.You know, ghost Wu is a guardian knight! And then the momentum of the Red Dragonfly can be imagined. However, he lost in the collision.While Sima Xian resisted the attack of ghosts, the armored dragons had already taken a slap in the past. The generous palm claws were radiant.Sima Xian did not confuse himself, half stature, and the wand of the wand was thrown at the end of the rod. He was beaten by a beggar who was actually hit by him.Immediately afterwards, Sima Xian's body was turned, and the staff swept out of the hand and went straight to the side of the dragon's dragon.Ghost Wu's body stabilized after a flash, and he quickly blocked the spear with his hand.The shocking scene emerged. The spear in Guiwu’s hands was actually dragged back and affixed to the black armored dragon. Along with the grief of the Chihuahua Dragons, he was strangled by two meters and nearly tripped.A priest, in the face of a Guardian knight riding on his strength to grow in the Red Dragons, hard-fought, actually got the upper hand in 3 or 2. I am afraid that whoever sees this scene will have a kind of guilty feeling.However, the situation of Sima Xian was not second. The two fighters who had gone out with Ghost Wu had already arrived. At the same time they arrived, there were two huge chains of fireballs.Lianzhu fireball fell from the sky, directly sealed the escape route of Sima Xian, and the two fighters were left and right, all hands and large swords, and launched a flea.However, a surprising scene has emerged. In the face of the siege, Sima Xian’s choice was beyond everyone’s expectation. He actually stepped back two steps quickly. At the top of the wand of his hand, a milky light turned into a sledgehammer and instantly stalked behind him.Two steps back, although he let off the flea of ​​the two soldiers in front, but he had to withstand two series of ten fireball attacks.A scream was heard and a black figure was flying out of the milky white sledgehammer and fell to the ground. It was the assassin who came from behind. He originally wanted to cover the explosion with Lianzhu fireball, and waited until the instant that the fireball exploded. Unexpectedly, Sima Xian disregarded the attacks of the frontal and magicians and found him first.Hammer of Light. The priest had the strongest attack skills before the fifth. Accurately speaking, the priest's attacking skills are extremely scarce. There were only five orders before the fifth order, which was the sacred light. The Hammer of Light and the white light ring used by Sima Xian before had knocked off the holy light.The assassin was flying by the hammer of the light, and Sima Xian was hit by a series of fireballs. The sacred light shattered, and several fireballs slammed on him. He took six or seven steps away from him, and his prayers were darkened."Ah--" Sima Xian yelled, his arms suddenly startled, and an extremely sly atmosphere burst out of him. Immediately afterwards, he would have been a magnificent body soaring, "a bang" sound, his robe of prayer was actually shattered by him, exposing a bronze lean muscle.It was like a hill-like muscle, with gluten and knots, a faint glow of red light that actually dispelled some of the body's dark spots.On the hillside, Chen Chen, who rarely speaks on weekdays, exclaimed in disbelief. "Crazy, I rely on, will be a mad priest."The madness of this skill, even if it is a Berserker, is not necessarily, there is a very high requirement for physical strength, and it belongs to the warrior temple cheat. There is not enough merit to learn it. Chen Chen, who is a Berserker, is not yet available. The bald priest can actually use it.Two voices called "Yao and Shun" were heard. Two soldiers rushing over were stunned by Sima Xian's stick. However, ghost Wu had already rushed over again, and the belief aura and guardian gift spread. The golden spear on the spear was eye-catching and turned into dozens of spears over Sima Xian.After the madness, Sima Xian appeared even more devious. His wand flew up and down. The joint attack on Guiwu and Chikadi was actually a half step. Hard hard block.Ghost Wu's face is already very ugly at this time. Although he knows that Sima Xian is very powerful, he did not expect it to be so strong. He cooperated with two other fighters and was only barely fighting a draw with Sima Xian."Standing the attack, his madness will not last long." Ghost Wu shouted, the body of golden light became more and more rich, and the body of Chikadi was to help him block the majority of Sima Xian attacks.At this time, behind the ghosts, a huge red light with a diameter of more than three meters rose into the sky and turned into a fiery red.The two similar magicians behind the Ghost War are high-witted staffs, and this huge red glow is exactly what they sent out.Joint law, fire dancing and shining. Powerful fifth-order attack magic.The two magicians are brothers. With the mystery of Lianfa, Yue Jie uses this magic that is extremely costly and powerful.The bald priest Sima Xian's face changed for the first time. He whined again, there is only one person. It is still fourth-order repairs, and those who are ghosts are also fourth-order professionals. Five people join forces to finally make this priest no longer able to resist.Just as the flames danced to the air and Sima Xian was locked in, suddenly, two lights were born and forced into the battlefield.A golden red light instantly fell on Sima Xian. Immediately afterwards, Sima Xian's body appeared with a layer of gold-colored runes. Whether it was strength, attack or defense, it was an instant increase. In his maddening state, his staff whirled, and abruptly returned the two fighters.Another white light fell on a magician behind him. A strange scene appeared. The fire dancing that had already locked Sima Xian turned out to change direction and flew toward the side of Sima Xian."Boom -" Red flash, a radius of 10 meters, all become a piece of scorched earth. However, a young man with all his body shining with golden light stands proudly. In the heart of the explosion of fire and dance, he was not affected at all.