Chapter Twenty Violence Priest (4)The young man holds the sword with his right hand and holds the sword. It is Long Haochen. In Long Haochen's hands, the lightsaber pointed toward Sima Xian, and the vengeance of the light brought by God's imperial block turned into a light of healing on him. The warmth of energy moisturized Sima Xian’s painful meridians as a result of madness.“Stopped.” Riding on the back of the dragon’s back in the Chikadi Dragon’s Ghost Wu Meng’s hands lifted the spear, controlling the Chikadi Dragon to step back. His two fellow soldiers also quickly retreated and stopped the attack."It's you." Guiwu gazed gloomyly at Long Haochen.Long Haochen said indifferently: "It's me. Can you still remember the night school teacher and the deacon's betting?"Ji Wu's face changed slightly. He had just seen with his own eyes that Long Haochen had blocked the dance of fire and the five-point magic attacks. The original self-confidence has weakened many, "Remembers naturally. We'll see you in the trials. Go." He has seen Long Haochen and his companions, plus a violent pastor Sima Xian, they are certainly not any cheaper of.Two soldiers lifted an assassin who was not lightly injured. Ghost martial and others went dingly toward the Holy City. Long Haochen did not stop, even if he wanted to defeat Gui Wu, he would also beat him upright in the selection of the hunting demons.Six months ago, Guiwu was an eight-level knight. Now it is only a first-class knight. Even with the addition of Baked Earth Dragon, Long Haochen had a certain victory."What kind of thing, hey -" Sima Xian toward the direction of ghosts and other people is very disdain spit.Long Haochen turned to him and said: "Hello, meet. My name is Long Haochen."Sima Xian touched his bright bald head and smiled and said: "Brother, thank you, I call Sima Xian. You are also going to the holy city to participate in the trials?"Long Hao nodded his head in the morning and said: "Yes, we are from the southern city of Haoyue. What did you do just now? Didn't you all come from the city?"Sima Xian looked depressed and said: "Don't mention, these guys, every good thing. Especially the ghost Wu, a bad stomach. At first not only refused to complete the trial task with me, this time to Holy City is more like Deprive me of the power to participate in the competition and say what I lost to repairing the city and the like.I will not cure it, how can I lose my face to repair the city?I see, they are worried that I get good results in the game, this The Daddy's comprador won't win my teacher."The priest who will not be treated, twitched in the heart of Long Haochen. This guy is really a weirdo!Sima Xian was very bold: "London Brothers, today you helped me. This man loves me to write it down. I must give it back later. I'll take a step and go to meet the teacher in the Holy City, or stop them from participating in the competition." Tell the teacher about things. Go away, and meet again.” Then, the bald-headed violent pastor took the staff and strode toward the holy city.Li Xin came to Long Haochen's side and could not help but smile and said: “This bald head is a bit of a meaning. I wouldn’t treat the pastor for the first time. Even if he entered the final game, would anyone like to be with him? ?"Long Haohe chuckled and said: "It's really a weirdo. Let's go."Holy City, Temple Alliance Headquarters.The city was gradually completed after entering the dark ages, and was the central institution of the Temple Alliance. There is no state in the Temple Alliance. This is the highest administrative institution and is jointly run by the six temples. Each temple has a nine-step strong man sitting here to discuss all actions against the Mozu and internal management of the Temple Alliance.The Holy City is not divided into four areas like the general city. It is a hexagonal city and symbolizes the six major temples. This is the most prosperous city in the entire Temple Alliance, but it does not set up a branch of the six major temples.In the holy city, there are three famous buildings, namely, the Union Executive Government, the Holy League General Auction House and the Temple Alliance Great Trials.All three buildings are located in the center of the Holy City. Among them, the Shengmeng Large Test Range is dedicated to the hunting demons trials, hunting demons and advanced missions. Its importance is enough to compare with any of the six major temples. It can be said that the six major temples hold strong men of their respective professions, but the Temple Alliance holds all the hunting demons.Among the three famous buildings, this large test site is also the area with the largest footprint. Divided into six regions, there are six circular test fields with diameters of up to 300 meters. There is also the exclusive Hunting Mission Mission Tower, the Hunting Magic Exchange Center, and the Temple Treasure Pavilion.When the five dragons of Long Hao came to the front of the Holy City, the Feng Yang Mu monitoring officer once again appeared before them. Bring them into the holy city and go directly to the sage's big trial site for registration.The six large temples at the registration office were responsible for the reception. Here, the five dragons in the morning had to break up. They will each go to their own temple to participate in the preliminary round."Sister Lin, Chen Dage, Chen Erge, come on. We will try to meet in the finals." Long Haochen said with a smile.Chen Si sighed and said: "We do our best." Look at the look of their brothers and clearly have no confidence. The battle of the Temple of the Warriors is fiercest. With their fourth-order primary and secondary repairs, they want to enter the top 10, and the difficulty is not as great.Lin Jiaxie smiled and said, "In the morning, you and Xiner will have to refuel."The five people reluctantly followed each other and went to their respective temples to report everywhere.When Long Haochen and Li Xin came to the Knights Templar report office, they saw the Nightingale waiting there.Seeing Long Haochen and Li Xin, Nightingale did not have any surprises. He had confidence in his apprentice, and Li Xin had a rose unicorn. His cultivation was not weak, but it was not normal without trials. ."Teacher." To see the night, Long Haochen immediately greeted him with excitement.Nightingale said: "Let's go, first register, and then stay and say. You have a rest day, the next morning, the preliminary game is about to begin." His face looked a little dignified.Report registration is very simple, hand in tokens, and re-acquire a knight's temple number plate, and then complete the registration on the line. If the contestant has not completed the task of the trial, the token will inevitably be supervised so that it can be recovered. Therefore, it is sufficient to check the authenticity of the token.At the end of the report, Nightingale brought Long Haochen and Li Xin to the Knights Templar to arrange for a check in at a hotel near the big test site and bring them directly to their room."This competition will be very intense. You must be psychologically prepared." Nightingale said gloomily.Li Xin and Long Haochen looked at each other, and at the same time, their hearts were at a loss.Nighttime Chen Sheng said: "I have heard that this time through the trials can participate in the Knights' Temple preliminary game, there are at least 100 or more, the specific number depends on the end of tomorrow's final report. But among the people who have already reported, Three earth knights.""What?" Li Xin exclaimed, Earth Knight, Fifth-order Earth Knight? That is almost the same as Nightingale. Moreover, once it is revised into the fifth rank, the spiritual power will gradually liquefy and all the power of the skills will increase. Although there is only one word difference between the knights and the knights, they are far apart.Compared to Li Xin's shock, Long Haochen had to be much calmer. Although he was also shocked by his face, his firmness in his eyes did not change.