Chapter 21 The First Battle (I)“Calm down.” Night Geng Huan took a look at Li Xin. “The Hunting Mogument selection competition is the elite talent of the entire Temple Alliance. There is something strange about the Earth Knights. There are almost every one. Don't forget. The Knights Templar is the first of the six major temples. Not only do we have a fifth-tier professional in the Cavaliers' Temple, but several other major temples also have a chance to understand the final ten finals of the Hunting Monster Trials Competition. It's almost the stage of the 5th-rank professional.Don't think that you can be equally good here in Haoyue City.The first place is just your mentality. Your task is to work hard into the top 10 of the preliminaries, so that you can enter the finals and you can become A member of the hunting demons."Although there were many young strongmen in this year's hunter-gathering trial, they were not very eager in the hearts of Nightlife. Long Hao Chen was only 14 years old, and he could participate in two trials of the hunting mob. This time he mainly hopes that the baby apprentice will come to experience it. As for the fight, it is the next trial. Give Long Hao five years in the morning, Earth Knight? Hey, at least it is also a great mountain rider.Of course, this night will not speak to Long Haochen now. He does not want to kill his appetite.“In a sense, the preliminary round is more cruel than the final round. It is a lottery for the knockout round. However, the runners above the 5th level are the first two rounds. And the temple will arrange for them to meet only in the top 10 contention. Opportunity to ensure that the Knights of the Knights can get a good ranking in the finals of the trial. Therefore, you have to score 12 points and you must not make any mistakes. Otherwise, you may be eliminated in the first round.""Yes," Long Haochen and Li Xin Gong answered.Nightingale said: "Well, you each go back to the room and have a rest. Don't go out before the game starts. You can raise a little more spiritual power and the chance in the game will be a big one."Long Haochen returned to his room and hadn't waited for him to start practicing."Teacher." Long Haochen reverently salutes the night.Nightingale waved his hand and motioned him to sit down, "say me the story of your trial."Long Haochen naturally does not hide, and they have described in detail the process of hunting the Rookes, the Dick, and the last two green swords and devils. Later on the road, Lin Xin and violent pastor Sima Xian did not hide anything.After listening to Long Haochen's remarks that they successfully killed the green-green double-edged sword, Nightingale could not help but smile. However, soon the smile became annoyed."Stupid, who made you promise that guy promised. You were cheated."Long Haochen said, "Teacher Lin Xin looks very sincere, and the medicine he gave me is really good!"Nightingale patted his forehead, sighed and said: “You kid is still too young. Do you think that your chances of winning the first three are not great. Promise that he does not matter?”Long Hao did not say anything in the morning, but he knew that he did have such an idea."You, you, let me say what you are good for. Since he has insights, he must have seen your age and cultivation. You are only 14 years old, but this time is not enough. What is the third? I'm sure that the boy must be no more than twenty years old, and he can participate in the trial again. Moreover, his magic level is probably not only so bad."Long Haochen lowered his head. "I'm sorry, teacher. I was wrong."Nightingale gasping heavily. "Forget it, have agreed to what can be done. The husband is as good as gold. Give him the medicine you gave me to see."Long Haochen hurriedly took three kinds of immortality medicines and that strong pill from Forget-me-nots and handed it to Nightingale."Oh, that guy is a little conscience. This is all four-order immortality. I'm afraid that these bottles will not add up to 100,000 gold coins. If they are really made by him, even if the magic can be done, they can be done. Your teammates. Get it all, try hard in the next two days, I'll give you a customized goal is simple, into the final."There is no audience for the hunting demons. Because, the members of the future hunting demons are all facing the Mozu. Their data must be kept confidential. Therefore, for ordinary people, although they know that there is such a grand event, they do not know the process and the result at all.Long Haochen's number plate is 97. It is the same as his first-day spiritual power figure. Li Xin is 98.The day of the game finally arrived. In the early morning, Night Glory took the two men to the sage's big test field.The six large temples were taken into account in the construction of the entire large test site. Therefore, the six trial sites also belonged to the six major temples. Long Haochen used the number plate to come directly to the knight's trial field. Nightingale, as their teacher, presented the introduction letter given by the consul general of Haoyue City and the confirmation letter of the Haoyue Knight's Hall, and could be escorted into the room. Of course, each city can only have one teacher in each occupation.Yesterday's bone age test was completed, so after checking the number plate today they can enter directly."Yuehua Brother, we have met again." The two ghosts and ghosts and two sons and daughters happened to report behind Long Haochen.Nightingale's eyes were cold and a touch of light: "You'd better pray that your son shouldn't run into the morning." After finishing this sentence, he took Long Guichen and Li Xin and walked inwards.The ghostly voice said coldly: "What you should worry about is that you are right."The Nightingale stopped slightly and never looked back: "Moreover, clean your face so as not to stain my hands.""You..." The anger appeared on the face of the ghost and it was almost going to happen. Night Glory had already walked in with Long Haochen and Li Xin.The holy confederation's big test field is not open-air, and there is a huge dome at the top of each test site at 200 feet, covering the test field with a diameter of up to 300 meters. If you look down from the sky, you can see the large test site of the holy confederation below presents six large semicircular bulges.Upon entering the knight's trial field, the strong elements of the magic wave are blowing, and the magic elements here seem to be close to the essence. Although they are not offensive, they give people an invisible pressure.Above the dome, vaguely able to see a huge magic symbol. Complex magic arrays can be seen everywhere and obviously have different functions.The center of the test field is a huge square with a diameter of 200 meters. The ground is covered with loess, and it is said that under the loess there is also the existence of a large magic array. No matter what kind of loess is destroyed, it can be restored in a short time.Around the square, there is a grandstand. One of the highest stands is particularly prominent. It is the rostrum of the trial venue."The rich elements fluctuate!" exclaimed Li Xin.