Chapter Twelve (early)Nightingale said: "The magic array in this large test field is enough to withstand the attack of the nine-step professional. How can elemental fluctuations be weak?"Under the guidance of the staff of the test field, they came to the players area and took a seat. At that time, many people had come. The contestants were all dressed up and one by one was overbearing.Not long ago, the dome of the test field suddenly lighted up, and a huge golden glow spread out from the dome. Because there are no spectators here, there is a lot of empty space around the test field, but on the rostrum, more than a dozen people have come. Only because the platform is too high, it is difficult to see the situation above.A powerful voice rang from the rostrum. "The end of the report, the beginning of the preliminary selection of the Hunting Monsters began. The participants of the city hope to compete. The rules of the game must not be intentional injuring the opponent. If one party is dead, the other party is also sentenced, and Find out the responsibility of the branch in your city.”"All the preliminary rounds were knockouts. The first round took place today, and 138 people were reported. Four fifth-order competitors took the first two rounds and the draw started. All players were prepared."I do not know how the test field is controlled. In the center of the air dome, a huge golden ball of light slowly appears. Immediately afterwards, a large number of digits begin to shine on the photosphere.Li Xin murmured: "It's so simple to have such a famous selection of hunting mobs! There is no opening ceremony or something."Indifferent to the night, said: "This is the selection of virtuous competitions, not for show, what to do? More than 130 people participate in the first day will have to carry out more than 60 games, time wasted, when can we finish? ”At the time they were talking, the flashing numbers on the golden ball of light in the sky suddenly stopped. The two huge digits were flared and shot in the air."The first game, the 29th to the 97th, both sides enter the court. Those who have not entered the court at the 10 interest rate have been convicted."Number 97? Long Hao Chen surprised in the heart, this is not me?Nightingale and Li Xin were also shocked. No one thought that Long Haochen was actually the first one to be drawn.The other participating contestants around the team all turned their attention to the seemingly young but handsome Long Yuchen.Nightingale has already responded, and hurriedly said: "Come calmly and steadily.""Yeah." Long Haochen promised to say a word, did not dare to neglect, has already strode out. Go down the stairs and enter the playing field.Long Haochen's opponent is a young man wearing a silver armor. He looks like he is about twenty years old. Like him, he is a guardian knight, a left-handed shield, and a right-handed epee.With the appearance of the two men, a middle-aged man wearing a white embroidered dress will also step into the venue. Obviously this referee.Without excessive crap, the referee shouted when the two players were standing about 50 meters from the center of the field. "The game begins. You mustn't hurt your opponent. One side loses or loses combat ability."Along with the referee’s announcement, a layer of golden masks emerged from around the playing field, isolating the venue from the surrounding stands.Just as Long Haochen was about to begin his first battle of the Hunting Mobs Trials, another space was.Dark, this is a dark world. The raging winds, the purple moon in the sky exudes demon glory. Cracks in the earth, ubiquitous magma and highly toxic gas.In a deep cave, Haoyue quietly linger there. In the eyes of small light and small fire, dazzling brilliance shines. In front of them, the stone ball that had been bought for 10,000 gold coins had already cracked a gap. A trace of blue brilliance is spreading out from within the stone sphere.The small light and the small fire continued to take deep breaths and swallowed these blue brilliance. The three purple lines on their backs continue to shine. His body is also full of violent bloody atmosphere. Four clawed claws are on the ground.As you can see through the cracks in the stone ball, there seems to be a blue sphere inside. The surface of the sphere is actually presented as a scaly patch, accompanied by glints of glaucoma and vaguely visible. It seems that there is a lizard-like body inside. And it is such a blue ball that exudes intangible majesty. That is, Long Wei.If Lin Xin sees the blue sphere inside the stone sphere, I am afraid that the intestines he will regret will be green. This is a very impressive dragon! Seventh-order sham medicine Longdan.The number of dragons is extremely rare, but each real dragon is at least a power level above eight, and the most powerful dragon king is as high as ten, equivalent to the nine strongest humans.The biggest problem that afflicts the dragons is their fertility. They often have the opportunity to give birth to their offspring only after a millennia. The reason why Longdan is rare is related to this. Because Longdan is a dragon egg that has not been able to hatch, and it has been absorbed by heaven and earth for a thousand years.It is so difficult for the descendants of the dragons to be born and one can imagine how precious they are to their dragon eggs. Therefore, dragon eggs that can be formed into dragons are too rare. On the rare degree, even more than eight kinds of immortality.Long Dan is useful to both humans and WoW. If humans take it, they can directly have a certain bloodline of the Dragons. The internal and external spiritual powers will rise at least three hundred, and the spiritual limit of spiritual power will increase to five thousand. Taking a Longdan is equivalent to having the potential to practice at least seven steps.The World of Warcraft wants to take Longdan, the requirements are much higher, first of all, you must have Dragon descent to digest Longdan, followed by repair can not be less than six, so that after taking to promote its evolution, there is a powerful evolution effect.At the same time, Haoyue was absorbing and consuming at the same time. It was Long Dan's aura that was sent out. Looking at it, it seemed that she was not afraid of any backlash at Long Dandan."Hey--" Xiaoguang mouth made a low noise, a small fire looked at it, nodded slightly.The faint purple light rises from the top of their heads, and each of them slowly gives birth to a purple unicorn. They are slightly forward, with a single horn on the top of the head, and a banging sound, which has been embedded in a hard stone shell outside the Dragon Dan. Among them.Double-headed links, stone shells in their purple unicorn, actually like tofu is generally fragile, a moment's work, a green dragon with a dragon scale appearance of dragon has revealed.The eyes of small light and small fire all changed at this moment, from the original golden and red moments to deep purple. Raise their heads and look far away, they are thinking of another world's partners.Small light fiercely bowed his head, opened his mouth and swallowed the blue Dragon Dan into his belly. Only for a moment, the intense blue light flames have risen from their bodies, and the bulges on the side of the small light side of the neck have moved violently. The strong prestige of the flood broke out.