Chapter Twenty-Two Blind Girls Adopted (1)The first game of the knights' championship trial in the hunting demon corps was the first game. As the young knight on the 29th, Long Haochen played on the 29th. With the referee yelling that the game has officially started.Cavalier No. 29, who was wearing a silver armor, heard the referee start his voice and he stood there without hesitation. He drew a golden light and summoned his mount.The knights who can participate in the Hunting Moss Trials must be able to break through the third-order before the age of 20, so they also have experience going to the Cavalier Mount.On the other side, Long Haochen made actions that everyone expected. He stood there like a nail and did not summon his mount. The left hand shield was on his chest and the right hand slash was on the ground. Surrounding his body, a golden mist rose and the light mist rose upwards. It looked strange.Guardian Knight, disciplinary Knight general skills, gain momentum.Seeing this skill, even the great people on the rostrum, can not help but issue a series of buzz. This is because the ability to build this skill does not belong to the fourth-order category. It is a fifth-order knight or sky knight who can learn.As the mist around the body rises, the shields of light and the lightsaber in Long Haochen's hands all light up, and the rich spiritual power continues to rise. Under the shadow of the golden haze, his entire body is like a gold cast. general.In the rest area of ​​the contestants, there was a hint of surprise in the eyes of Nightingale. This skill he hadn't taught before. To be precise, even if he is a knight, he will not have this skill.Gain is not a common skill that any knight can master, but is one of the secrets of the Knights Templar.At this time, Long Haochen's opponent has summoned his own mount, a white horse with snow and white horses. This is a four-level Warcraft Snow Spirit horse.The biggest characteristic of the Snowslinger itself is speed, running and flying, and it has two talents of ice attributes. In the fourth level of Warcraft, it belongs to the high level.On the 29th, when I saw Long Mianchen’s rising haze around her body, I was stunned. What kind of skills is this? He did not know the ability of Long Haochen at this time.The skills of the knight in the Cavalier Cheats are among the more ridiculous ones. Therefore, even if the knights accumulate a certain amount of merit, few people will choose to learn this skill.Facing the skills he did not know, the 29th was naturally cautious, bouncing up and striding over Xueling Ma, but did not rush to Long Haochen the first time. The snow-capped horse flew on its four hoofs and walked toward the side.Long Haochen didn't seem to pay attention to him at all. Standing there was still motionless, not even turning around, but the body's golden light continued to increase.Just a few breaths of time, on the 29th has been around the side of Long Haochen, seeing the opponent did not even move, a moment of strong anxiety rose from the heart. Finally selected assault. At the foot of the snowshoeing horse, as if emitting a light layer of white mist, the speed suddenly increased. It was like a white light. It ran from the side to Long Haochen in the morning.On the twenty-ninth hand, the epee was raised, and the conviction and guardian gifts were applied to him one after another. At the same time, the epee in his hand also lighted up. The golden light shines, and the spiritual power on Jianfeng is fluctuating, highlighting his fourth-order cultivation.As he watched, he was only less than ten meters from Long Haochen. He crossed the Xueling horse suddenly and deflected sideways. Five meters away from Longying morning, he changed his direction. A light blade fired from the front of the sword, and it was Guangyijian who went straight to the side of the dragon's body.Because he did not know what skills Long Haochen used, out of cautious considerations, the 29th Knight first launched a temptation attack.However, even if it is to test offense, he will also use his strengths as much as possible. Xueling Ma's footwork is in full swing. At the same time, he drifts towards the morning of the dragon's morning. This is the natural skill of Xueling Ma. Reduces the opponent's speed while reducing the opponent's attack. If you encounter repairs to lower opponents, you can even freeze them.It was at this time that Long Haochen, who had been standing still for a long time, finally had an action. Half turned, Hengdun.When the sound of light, the sword of the light 斩 狠狠 狠狠 劈 劈 劈 劈 劈 劈 劈 皓 皓 皓 皓 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 手中 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。.Almost only for the next second, Long Haochen had already fully rendered the golden lightsaber to go out. The same is light sword.The same skills are used in different people's hands, but the effect is completely different.The light sword of the Knights of the Twenty-nineth is just pale gold. This is also the normal color that can be played by ordinary light swords. The dragon's sword can be drawn out, but it is gold. The golden light blade is more than twice as large as the opponent's light sword.In front of the ice fog is like being drawn from the general, along the side of Long Yuchen open the body, the golden light edge of the edge to calculate the wonderful wonderful, it is just the snow horse must pass the road.Twenty-nine shocked and stature went down to the bright golden edge. For the Cavaliers, a horse partner is their second life. Seeing that Long Yaochen's light sword is far from what he knows, how can he not feel the crisis?The shield was carrying the arm of the twenty-nineth. The squeaky squat was on the neck of the snowy horse. The snowing horse sighed with a groan. The body slammed forward and suddenly fell like a side.The block of the 29th is already fully committed. He is not an elitist who can participate in the selection of the hunting mob, and he has no time to use a holy shield.However, the power of the dragon's sword is really too large. It has completely surpassed the scope of the Kwangju sword. The holy light shield was instantly disintegrated, and the shield on the 29th itself had a large crack. Even with his own blood is also a spout.Long Haochen fully demonstrated what is called Jingruo's essence, if he pulls away from rabbits, and makes full assault, like a golden lightning-like rush to the opponent.Xue Ling Ma is indeed Shen Jun, in this case, still barely stabilized his own body, grabbed a few steps forward. Although the body has been tilted, it does not directly fall.Unfortunately, at this time, Long Haochen arrived.The epee in the hand of the 29th was sent out in an attempt to resist Long Haochen. However, just now he was injured. The left arm holding the shield was completely numb, which greatly affected his attack.With a loud bang, the epee was lifted by the shield of the glorious shield. Immediately afterwards, the Shield of the Glory slammed into the side of the Snow Horse.The Snow Ling Ma Lian crashed down with the Knights of the 29th. Because of the momentum, even a few meters ahead.Long Haochen took advantage of the recoil of the collision, stopped at the foot and changed his direction. The stature flicker came to the front of the opponent. Epee pointed forward, pointing to the other's chest.On the 29th, the whole person looked a bit sluggish. The Snow Lingma fell to the ground and added some minor injuries. More importantly, its owner has no half resistance.