Chapter II Mysterious New Teacher (4)“The Mozu people have killed thousands of our compatriots and let our fellow countrymen's blood stain the red earth. For three thousand years, our six temples have never dared to slacken their lives. For the sake of human reproduction and inheritance, one day It will be able to recapture everything we have lost and drive those cruel and vicious Mozu away to make every effort until the last drop of life is burned out.""Long Haochen, you have to keep in mind that Mozu is our enemies who have a deep-seated enemy of blood."Xing Yu's voice was full of infectious power, even if only nine-year-old Long Haochen had some blood boiling with his words."Mozu is our enemies with deep-seated enemies." Long Hao Chen resolutely repeats what Xingyu said.Xing Yu nodded. "All efforts we have made are to expel them from our homes, to regain everything we have lost and to protect our loved ones. If we one day, we fail to stop the invasion of Mozu." Footsteps, what happens when they arrive in Odin? What are the disasters your friends and your mother will face?”Long Hao Chen Lingling began a cold war, the dedication of the eyes became stronger and stronger.Looking at him like that, Xing Yu's eyes showed a somewhat satisfactory look. He naturally saw that this little guy had already kept his mind in mind.“There is so much historical knowledge to teach you today. Tomorrow begins, I will tell you about the origins of the six temples. Then I will teach you our human characters and some knowledge related to Mozu.”For a whole morning, Long Haochen was immersed in various stories told by Xingyu. Compared to the former Barzat instructors, the new teacher brought him too many different things. All kinds of cited texts, simple and direct, as if endless knowledge. Just one morning, Long Haochen had already felt that his brain had enriched his knowledge. This makes Long Hao a bit like the teacher of Xingyu."Tomorrow morning, I will test everything you teach today. Well, we have a meal. You can rest for half an hour after a meal."Saying that Xingyu is like magic, all kinds of food on a wooden table in a matter of seconds.The slightly burning energy surged from Xingyu's hands. Under Long Ming morning's stunned gaze, the food suddenly radiated steam and warmth.A large pot of crystal-clear white rice, two dishes of four prime portions of the dishes, as well as a pot of water to make Dragonsweet morning swallow the fragrant chicken soup. Because of his family's difficulties, he had never eaten such a good food since he was small. He only saw that Long Haochen’s eyes were a bit straight.Xingyu took out the two pairs of chopsticks. "Eat it. You can rest for a while after eating."Long Haochen suddenly quickly stood up and walked to Xingyu before he collapsed to the ground."What are you doing? Don't you know that men have gold under their knees, can you easily give them a squat?" Xingyu yelled.Long Haochen lowered his head and shouted, "Teacher, I, I...""You what you, a little bit of grace you have to give someone to kneel, do I teach a taro worm it?" Xingyu's voice is a bit harsher.Long Haochen whispered: "My teacher, I want to say, can I eat less every day, then bring my mother a little every week when I go home. My mother has never eaten such a delicious thing."Xingyu’s fierce stay, the original anger disappeared in an instant, the whole person looked a bit sluggish, and even give a stiff feeling. Long Haochen did not see because of her head bowing. At this time, her mysterious new teacher, her lips were trembling slightly. There are also more glittering things in my eyes.Slowly got up and Xingyu pushed open the door and walked out, but his voice came back. “Get up and eat. I promise you, as long as you follow my hard work, I can meet my requirements, and every day I send people A meal for your mother."“Thank you for the teacher.” Long Haochen was overjoyed, and he turned to walk in the direction of the door and squeaked a few rings before he got up and started to move on to the tempting meal.Xingyu stood outside the door and looked up at the sky as if trying to suppress something. He said in a voice that only he could hear: "Humility, Honesty, Mercy, Heroism, Justice, Sacrifice, Honor, Obsession, Love, Justice What else is he missing? Is it really a natural knight?"When he returned to the wooden hut, Xiao Xiaochen had already finished lunch, but every meal had left half of the unmoved food. He also had a bowl of rice on Xingyu's side. See him back, quickly stood up and looked at him respectfully."The room next door is yours, take a break. I will call you by the time.""Yes." Long Haochen only felt that Teacher Xing Yu was heavenly to rest on her own gift.After half an hour, Xing Yu called Long Haochen."It will be your cultivation time in the afternoon and in the evening. This is for you." Xing Yu handed a pair of green bamboo swords to Long Haochen.This bamboo sword is much lighter than the original wooden sword used by Long Haochen. It is a one-handed one. Although it is light, nothing can feel the tenacity.Xing Yu took his arm to rise again and leapt under the peak. Just a moment's work, he took Long Haochen to the hillside.Pointing to a large rock in front of him, Xingyu said: “This is a natural ant nest. There are thousands of ants in it. Although this insect is not considered World of Warcraft, it is very strong. Be aggressive, especially for intruders. Remember to protect yourself with your bamboo sword."Just a brief explanation, before Long Haochen understood what was going on, Xingyu had already kicked the big stone in front of him and sent him to the dark cave under Da Shi in the exclaimed sound of Long Haochen.A soft power holding the dragon's morning and falling down, has been falling about five meters, he was down to earth.The big stone on the head has been re-positioned. He hasn't seen any fingers around him. Just before the big stone was covered, he vaguely saw about 10 square meters of space around him.It was also at this time that, as soon as he heard it, Long Haochen only thought that there seemed to be more and more dense things around him, flying from all directions toward himself.At this point he only understood what Xingyu teacher meant, and subconsciously waved a pair of bamboo swords in his hands.However, he learned only some of the most basic techniques of cutting, smashing, and stabbing in the Odinzi Palace. Faced with the number of mad ants that did not know how, almost all of the body was bitten for a moment.Severe pain came from all over the body, so Xiao Xiaochen suddenly screamed and the bamboo sword in his hands suddenly became disorganized."This is one of your cultivation methods. It is also your initial assessment. If you can't stand this level, you can go down tomorrow."Xing Yu’s voice was heard in Long Chenchen’s ears, causing his panic-stricken emotions to stabilize slightly. However, the pain on his body was even more severe. The clothes on his body could not stop the bite of the ants. The sword can clearly feel that a large number of objects have been hit even if it is just a scattered wave."I can withstand it." Long Haochen shouted and thought of his mother and thought of what Xingyu had said to him today. Courage suddenly broke through the bondage of fear, desperately waving the bamboo sword in his hand, and drove him to constantly attack him. ant."Although you can't see it now, what you lose is just vision. You still have hearing, smell, touch, feeling and even taste. Use everything you can to help yourself to feel everything around you..."