Chapter Twenty-Two Brave Girls Adopted (2)The reason why the 29th is sluggish is because he never thought that he would be defeated so quickly. And the opponent is still a teenager who looks significantly smaller than himself. Even more unacceptable to him was that the opponent did not even summon the mount and the game was over.“The first game, the 97th win, the 29th, the exit.” The referee did not know when he had come to the front of both players and gave a verdict.Long Haochen took the sword and took a knight ceremony to the 29th and the referee, and then he walked toward the rest area.From the beginning to the end of this game, it took less than a minute. Many participating knights did not even see what was happening and the game was over. Looks beautiful and beautiful looks like a very small age Long Yuchen wins.When Long Haochen walked back to the rest area, the eyes of those knights who had watched him had changed significantly.Of the dozen or so people sitting on the rostrum, an old man sitting in the most central position nodded. "This child is fine. I just don't know what his mount is."Another old man beside him said: "He seems to carry a ring of inheritance. It seems that this trial has a good look. The few little guys in the fifth stage haven't played yet, but they have let us It's a little bit of meaning to see the potential and the parry."The old man in the center smiled and said, “The skill is not the key, but the key is calm. From the beginning of the game, the child of the 97th is already calculating his opponent. On the 29th, it is estimated that even the reserve skills are not known. Otherwise, he will not fail to attack at the first time, and the longer the time for accumulating this power, the greater the power, but it will only be a blow, it must also be the end of the three Use it within seconds, otherwise the spiritual power saved before will be wasted."The old man beside him smiled and said, "Yeah! This child even took advantage of the revenge of the light brought by the block of the gods, and increased the strength of the light sword after the resurrection. The sword has already reached the earth knight. Four or five levels of attack power.Looking at him is certainly less than twenty years old, I seem to have seen five years later we are the leaders of the knights temple to participate in the trial.To ask, the child is from which city of.""Yes." Among the people sitting behind them in a row, a middle-aged man mournfully left after quietly.“Yeah morning, you are awesome.” Li Xin watched the Long Haochen flag win the victory. He was even happier than she had won. He hugged him and kissed him on his face, and got Long Haochen’s big red face. .Evening China's faceless expression: "You are too early to expose. Even if you do not use God to block, that 29th should not be your opponent, his cultivation is not more than four Grand Knights."Long Haochen smiled with a smile: "I forgot to tell you, teacher, I had a bit of something and returned to its own space.""Ah?" Nightingale was startled. "Awkward month isn't there. If it's so critical, why did it go instead? Didn't it always stick to you?"Long Haochen said: "Just because of the stone ball that I mentioned to you, it seems to value something in the stone ball and bring it back to his own space."Nightingly frowns. "It's no wonder that you've chosen this way. You're confusing your opponents so that they don't know what you're really doing. In the following races, beware of the mounts you release at any time. That's fine, no A mount can also better exercise your own abilities, but it may be difficult for the following games.The preliminary game is even more cruel than the finals, and every opponent will become stronger each time.Maybe even face five. You must be mentally prepared."Long Haochen nodded his head firmly. "Teacher, I will enter the top ten."Nightingale said: "Well, you must go back to practice."Long Haochen originally wanted to see Li Xin's game and walk again.The evening’s faint light: “The next game need not be watched. The actual combat experience is to get it in actual combat, just to see it, it's useless. And, today is only the first day. You don’t have to worry about Xiner. She has. Rose unicorn, if even the first field can not support the past, I think Naland fat can also abdicate."Just as they spoke, the second game began. Just as Nightingale said, because there are so many matches on the first day, the connection is very close. The referee is still the previous referee.Long Haochen looked over at Li Xin after apologizing and left the seat before returning to the hotel.Out of the sacred confederation's big test field, Long Hao long gas exports, although he just seemed to win is easy, but in fact, his heart is also very nervous. This war not only allowed him to pass the first round, but also gave him some confidence.Some cloudy days today, the sky is gloomy, and it seems that it may rain at any time. Long Haochen looked at the sky and walked toward the hotel where he lived.Lin Xin had an excellent effect on his immortality. He had already eaten four kinds of immortality drugs that could increase the spiritual power within ten points every day. He said that as described in the introduction of immortality, in his daily cultivation, he had to The force has an excellent effect.However, for Long Haochen, the immortality was not improved within ten points, but more. As for how much he did not know, but after practicing this kind of potency, he had at least more than doubled the spiritual power he had raised compared to his usual practice.It was just such a few days, coupled with the potential of killing the green and double-edged swords, Long Haochen's inner spiritual power had already exceeded the 1,750 mark, and he was sure that he was currently down the track. Nine Grand Knights.When each level reaches the last level, the span of spiritual power is the largest. Like the fourth-order knight, only ninety-five points of spiritual power are needed for the first nine levels of ascension, but it is finally possible to reach a breakthrough from nine levels. The realm of the knights in the earth requires a total increase of 250 in spiritual power.Nightingale set a goal for Long Haochen. He also set himself a goal. His goal is to work hard into the top 10 of the final, not the top ten of the preliminary round.However, Long Haochen himself feels a pity. If there is a bright moon, he is confident that he will achieve good results in the finals. But now he can only rely on himself.As he walked toward the hotel, Long Haochen thought about what tactic he should use for the next game. At this moment, he heard a strange voice."笃, 笃, 笃, 笃, 笃..."Subconsciously looked up, Long Haochen saw a person. To be precise is a girl.The young girl had long purple hair, and she tied it briefly behind her head. She wore a black scarf on her face and covered her looks. Her eyes were exposed, but she was gray and white. She did not have the slightest color. That grotesque sound was made by a green bamboo stick in her hand that was continuously tapped on the ground.The girl's figure is shorter than the dragon's morning, and even looks a bit thin, while he tries forward with a green bamboo stick and carefully walks forward. Seeing her like that, it seems very laborious."Little sister, where are you going? I'll help you." Long Haochen walked a few steps and came to the girl, asking some concerns. When watching the young girl's unblemished eyes, Long Haochen is an acid in his heart. If a person loses his eyes, then there is only one color in the world for her. What a tragic thing this is! Looking at the girl's appearance suddenly stirred up Long Yinchen's heart.