Chapter 22 The Adoption of Blind Girls (3)Long Haochen said while the sword was handed to the left, and with his right hand he had held the girl's bamboo stick. The girl stopped at the foot and suddenly, Long Yuchen who was standing beside her felt only a chill from the heart rises from the bottom of her heart. He almost unconsciously released his bamboo stick."No." The girl's voice was a little cold, not the kind of cold night. Night is outside the heat inside. But the feeling that this girl brings to Long Haochen is an almost freezing coldness. It seems as if the whole person is not half alive."Let me help you, I will send you home." Long Haochen tried to make her voice softer."I said, no need." The girl said coldly, and it continued to move forward.Long Haochen stood in the same place and watched the girl's gradually disappearing figure. Her heart suddenly felt a bit depressed. I didn't know whether it was because she did not help the girl or what else.Gently shook his head, Long Hao Chen secretly sighed in the heart, do not forget me on the ring blue light flashes, will be the light shield of the lightsaber income, striding toward their hotel.Just as he took up the weapon, suddenly the girl in front of the hard-to-followed foot suddenly returned and suddenly turned back."Hey." The girl whispered, and in her voice, the cold seemed to be weakened.Long Haochen is in a direction with her, just passing by her side, listening to her call and suddenly stopped.The girl lifted her right hand and handed it to Long Haochen. "Can you please send me some trouble?"Long Haochen was a little shy about the changes made before and after the girl's change. He subconsciously promised, "Good." As he said, he lifted his left hand and held the young girl's very slender little hand.The girl's hand is very soft, soft and supple as a tofu, five fingers long and white, as if jade carving. In the palm of your hand, there was a sense of warmth that was never felt before Long Haochen.The young woman took Long Yu Chen's hand and her soft, delicate finger gently rubbed it from the Forget-me-nots ring on Long Zhao's left middle finger.Long Haochen's face was a little red. He had reached the age of love and sinus, and held the tender young girl's hand. The heartbeat speeded up.The girl had a veil and couldn't see the look on her face, but the moment she touched the Forget-me-nots ring, her other hand was conscious and the delicate body tightened slightly.Long Haochen had a strange feeling in her heart because of her misfortune. She didn’t notice any slight changes in her mood."What place do you live in?" Long Haochen reluctantly calmed his feelings and asked the girl.The girl said: "After seventy-six feet, turn right thirty-eight feet, then turn left twenty-three feet, and you're there."In the heart of Long Haochen's heart, he was not surprised by the accurate grasp of the distance by the girls, but he felt even more pity. She is so precise about distance judgments. How much effort can I expect to realize? At this moment, the softest place in his heart was touched.Subconsciously, he clenched the girl's hand and slowly moved forward.The two people walked so quietly and slowly, but they didn't know why. Long Haochen felt a little warm in his heart. This was the first time he had taken a girl's hand while walking. Although he was Help her, but he feels like he wants to keep going like this.The maiden's breath was cold, but she was very quiet. She was stable and steady. She led her with Long Yinchen's lead. Long purple hair accompanied by light breeze, Long Haochen seemed to feel a bit warm."You, what's your name?" asked the young girl suddenly.“Ah?” Long Haochen was shocked and quickly moved away from his eyes on the girl's face. Although he knew that the girl could not see, she was still ashamed."My name is Long Haochen. How about you?""I'm Caier." The girl whispered, and her voice was only heard by Long Haochen alone."Well heard the name. Pickled, your home is in the holy city?"Chern gently shook his head and said: "I live in a city in the east of the league. Not here. This time to do something."Long Hao Chen brow wrinkled, said: "What about your family? How can they be assured that you come out alone?"Picking a subtle way: "I can take care of myself."Looking at her eyes that were not half-hearted, Long Haochen only felt as if he had choked something in his throat and said nothing."What's wrong with you?" The son of Cai Long did not hear the sound of Long Haochen, and she was surprised to turn in his direction.Long Haochen shook his head gently and shook his head. "Nothing." He almost rushed out and said that he would take care of her. However, he still managed to hold back because he did not have such ability now. Qualification, but also too pretentious. However, he felt a heartfelt distress in front of the child who had lost his eyesight.Caier stops and makes Long Haochen, who has some feelings of depression, stop with him."What's wrong?" Long Haochen looked at her.Pick children: "I'm here."Long Haochen was surprised when he discovered that he should have taken the children with him, but now it seems that she has gone with her."I'm sorry, I ..." Long Haochen said embarrassed.Caier shook his head gently and pulled his hand gently out of his hands. "Thank you."Long Hao looked up and looked at it. It was also a hotel and it was very close to the one where he lived."I'll send you in." Long Haochen said.Caier shook his head again. "No, I can."Long Haochen scratched his head and said, "Good-bye. You are careful." Although he knew that Cher was invisible, he still waved to her and left the hotel where he lived.Caier did not return directly to the hotel, but stood there quietly. In the direction of Long Haochen's departure, her hidden outline under the veil was a shallow arc."It was really him. This fool. Yes! For several years, how could he recognize me? I lost my sense of taste and ability to speak, but now I lost my vision. Long Haochen, Long Xi. Morning!” She assured herself that she had taken this name and slowly held her hand, which had been held by Long Haochen, slowly and slowly, and returned to the hotel.Long Haochen returned to the room, but the appearance of the blind girl before him was in his mind for a long time. Even if he sat down cross-legged, he also failed to enter the final stage."It seems that I chose to guard the Cavaliers is really right. In this world, there are too many people who need guarding." Long Haochen sighed loudly and took a medicine Lin Xin gave him, calming down his mind, slowing down. Slowly enter the cultivation state.The first day of the preliminaries of the hunting demons started this way. When Long Haochen returned to the hotel to rest, more contestants were still in full swing.Only on this first day of the game, half of them will be out of the game and eliminated.The magical temple trial room, Lin Xinyou and Yu You's sitting in the rest seat to watch the game. He was not nervous at all and sat there watching the contestants around him.His place is the first row of the players' seats. There are only two people around him, one man and one woman."Two people, are you interested in medicine?" Lin Xin smiled and asked the man and woman around him.Two young magicians looked at him with a look of doubt and were slightly alert in their eyes.