Chapter 22 The Adoption of Blind Girls (4)Lin Xin smiled and said: “Two people, know something, my name is Lin Xin, and I am from Aimei City. Speaking of it, we are all fifth-order and make friends. Anyway, with our strength, we enter the top ten. There is no problem. In addition to being a magician, I am still a potion pharmacist. You see, this is the immortality I have refined."While talking, Lin Xin drew a crystal bottle from his bosom and shook it. In his eyes, it was full of color. The heart secretly whispered, brother has medicine, the world is invincible ah!"Yeah." In the hands of Sima Xian's heavyweight staff, he swept a thousand troops, and he flew out his opponent's shit, followed by a hammer of holy light flying over the opponent's head.His opponent is a young man with a very pale face and an unbelievable look at Sima Xian. "You, are you a pastor or a warrior? Referee, this is not fair."Whether it is a pastor's rest area or those who are on the bench of the Priest's Temple Trial, this time his face is full of incredible looks."I won't pay if I don't give up." The Hammer of Light fell slightly.Sima Xian took his staff in his hands and weighed heavily on the ground. He made a buzzing noise and even the referee's face changed. Sima Xian touched his big head and did not return to the rest area.Chen Chen stood there with a bitter look. He couldn't believe what he had just faced. Although he does not have much hope for whether he can qualify. The first round was so fiercely defeated. How could he feel better in his heart? More importantly, he lost in the hands of a shield soldier.It was not that he couldn't break the other's defense, but that the other side was attacking and attacking. He used only three strokes to defeat him.Chen Chen opposite the shield warrior is a girl. Standing about one meter seven or so, the black long hair combed into a neat ponytail and a slender figure. Eyebrows are pressing the British air.If you only look at the appearance, no one can think of this girl looks slender girl will be a soldier, but on her side, there is a one-meter-meter-high, width of one meter two, like a bed-like oversized tower shield . This is her only weapon, this looks absolutely no less than five hundred pounds of heavy guys, just facing her in the hands of Chen Chen, pointing fingers in her hands, up and down.On the stage of the Warrior Temple Trial Hall, a stature old man stunned: "This girl is a shield soldier or a mad warrior? Oh, no, how do I think she is more like an axe warrior? You see it is not. Just now. The Tower Shield is just a sense of heavy axe used by her. Is this the little monster who is trained?”The preliminary game of the first day of the Hunting Monster Trials continued until the end of the evening. The last player to finish the game was not the largest number of warrior temples, but rather the Magic Temple.After the first round of elimination, the judges of the major temples who can sit on the rostrum have a common view, that is, there are monsters this year, and this year is particularly large. Just a day's game, there have been many wonderful people.It is said that there is actually a fourth-order summoner on the side of the soul temple. He does not know what method he uses to summon a Hell three-headed dog up to level eight and directly faints his opponent.However, the participating elites of the six temples could not explore the news at this time. They all took time to return to their place of rest. The cruelty of the preliminary game was not just a knock-out game. More important is the continuous game. Regardless of when your first day of the game ends, the game must continue the next day. This is a great test for the competitor's ability to recover.The pale golden air flow slowly rotates, and the white light emitted from the creamy three-legged hearth furnace at the core becomes stronger and stronger.The lustrous pale gold inner spiritual power is continuously gathered from the four limbs to the funnel-shaped vortex at the chest, and then spreads back into the body as the vortex swirls. All the meridians against the background show a pale golden luster.After returning from yesterday morning, Long Haochen had been quietly practicing for a day. When he was in cultivation, he was always absorbing heaven and earth's aura to supplement himself. The demand for food was very low, but he had only eaten something last night. In addition to that brief period of time, he had practiced almost day and night.Under the stimulation of drugs, the growth rate of spiritual power in him was even a little shocking to himself. It was only a day's time. His spiritual power was raised by at least 20 points. At this rate, at most ten days, he will have an opportunity to attack the fifth stage. Of course, there will be bottlenecks in the fifth-order, and it will be difficult to say how long it takes to break through the bottleneck.From the very beginning of cultivation to the present, Long Yuchen has never encountered a real bottleneck due to the bright children's constitution."The next morning, it's time to go." The door knocked and Li Xin's voice came from outside.Convergence of the golden light, the white light at the chest is hidden, and Long Haochen wakes up from the cultivation state. "Come."Opening the door, Long Haochen first saw the excitement of Li Xin's face."Sister, you won yesterday." Long Haochen immediately guessed the reason for her excitement.Li Xin nodded. "Well, it's still easy. It's just not as fast as you did. Jia Hao also passed the first round. Unfortunately, both Chen Si and Chen Chen are..."Long Haochen was surprised. "Big brother and Chen Erge lost?"Li Xin sighed and said: “There is more fierce competition on the side of the Temple of the Warriors than on our side. The players who can come to the competition are almost all those who are stronger than the fourth-order and want to break through easily. Let’s go and eat something. Today, we have to cheer together in the second round of the game. After this round, there will only be more than 30 people. Each round will be even more difficult. You can't care less about your brother. You must be able to break into the top ten. of."After a simple meal and night merging, the trio once again came to the sage's big test field.Nightingale looked in the eyes of the eyes of the darkness of the morning, secretly nodded his head, this child must have been practicing after returning yesterday, otherwise it will not be so God finished. I hope that luck can still be as good as yesterday and be able to play early.After the first day of competition, the Cavaliers who entered the trial field once again reduced by half, and although the number was small, the atmosphere became obviously more tense. After yesterday's competition, these participating young elites saw the cruelty of the game, and they were also cautious about watching potential opponents around them. After all, nobody knows what the draw will be.Long Haochen was the first person to play yesterday, so the racing knights have naturally paid more attention to him. And Long Haochen was also observing. He only observed one person.As soon as he entered the rest area, Long Haochen saw the knight. It was a young man in his 20s. The young man was tall and tall, at least one meter nine nine inches wide, with a wide shoulder and a short blond hair that stood like a steel needle on top of his head. The handsome appearance is full of masculine temperament, and the lines of his face are like a knife.Instead of wearing armor, he was dressed in black and entered the rest area and sat down directly in the center of the first row.Good calmness. Long Hao morning secretly sad. Although this young man appeared to be only in his twenties, he gave him a feeling of calm and thick. Especially his eyes, Shen Ning, actually couldn't see half emotions. Sitting down the back board is straight, but it is motionless. It's like it's still there."Teacher, who is that person?" Long Haochen whispered to the nightlife around him.