Chapter Twenty-Three Fear of Heaven (I)Seeing that young man, Nightingale's face is also a dazed look. "I don't know, but he is definitely fifth-order. According to the rules of the selection, he can sit in the first row with only five players. This time we There are four ranks of the Knights Templar. He should be one of them, and they have the first two rounds of the fifth round. The other three haven't come yet. He has come to watch the battle. This man is terrible. You'd better pray. Don't meet him in the game."Listening to the teacher's words, Long Haochen's eyes gradually changed, becoming sharp and sharp, and his eyes were usually very gentle. Only when he held the weapon did he have such a change. But at this time, his dedication was inspired. Firm, sharp, and in an instant, Long Haochen was like a sharp sword."Teacher, I want to challenge him," Long Haochen said quietly.Evening night. When he was about to say something, the black youth sitting there seemed to feel the sight of Long Haochen and slowly returned. When he saw Long Haochen, his eyes were obviously surprised. Do not know whether it was the age of the surprise dragon's morning or the handsome appearance. The head was slightly raised, and a deep war was suddenly expressed in the deep eyes.Long Haochen stood there and did not move, but his eyes were not half-branched. The two men collided with each other in the air, as if to stir up sparks.At the corner of his mouth, the black youth gradually sketched an arc toward his lips in the direction of Long Haochen. Then I turned around."What is he talking about?" Li Xin asked with a question.Long Haochen replied: "He said he waited for my challenge."Taking a deep breath, Long Haochen slowly sat down. At this moment, he only felt that there was a fire burning in his heart. This is warfare. After coming to the Holy City, he was first inspired by such a strong war. His spiritual power is very different from ordinary people. His perception is very strong. He can clearly feel that the young man in black is very strong and very strong, and his feelings are even stronger than nightlife. The more pressure there is to oppress this inwardly, the more the warfare of Long Haochen became more intense.At this time, the rostrum uploaded the same sound as yesterday."After a day's competition, there are only half of the remaining players. In yesterday's game, some of the players were not lost in strength, but lost to themselves. If they were careless and sloppy, if they were on the battlefield, they would Not only do you lose, but you leave yourself there forever, so I hope you will remember the lessons of those who lost.No one will pit the losers, only people will cheer for the winner.The next day the game continues It's still a knockout system and it starts."The huge golden ball of light slowly reappeared at the dome, and everyone’s eyes instantly solidified, and the numbers quickly changed. The mood of all contestants also fluctuates with it.Soon, two numbers appeared in the air. Two knights appeared on the battlefield and a new competition began.Today, Long Haochen was not so lucky yesterday. In three consecutive games, he and Li Xin’s numbers did not appear.Long Hao Chen sitting there motionless, his body flashing looming gold.Sitting beside him not far away, Wu Wu disdained and scorned. "What's the use of rifling in the rifle? Even if you meditate here, he's not afraid to go to the devil, and the inner power collapses?"The ghost glanced at her son coldly. "I've begun to pray that you'd better not touch him."Ghostly monk said, "Daddy, how can you behave like other people and destroy your own ambition. Although he has good strength, but after all, there is no mount, I am not that fool yesterday."The look on the ghost's face became more and more ugly. "Your talent is good, but it's too skeptical. I blame me. I've been fooling you since I was a child. No one's success has come from luck. In such a chaotic environment, Even if I let you meditate, can you settle?"Ghost Wu is a lag, yes! The atmosphere of this venue is so warm, it is even more stressful. How can you calm down your heart? However, that kid did it.The ghost's eyes fell on Long Haochen's hand. Yesterday in the first world war, he clearly saw Long Haochen's use of the momentum and the gods to block these two cheats. Inheriting the ring, this young man must have another history. With the cultivation of the night brilliance, it is impossible to have a ring of inheritance. The defensive skills of the gods are not good enough for the nighttime.In fact, Long Haochen can have this kind of cultivation at a very young age. In addition to talent, he depends on the hard work and perseverance of ordinary people. It is not terrible that a person is talented. It is fearful that he has persistence while he has talent.In short, Long Haochen had never really slept since he had followed his father’s formal practice until now. He has replaced it with cultivation. It can be said that he did not really rest in the five years. Whether it was his father's request or the request of the late Yeh-shih's teacher, he could do it all. Hell-style training created his tenacity. His own talents have also been gradually developed in this perseverance."Ninety-eighth, forty-sixth." With the change of the golden curtain, a new game is about to begin.Li Xin spirited, stood up, took a deep breath, striding toward the venue, and today her appearance time may be a little earlier than Long Hao morning.When Long Haochen, who had been quietly practicing there, heard the number 98, he slowly opened his eyes and ended his own short-term meditation.Li Xin’s opponent is a large-bodied knight. Just like the voice uploaded by the podium at the beginning of the game, the first day of the preliminary round, no one would have taken care of his opponent’s appearance. Although the opponent is a female knight, that strong youngster of the 46th is still cautious.As the referee started the game, both sides summoned their own horses at the same time.The rose unicorn can be the focus of attention no matter where it appears, not only because of its strength but also because of its beauty.Under the red rendering of the rose, Li Xinben's beautiful face is even more moving. Straight on the horse, the two swords lean to the ground on both sides of the body. The intense pale gold light inner power and the red glow of the rose unicorn quickly blend into one."Huh?" Seeing Li Xin riding a rose unicorn, Long Haochen made a scorn in the mouth.Evening wonders look to Long Haochen, "What's wrong?" He knew that his disciples' perversions, especially his amazing perception, always allowed him to observe what ordinary people couldn't see in actual combat.Long Hao Chen whispered: "The sister's rose seems to have evolved."Night was surprised, "You mean, six?"Long Hao Chen nodded his head gently. The excitement of excitement in the eyes, rose rose to the sixth grade, which means that the chance of Li Xin rushing into the top ten greatly increased.Nightingale also showed a hint of surprise, yesterday morning Long Hao morning to go early, but he has watched all the games, although there have been some potential for a strong World of Warcraft mount, but they are in the childhood, not a World of Warcraft mounts Can break through to six or more. Six levels of Warcraft, which means that the equivalent of the fifth-order mankind ah!