Chapter Twenty-Four Evolution of Spirit Furnaces (1)“Huh?” was preparing to return to his place as soon as he could, trying out what he had just realized. But at a glance, not far ahead, a green bamboo stick tapped on the ground, and the sounds of cymbals, cymbals, and cymbals rang in rhythm.is her. Long Haochen was shocked by his heart. Suddenly, he only felt that the joy brought by Ming Wu in his heart had diminished, and that another kind of strange, entangled feelings were breeding in his heart.Stepping forward quickly, Long Haochen whispered: "Caier."The adopter who was walking forward slightly paused. "Is this you, Long Haochen?"Long Haochen had come to her at this time. "It's me."Caier smiled slightly. Although she still had a veil and could not see her face, Long Haochen was completely certain that she was laughing now."Send me back, okay?" She again took the initiative to lift her hand."Good." Long Haochen suddenly discovered that he was still warm and hot hands before the moment, but at this moment because of tension and a little cool.He carefully took the child's hand, as if afraid of marrying her.Her hands are still so soft, but she is a bit warmer than yesterday. Even the chilliness of her body has faded a lot.Long Haochen took her hand and walked slowly forward. He walked slowly, even slower than yesterday. At this moment, his brain was empty and he did not think about everything about cultivation. I just felt that my heart was very quiet, as if the eagerness and joy in my heart were being washed clean at this moment. Only the touch that was in front of him would bring him such indescribable enjoyment.No matter how slow it is, the road will eventually come to an end. What's more, the place where they meet is very close to the residence of Caier.Long Haochen even thought in her heart why she could not live longer?"Arrived." Long Haochen stopped and his eyes were reluctant.Cai Ge gently pulled back his hand, "Thank you."Long Haochen shook his head quickly, but when he shook his head, he suddenly remembered that Caier was invisible.At this moment, Caier whispered: "I will come out tomorrow, but it may be a little longer. Will you send me back?""Good." Long Haochen almost blurted out. Tomorrow, the game will enter the third round, on the side of the Knights Templar, with only 30 or more remaining players. The end of the game will not be too slow.Caier waved to him, green bamboo sticks, turned and walked into the hotel.This time, Long Haochen had watched her figure completely disappear before she recovered. He really likes the feeling of holding her.For men and women, for only five years he only knew how to practice. He was only a little ignorant. He did not know what he should do. But he felt it, as long as he remembered seeing her tomorrow, he had an expectation in his heart.Back to his place of residence, Long Hao was sitting on the bed with a cross-legged knee. This time he was not able to settle for a long time like yesterday, but he entered the state of meditation for the first time.His heart is very quiet, and it can even be said to be peaceful. The kind of moving feeling makes Long Haochen even feel that cultivation has become a kind of enjoyment.He does not know why this is so, but he feels that he should have been affected by the nature of the child.The light golden haze will light up from around Long Yuchen’s body at the next moment. He actually displayed his skills in his room.This time, because there is no need to observe the opponent and no need to fight, his spirit is completely focused on the observation of the potential skills.Long Haochen clearly saw that the inner spiritual power in his own body was the same as that of the Heiner River, accompanied by the swirling vortex of the funnel of the chest. And the funnel vortex itself, at this moment it seems to have solidified, no longer a slow rotation, just quietly paused there, like a golden tip cone.The silky and energetic spirits continue to pour in like this sharp cone, and the soft and powerful inner spiritual power moves gently according to a strange rhythm.No matter how powerful the influx of mental power from the outside, the cone-shaped funnel vortex volume is always the same, only the color becomes more intense.Pale gold is the color of the original spiritual power within. The bright gold is a qualitative change after compression. The color change that appears on the surface of one's body is all due to the compression in the body.At this moment, the feeling of Ming Wu reappeared. The spirit and the liquid state of the spiritual power were actually the differences in the compressive power of the spiritual power.That's right, that's it. The liquid spiritual force is actually produced after the spiritual force is compressed to a certain extent. The key issue is to maintain the stability of this liquid.As the momentum continues, the golden turbulence of the hopper swirls and becomes more and more rich. The golden water fog around the Holy Spirit Resurrection appears again. Only this time, Long Haochen did not stop after compressing 1500 spiritual powers. Instead, he tried his best to compress all his inner spiritual power. All for the use of potential skills.The previous four-minute compression is not as effective as the last one when the smart force was compressed. It should be noted that although his total spiritual power has reached more than 1,800, but it also includes more than 200 spiritual powers, after the completion of the 1,500-point compression, there is already little left.Long Haochen clearly saw that it was closely attached to his holy spirits. At first it was only a thin layer of water mist. Along with the continuous compression of inner spiritual power, this layer of water mist gradually became thicker and stronger. The golden liquid began to appear around the Holy Spirit.It was also at this time that the original milky white Striking furnace actually exudes a faint white light.Since the possession of this spirit furnace, this was the first time Long Haochen had discovered this situation. The golden liquid that appeared because of his potential appeared to cling to the Holy Spirit with the appearance of the white light. Spin up slowly.At this moment, Long Haochen's body suddenly began to shake. The spiritual power in his body had all been compressed, and the golden funnel vibrated. This compression came from the spirit. It is also because Long Haochen has an extraordinary spiritual power. When Longxingyu first gave him the inheritance ring, he dared to retain the skills of Qiange in his fourth-order cultivation.With a long gas outlet, Long Haochen ended his momentum, and the enormous spiritual power that he let himself squeeze collapsed.However, his observation did not end and he still quietly watched the changes between the spiritual power and the Holy Spirit.This feeling is very beautiful. The more void the dragon's morning is, the more agile his thinking will be.The process of collapsing the spiritual power is very fast. First of all, the golden color of the funnel's vortex gradually fades. The powerful mental power of the previous collapse collapses, followed by the fine water droplets on the Holy Spirit to stop spinning and gradually dissipate.However, Long Haochen clearly discovered that the speed of dispersal of this layer of golden water droplets around the Holy Spirit Stove was much slower than that of the collapsed vortex on the funnel.Is this the benefit of liquid spirit? In the heart of Long Haochen's heart, it is clear that compared to the spiritual power of the gas, the liquid spirit has to be enriched and refined.