Chapter Twenty-Four Evolution of Spirit Furnace (2)Gradually, those fine drops of water gradually disappeared, Long Haochen completely turned into a loner, a little spiritual energy in the body has not survived, the body empty.However, just the moment after the spiritual power in his body collapsed completely, Long Haochen only felt a slight twitch in his whole body. The light elements in the air rushed into his body at a speed that surprised him and turned into The silk shiver quickly converged on the Holy Spirit in his chest.A whirlpool with an embryonic form was formed almost instantaneously. At this moment, he recovered at least ten spiritual powers.The whirlpool whirlpool began to rotate slowly and the inner spiritual power began to recover on its own. In the process, Long Haochen did not do anything. All this was its own recovery.Does it mean that this change will occur after exhausting its inner spiritual power? At this time, the spiritual power within him recovered at least twice as fast as usual.However, Long Haochen soon discovered that the speed of this reply has been gradually reduced along with the increase in the spiritual power within him. When the spiritual power within him recovered more than half, the speed of recovery has returned to its original state. No, it seems to be more accurate than the original state.Long Haochen slowly opened his eyes and I seemed to find a new way of cultivation.In general, any professional will not let their spiritual powers run out. This is really too dangerous. Therefore, few people can appreciate the feeling of Long Haochen just now. What's more, the affinity of his light elements is nearly perfect, and his feelings are much deeper than ordinary people.What Long Haochen did not know was that this skill, the ability to transform his own cultivation methods into a powerful one during the cultivation process. Today's Ming Wu is to reverse the potential skills and restore it to a cultivation method. There is no record of this practice in the Temple Alliance.Perhaps it is not the best way of cultivation, but it is without a doubt the best choice for the spiritual power to break from the gaseous state to the liquid state.Then, what Long Haochen had done was to restore his inner spiritual power to the peak and then use it to drain it. Constantly experience the process of the Holy Spirit, where the spiritual power is transformed from the gaseous state to the liquid state.Moreover, Long Haochen also discovered that every time when he tried this way, when the spiritual power in the liquid appeared, the Holy Spirit's own furnace seemed to respond.Is this what Dad said about evolution? Will my Holy Spiritual Elixir evolve?Long Haochen still remembers clearly that his father once said to himself that the Holy Spirit can be evolved five times in total. As for how to evolve father, it is not clear.In fact, what Long Xingyu did not tell him is that no one who has a Holy Spirit has ever evolved it to the fifth time.Both Li Xin and Long Haochen passed the second round smoothly, but Lin Jialu encountered Waterloo. She collapsed in the second round and lost to a 7th-level magician.Lin Jiaxuan did not plan to stay in the Holy City. That night, Li Xin left with her brothers Chen Si and Chen Chen.Because Long Haochen was practicing, Li Xin did not bother him.Early in the morning again, perhaps because the preliminary game entered a critical moment. When Long Haochen and Li Xin walked out of the hotel with the Nightingale, he even felt that the atmosphere of the Holy City was a bit nervous.The preliminary round entered the third day and it has entered the middle period. The total number of entries for the Knights Templar is 138, and the first two rounds and four fifth-order powers have not participated. The actual number of participants is 134.After two rounds of competition, the next day's game had a fortunate winner. Therefore, there are 34 candidates, plus four fifth-tier professionals, that is, 38 people.Today, these 38 people will decide the top nineteen. And tomorrow is the final elimination.Evening in the two days of the preliminaries, all from the beginning to see the end, he brought a message to Long Haochen, a news that makes the game even more intense today.Since the top 19 will be decided today, it means that there will inevitably be one person in the top ten tomorrow's game. This round of places will be generated in today's match again. Today, who can demonstrate compelling strength in the competition and get the approval of the chairman and judge committee, they can take the lead in the top ten and get this round of places.More importantly, yesterday's jury announced that because the fifth-order professionals were in the first two rounds, this round of places will not belong to those four fifth-order positions.There is no doubt that such a decision will make today's competition more intense. Who does not want to get that round of places? To get this quota means to go directly to the top ten of the knight's sanctuary. It also means that you qualify for a hunting team member. This is glory, but it also opened a door to heaven.In the history of the Hunting Moguls trials, none of the members of the hunting team have achieved less than six final successes. Moreover, their actual combat effectiveness is much stronger than that of non-hunting demons. It is also the core power of the Temple Alliance.One can imagine that as a member of the hunting demons, it is bound to receive resources from the Temple Alliance. The chance of becoming a strong player is greatly increased.So far, the vast majority of the six high-level temples, including those of the nine-stage legendary strongmen, have all come out of the hunting demons.Any member of the hunting team can choose to quit the hunting mission in the temple after ten years of execution. They are the heroes of the civilian population!Into the trial field, Long Haochen's eyes under the vision of the front row. It is not too early for them to come today. At this point, the participants who passed the first two rounds have already come a lot.Long Haochen saw the first row of four people at a glance.Yesterday, the black youth still sat in his position yesterday and he did not change his clothes. It seems that he does not think he needs to wear armor in advance.The other three, Long Hao Chen can only see the back, all men.To be precise, there are few excellent female elites such as knights and fighters. At present, on the side of the Knights Templar, it is only the female knight, Li Xin, who can enter the first thirty-eight.Today, Long Haochen was not engaged in meditation because the number of participants was much smaller. It is very likely that he will play in the first few rounds.Almost all people present, including Li Xin, were emotionally nervous. Most of them were silently praying, praying not to run into the first four guys in today's game. That is the fifth-order powerhouse! Met with them is almost equivalent to losing the opportunity to enter the top 10.Only Long Haochen was the exception. After sitting down, the first thought that appeared in his head turned out to be that, after the end of the game today, he could see the children of Xai and send him back.At the thought of this, Long Hao's pale golden eyes revealed a hint of warmth.Li Xin looked at Long Haochen's calm look. The secret passage: He was only 14 years old! Mentality is so calm. I am more than 20 years old, is it still less than the morning? Close your eyes and calm yourself down. The tension in her heart has disappeared.