Chapter Twenty-Four Evolution of Spirit Furnace (3)When two entrant numbers appeared on the dome light curtain, the rest area of ​​the entire Magic Temple trial room was silent.Of the two numbers, the first one shows 61, which is not surprising, but the second number is one.Number one, number one is going to play.In the preliminary contest of the six major temples, the top ten numbers are reserved for those with more than five ranks. If there are not enough ten people, the numbers for the other digits will also be vacant. The appearance of the first number means that there will be a fifth-degree wizard in the first game of the third day.A young girl rose up from the rest area and walked towards the venue. She was the 61st player with very bad luck.The first row, Lin Xin, a red-red magic gown, slowly rose to his feet. Yes, that number is him.Lin Xinchang's book was handsome, especially his long dark-green hair that was scattered on the waist, but it was also very distinctive.The fire-red magic robe on him was riddled with intense fire elements, and the magicians there were even able to feel the magical glare on this magic robe.Along the path of Lin Xin's movements, these gold lines run in a magic robe.Lin Xin turned around and combed his long hair with his hands on the side of the face. The contestants at the back showed an elegant and calm smile. The confidence of the female magicians who watched with confidence and calm was obviously accelerated. Potential.Lin Xin slowly walked out, and as he walked toward the venue, a powerful element of fire began to rise around his body. It was not because of the magic he used, but the magic robe on him. What effect seems to be motivated.With his right hand raised, and a move in the void, the rich fire element in the air seemed to have found its roots. It instantly gathered in his hand, and a drop of red liquid dripped downwards, gradually forming a singularity in the air. Red gold staff.The staff is not large, but when it appears, it seems that the entire Magic Temple trial site is filled with a thick layer of fire attributes.Too strong, this is the strength of the Mage? The contestants can not help but hold their breath, watching Lin Xin proudly walked into the field, envy of those who have it, and those who have it, but more is the fear.Undoubtedly, the No. 1 contestant is a fire magician. Look at him like that. He clearly knows that he has mastered the rules of fire.The girl's face on the sixty-first was a bit pale, and she felt that her luck was really bad. Not only met a fifth-order strongman, but the fifth-order competitor was probably still playing in this magical temple. The strongest player. The stunned atmosphere of the fire attributed to her was already very unstable.The referee is an old man. According to the rules for the selection of the hunting genius, when there are fifth-order competitors playing, the referee must be a seven-step strongman.He looked at Lin Xin and said, "Don't show off. I must not use any skills, including the ability to increase equipment, before I announce the start of the game.""Yes, as you wish." Lin Xin smiled, and his golden red light converged, sighing with a sigh, and said to himself, "I didn't want to use the stick anymore. In that case, I still use it."Hearing him, the girl's face on the other side became even more ugly. Even cursing the referee nosy. He is already so strong, and then use the staff. How strong would it be?Red light flashed, a wand quietly appeared in Lin Xin hand. To be precise, he was not a stick at all, but a strange red crystal.This crystal is about half a meter long. The thickest place is about a punch in diameter. The overall shape is slightly distorted. It doesn't look like a staff, nor is it inlaid.However, just now the referee reprimanded Lin Xin, but at the moment his eyes widened and he disappointed: "With such a large cloud of fire, would you like to use this practice stick?"Lin Xin smiled and seemed to hold a very common thing. "I just bought it a few days ago, and I have to find a master sculptor in the future. For the time being, it is improvised. Fire is not a top material, though. But the effect of condensing fire elements is OK."The referee's face changed continuously, and his heart was murmured. It was too hot. The boy was too busy.Fire cloud crystal is not a magic crystal, but a natural mineral crystal, containing extremely pure and condensed fire elements, only to find deep in the magma soaked for more than a thousand years.Even if it is only an egg size of a cloud of fire, embedded in any wand, you can freely become the devil-level fire property equipment. Lin Xin held such a long hand in one hand, even if it was not carved or engraved in any magical array, this staff also doubled his spiritual power. This is already a level of brilliant equipment. If you can find a powerful magician to engrave it, then this fire cloud crystal even has the opportunity to become a legendary staff.The whole staff is made of fire cloud crystal. What is the concept? This stuff could not be bought even if it had money, and the market value was at least half a million gold coins.Lin Xin opposite the 61st girl, at this time the eyes have been sluggish, she is a double magician, intensive wind system and fire magic. She also had a cloud of fire on her staff, but she only had the size of a fingernail cover and on the other side was a fingernail-sized Fengjing crystal.Look at the hands of others, and look at their own hands, and the 61st girl really wants to hide her wand."The game started." The referee stifled his heart's longing for the fire cloud crystal and sank.Lin Xin smiled at the opposite girl and said: "Beauty, let's see how we discuss it. Magic has no eyes. I haven't been able to control some of the fifth and sixth levels of magic. It would be bad if you hurt. We are all people in the magical temple, and as a man, I always have a gentlemanly manner. Well, to see that you should also be a fire magic, I'll do a simple fire control demonstration if you can get close to it. Even if you win, we also hurt the province's wounded and killed. What do you think?"Listening to him this way, the opposite girl was obviously relieved. Everyone could see that the gap between her and Lin Xin was too big.Hurriedly nodded, slightly grateful: "Please ask the brother."Lin Xin calm and calm, a faint magical glow softly fluctuate around his body, very much everyone style.Looking at the opposite girl, Lin Xin mouth rippled a faint smile, the hands of Huo Yunjing lifted, in front of slowly draw a fiery red aperture.Although this aperture is red, it does not have a slight flame, and it is like being imprinted in the air. There is no broken red light everywhere.The liquid spiritual power, only the liquid spiritual power can achieve such wonders. Moreover, watching him like that, the control of the liquid spiritual power has reached the level of arm-finding, and it is by no means a newcomer to the fifth-order stage.The fire cloud crystal returned to the starting point, the fire red aperture completely formed, then quietly suspended in front of Lin Xin, all of a sudden, all the fire attribute breath even converged, there is no half overflow. The red aperture color is still unchanged.The girl's face was pale, and she couldn't complete it completely. Is the atmosphere so easy to converge? What's more, we must also control the spiritual power we release. We must know that Lin Xin has no place in contact with the aperture.