Chapter 3 Teacher from Hell? (one)Xing Yu’s voice came again, but he only explained a few simple swordsmanship skills and disappeared.Only nine-year-old Long Haochen had to face the dark caves, the crazy ants, and the fierce pain that came all the time.Because of his severe pain, his speed slowed down again and again. However, as soon as he thought of his mother, he would have new courage in his heart.The ants brought him only severe pain, biting his teeth and fighting back his pain. He struck out the bamboo sword in his hands again and again.Xingyu stood outside the cave and felt the time passing in one minute and one second. The look on his face moved several times. He raised his hand more than once and tried to push the stone in front of him, but he still managed to hold back.If any of the children of Odingzi Temple is changed, I am afraid that soon after entering the cave, it will be fainted. However, Long Haochen has been still awake and has been working hard with the ants. The ants are non-toxic, but they can easily cause severe suffering. Their long and long bodies are not only extremely hard but also have a strong attacking power.Xing Yu's eyes constantly change, and his method of training Long Haochen is very extreme. However, he is very clear about the benefits of this extreme approach. As long as Long Haochen can support living, then his spiritual power will be developed as quickly as possible. Moreover, there are many other benefits. The premise is that his mind cannot collapse.At half an hour, for a full half hour, it seemed to Long Haochen that it had been a century away. When he was already numb because of pain, he couldn't hold his hand in the sword, and his body was soft. Caught in a coma.It was at this moment that the stone on the roof of the cave was opened, and a strong effort was made to suck up his body and countless ants were suppressed by a magical power in the cave and could not fly out.Even if it was all this is arranged by Xingyu, but when he saw the dragon's morning at this time, he still sucked a cold, his eyes showing a hint of insufferable color.At this time, Long Haochen, his whole body clothes had been damaged and his whole body was almost swollen in a circle. The original pretty little face couldn't be seen at all. Even the pair of bamboo swords have many traces of ant gnaws on them.Xingyu flew into a dragon's mouth in the dragon's morning, and the light and shadow flashed. When he didn't know how many times faster than he had come, he returned to the wooden hut with Long Haochen almost the next moment.There are a total of three wooden huts, in addition to one of their masters and apprentices, and one of them is not yet visited by Long Haochen. At this point, Xingyu took him into this wooden house.When entering a log house, it is a strong heat blowing.On the ground of this wooden house there is a pond dug out of the stone. To be exact, this pool should be built first, and then this wooden house should be built on it.Pool water is almost overflowing, and the pool water is brown, floating many drugs.Xing Yu quickly took off his clothes from his body and sent his body carefully into the hot water. Let him only mouth and nose out of the pool.Here is a hot spring. Xingyu is the pool that was excavated at the fountain. It was not known by the unconscious dragon's morning. The herbs soaked in the pool water were not even worth a thousand ten thousand bottles of liquid. the value of.Half an hour later, when Xingyu saw the swelling of Long Haochen's body gradually disappeared, he walked out of the hut.The sunlight was gradually obstructed by the night. Unconsciously, the evening had arrived."It hurts. Hey--" Long Haochen soaked in the hot spring yelled and he awoke from a coma.When the body moved, he naturally could not maintain his balance. Although the pool was not deep, he still licked his mouthfuls of water, slammed the water, and struggled out of the pool, coughing loudly.This is where? Long Haochen stared blankly at the surrounding water vapor and his own pool. The original pain was completely gone. It seemed that everything was normal, except that the whole body was clean and unobstructed.The door opened and Xingyu, holding her clothes, came in from the outside."Get dressed." A simple explanation, he went out.Long Haochen walked out of the pool with a blank sound, picked up a towel and wiped it with clean clothes. The mind also recalled everything that happened before in the ant nest.When he thought of the painful all the time, he could not help shivering. At that time, he was completely supported by a brave and brave spirit, but at this time he remembered it. He only felt that his limbs were full of pain.Pushing the door out, he discovered that he was in the third hut. When he entered the main house in the center, the table was full of rich food."Eat." Xingyu did not seem to have happened anything. He pointed to the food on the table and ate it first.Long Haochen looked at her teacher and said, "Teacher, I...""Eat first." Xingyu glanced at him harshly.Long Haochen dared not say anything more, and quickly sat down to eat. As if he hadn’t eaten for a long time, he was extremely hungry this evening, and his appetite was almost three times normal. In addition to eating a small part of Xingyu, for a while, Long Haochen finished eating all the food."Talk about your feelings today." Xing Yu did not let Long Haochen pack up the dishes, asked in a subtle way."It hurts." Long Haochen said the truth."You're on this point?" Xingyu said coldly: "This is only just beginning. Come out with me. Take your bamboo sword."The two men and women stepped out of the wooden house and came to the top of the hill.Two handles of the same bamboo sword appeared in Xingyu’s hands. “The sword is called the king in weapons. It can be attacked and defended. To protect everything, we must first protect ourselves. I will teach you to seal the word. It's up."The bamboo sword moves, the light curtain rises, and the dreamlike sword light shines on the top of the mountain. A sentence of mouth accompanied by Jianguang constantly fall into the Long Chen morning ear. Today, his practice of hell has only just begun.For seven days in a row, every morning Xingyu will teach Long Haochen various knowledge, including astronomy, geography, and history. The next day will be assessed. This is also the happiest time for Long Haochen every day.In the afternoon, hell will come. The ant nest is a required course every day and the outcome is the same. The kind of inhuman tortures and dragons are destined for death in the morning. Whenever he gives up giving up ideas, Xing Yu will simply remind him that it is not a few days since he returned home.Every time in the anthill cave, there is no doubt that the training is ended in a coma. When he wakes up, he will surely find himself soaked in hot springs. The pain is gone.After dinner, practice will begin again. Xing Yu will teach Long Haochen some tips and will make him memorize something. Until late at night, the day's training will not end.The most painful thing for Long Haochen was that Xingyu did not allow him to sleep. After the exhaustion of the night, Xingyu taught him a method of meditation. In the words of Long Haochen, it was called sitting and sleeping. But Xingyu will supervise him. If he fails to meditate in the manner taught by Xingyu, there is no doubt that Xingyu's bamboo sword will be drawn on his back to awaken him.