Chapter 24 The Possibility of Spiritual Furnace Evolution (4)"See, I'm going to start." Lin Xin gently smiled at the girl.what? He hasn't started yet? The girl's cheeks have been somewhat shaky.The cloud of fire rose again, and a light tap on the aperture gave a banging sound, and it was like he hit a metal ring. The red halo instantly collapses and turns into numerous fiery red spots suspended in mid-air.At this point, all the participants' eyes were focused on Lin Xin. No one knew what he was going to do.“Change.” Lin Xin lightly uttered a sound, and clearly saw that the fire cloud crystal in his hands had produced a series of trembling, and his low mouth seemed to read incantations, but his speed was too fast. The opponent or the referee cannot hear clearly.The Mars that are suspended in the air have changed. They are getting bigger. The most amazing thing is that in the course of the whole process, they are slowly opening like a flower bud.A blossoming red rose appeared out of nowhere in the mid-air, slowly spinning around Lin Xin's body.This scene was really shocking. Lin Xin, who was handsome and handsome, was like a fire elf under the background of a rose that was purely condensed by fire elements.The contestants were almost always holding their breath and watching the scene. They could not believe their eyes.The fire rose is at least as many as a hundred flowers. How much control is needed to control the fire element so delicate!Lin Xin’s opponent, the young girl who had finally passed the first two days of the game, was no longer pale at this time. Instead, her face was blushing. She was close enough to see the most clearly. The girls are all beautiful, not to mention the magical power of the subtle magic of fire. In her eyes, she has no pain of failure. Instead, she has a slight admiration.However, Lin Xin's show is not yet over. Huo Yunjing pointed to the front of the body, "condensing."Suddenly, all the red roses are like finding a leader, condensing and gathering in front of him quickly, condensing into a red heart-shaped pattern, dazzling flaming red, and presenting the beauty of the roses perfectly.Lin Xin gently pointed to the position of his left chest. Suddenly, the air heard the heartbeat of "Hey, hey," and the heart-shaped pattern composed of flame rose accompanied with the appearance of this sound. It is like a real heart.Huoyunjing again points before, in the sound of everyone's exclamation, that huge "heart" actually went straight to the opposite girl magician flew.The girl, who was in shock and shock, had no time to respond. She watched as the big flame flew to her, and her face suddenly changed. But she thought it was too late to escape. Look at the heart of that flame rose, a blank space in the brain.But also at this time, all the roses were smashed and collapsed. The heart-shaped flames turned into a larger heart-shaped aperture and put the girl in it. There was no attack effect at all. It was just hers. Quietly dispersed around the body. The red glow shines the face of the young girl's magician.The girl stood there in a daze, totally unaware of what to do, and almost all the female magicians in the spectators were beaming in their eyes.Too dazzling, too romantic. The original magic can also become so beautiful."My demonstration is over, please." Lin Xin said politely to the opposite girl."Ah!" The 61st girl magician exclaimed, and at the end of a soft fall it fell. The cheek was also flushed with shame because of his own loss."I, I can't, I'll give up." After finishing this sentence, she only felt that her heart beat for a while, and she couldn't even go to see Lin Xin.Not to mention this girl was shocked, even if it was the referee of this game, a seven-stage mage is still equally stunned. Because he asked himself, although this subtle control can do it himself, it can never be done so fast and so calm as Lin Xin. This kind of control of magic can no longer be described by genius. It is simply the only talent!On the rostrum, an old magician who sat in the middle of the first row was heavily criticized. "It's grandiose and pompous."For his evaluation, the other magicians on both sides are all surprised that an old magician sitting on his left said: “Lin Lao, this can not be described in flashy. Such a magnificent scene hides what creativity and Manipulation. The child's perception of magic is simply amazing, and will eventually become the leader of my magic temple."Lin Lao roared loudly. "Old man Ge, you have a problem with his eyes. He is a shit leader. It's just a clown."Ge Lao's complexion sank. "Oh, Lao Lin, can't say that. We're all old. Can't you just make it better? Although you're the leader of the devil, if you want to suppress such young talent, I'm also Never agree."Lin Lao suddenly stood up, "OK, this game I do not watch, gas angry. I will suppress that little son? He has a few jin or two I can not know?"Ge Lang angry, "How do you desecrate people? Do you still point to the style of the Holy Magister?"Lin Lao grunted, "I have your grandson, are you in control?" After he finished this sentence, he walked slyly. Before he left, he glanced wickedly. Smile Lin Xin beckoned to all contestants.Lin Xin only felt a cold back and dared not continue to show off and quickly returned to the rest area.Lin Lao went away, Ge Lao also revealed a dazed color, "Originally this kid is the second grandson of Lao Lin, the legendary freak, no wonder this old guy's nose is not a nose, his face is not a face."The Assassin's Temple Trial Room is the most bizarre in the sacred trial grounds. It is not as bright as the other five trial courts, but it is rather dark and even gloomy.Today's Assassin's Test of the Temple Trial began somewhat later than the other temples because there were some arrangements.In the spacious test field, a tall stone pillar stands, and the pillars are placed in an irregular manner. At this point just finished the layout.The deep, low-pitched voice is like floating from the rostrum. "A total of 48 players will be participating this competition. After the first two days, there will be 12 players left. Today will be the top 10. You will enter at the same time." The venues are contested, and you can use any means to eliminate those who lose their combat abilities. The first four people to be eliminated will play by drawing lots to decide which two will eventually be eliminated. Now, I count down ten times. After the game started."A series of voices “Oh, I, I, I, I...” sounded. One of the participants in the rest area had already gone out like an arrow.The assassins of these Assassins' Temples are more mysterious than those of other temples. Each person's face is covered with a veil that can be used for this purpose. Some people even use the entire head to wrap their eyes and reveal only their eyes. The movements were swift and dexterous. The number of cold voices was less than three. Those people who had just been out of the room disappeared out of thin air and disappeared.The quieter the environment is, the easier it is for the sudden sound to appear. This is the case.Not all entrants are taking action at the first time, and there is one exception.Purple long hair quietly scattered behind him, the godless eyes gave people a feeling of silence, green bamboo sticks on the ground, light, its owner is so slow, step by step toward the center of the trial venue.