Chapter Twenty-Five Retribution of the Knights of the Dragons (1)Who is this person? Almost all the assassins who have hidden in the dark have the same questions. Is she a contestant? However, how can an assassin be blind?At this moment, all the assassins suddenly remembered that in the previous two days of the competition, the total number of contestants there was only 47, not the 48 people that Sensen said.The first two rounds are empty, is it..., fifth-order?However, even if there are five levels of repairs, then how? A blind woman assassin, she can also use the assassin's ability to play a bit?“Hey, hey, hee hee...” Picking silently toward the trial room, her movements were unpleasant and even slower than normal people. It looks like a walking dead, and no cold ice has once again appeared in her breath.The sound from the rostrum was completely ignored in the action of Cherr, and the countdown continued. "Five, four, three, two, one, start."When that voice began to shout, Caier had just reached the center of the test field. Here, it was almost the center of the pillars, and it was not a small open area. Her entire person was completely exposed in front of all the assassins in the dark.Silence, there was a brief silence in the entire trial room, and no one assassin took the lead. Twelve people, the first four to be eliminated, will enter the playoffs. That is, eight people who have not been eliminated in this round will directly enter the top ten. Under such circumstances, no one will rush to move.However, if others do not move, it does not mean that they will not move. She stood there quietly, but after only three seconds of pause, the "click" sounded by the green bamboo sticks was once again ringing, slowly moving in one direction, and there was a pillar just behind the pillar. An assassin.The appearance of adopting children is simply not defending. The whole body is up and down, and everywhere is not a flaw. The pace is so slow that she relies entirely on the bamboo sticks to explore the road.Hey, finally, the green bamboo stick in her hand touched the pillar and picked a child's foot. At this time, the jailer hidden behind the pillar moved.The assassin was saved from the middle of the column. The tightly packed body did not allow him to make any noise during the save. He immediately passed over the top of the child's head, and at the same time, he dipped in a dark, dark, dagger. Shoulders.The game can not kill, otherwise, his attack will be the child's neck.The other assassins hidden in the darkness did not move. They were all observing quietly. Someone else's shot against this kin of Claire was clearly what everyone wanted to see.All the assassins clearly saw that the dagger of the black assassin had pierced the shoulder of Cai'er. However, at the same time, the pupils of all people have all drastically contracted.Because they saw two children.The prodded child stopped motionless there, and the dark dagger failed to bring any light. The other child was found two meters away.The child's soft hand that was held by the dragon's morning, I was in the upper quarter of the position of the bamboo stick, and the section of the palm was only half a foot long. It looked like an unpleasant soft front point.The assassin has discovered something bad when he hits the air, but he cannot violate the laws of nature. His body still has to decline.The back of the neck was numb. The next moment, he had lost consciousness.The other assassins had only a single shot. Both of them had become one again, and it was in front of the pillar, that is, the position that had just been stabbed.The green bamboo swab swept the bottom, and it seemed that the gentle pumping was on the waist of the black assassin who was slowly falling down. Suddenly, the body of the black assassin flew out like a rag and fell directly to the field. side."On the 18th, we eliminated." Sen Mori sang coldly.All the assassins’ heartbeats are accelerating, and their hands holding the daggers have also leaked cold sweats almost at the same time.Shadow is an assassin fifth-order cheat, and is said to be the most meritorious of all five-step cheats. This seemingly incomprehensible girl almost used the shadow perfectly, even giving the illusion that when she changed to two, nobody knew exactly which was true.Fifth-order, really fifth-order, and so powerful fifth-order.“笃, 笃, 笃.” The sound of bamboo sticks once again rang.Picking a child changed direction and slowly walked forward. Looking at the bamboo stick in her hands, every assassin appears to have seen a reminder. The sound made by the bamboo sticks and the place seems to control their heartbeat. No one dared to underestimate this slim figure, and even some thin blind women.A series of stature leaps and sounds are heard, and the assassins are moving fast. No one wants to be the next target for Caier.However, the venue is as big as it is, and there are so many pillars. The change in stature will naturally lead to conflicts.The squeaks and squeaks produced by a series of dagger collisions quickly appeared. The original silence was completely destroyed by the adoption of children.When she heard the dagger's collision, Xerter stopped and she stood there silently, completely exposed to the sight of all the assassins. However, there is no one assassin dares to approach her. Everyone can see that although she can't see it, her other perceptive abilities must be terrifying."Before the end, I can wait for him. I do not know whether his game is going well today." The coldness of Cherrie's body quietly disappeared."No. 97 and No. 4. Entry test."In the sixth game of the Knights Templar, Long Haochen was finally called to the number. But at this moment, whether it is Li Xin or Nightlife, his face has become very ugly.Four fifth-order knights have already had an appearance, describing the course of the game. In the face of the other player of the fifth-order Cavaliers, there was no chance at all, just a charge and he was forced to surrender.On the 4th, this is the second-ranked fifth-ranker who will be playing today. His opponent is Long Haochen who is the 97th.In the third round, there were a total of 38 players remaining, including four fifth-order players. In other words, only four of the 19 games will face the fifth-order strong. And Long Haochen is undoubtedly one of those four unlucky eggs.Standing up, Long Haochen's face showed a smile full of sunshine, and said to the nightlife around him: "Teacher, you taught me that no matter how powerful opponent you face, you cannot lose confidence."At night, he nodded hard to Long Haochen. “Go ahead. You are my apprentice in Nightingale.” At this moment, there is a shiver of fanaticism in him.Long Haochen took a big step into the trial field, and the knights in the rest area were all quiet and focused on the upcoming game. Among them, also include the black youth who had just been provoked by Long Haochen yesterday and has not appeared in the court. He calmly and coldly watched Long Haochen, and seemed to say that only after passing this level, you would qualify as my opponent.Long Haochen's opponent is a tall knight, about nine meters tall, shoulder width, thick brown short hair slightly curled, the right hand holding a handle even wider than the normal epee The sword, left hand, is a square above and a thick shield with a pointed cone below, instead of the round shield used by the general knight.