Chapter Twenty-Five Retribution Knights Long Haochen (2)Surprisingly, the fourth knight did not wear any armor on his face, and his face was obviously proud. He looked at the dragon's morning opposite with a look of his eyes."I heard that you had been winning with your skills in the past two days? I advise you not to use this garbage skill in front of me, otherwise you will lose it very hard to see." Knight 4 said with a little contempt.Long Haochen said lightly: "There are no garbage skills, only garbage people."The fourth knight's eyes were slightly slurred and powerful, "Good."Because there are fifth-order knights playing, the referee has also changed to a seventh-order Templar Knight. The referee is just the appearance of a middle-aged man. He is a majestic figure, like a hill, coldly yelling. This is not the place for you to make a sneak peek. The game begins."There was no difference with the first two games. As the referee began to play, Long Haochen’s body instantly rose to golden light and remained in full swing.On the 4th, the knight saw a cold flash of light, clearly showing a sense of anger. He did not summon the mount like any other knight. The broad sword in his hand crashed on the shield and made a loud bang. Like gliding in general, the first time rushed towards Long Hao morning.Assault, fifth-order knight skills, with strong spiritual support, can burst faster than the charge, but also more stable.At the same time as the assault, a layer of rich golden light also emerged from the 4th Cavalier. The golden light is not like the dragon's body exudes gold, but completely restrained, like a thin layer of hyperthyroidism Covered in him, it is the effect of the liquefaction of the Spiritual Force. This change is also present in the weapons in his hands.The distance of 30 meters is almost instantaneous, and the golden sword that shines with strong golden light goes straight to Long Haochen. He used the action to tell Long Haochen that the momentum was useless to him and he even disdainfully summoned his mount.The Shield of Glory was accurately blocked on the way to the broadsword, and among the loud noises, Long Haochen stepped back one step back, but the body also sparked the light of revenge of light, and the lightsaber in his hand instantly pulled out.Although it was not a long time, but with the revenge of the light, his sword is also full of power but only at this time Long Haochen did not use any skills.A sneer of disdain appeared on the face of the 4th knight. His broad sword was indeed blocked by God's Guardian. However, at the time of Long Haochen’s wielding sword, he had already launched another skill to shield the charge. .In front of the heavy shield, it slammed against the epee under Long Hao's morning.A tyrannical explosive force exploded almost instantaneously, and Long Haochen looked like he was hit by an elephant. The entire person slammed into the air, and his feet, which were directly hit, flew off the ground.This is the difference between the fourth and fifth orders. Although Long Haochen is already a nine-level knight, he has no chance at all in the Lingli's competition in the face of the fifth-order knight with a liquid spirit.Assaulted, the 4th Cavalier was proud and full of arrogance, but he did indeed have his proud capital. His skills matched with the perfect rhythm. At the same time he crashed the dragon, he again launched an assault. His golden sword shone in his hands, The light sword smashed toward the dragon's morning.The light swords displayed by the liquefied psychic force are just like extensions of the blade. They simply do not show the energy transformed by the spiritual power. They directly bombarded the glorious front between the dragons and the rush of dragons. Shield.Unsteady stature, and even has not yet landed, Long Haochen can't use God to parry, only to use a holy light shield to assist defense.H--the shattering of the shattered light and the dragon's morning spurt a blood stream. The whole person squatted on the ground and even the glorious shields flew out.No. 4 Knight did not rush to chase, but a cold glance over the rest of the area, seems to say, see it, this is the strength of the fifth-order.Suddenly turned up, Long Haochen stood up from the ground, his chest continued to undulate, his mouth was bloody, obviously not hit by light. However, he did not dare to take advantage of his Shield of Glory and stared vigilantly at the Fourth Knight.Nothing in the mouth of the Knights of No. 4 showed a slight disdain. "I said just now that I would not use this junk skill to use it in front of me. In the face of absolute strength, everything is in vain.Due to his injury, Long Haochen’s face was obviously pale, but he did not hesitate to shake his head. However, the body is slightly flashed, quickly put his light sword on the ground to stabilize his body, while releasing a white healing light on himself.The fourth knight saw his eyes, "Can't see the coffin without tears? I'll fulfill you." This time, he didn't even use the assault, and he walked toward the dragon in a step-by-step manner. The thick golden light was once again on, and the broad sword went straight again. Resistance to the shoulders, each step landing, left a clear footprint in the land.Long Haochen grasped the handles of the lightsaber with both hands and supported the body. His eyes were fixed on the Knights of the 4th for a moment. His firmness and perseverance in his eyes did not produce a half change due to his injury.The majestic referee stared at the two men tightly. Once the Fourth Knights threatened the life of Long Haochen, he immediately shot.In the rest area, Li Xin has been tensely grabbing the arm of Nightingale. “The teacher, stop him. The bastard will kill the morning. The morning is already hurt.”Nightingale’s hands were already clenched into fists. “Believe him, he will win.”At this time, the 4th Cavalier had already reached the front of Long Haochen, 3 meters away. His broad sword in his hand had slowly risen. He deliberately put in slow motion. What he liked to see most was the opponent in front of his own powerful strength. That helpless eyes.Unfortunately, he didn't see such a change in Long Haochen's body. From the beginning to the end, Long Haoyan had only firm eyes in his eyes."It's over." The fourth knight is obviously very uncomfortable with Long Haochen's dedication. Due to the rules of the competition, he did not dare to kill him. However, with this sword shot down, he has absolute certainty that Long Haochen will definitely lose combat effectiveness.At this moment, in the clear pale golden eyes of Long Haochen, he suddenly burst out with sharp sharpness like a knife.This fierceness appeared when he confronted the black youth yesterday and it was the first time in the selection round.嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 嗡 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , It is disciplinary knight skills that rise to heaven.The broad sword that was shot down suddenly was lifted by the ascendant array, and the speed at which it fell suddenly slowed down. Immediately afterwards, another layer of masks burst out from Long Haochen and the Holy Light Mask.These two skills he has been brewing for a long time, from the moment of standing up is already preparing, facing a fifth-order knight with a mount, Long Haochen knows that his chance is very small. Therefore, he can only forbear and wait for the opportunity. Luck stood on his side, and the proud No. 4 did not summon his mount.When Long Haochen was in Haoyue City, he practiced with Skywalker on a daily basis. How could even a fifth-order Cavalier attack stop? He was indeed injured but it was because he did not do his best. It is an opportunity to imply that the enemy and the weak have come.