Chapter Twenty-Five Retribution Knights Long Haochen (3)With the current strength of Long Haochen, it is extremely difficult or even impossible to defeat a fifth-order knight with a mount. Even if his talent is higher, the opponent has practiced more than five years more than he. Therefore, he only uses it. Count, can bring their own opportunities.Strength is always the key to victory, but it is not the only one. A child can also kill adults. What's more, the gap between Long Haochen and No. 4 is still far from huge.Although the Holy Mask is already a guardian knight's fourth-order skill, it still can't stop the five-step liquid spirit. However, there is no doubt that the combination of the ascending sky array and the Holy Light Mask has given Long Haochen sufficient time.The lightsaber inserted on the ground suddenly rises and brings a strong golden light. At the same time, Long Haochen swings his left hand and another red glow sweeps out like a practise, with the gold of the lightsaber. The light formed a crossed cross.At this time, the No. 4 Cavaliers and Long Haochen are already within easy reach. He never expected that Long Haochen, who looked like he had no resistance, would start a counterattack and be so fierce.At this time, he had no time to use any skills, but he could barely shield his shield and keep it in front of him.A light-fire cross consisted of cross-hatched shields. The 4th Cavaliers did indeed deserve to be a 5th-ranked player. Under such an unfavorable situation, he was only repulsed by Long Zhen Chen Zhen. This is the advantage of liquid spiritual power.However, this is only the beginning. A cross crooked, so that the fourth squadron's epee with the stature back to lose the attack effect, Long Suichen's hands in the hands of the two swords did not stop after half a pause, and immediately it is a look back. However, on this occasion, there was a fierce burst of light above his sword.A group of eye-catching gold with another eye-catching red gold, was actually issued a double sword at the same time, this disciplinary Knight the fourth-order strongest attack skills.Just blocking the strike, the 4th Cavalier was still in surprise and anger, Long Sui-chen's double sword came back with a sharp light.This time, the Knights of the 4th could not be so easy to resist. Under the bombardment of the tyrannical martyrs, his golden shields were scattered by the golden light and sank obliquely downwards, revealing nearly half of the body, and also falling back and forth. Almost falling.Long Haochen was unnerving, left-handed fire sword pointed forward, brought up more than a dozen road gold-red light, lightning stabbed, pointing directly to the fourth knight chest, the right hand light sword did not keep up with the attack, but held high above his head. Above the lightsaber, the brilliance of the incandescent color was put on a large scale, but unlike the 曜 day 斩 , 光芒 , , , , 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 。 It seems that the lightsaber itself is as transparent as it can be. The strong sacred atmosphere rises from the lightsaber.Long Xuan heard a deep spell in the mouth of his mouth. His changes in the lightsaber looked a bit like a white blade. However, compared to the white blade, the lightsaber at this time was both spiritual and spiritual. The degree of pure purity, the concentration of divine scent, or the sense of oppression it produces, must be too great.On the rostrum, the paladin who was sitting at the center was surprised and said: "Good boy, there are still such cards. It turned out that he was not a guardian knight at all. It's no wonder that he had only used the momentum and the deterrent. It was a disciplinary knight. Good guys, this is a high-level technique for disciplinary purposes, and even the fifth-order holy sword has been learned."The fourth knight was full of depressing hearts at this time. The sudden rise of Long Haochen was beyond his expectation. What's more crucial was that the attack after Long Haochen's outbreak did not give him a chance to breathe.Ascend Tianzheng, the Holy Mask, the double-tempered Sundial, and the Lightning Bolt, this set of combination attacks has not even allowed him to mobilize all his inner spiritual power, let alone to use skills and summon mounts. The momentary maggots made him completely passive. He must completely resist the attack of Long Haochen and wait for a buffering chance before he can launch a counterattack.The broadsword returned to the front, as far as possible to protect their own positive, a series of buzzing sounded in the test field, Long Haochen's lightning thorn speed is very fast, coupled with the previous opportunity of the previous day, the fourth knight After all, he could not completely defend himself. A golden red light brushed past his left arm, leaving behind a trace of charred black.The true strong will never allow oneself to feel proud in battle. The Knights of the 4th apparently violated this point. Although he was not covered by the sword, he was only scratched by the sword. But the burning pain made his left arm suddenly less flexible.However, until this moment, the 4th Cavaliers never thought that they would lose. Long Haochen is still a disciplined knight. He has also used so many skills and he has to pause. As long as he is given a chance to fight back, he still has confidence that he will overcome Long Haochen with his absolute advantage.At this time, at the same time, after completing the lightning stabbing fire sword, a dazzling golden red light burst suddenly and was still the day, but this time it was not a jealous but a thorn.Without the speed of Lightning Bolt, there was the power of the Sunburst. The Fourth Cavalier had to set up shields again. In the roar, he was repulsed five times again. Both the shield and the golden light on the broad sword had faded.Deeply taking a deep breath, in the process of retreat, the Knights of the 4th has been filled with anger in the eyes, the liquid spiritual power completely mobilized, although he is stagnant, but also a turning point for him. Only a slight mobilization of the spiritual powers, a golden mask was released. He developed a strong defense while treating his left arm.Assault, Long Hao Chen walks with the sword in the morning, and in an instant, the trial room can only see a white light shot out, but lost his figure.The sword is a sword, not a sword.The crystal-clear, pure white light sword, with its twisted air, arrives instantly.The holy veil under the fifth-order guardian knight can't resist the light sword's thorns. In the harsh sound of friction, the light sword stabbed into the holy mask.The Holy Sword punishes the Cavaliers for their powerful fifth-order attacking skills. While possessing a strong horizontal attack power, this ability has a special bonus effect on all dark attribute creatures. Can produce double attack power.On the 4th, the Cavaliers replied, and they quickly raised their shields to win. Long Yaochen's attack was too fast. After he used the holy mask, he only had time to put a shield on his shield to assist the defense.It was at this time that on the lightsaber, a white sword emerged out of the sword, and the cricket bombarded on the shield of the fourth knight. Then the body of the lightsaber was stabbed.In the shocking eyes of the spectators, the shield of the fourth knight's hand was instantly torn apart, but he finally opened his lightsaber. However, the huge impact made him unable to stabilize his stature and fell to the ground.The red glow came quietly and fell silently on his shoulder. The scorching temperature thrilled the knight's neck with a burst of softness.With the light sword on the ground, the fire sword was placed on the neck of the No. 4 neck. The dragon's head was suffocating with a big mouth and mouth, and the blood-silt rushed down the corner of the mouth. But the firmness in his eyes remained unchanged.In the case of injuries, using his skills at such a density, one can imagine his physical load. But it was precisely this series of attacks that were like storms that brought him victory.