Chapter Twenty-Five Retribution of Knights and Dragons (4)The fifth-order comparison with the fourth-order peaks is indeed the evolution of qualitative change! Even if Long Haochen used such a large number of powerful skills, he himself had the ability to display his skills far beyond the level of the same class knight as well as the strong sense and tyrannical disciplinary knight skills. Before defeating the 4th Cavalier, he still couldn't hurt his opponent."I lost. Did I lose?" Knight IV sat on the ground, dead faced. As a fifth-order knight, even the top ten did not make progress in the selection of the hunting mob, and could not really become a member of the hunting demons. His age has reached the limit and it is impossible to participate in the next trial. This loss made him instantly favored in this day was excluded from the possibility of entering the core of the Knights Templar.When he heard that when I lost three words, Long Haochen had already stole his two swords and quietly walked to the side to pick up the shield of the light. Although he won this battle, it was never easy to win. No. 4 Knight gave him great pressure.“No—I disagree and disobey.” The 4th knight leaped up from the ground and looked at Lung’s eyes with red eyes. “I haven’t summoned a mount or armor. I have a genie level.” How can you be my opponent? How is it possible? The referee, I do not accept, I will play with him again."The referee looked at him coldly, but he was already standing between him and Long Haochen, a touch of light: "You lost."The fourth knight excitedly said: "I didn't lose. How could I lose to a fourth-order kid."The old voice came from the direction of the rostrum. There was a bit of anger in the voice. "I ask you, what are the ten rules of the Cavaliers?"Knights of the 4th gave a glimpse of what each of the knights had learned since childhood. It was almost subconscious: "Humility, Honesty, Mercy, Heroism, Justice, Sacrifice, Honor, Persistence, Love, Justice."The old voice murmured, "What about your humility and honesty? Not so much that you lost to the 97th. It's better to say that you lost to yourself. You don't wear armors and don't call mounts. It's your own choice. Even You can't follow the two most basic codes, and your mind is no longer suitable for becoming a knight. Come on, blast him out, and remove the temple."On the 4th, the Cavaliers trembled and the face was pale. What does the de-listing of the temple mean? It means that he is no longer a member of the Knights Templar. At the same time, he also knows who this speaker is. Even the three greatest powers of the Knights Templar were to have three points in the face of this old man.With a sound, the 4th Cavalier fell to the ground and trembled in the direction of the rostrum: "The Paladin grew up, and I was wrong. I know it wrong. Please give me another chance. I will never dare to. It's up."The sound of the Paladin's long voice came slowly. "You can break through the fifth order before you are twenty-five years old, and you can see that the talent is excellent. But you should also know that the first thing in our knights' temple is not repair but heart. As six At the head of the Grand Shrine, the core of any hunting demon corps, if you cannot follow the rules of the Cavaliers, can only make the Knights glory shame. Tell me, what is glory?"All the knights stood up and shouted in unison, "Glory is life."The Paladin's faint lightness: "On the fourth you hear it. Glory is life, can you still have the glory of the Knights Templar?"The knight's body trembled violently, but crouching there, he couldn't say a word. He could hear that the paladin had moved a real fire."The paladin grew up." At this moment, a clear voice began to sound. The audience’s attention can not but be transferred.It was Long Haochen who opened up. With his fist in his right hand, he placed it on his left chest. He respectfully performed a knight ceremony in the direction of the podium."You said." The paladin's voice was obviously gentle, and did not hide his love for Long Haochen.Long Haochen looked at the fourth knight who was kneeling beside him. Respectfully said, "The knight grew up. When I was very young, my mother told me that he was not perfect and the 4th was just lost. In a moment of time the heart is out of balance, and arrogance is indeed wrong, but only because this matter has become a turning point in his life, and I think it is unfair to him. Personality is related to the environment for growth, and it cannot completely blame him. Please give him another chance. With this lesson, I believe he will correct."After listening to Long Yuchen’s remarks, the Fourth Cavalier looked up at him in horror and looked at his gaze with even a bit of strange emotion.The direction of the podium suddenly became silent. Everyone is also watching the movement of the rostrum. After all, genius knights like the number four who broke through the fifth rank before the age of twenty-five were rare in the Knights Templar.Half a child, the direction of the rostrum came only a long sigh of the paladin. "Okay. Since you plead for him, I will give him a chance. On the fourth, you listen, if you still want to stay in the Cavaliers. Dian, then, from now on, you are the Cavalier from the 97th Cavalier. When you start the next Hunting Moment Selection Tournament, if you have been able to perform your duties from the knights, I will allow you to return to the Knights Templar. ."On the 4th, she first froze and turned to overjoyed hope. “I would like to thank the paladin who has grown up to give me a chance.” After finishing this sentence, he got up and turned to Long Haochen. After a flash of struggle in his eyes, he gave a bang. In front of Long Haochen, “Master, Han Yu listened to you. You don’t know your name yet.”Long Haochen had some cry and laughter: "This, this...""He called Long Haochen." A cold voice came from the direction of the rest area. Long Haochen looked back and said that it was Nightingale's teacher.Han Yu respectfully remarked: "With the bright God above, Han Yu is willing to serve as the main dragon in the next five years. The glory of the master is my glory. If you violate this oath, God will punish it."The dragon's morning in the battle is always so calm, but after all, he is still a 14-year-old boy. In the face of this kind of situation, he suddenly panicked and quickly said: "You're getting up." As he spoke, Han Yu picked up. .Han Yu respectfully said: "Master, there are still some things in my family that need to be dealt with. I will go back and handle it now. I will come here tomorrow to find my master and I will swear to follow in the next five years."After the attack he had just made, the arrogance on his face was gone. Although the eye was still unbearably distracted, he remembered the terrible consequences of being expelled from the temple. After all, he resisted the discomfort of his heart. After the morning ceremony, he turned away. Although he is proud, he has great ambitions in his mind. Once he escapes from the Knights Templar, how can he realize his dream?Although Long Haochen is now somewhat puzzled, it is always justified for him to promise him at night. After applying a holy mask to himself, this came back to rest."My brother, you are awesome." Li Xin immediately rushed to give him a big hug. While the other participants in the Knights Templar looked at Long Haochen's morning, his face showed a bit of fear.In this one-on-one match, the disciplinary knight obviously has an advantage over the guardian knight, even though Han Yu was previously arrogant because of his own arrogance. However, do not forget that Long Haochen’s last series of offensives did not give him a half chance, which is why ordinary disciplinary knights can do it? The explosive power of that moment, especially the combination of the last two hearts and the addition of the Holy Sword, is the reason for the real victory. Even the fifth-order knight could not stop the attack!