Chapter 26 In fact, I am ugly (1)Nightingale looked at Long Haochen and snorted, "Sweetboy, this is your card."Long Haochen lowered his head. "Teacher, I..."Nightingale waved and said: "It goes without saying. In fact, when Naren Fat taught me to teach you, I already knew that you have another heritage. Otherwise, you can have such a repair if you are young. Your heritage is from your father?"Evening beat him on the shoulder. "I don't think too much about it. I didn't blame you. But your luck wasn't very good. You met a fifth-order opponent in this round. Although it won, the hole was revealed. It's up."Long Haochen looked at the worries of Yanhua at the bottom of his eyes, and his heart suddenly felt hot. He came close to him and said something with a very low voice.Nightingale’s eyes widened and looked at him strangely.Long Haochen nodded to him.Night's icy face revealed a trace of a ugly smile even more than crying, compared to his thumb."Teacher, what's wrong with being a knight?" Long Haochen asked with a question.Nightingale said: "This time you are cheating on a bargain. You are like a magician and you are a warrior. But the difference is that you can be said to be your servant, not your partner. He vowed, then, When you are in danger, he will always die in front of you.Equivalent to a living shield.In the rules of the hunting demon group, it is not allowed to exist from the original, but the exception is from the knight.If the knight itself is If you punish the knight, then you will be allowed to have a slayer from the knight. Because for the slayer, the role of the knight is too important.""Just because there are hardly any knights who are willing to do someone else's obedience. So, this time you are considered to be a treasure. You are still a fifth-order knight, and you have the ability to survive in the future. Great benefits. Moreover, it is possible to cultivate to fifth-order before the age of twenty-five. I am afraid that his origin is not simple."Long Haochen scratched his head and said: "However, he was higher than I did, not necessarily convinced."The night smiles mysteriously. “You too are too small to look at the vows from the knight. No matter how proud he is, under oath, you are his heaven and his master. Even if he is not convinced in his heart, everything can only be For your sake, to serve you, but it is good for him to be your squad from the knight.At least he can follow you into the slayer.Otherwise, he can only be eliminated, no longer enter life hunting The possibility of a demon group. As far as five years later, I am afraid that he only hoped for your accomplishments.""Teacher, then I'll go back first, fully heal the wounds, or prepare for tomorrow's game." Long Haochen can't forget the appointment with Caier. At this point, the game is over. His mind suddenly feels like an arrow.Nightingale nodded and said: "Come on, but you don't have to worry about it too much. You don't have to participate in tomorrow's game.""Huh?" Long Haochen looked at him in surprise.Next to Li Xin, he laughed and said: "Silly brother, have you forgotten that round of places? Unless today someone can defeat the fifth-order knight, otherwise, this round of empty places can also run out of your palm?"Long Haochen was shocked, yes! To beat Han Yu's performance by himself, he should be able to get this round of places.If only the game, perhaps he is not very interested in this round of places, because he also hopes to continue to enhance their actual combat experience and stimulate potential.However, in recent days, the situation has been different. He has already touched the threshold of liquefying spiritual power, and he has figured out a way of cultivation based on predominant skills. Under such circumstances, he needs more to retreat.Out of the knight's trial room, Long Haochen could not wait to run in the direction he had agreed with him. Far away, he had already seen that she was standing there quietly, like standing on the street. A statue is generally. There was no change in her dress. The bamboo sticks in her hands were standing on the ground in front of her and stood silently there.The sun shone on her, it seemed to make her a little more warm, but also made her a little more shiny purple hair."Chaier." Long Hao Chen shouted, ran quickly.Hearing his voice, Zier slightly deflected his body. However, when Long Haochen approached her, it was obvious that a strong chill was radiating from her."What's the matter with you, Caier?" Long Haochen jumped and stopped.In the son's voice, there was a lot of cold in the morning that Long Haochen had never heard of. "You're hurt? Who hurt you?" As she spoke, she lifted her hand and naturally grabbed the dragon. Morning hand.Long Haochen looked curious: "How did you know I was hurt?"Taken children: "Listen. Although I can not see, but hearing is better than ordinary people, you lack of energy, clearly injured." At this time, her chill slightly scattered a bit , also released the hold of Long Hao Chen's hand.Long Hao Chen Hehe smiled and said: "Nothing. I was participating in the league's hunting demons trial. The opponents I met today are very strong. Therefore, I was slightly injured. It doesn't matter. However, I won. Yes, I I haven't told you yet, but I'm a Cavalier. I'm doing well today, and tomorrow's game should be empty, so I'll be in the top 10 in the preliminary game.""Yeah." Geeer gently nodded to him, and the chill on his body was completely dispersed."Let's go, I'll send you back." This time replaced by Long Haochen took her hand and pulled her slowly to the children's residence.The two walked slowly and entered the kind of peaceful atmosphere. Long Hao was slow to walk. It was like a child who just learned to walk. The sun shone on them, and the kind of warm feeling gestated. In the heart, their heartbeats are no longer calm.However, no matter how slow it is, there will still be an end.At the moment of stopping, Long Haochen's inner heart suddenly became a sad man, holding the soft little hand that had been warmed by him. He was really reluctant to let go."Go back and rest early. I'll wait for you tomorrow," she said softly."Okay. I must have come early. I'll have a round tomorrow and I'll be able to wait for you first." Long Haochen quickly agreed that what he was most afraid of hearing was that she had no need to send her again.Reluctantly release his hand, "You go in. Wait for you to go in and let me go."But Caier shook his head and said: "I want to hear the footsteps you left, okay?"I don't know why. When Long Haochen looked at her godless eyes, she couldn’t say anything against her. "Well, then be careful when you go back.""The game shouldn't be so hard later." Caier suddenly said.Long Hao Chen Hehe smiled: "Not desperate. It is hard work. I don't try hard to become stronger. How can I protect you?" After he finished this sentence, he obviously felt that his heart rate was accelerating and he did not dare to stay. Children, walk away.Silently listening to the sound of his footsteps, Caier’s face was slightly cold. “He was injured. Fortunately, he was not injured.”