Chapter 26 In fact, I am ugly (2)The third day of the preliminaries of the hunting genie trials gradually passed, because the number of matches decreased, and the games of the six major temples were all over in the afternoon.Li Xin's luck is obviously not as bad as Long Haochen. In the face of one strength is not weak, but the mount is not as good as her opponent, once again played the strength of the rose and the advantage of their own discipline Knight, successfully crossed the third round. This is no night could not think of.As they had guessed, the other three fifth-order knights all advanced, and Long Haochen no doubt became the next round candidate.Knights Temporary Office of the Knights Templar.An old man sat at his desk and quietly looked at the pile of information in his hand. The old man has a silver hair. Although he is sitting there, he can also see his tall figure. The shoulders were wide and his age did not affect the majesty of his body.This old man is the highest decision maker of the Knights Templar headquarters in the holy city of the Temple Alliance. In the entire knight's sanctuary, the status is only second to the three knights of the knight. That is, the man who took the central position at the podium of the knight's trial room."Hey, hey, hey." The knock on the door rang."Come in." The paladin slowly raised his head, a faint road.The door opened, and from the outside, there was a strong brown Hanyu with short brown hair. Only at this time, his face has long been no pride, only the combination of emotions of jealousy, pain, and depression.Seeing him, the paladin's long face suddenly sank, and he threw the pile of the first nineteen competitors into the table.砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 砰 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,The paladin only looked at him coldly and said nothing.Han Yu saw his sweat on his forehead and his head bowed without a word."Your Majesty." The paladin's long and fierce batsman's table must be made of all pieces of hair. The powerful pressure momentarily causes the air in the room to be slightly distorted.When Han Yu's knees are soft, he has collapsed to the ground and his face is pale.In front of the horrors of the paladin, he was like a straw that could break at any moment.The Paladin slowly stood up and walked out from behind the table. Raise his finger on Han Yu. "Well, you're really good. You're not always proud of it? You don't always feel that you're the first person in the young generation? Under this, are you satisfied? Didn't pass the preliminary round, Nothing is defeated by a fourth-order opponent. You are heroic!"Han Yu lowered his head and cried and said: "Grandpa, I was wrong. I blame you and shame you.""Don't call my grandfather, I don't have the grandson of you to make such a success." When the Paladin grows up, Han Yu will make a comeback. "You still don't know where you were wrong. You think you lost today." In the game, I was angry because you humiliated me? You were wrong. I told you that I was shame because I had surrendered a grandson who was not worthy of the knight. This shame was my own self. of."The paladin grew up angry and rushed. "You thought I was trying to drive you out of the knight's temple because of anger? No! I just wanted to drive you out because you really didn't qualify as a knight." The first rule of the Ten Commandments of the Cavaliers is humility. Where is your humility? There is only pride in your heart. Do you think that the twenty-two-year-old will be able to break through the fifth-order, you are already amazing? Did you know that? Defeat you today. Children are only 14 years old. At 14 years old, you are more than you are. You are not even a slag."At the age of fourteen, Han Yu slumped. "No, it's impossible."Han Yan looked at her grandson coldly. “Impossible? Can the bone age measure be wrong? It was the message that I personally ordered to block his age. Is your wish not to become a Knight of the Seal of God? One day, if you have such a practice, you will only be a fallen knight. Pride, self-confidence, and loss of confidence in losing the game. You are not lost my face, you are the face of the Knights Temple is lost If it weren’t for my old brothers who pulled me, I really wanted to shoot you to death.”Han Yu's body began to tremble slightly, from small to large, although he also made great efforts in the cultivation, but as a pride of heaven, he never encountered any setbacks. Today's defeat is too great for him. Long Haochen's set of combos shattered all pride in his heart. He suddenly felt that he was not as strong as he had thought.Han Yu coldly said: "You only have two choices now. First, let me abolish your spiritual power and drive out of the Knights Templar. After all, you are my grandson. I will give you a sum of money to make you pass. Wealthy ordinary people live. If you choose this one, I can personally come forward and ask Long Haochen to lift your oath. As for the second road, you know."Han Yu slowly trembled and looked up. "Grandpa, he, he really only fourteen?"The anger on Han Hong's face seemed to have calmed down a bit and he nodded hard. “From this three-day game, Long Haochen’s child is of perseverance, kindness, perseverance, and bravery. From him, I seem to see the glory of the knight. After you follow him, you need to learn that he is a knight. Don't think that doing it is very shameful from the knight.As long as he does not die, the future must be shocked to the entire alliance, and even shocked the generation of power of the Mozu. Follow him, under his spurs, will only benefit your ascension. Otherwise, After five years, he will not have his back in sight."Han Yu revived and made three headed gongs toward the Han dynasty, the gong and the gong. "Grandpa, five years later, I will definitely let you take a look."After finishing this sentence, he stood up and once again made a knight ceremony to Han Biao and turned away.Looking at the back of his departure, Han Ye's anger on his face suddenly disappeared, but instead he replaced it with a smile."Long Haochen, I really should thank you. Han Yu This boy problem actually I have long found, but I have not found a good time to give him a heavy blow. Although the child is easy to be proud of the feather child, but it is not The temperament of defeating one's defeat will only frustrate and become more courageous. Together with Long Haochen, it will only be good for his future. Maybe, they can really accomplish God's Seal together. It just doesn't know whether the inheritance of Long Haochen comes from Whoever punishes the knight's skill, even the fifth-order holy sword can be learned in more stages. He surnamed Long, could you say that he was..."When thinking of this, Han Shuo's face suddenly showed a hint of surprise.He told Han Yu to follow Long Haochen with deep meanings. First of all, Han Yu lost the game and has lost the qualification to enter the hunting demon corps, which is arguably the most severe blow to his future growth. However, after becoming a knight from Longquanchen, although his reputation is not good, he can finally participate in the hunting demons. Secondly, Han Yu is very optimistic about Long Haochen. Han Yu's protection of him will greatly enhance the survival chance of Long Haochen when he performs the task of hunting and demon missions. At the same time, Han Yu and Long Haochen have been together for five years and it is not difficult to establish friendship. If Long Haochen accomplishes his miracle in the future, it will be of great benefit to his grandson. His wily debriefing may not have been completely guessed by Nightingale. Of course, if it weren’t because Han Yu’s arrogant problems were really serious, Han Hao would not be willing to let his grandchildren of this talent to be resigned to others.