Chapter 26 Actually, I am ugly (3)The third day of the preliminaries stage of the Hunting Magic Trials has entered its final stage. The assassin sanctuary, soul sanctuary, and priest sanctuary have already decided the top ten. Next, more important is the ranking dispute.Because the fourth day of the game was empty, Long Haochen did not go to the trial room at all. On the third day of the game, he came to the place where he met with Cheriel and waited silently.Only the last ten people remain in the rest area, but nine of them have their eyes on the same person.The child was quietly seated and her awe-inspiring eyes clearly exerted tremendous pressure on the other nine participants. Looking at her green and harmless bamboo stick in her hands, almost all the contestants were secretly praying not to meet her.Fifth-order assassin, secret technology shadow avatar. Among the contestants, the only fifth order of the Assassin Temple.As everyone watched her, the scavenge-minded picker slowly stood up from the front row, slightly curled up in the direction of the podium, and said in her unique cold voice: "Preliminaries remaining I abstained from the competition."Having said this, under the stunned gaze of the other nine entrants, she then used the bamboo sticks to get out of the assassin sanctuary in the voice of “笃, 笃, 笃”.Standing on the street waiting for Cheriel's Long Haochen, for the first time, she had time to calm down and admire the biggest city in the league.The buildings on both sides of the street are mostly high-rise buildings. Relief is the decoration of most buildings. The thick classical atmosphere highlights the ancient charm of the city.Yesterday's injuries have completely recovered. The injury was not too heavy. Together with Long Qichen's self-treatment with guardian knight skills, he has recovered. The face of the fifth-order knight's first battle also made him have a deeper understanding of his own abilities. After a day and night of cultivation, spiritual power has improved a lot. In particular, after practicing cultivation with his skills, he deepened his understanding of the liquid spirit. Long Haochen is confident that he will continue to practice this way. He must have the opportunity to impact the fifth-order threshold within ten days. Dad said that when I reach the Seventh Order Templars, I am qualified to find him and my mother.“笃, 笃, 笃 笃.” The unique and familiar voice pulled Long Haochen back from his thoughts."Chaier." Looking at the child who was not far away from him, a heartfelt sentiment surged into his heart. Long Hao made three steps and made two steps to get past her.Caier smiled and said: "Wait a long time?"Long Haochen shook his head. "No, I have just come for a while. Are you waiting for me so early every day?"Caier shook his head: "No, I don't have accurate time to come back every day. However, it should be earlier in the next few days."Holding her tender little hands, Long Haochen's heart was warm, and this kind of warmth was not the same as when he was with his parents. He did not know that Xei had given up so that he would not give up for too long.Hand-in-hand, with the most pure emotions, their figure gradually disappeared in the sunlight."Chai, how long can you stay in the Holy City?" Long Haochen finally broke up with courage when he was about to break up.The child was silent for a moment. "What are you asking about this?"Long Haochen immediately had a tight heart, and some embarrassed words: "I, I just want to know that there are still a few days to send you back."Caier fell into silence and the two stood face to face. Long Haochen's hands sweated disappointingly.Feeling the wetness of his palms, Caier whispered: "I'm just a blind woman, sending me back. Is it really that important?"Long Hao froze a bit, but honestly said: "I, I do not know."The adoptive children are also paralyzed, although the girl is earlier in the feelings than the boy opens, but her growth experience is even simpler than the Long Haochen!"Are you not willing to abandon me?" Caier said, bowing his head.Long Haochen's heart was filled with compassion, and he pulled his hand in front of him. “How would you betray you?” I don’t know why, at this time, he was full of awkward feelings, and only felt that he had a bad answer. You may never see the girl in front of you again."Acquired children, in fact, in fact, I look very ugly. I myself are so ugly, what qualifications are abandoning you." Long Haochen said with a little flustered.Pickle child, "ugly?""Uh, it's ugly." Long Haochen rushed to confirm.Cai Ge smiled. Although she could not see her face across the veil, Long Yuchen subconsciously felt that her smile was beautiful and beautiful."If so, if you will always lead me away, will you?" The voice of Cher was soft, but it was almost embarrassing. When she spoke this sentence, she revealed that the slender white neck was shame red."I am willing to." Long Haochen's emotions are now in a strange state, almost without hesitation.This time, it was the zealous adoption of Chern's son. He took his hand from Long Haochen's hands. "I, I'll go back first."Long Haochen said anxiously: "That, tomorrow, I will send you back.""Uh," gently nodded, and the frequency of the bamboo sticks was at least twice as fast as usual, and the children's escape was like going back to the hotel. In her heart constantly echoing his words, he actually said he was ugly? Is his beautiful face like a girl still ugly? The warmth that she had never felt lingered in her heart. How could she not understand that he was to comfort her?“Oh.” Long Haochen couldn't help but smiled. Although he was still young, he didn’t know anything about men and women, but his perception was much more acute than the average person. He could clearly feel that Xat’s attitude towards him. It seems that some changes have taken place and good changes have taken place.With a pleasant mood, Long Haochen returned to the hotel and did not wait for him to calm down and start practicing. The eager knock on the door was already sounded."Well, morning, morning." Li Xin was filled with exhilarating calls.Long Haochen was shocked and rushed to open the door.Li Xin's appearance looked a bit embarrassing. At least three of his body's armor were broken, his hair was loose, his mouth was still covered with blood, but her mood was obviously in a state of excitement. When I saw Long Haochen, she immediately hugged him and excitedly shouted: "I won, I won. In the morning, I also entered the top 10. We both can participate in hunting. Mission.""Ah?" Long Haochen reacted immediately and was overjoyed. "Sister, did you win? You are awesome. Congratulations."Li Xin said with triumph: "Yeah! I'm lucky. I still haven't met the fifth-order opponent today. Haha, my sister, I'm terrible. Although it is a victory, it will eventually win. Dad will be proud of me." of."Li Xin's own cultivation is not outstanding among the Cavaliers participating in this competition and can even be counted down. However, she practiced the discipline of the knight, plus the timely advancement and good luck of the rose unicorn. In fact, it was the first round of the preliminaries that had been passed along with Long Haochen.Li Xin said with a smile: "Unfortunately, we are all knights. My sister is not likely to have a hunting team with you, or it will be even more perfect."Long Hao Chen Hehe laughed: "What's the relationship, you will always be my sister."