Chapter 26 Actually, I am ugly (4)"It's really worth celebrating this evening. I'll ask you to have a good meal." The night's soft voice sounded, and he came in from the door. His mood was really good. Long Haochen entered the top ten. This is his goal, but he did not expect Li Xin to enter the top ten. This is a great glory for the Knights of the Temple of Haoyue City!There are also many people who are equally excited. In addition to the Temple of the Warriors, all the other five temples have decided on the top ten.Lin Xin Mei Zi's drinking red wine in the luxury hotel rooms he lives in, feeling the savory fruit and the soft sour sensation, a bit of a sense of desperation.His amazing magical control yesterday shocked all participating magicians. There were a total of 16 magicians entering the fourth round of today's game. Therefore, today's race and play-offs are played to determine the top 10.The first round played against the top six, and Lin Xin’s opponents did not hesitate to give up. After all, there are additional game opportunities into the top ten, who is willing to fight with him as a guy who controls the magic so powerful. Ever since, Lin Xin Bing has not entered the top six and has been qualified as a member of the preparatory hunting team.Also excited is a bald man. Although because of his appearance, the priest's temple had some confusion in this preliminary game and eagerly worked out new rules. After all, this game has already begun and cannot be changed. Therefore, a bald man emerged from his strong and violent performance, not only the top ten, because the number of participants in the Priest's Temple is small, he has entered the top three, and, from the current situation, the first priest is this ranking Nobody can compete with him.In the fifth day of the preliminary round, the atmosphere of the sacred confederation’s large test-field has become much more relaxed. The six sacred temples have already decided the top ten in all but the Temple of the Warriors. The next step is only qualifying. . The preliminary rankings of the major temples are more honorable for the contestants. Although the rankings are high, they will receive some awards, but they are more in terms of money. The top three can only get a magic level equipment only. This is a way for the Temple Alliance to encourage the slayers to complete their missions. If there are many prizes for the games, will they not be lax in the future when they complete the task?The rest area of ​​the Cavaliers' trial room seemed a little deserted, leaving only the last ten people in the contest, not even assuming the teachers who led them.The biggest harvest of this session of the Hunting Monsters was not the main city but the unknown city of Haoyue. A small Luan Lun Hall actually made two outstanding young knights to enter the top ten. This is a situation that has never happened in the past. It is also the grand honor of the Knights of the Luyue City. Therefore, even if it is night so cold personality, today's face looks better than before."Neither of you will care too much about the next qualifying match. After that, the finals will have more practical significance. It is more important to preserve your strength."Li Xin nodded once, listening to the words of the Nightingale. At this time, her cheeky Qiao face still showed a little giggle. It was her greatest achievement to be able to break into the top ten and become a member of the hunting team. This means that she may become a high-level knight's temple in the future, which means that she can touch the higher levels of the Cavaliers. She didn't even think about getting another ranking.Long Haochen was silent. After looking at the teacher and thinking for a long time, he said: "Teacher, if I can meet that person, I hope to have a chance to fight with him."Evening doubts: "Is it really necessary?"Long Haochen nodded without hesitation and said: "The fight between the teacher and the strong can better stimulate my potential. A fight with Han Yu that day gave me a lot of help."Nightingale squatted for a moment and said: "Well, since you have decided on your own, the teacher is not blocking, but you must do what you can. After the finals, you have the opportunity to face other professional powerhouses.""Yeah." Long Haochen replied soon. He did not tell Nightingale that his cultivation is gradually approaching the fifth-order. At this time, he is most in need of fighting to stimulate his potential, but also through continuous fighting to stimulate their own inspiration, thus breaking through the bottleneck.Long Xingyu was the strongest disciplinary knight in the world. Although he only taught Long Haochen a short time of more than two years, he almost taught his long-term cultivation experience to Long Haochen. Among them, the most important One point is to tell him that whenever he encounters a bottleneck, challenging an opponent stronger than himself is the best opportunity to break through.Long Haochen also kept his father’s words firmly in mind and was tested in actual combat. Whenever he is faced with a strong enemy, the speed of spiritual power cultivation will increase significantly, and the application and mastery of skills will evolve. Moreover, constantly challenging the strong can make his mind more determined.At this point, the lottery has begun, Long Haochen's eyes fell directly on the first row of three fifth-order knight body, slowly took a deep breath, eyes firm, like a rock, sitting quietly there, others are While praying not to touch a fifth-order opponent, he hopes he can collide with such a strong player."Number One, Number 97." In the air, the two huge numbers gradually became clear. At the moment when this figure appeared, Long Haochen's eyes were loud and loud, and he stood up. His mild eyes became fierce almost instantly.The single-digit number, no doubt, he will face, is a fifth-order strong.Those who can remain here are none other than the perseverance of mind, but at this time, the sights of several fourth-order knights looking at Long Haochen are somewhat weird.Two consecutive encounters with fifth-order opponents, his luck is really too...In the first row, a young man slowly stood up and slowly turned to see Long Haochen. The No. 1 contestant is the black youth who had been provoked by Long Haochen's eyes that day. It was also the one who was the most threatening to Long Haochen in all contestants.Both eyes collided in the air and their eyes became undifferentiated.After the No. 1 Cavalier made a request gesture to Long Haochen, he took the lead and strode into the trial venue. The fierce spiritual power surge rose and broke out as he stepped into the trial field.At this time, the Night Glory did not make any difference again. He will never let his emotions affect Long Haochen. From Long Haochen's body, he saw the battle for the first time. Even if it was before the face of Han Yu had never had a strong war.In the corner of the test field, Han Yu stood there quietly. He came early in the morning. No matter how unhappy he was, he could not change his path in the next five years. At this time, he hoped that Long Haochen could overcome all his opponents. At the same time, he also wanted to see what the genius of the 14-year-old genius cavalier said to Grandpa.Walking slowly into the trial field, although Long Haochen was not strong, but his footsteps were extremely heavy. Every step he took, his own momentum would rise by a few minutes. His eyesight was like a knife, and he stared at the venue. The central government is staring at his youth in black."You may have a mount?" the young man in black asked quietly.Long Haochen shook his head and did not hide anything. To tell the truth, "There is no time."The young man in black nodded and said: "Well, then I don't summon my mount and I'm fair to you."The same behavior, from the mouth of this black-clad youth, said that Long Haochen felt not proud but confident.