Chapter 27 War on Corrections (1)When he first met the black youth, Long Haochen felt his power. Even if there were three fifth-order knights, including Han Yu, there was no change in his mind. This is an intuitive sense of danger.When the black-clad youth told Long Yuchen that he did not summon his mount, the powerful self-confidence sent out from the inside out was not something that the proud could possess. The deep eyes firmly stared at Long Haochen. From his eyes, Long Haochen couldn't see any emotion.As opposed to each other, the dragon's vision of the dragon’s eyes burned. Although he was only 14 years old, he was not able to compare with the black youth who was obviously over 20 years old, but he did not fall in the momentum.The temperament that the two exhibited at this time had a world of difference. Long Haochen was like a sharp sharp sword and a sharp edge. His rising warfare made him feel like a volcanic eruption at any time.The young man in black is calm and in prison. He is profound like a bottomless abyss and devours the battle of Long Haochen.Somehow coincidentally, the referee is still the one who was responsible for ruling the battle between Long Haochen and Han Yu that day. He cried, "The game started.""My name is Yang Wenzhao. Perhaps, in the near future, you will become a very good opponent for me." The black youth face shows a smile, the body's temperament suddenly changed, just still deep and calm, at this time it is erratic There is a kind of unpredictable feeling in the morning."My name is Long Haochen. Now I'm also your opponent," Long Haochen said quietly. "The outcome is not known until you knock me down. You can also summon your mount completely. It's your power."Yang Wenzhao shook his head indifferently, "Start it." As he said, his hands were suddenly on both sides of the body. Two gold awns seemed to spurt out of his hands and turned into a two-handed, identical golden sword. There is no doubt that he also possesses magical instruments of storage.Retribution Knight! Long Haochen's pupils contracted slightly, and the eyes of the eyes flashed. It was also a point of both hands. The lightsaber and the fire swords started instantly.Yes, this was a duel between the disciplinary knights. At the time when the intense spiritual power suddenly blew, Long Haochen and Yang Wenzhao moved at the same time.Long Haochen launched an assault toward Yang Wenzhao like an arrow, and this was the first time he had taken the initiative to take part in the selection of the hunting mob.Confidence Aura, Guardian Bounty, and Aura of Assault, three guardian knights increase skills instantly. The Long Haochen, who played in the disciplinary priest's position, took the lead in using guardian knight skills.The reason why few people choose to double-protect guardianship and discipline is because the two add too much skill. The use of any skill requires spiritual support. The stronger the cultivation, the stronger the skill, the greater the spiritual power consumption. The simultaneous cultivation of both guardianship and discipline will inevitably lead to excessive spiritual energy consumption in the constant use of various skills. Moreover, if the two are combined, it is likely that neither side's skills can be cultivated.However, Long Haochen was an exception. His spiritual power in the first days was an unprecedented 97 points. This horrible prior-day spiritual power led him to consume much less when using his skills than the other knights. Not only that, he is also much easier than anyone else in comprehending all the skills of light attributes.In the past five years, Long Haochen had studied under Long Xingyu and Nightingale. Behind his outstanding talent, he also made tremendous efforts. Throughout the whole month, it was absolutely impossible to find a knight who was more diligent than Long Chen.Success requires 99% of the effort plus 1% of talent. The one-hundredth percentile of talent is the most important, but the lack of hard work is also impossible. However, Long Haochen had both.Lightsword and Fire Sword have become completely white, pure white blade.According to the rules of the game, before the start of the fighting, the two sides had a distance of 30 meters. In other words, Long Haochen used four skills in succession in launching the 30-meter charge. Although the consumption of these four skills for spiritual power is not very great, it also adds up to more than one hundred fifty. Of course, this is for the general knight. The key is the speed and convergence of his display skills, and the use of the skills of the Knights and Patriots to interact with each other is actually not half stagnant.Not only the other eight contestants looked at the game in the middle of the game, but even the big men in the knight's temple on the podium were staring at the venue for a moment.When Long Haochen was about a hundred feet from himself, Yang Wenzhao moved. His left foot took a big step forward. The entire man also moved forward with this step. The big sword of his left hand was still on his side, and the big sword of his right hand made a motion to pick it up diagonally.Just a shot, Yang Wenzhao showed his strong strength. He did not use any skills, but he had a two-foot-long golden sword on his blade, just as the sword suddenly increased in length. Because the action was on the top, so Jianmang first passed the ground and brought a long gully.pause! The dragon's body was suddenly in the process of assault. The whole person seemed to be hitting the wall. His right foot was heavily on the ground. It was like a loss of balance. He usually fell to the side, but his left hand's sword of fire was down. Struck on the ground, driving his body to complete a roll in the air. Just to avoid the Yang Wenzhao that moment. The lightsaber prevailed before the stab, and the spurt skills went straight to Yang Wenzhao's chest with an impetuous momentum.Yes, in the face of Ling Li’s victory over his opponent, Long Haochen did not choose to fight hard but chose skills."Yeah!" Yang Wenzhao shouted. He did not expect Long Haochen to use such a difficult skill to attack himself. The left-handed sword had the same glance, and at the same time, his left foot kicked on his right foot, and he even ended the slide ahead. The whole person stood still more suddenly than Long Yuchen."Yeah." Long Haochen's lightsaber collided with Yang Wenzhao's left-handed sword in the air. Yang Wenzhao was surprised to find that Long Haochen did not have much power on the sword. Slendered by his left-handed sword, Long Haochen just took advantage of the opportunity and the body spun up at a faster rate. Shuangjian also picked up and headed toward Yang Wenzhao.Yang Wenzhao did not move, nor did he attempt to do any dodging movements. His two-handed sword performed a small oscillating movement in the air.When a series of collision sounds exploded in the air, it was not known how many times Long Mengchen’s attack and Yang Wenzhao had collided in a short breath. Long Haochen's double swords are like a huge meat grinder, and even more crucial is that he has continued to take advantage of the collision and borrow Yang Wenzhao’s defenses to increase his speed of rotation. So that their attack frequency becomes faster.Gradually, only one layer of golden glow could be seen spreading from the rotating dragon's morning, and he couldn't even see his figure.Yang Wenzhao’s face also revealed a hint of surprise. The frequency of the vibrations on the double swords can only increase following the attack of Long Haochen. However, Long Yuchen’s attack has become increasingly fierce. Infinitely average. In this brief period of time, he did not know how many swords he resisted.