
Chapter 63: Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon (III)
Surprisingly, the five people could simultaneously see that these four ice spears were immediately broken into pieces upon colliding with its shell. As a result, countless ice crystals were scattered in the air, fluttering like little petals. Only a few white traces were left on its body.
What a solid defense! As expected of a big shot from one of the largest demon clans.
The Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon could not use any abilities, but with it being of the fifth step, how could it not be powerful?
Clang, Cling the Radiant Shield on Long Hao Chen’s hand violently emitted a golden light and [Divine Obstruction] forcefully blocked the blow of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon with a metallic sound. A rich gold color was simultaneously sent out from Long Hao Chen’s body, and at the same instant, Long Hao Chen’s pupils suddenly shrank.
The body of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon had an offensive power that he could not even imagine. Even though Long Hao Chen’s internal spiritual energy had already reached the 1600th level, making him an eighth ranked Grand Knight, this opponent was completely overwhelming. With his current level of cultivation, even a peak ranked Earth Knight could not break his [Divine Obstruction] without using skills, because even if the opponent was a ninth ranked Earth Knight, he would have a spiritual energy below 4000; if it was above 4000, he would be a Radiant Knight. [Divine Obstruction] could stop anything up to an offensive power with a spiritual level three times superior. If not for this fact, it would not be called the most mysterious knight skill.
Just like this, the heavy blow of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon was stopped with this magnificent display of Long Hao Chen’s [Divine Obstruction]. He stood as firm as before, only drawing two steps back, and at the same time, he discovered that in front of his Radiant Shield, this Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon only had used a single “heavy blade”.
In this instant, the difference between the fourth step and the fifth step could clearly be seen. Previously, when the invisible opponent from the Dyke Clan was stopped by Long Hao Chen’s [Divine Obstruction], its body showed a time of delay, but this Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon was not stopped the slightest bit, its other “heavy blade” instantly sweeping in. Facing this attack, Long Hao Chen was a bit dazed.
Due to his mistake in not anticipating this attack of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon, Chen Si instantly moved, but was too slow. After blocking the blow, Long Hao Chen’s body was still shaking a bit. He had no choice but to lift up the Light Sword in his hand, drawing support from the condensed light released by [Divine Obstruction] to form a [Bright Vengeance], to resist the power of the sharp blade near his neck.
Ping–
In the next instant, Long Hao Chen’s body was sent flying away like an artillery shell. He was sent flying 10 meters away, crashing onto the ground. With this tyrannical impact, he felt as if the webbing between the thumb and forefinger of his right hand was split open, his Light Sword sent flying out.
Long Hao Chen spat out a mouthful of blood; he was already wounded.
[Divine Obstruction] was not absolute; Long Hao Chen could not display the real might of [Divine Obstruction] at the level of a Radiant Knight. Because he had never encountered a demon as formidable as this Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon before, he did not imagine that this opponent’s attack power was so fearful. Nonetheless, the fact that Long Hao Chen received the blow was not without benefit at all.
The instant after Long Hao Chen was sent flying by this Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon, Chen Si’s heavy shield resolutely struck its body.
The Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon was pushed away a little bit by this shield bash. In contrast, Chen Si was pushed back 7, 8 steps away and had difficulty standing firm.
Li Xin and Chen Chen’s attacks arrived at this instant.
Chen Chen had lept into the sky; two dazzling flaming heavy swords, filled with a scorching hot spiritual energy, flashed and ferociously chopped at the body of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon. A [Jumping Chop] plus a [Blazing Chop] of a Warrior. This was a combo that did not fear any defense. As a Berserker, his power was erupting wildly.
With a Boom sound, the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon was hit and its body almost immediately fell down, the blazing pair of swords leaving two black marks on its body.
In this moment, the Rose Unicorn descended like a red cloud, a fiery light appearing around its body. She was concentrating her spiritual energy around her. [Multiple Images Attack], an innate talent of Rose Unicorns.
The Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon that almost lost its balance was forcibly sent flying by this attack. Its pair of powerful forelimbs were thrusted into the ground, restoring its balance and its whole body slightly curled up before it rose once again to aim at its target, Long Hao Chen.
Due to the pull of the Saint Spiritual Stove, even if the others had a superior offense power, the opponent had to get rid of Long Hao Chen first before shifting his attack. This was the effect of the spiritual stove. And at this moment, Long Hao Chen had just stood up from the ground.
A gentle white glint appeared around Long Hao Chen’s body. A warm influx of spiritual energy surged into his hand, rapidly healing his wounds. Under the effect of this warm energy that was pouring into him, even his injured internal organs felt better.
[Curing Light] was cast by one of Hao Yue’s heads, Little Light. Meanwhile, five [Fireballs] were launched in succession towards the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon. Although the rapid succession of [Fireballs] didn’t have enough power to kill or wound the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon, it could push its body that was still flying in the air.
Hao Yue was already back by Long Hao Chen’s side, standing on his vigorous limbs and raising his pair of heads as he stared at this Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon without the slightest of fear.
A charge.
Long Hao Chen did not simply stand at the same place for long, waiting for the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon. He instantly dashed to the side: he had to meet up with his comrades if he wanted to deal with this enemy. While dashing, he easily picked up his Light Sword on the way.
The Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s body was really durable. Even continuously attacking him did not seem to have an effect in the least. With its four limbs on the ground, its body instantly threw itself into the sky, pouncing toward Long Hao Chen.
“OUUU–” It was at this time that Hao Yue’s pair of heads simultaneously bellowed at this Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon.
It was truly strange. When attacked from all sides, this enemy was not stopped the slightest bit, but with a single roar from Little Light and Little Flame, the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon fazed, its cold face suddenly becoming somewhat bewildered.
Taking advantage of this lapse, Long Hao Chen reunited once more with his comrades and gave a glance to Chen Si before they stood once again, shoulder by shoulder.
After Lin Jia Lu launched her ice spears, she stood there, and at lightning speed started chanting another spell incantation. This incantation seemed extremely long, and she lifted her magical staff high into the sky, quickly generating mysterious blue symbols. The water element around her body was being transformed, becoming more and more pure.
Li Xin was riding the Rose Unicorn, with a sincere face. Both of her hands were hung at both sides, holding her swords as it assimilated the dense golden light that was gathered from the scarlet-colored blazing aura emitted by the Rose Unicorn at high speeds.
Hao Yue and the two pretty women agreed by chance on the fact that there was no need to conserve power. If they could not inflict a fatal injury to the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon, even if Long Hao Chen’s Saint Spiritual Stove and his [Divine Obstruction] were quite mysterious, they had no way of escaping from their fate of being exterminated. All of them had already taken out their trump cards, their best abilities.
Compared to the two of them, the two brothers Chen Si and Chen Chen were clearly lacking. They did not have a background such as Lin Jia Lu and Li Xin and were extremely nervous.
“Big Bro Chen, let’s do the same as before. You do not need to prepare too much in advance.” Long Hao Chen said in a calm voice, relaxing the both of them. A [Faith Halo] was released by Long Hao Chen’s body, enveloping all five youths into it without exception.
The Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon that was interrupted for a moment leaped at them once more, its two imposing “blades” chopping straight towards Long Hao Chen.
This time, Long Hao Chen did not stand there simply using [Divine Obstruction]. Instead, facing this Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s two magical blades, he took a step forward.
In a similar fashion to previously, the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon jumped, chopping with the first blade. Long Hao Chen’s pace suddenly accelerated, dodging on the side. Immediately following, the Radiant Shield on his left hand leaned, a white colored light instantly appearing on the Radiant Shield. Taking the shape of thick white patterns appearing on the surface, it instantly collided with the first blade of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon.
, 
the author uses quotations to refer to the two main “blades” of the dual bladed demon. (I think they are a part of its body)
