





Chapter 164: ‘Knight and Assassin Forming a Single Entity’ (whole)
These youths suddenly shut their mouths, and looked at each other, astonished inside. Internal spiritual energy: 23,000. Such a terrifying number! Even if they added up the seven people in the whole group, the amount would not even reach 14,000. With such a gap of spiritual energy, how could they be compared?
Sheng Yue’s look fell one last time on Cai’er, “The one making the most trouble is you. That’s right, sure, that power you tried to unleash was capable of threatening him. However, it would have definitely forced him to go all out to handle you. The reason why I came out was not to help him, but to help you. Otherwise, although you would have definitely inflicted heavy wounds on him, you would surely have died in the process.”
Cai’er calmly stood there, not saying a single word. Toward this great-grandfather of hers, she didn’t have any familiar feelings at all.
“Long Haochen, come with me. I have something to tell you.” Sheng Yue’s look turned ice-cold, like a sharp knife, as he turned back to look at the weakened Long Haochen.
Hearing these words, Cai’er finally showed some reaction, her body slightly shivering.
Sheng Yue shot her a glance before taking a step forward. With it, there was already a distance of ten meters between them.
Long Haochen retrieved his weapons and equipment before chasing after Sheng Yue with big strides.
Gao Yingjie turned to look at everyone, his resolute face revealing a faint smile, “Although I suppressed a part of my strength you forced me to take out my Mythril Foundation Armor for defense today, which is something you can be proud of. There will be a day when you will reach my level and even surpass it. Alright, you may rest for half an hour. Then, we’ll set off.”
In this instant, Chen Ying’er seemed to have already been revitalized, hopping vivaciously to Cai’er’s side, “Cai’er, you’re really strong! Just now, what was that called? So strong!!!”
Cai’er didn’t say anything, only shaking her head before sitting in her previous seat, silently recovering her consumed spiritual energy. Aside from Long Haochen, she acted coldly towards everyone, and didn’t speak much. This was not really an attitude that she displayed deliberately.
Chen Ying’er secretly made an dissatisfied grimace to Cai’er before running off toward Wang Yuanyuan.
Long Haochen headed to the other side of the stadium together with Sheng Yue, who stopped his steps there before turning back to look at him, “Long Haochen.” Calling out the name of this youth, Sheng Yue had a feeling of not daring to speak to him.
The word ‘beautiful’ could be used to describe this handsome youth possessing an abundance of special qualities not present in normal people. Even if Sheng Yue was extremely picky by nature, he had difficulty in finding defects in this youth. However, he still felt somewhat uneasy in his heart; no matter what one may say, he was still the one who snatched his own great-granddaughter.
“Heroic Senior.” Long Haochen raised his right hand to perform a knight salute to Sheng Yue.
Sheng Yue stayed silent for some time before saying gently, “Cai’er, this girl, has been in much pain since she was young. I don’t know why you hold such importance to her, neither do I know what attracts you to her, but you are a knight. And as such, I wish that you’ll fight together with her in the future and protect her in those moments.”
Long Haochen resolutely replied, “I made an oath that I would protect Cai’er during my entire life. That I would use my life to protect her.”
Sheng Yue directed a deep look toward him, his face easing up, “Use your actions to prove it to me. Also, just now, you should have seen the ability Cai’er was trying to use. Keep in mind that unless it is a situation of death or life, where her life really is threatened, you must not let her use this move lightly. This is because that ability will bring great harm to her body. Do you understand?”
Long Haochen’s thoughts shivered. Previously, when Cai’er released that terrifying killing intent at Gao Yingjie, how could Long Haochen not be alarmed by it? He didn’t expect that Cai’er would be so powerful to such an extent, so much that he began to look up to her. Pondering over this matter, he realized, How could Cai’er, who only reached the fifth step of cultivation, display such a formidable ability? As it turned out, it actually came with a great price to pay.
She said that she definitely did not want to lose because it was her first battle by my side. Cai’er, ah, Cai’er! Even though I swore that I would protect you for a lifetime, you were the only one to sacrifice yourself so far.
Looking at Long Haochen, Sheng Yue’s eyes gradually turned more and more red, knowing that he understood his point. “Now go. And remember, both you and Cai’er are even more important than divine artifacts. In your capacity as the squad captain, you should never permit your squad and yourself to enter a situation of unforeseen danger. Until you mature to twenty years old of age, your priority will be to keep yourself and Cai’er safe. After that moment, you will be more than qualified enough to defend yourself.”
“Thank you for your guidance, heroic senior.” Long Haochen saluted Sheng Yue once again.
Sheng Yue revealed a faint smile, shaking his head, “In the future, you can call me great-grandfather, just like Cai’er.” Having spoken these words, he once again revealed his overwhelming superior capability by disappearing after taking a single step, leaving nothing behind.
Long Haochen returned to Cai’er and sat by her side. His previous consumption of spiritual energy was just too great, so he needed time to recover.
Half an hour hadn’t passed, but Gao Yingjie seemed to have already recovered completely, reverting back to his normal state. Long Haochen previously dealt him severe wounds, but there wasn’t the slightest trace of them anymore.
“Let’s depart.” His appearance was average, but the entire soldier 1st Demon Hunt Squad acknowledged their leader’s formidable strength.
After all, this man had already exhibited his strength to them. The seventh step, this was a real powerhouse of the seventh step!
Leaving the Knight Stadium, an absolutely large carriage was waiting for them at the entrance. Using the word gigantic to describe this carriage would not even be an exaggeration. The carriage was three meters wide, about five or six meters long, had eight fine horses pulling it, and two drivers were seated in front of it.
Each newly created Demon Hunt Squad would receive this treatment. After all, not everyone amongst themselves would have mount, and they couldn’t go on this journey by walking. If they did so, their efficiency would just be too low.
In the moment everyone was prepared to get on the carriage, a young girl suddenly ran up to them from nearby.
Most of them were powerhouses at the fifth step, so their perception was naturally not weak. They all unconsciously stopped their steps to look at this young girl.
It was a lady looking 17 or 18 years-old, about the same age as Wang Yuanyuan though she looked more delicate. Her round face was puffing up and her astute-looking eyes seemed full of bitterness. Having short golden hair, she looked nimble and very lovely.
“Uncle master, are you insisting on leaving me behind like this?” The girl hurriedly went in front of Gao Yingjie, opening up both of her arms to block his path.
Looking at her, a hint of helplessness appeared on Gao Yingjie’s previously cold and stern face, “Xiaoxue, don’t be noisy and hurry up and return. Uncle has to go on a mission. I will be back as soon as it is completed. Stay at home and train well.”
“I don’t want to, I want to go on this mission with uncle! I’m also a knight!” The girl called ‘Xiaoxue’ stubbornly stared at Gao Yingjie.
Gao Yingjie’s face dropped, “Xiaoxue, your actions are making uncle angry. Furthermore, you are not young anymore, you can’t stay with uncle for your entire life.”
Xiaoxue’s eyes flashed with a hint of red, “Papa and mama all left. Could it be that uncle also doesn’t want me anymore? That’s right, I just want to spend my whole life with uncle; if she stays alone at home, Xiaoxue will be afraid.” As she was declaring these final words, her voice was already accompanied with sobs. However, this was clearly not just an act. The grievance and fear in her eyes was not fake. From her looks, she was older than Long Haochen and Cai’er, but in terms of maturity, she seemed quite below the both of them.
Having heard these words, Gao Yingjie looked down helplessly, his brows wrinkling. With a sigh, he finally said, “Okay okay, just come together with us then. Let me introduce you to them.”
As he said so, he looked at everyone in the 1st soldier grade Demon Hunt Squad and said, “Her name is Shi Xiaoxue, she’s a a fifth ranked Retribution Knight of the fourth step.”
Long Haochen inquired with some curiousness, “Fourth step fifth rank? With her cultivation level, she should have been able to participate in the Demon Hunt Selection? I’m curious on why I didn’t get to meet her.”
Hearing him, Shi Xiaoxue immediately pouted, “Humpf! It was uncle who didn’t let me participate. Otherwise, I would have gone through the qualifiers without a problem.”
Gao Yingjie sighed before speaking in response, “Her mother was a Demon Hunt Squad member, my battle companion, but she lost her life in battle, leaving this child behind. How could I let her face the danger of entering a Demon Hunt Squad? I only hope for her to live calmly within the Alliance. Ever since her parents both passed away, this child had suffered mentally, making her especially uncourageous. She just never accepts to be separated from me. Sorry everyone, please permit me to bring her along during this operation. Rest at east, she will not disturb you; I make sure to take responsibility for her safety.”
Hearing that Shi Xiaoxue had lost both her parents and seeing her mournful and pitiful appearance, how could anyone not give their agreement? Her grief turning into relief, Shi Xiaoxue mounted the carriage.
The inside of the carriage was really spacious and there was even a specialist to take care of the rations on the road.
With his height of four meters, even by doing his utmost to curl up, Haoyue still occupied quite a large a area. Han Yu had sent his Demonic Eye back to its own space, but Haoyue was not the same. Unless it was by his own will, Long Haochen would never force him to return. After all, he had personally seen the vile environment and formidable foes in it. After he gave a simple explanation to his comrades, everyone naturally accepted Haoyue’s presence.
Upon the orders of the drivers, the eight healthy horses pulled the carriage outside of Holy City.
Gao Yingjie sat in the most exterior seat of the carriage, and Shi Xiaoxue sat at his side. If someone was to look at her carefully, they would notice that this girl had her eyes glued on Gao Yingjie’s figure. As for him, he simply ignored her completely.
“Alright, let’s take advantage of this time to sum up our previous battle. Answer this first, on what aspect of this battle did you do well, and on what aspect were you lacking?” Gao Yingjie said in a deep voice.
Naturally, the point of the battle they had just before was not to stake everything for an nonexistent chance at winning. It was actually not only to assess everyone’s ability, but at the same time to enable everyone to have a better understanding of everyone else’s strength when pressured to a great extent.
Chen Ying’er, as a girl with a mind full of shit, immediately declared, pleased with herself, “Putting Cai’er aside, the strongest one should be me. I have, after all, summoned a formidable magical beast of the eighth step. We really had some chances of winning.”
Sima Xian chuckled before speaking, “Little sister Ying’er, if I were to tell you to do so, would you be able to summon another magical beast of the eighth step?”
Chen Ying’er’s look immediately changed as she muttered hastily, “There will inevitably be a time when I can.”
Gao Yingjie turned to look at Long Haochen and said, “Haochen, you are the captain, give us your thoughts.”
Long Haochen nodded and replied, “Let’s start with the strong points. Our strong points are pretty obvious, the main one being that almost everyone here possesses an offensive strength surpassing the average; my Bright Rain Hibiscus Thrust, Wang Yuanyuan’s Gigantic Divine Soul Shield, Sima Xian’s combination of Madness with Sacred Hammer, Ying’er’s summon using the Creature Summoning Gate, as well as Cai’er’s extraordinary power. In comparison, Han Yu and Lin Xin are closer to the role of support, but their utility in battle remains quite considerable.”
Everything he said up to there was a thorough observation of everyone’s capabilities, just casually fiddling around and ordering his thoughts.
“Possessing these abilities that transcend our own ranks, we should easily display strength surpassing our enemies’ expectations. As long as our team’s power has the chance of being displayed, I believe that we can definitely be called the strongest newcomer Demon Hunt Squad.”
Hearing him up to there, everyone spontaneously nodded in succession. During the course of the previous battle, the most dazzling one was, without a doubt, Cai’er. But in his capacity as the captain of the team, Long Haochen’s ability couldn’t be neglected either. If not for his control over Gao Yingjie using his Saint Spiritual Stove combined with a defense that reached the greatest of heights, even granted that Gao Yingjie didn’t use his full strength, they would have had a lot of difficulties to fully use those ultimate techniques of theirs. Long Haochen’s last blow also left a deep impression on everyone else. After all, Bright Rain Hibiscus Thrust’s formidable penetrative offensive power had even managed to wound Gao Yingjie despite the fact that he equipped his Mythril Foundation Armor. That was how great Long Haochen’s offensive power was. As a result, everyone just grew more convinced that the strength of Long Haochen, their captain represented the first position well after all. Even Wang Yuanyuan, who was originally not totally convinced, could only feel admiration toward Long Haochen having personally witnessed the immense efficacy of both Bright Rain Hibiscus Thrust and the Saint Spiritual Stove.
Even though everyone wasn’t clear on Long Haochen’s age, they could still clearly see that, in the team, the three youngest were him, Cai’er, and Chen Ying’er. And from the fact that Cai’er and him had even managed to reach the fifth step at such an age, everyone could see how immense their future prospects were.
Gao Yingjie nodded and said, “Now tell us about the shortcomings?”
Long Haochen said, “It is also obvious that we were quite lacking. First of all, we weren’t familiar with each other, so we didn’t know each other’s skills, preparation time, power, efficacy, as well as fighting patterns. In such circumstances, it was hard to act in coordination, and thus, we were unable to fully display our combat power. To reach the level of perfect coordination, we will need to exercise continuously and increase our fighting experience. In the future, we’ll definitely pay attention to this aspect. The second shortcoming is of the indefinite nature. This point is in regard to Ying’er’s side; Ying’er’s Creature Summoning Gate is indeed a formidable summoning spell, but she herself is unable to know what summon will come out. As a result, in the middle of battle, I find it hard to include her capability to our calculations. Even in the case that she calls out a formidable magical beast, it will still be a bad situation if it cannot act in coordination with us. For instance, just previously, that Demonic Eye Ruler’s attack had actually disturbed Haoyue’s magic.”
On the side, Chen Ying’er stuck out her tongue, “If the summoned magical beast is too powerful, I’m indeed unable to control it completely.”
Gao Yingjie slightly wrinkled his brows and said, “Chen Ying’er, I know that there has to be some secret to this Creature Summoning Gate, and it can be classified as a personal secret of yours so I don’t feel comfortable asking you. However, you are now a part of the entire Demon Hunt Squad. Just like Han Yu, you are a seventh of the group’s power. In this entire team, everyone is important. Thus, if you want the team to grow faster, you will have to stabilize your summons the earliest you can.”
Chen Ying’er was slightly startled before she murmured, “I’m afraid that I have to at least reach the seventh step before I can completely control the Creature Summoning Gate.”
Gao Yingjie said, “There’s another solution, it is to get your contracted beast as soon as possible. In the current situation, I’m afraid we’ll have to wait a dozen years before you reach the seventh step. Don’t tell me that during these ten years, you will always rely on your companions to protect you? From the point of view of the team, you’ll likely bring a catastrophe upon everyone else.” When he spoke out these words, his tone had clearly become stricter.
Chen Ying’er’s charming face became paler as she slowly lowered her head, not uttering a single word.
The others were all clear on the problem regarding her, but the team had just formed and she was just a little girl so no one said much about her, so as to avoid affecting their unity. And as the temporary leader, Gao Yingjie was obviously the most suited to be called an outsider. In fact, even if Lin Xin was unable to launch attacks, he could still rely on his outstanding magic control and magic quality to assist the whole team by taking care of the defense. But in the case that Chen Ying’er’s Creature Summoning Gate couldn’t summon a powerful magical beast, she would only be a burden to the whole team. In fact, even if she summoned something good, she wouldn’t be able to control it well, which would not necessarily make it a good thing for the team. As a result, she could only be said to be the most unstable part of the team.
Gao Yingjie’s dignified look swept past everyone and he said in a deep voice, “You will all have to firmly keep in mind that you are a single entity, a complete team. You will have to prioritize the team’s interests. Otherwise, if a problem arises in any one of you, it’s the whole group that will be weighed down. In the middle of a battle, you will have to depend on each other. Even if your power is nearly exhausted, you must always find a way to do your part in the team.
In the next three months, I will do my utmost to pass my experience onto you. The amount you will manage to learn and to display will depend on yourself. Now, I am going to make a personal analysis on everyone in this 1st soldier grade Demon Hunt Squad .
I have already told everything about Chen Ying’er; she is the most undeterminable element of the team. But since you are a team, in battle, it will be everyone’s duty to protect her. Once she is grown up in the future, she will inevitably become an important part of the team.”
When his look fell on the sole mage of the team, Gao Yingjie clearly revealed some interest, “Lin Xin, did you know that you are the most outstanding mage I’ve seen this year?”
“Eh?” Lin Xin started, feeling that this sudden praise was somewhat unbefitting of him. He originally believed that Gao Yingjie would look down upon him for not being able to attack.
Gao Yingjie continued in a deep voice, “Today was the first time you cooperated together, but in this collaboration, aside from Long Haochen’s magical beast, you were the one with the best coordination with him. When your total energy elemental shield as well as your elemental shields were used on him, the defensive support you gave Long Haochen was even greater than his magical beast’s!
If I am not mistaken, you relied on your control to improve the efficiency of your elemental shields, providing even greater results. The magical staff in your hand should be a pure fire cloud crystal, bringing you quite a decent amplification. However, if you didn’t naturally have outstanding talent, it wouldn’t have been possible for you to use your defensive spells with such speed.
Even though I should not ask of another’s secret, among all of you, the one I’m the most curious about is you; why can’t you use any offensive magic? I know that you are also an alchemist. Further adding to the fact that you possess this kind of double specialization, your defensive magic has great utility. If you wholeheartedly devote yourself on training your magic control, I can predict that you are bound to become the pride of the Mage Temple in the future.”
Hearing Gao Yingjie’s words, Lin Xin turned silent. This narcissistic, deep green-haired youth’s complexion darkened, but he didn’t say anything, only lowering his own head and sitting there.
Gao Yingjie gave him a deep look and said, “Okay, okay. Presently, we have assessed the utility of Lin Xin, who can only use defensive magic, to our battle strategy. In this team, Lin Xin’s utility is no less than a shield warrior’s, and thanks to the fact that he uses magic, he can be said to have an even greater utility compared to a shield warrior. Lin Xin, keep in mind that if you will forever be unable to use offensive magic, you will have to exert a lot of efforts on your fire control on defensive and assisting magic in the future. This way, when facing powerful foes, you will be able to assist Long Haochen’s defense, just like you did today. And the time you will shine the most in the team will be when facing numerous weak enemies; when someone meets danger or needs assistance, you will be the first to rush out to help them. This will require you to always keep an eye on the general situation.”
Lin Xin nodded in silence, “I will try my best.” Giving this short reply, he did not say any more, seemingly becoming somewhat irritated by the fact that Gao Yingjie raised the question on why he couldn’t use offensive magic.
Gao Yingjie declared, “I am placing Lin Xin in the rear, and Chen Ying’er, as the one who will need the most protection, is to be placed in the middle of the formation. Long Haochen, take note that your mount will have to assist them in moving during battles, using, for example, the ‘Float’ wind system technique and so on, and to carry them when it is necessary.”
Long Haochen paid serious attention to each word Gao Yingjie said. It was someone speaking based on real experience! In the field of cultivation and training, few could match Ye Hua’s research, but in the field of real combat experience, especially team battles, Ye Hua could hardly be compared to Gao Yingjie. Just like it could be seen from the scars on his body, his experience was based on lessons he learnt with his blood!
Gao Yingjie continued speaking, “Wang Yuanyuan, Sima Xian, from my eyes, you two are warriors, nothing more than an axe warrior and a holy warrior.”
Hearing him say so, Wang Yuanyuan and Sima Xian couldn’t help but reveal some embarrassment on their face.
A faint smile appeared on Gao Yingjie’s face, “You don’t have to feel embarrassed, this is not a problem of any kind. No one takes the same path of development, the most important thing is that this path is suited to the two of you. Without a doubt, your external spiritual energy outstrips most people. Wang Yuanyuan, I will not say much to you, but in battle, you have to pay attention in order to match your rhythm with the others. You have to take note of the situation Long Haochen is in, act in parallel with him, and help him in handling the defense. You cannot create a hole in the whole formation on an impulse. Also, your ultimate move is powerful, but the consumption of spiritual energy is just too great, don’t use it rashly.”
“Yeah.” Wang Yuanyuan nodded. She had a straightforward personality, so she would listen to the only party’s guidance only if she acknowledged them as being more powerful than her.
Gao Yingjie turned towards Sima Xian and said, “As for you, there’s more in what I need to tell to you. You are a priest, but chose a path close to a warrior’s. In itself, there’s nothing wrong in that. As I see it, you can take the path of a Discipline Priest.”
“A Discipline Priest?” Sima Xian started, staring at him blankly. It was the first time he had heard of this.
Gao Yingjie explained, “It is something that hasn’t appeared for many years already. A so called Discipline Priest is a kind of priest that mostly relies on combat. But you have to bear in mind that it is a priest and not a warrior. Thus, he must learn priest abilities, and not only offensive ones, but also the support skills. Choosing the path of a Discipline Priest implies the abandonment of healing, but you have to know that a Discipline Priest will rely on the bursting power of his sacred magic. Your combined use of Madness with Sacred Hammer is good, but from what I saw, your combination of sacred magic and close combat is still not good enough. On this side, you may ask Long Haochen for guidance. If you train well as a Discipline Priest, you will have the possibility of becoming a powerhouse uniting magic and combat arts.
As for your positions in the team’s formation, Sima Xian and Wang Yuanyuan, you will be both behind Long Haochen, covering the left and right sides to alleviate a part of Long Haochen’s burden while protecting Chen Ying’er and Lin Xin if it is needed.”
“Yes.” Listening Gao Yingjie’s detailed analysis, everyone paid deep attention. Gao Yingjie was not only guiding everyone in their future development, but also their role in the formation, their accurate positioning. In the future, when cooperating to fight together, their coordination would be better this way.
“Han Yu, your position will be at the back of the formation. I know that you are a Guardian Knight, but to a team, the rear is also extremely important. Your 1st soldier grade Demon Hunt Squad ’s best advantage over the others is that you have one more Guardian Knight. Holding a good defense at the rear will lighten your teammates’ worries. At the same time, the Demonic Eye you have as a magical beast companion will also provide good support. In case a rather powerful enemy appears, you will have to make your Demonic Eye intimidate it through spiritual magic to earn some time for your comrades to prepare themselves.”
Han Yu spoke, “Captain, I have something to say.”
Gao Yingjie replied in response, “Speak.”
Han Yu said, “At the present time, the biggest problem of our team is that it doesn’t have access to the healing spells of a priest, which will affect our ability to sustain in combat. Thus, my future training path will be inclined toward the defense and healing aspects; this will make up for the deficiency of our team.”
A trace of astonishment immediately flashed in Gao Yingjie’s eyes and he said, full of appreciation, “Very good. This is something I wanted to mention. The fact you had this kind of awareness is a fortunate thing.”
Sima Xian sat at Han Yu’s side, and hearing Gao Yingjie that he immediately stretched his hand, putting it on Han Yu’s shoulder, “Good brother, in the future, I hope to share my contribution points with you.”
Han Yu felt somewhat helpless as he cast him a glance aside, “Don’t stick to me with your flesh, I rather prefer the soft body of a young woman.”
Sima Xian laughed out loudly, blinked his eyes, and did some flirtatious glances, “Are you not okay with me?”
“Shut up…”
The others couldn’t help but laugh at this scene.
Sima Xian felt guilty because of the fact that he couldn’t carry on the duty of the healer for his team, but seeing that Han Yu took the initiative of assuming this responsibility, deep inside, he felt extremely grateful. What a great initiative!
In the carriage, the atmosphere had lightened because of this episode, turning friendlier.
Gao Yingjie’s look finally fell on Long Haochen and Cai’er.
“Cai’er, your offensive power is extremely great. You can be said to be the team’s sharpest blade: within this squad, your attack is the greatest. Thus, your duty is even greater. I know that your relationship with Long Haochen is good, but don’t forget that you are both members of this squad, and there will be a lot of times when you should not let your emotions affect you. Otherwise, you will not be helping him but harming him instead. He is the captain so, if you want to help him, help him in fulfilling his role as the captain.”
Gao Yingjie’s tone had become once again stern and serious. Cai’er slightly raised her head; although she was blind, it could be seen from this motion that she was carefully listening. “Wah, Banzai, Yipiie!
Uncle, you’re so handsome!” At that instant, a foolish and lovable voice interrupted Gao Yingjie in his serious talk. Shi Xiaoxue grabbed his arm while crying out.
Gao Yingjie’s face turned a little red and he furiously said, “Let go of me and look at yourself. Don’t interrupt me!”
“Oh…” Feeling aggrieved, Shi Xiaoxue lowered her head, but was still grabbing his sleeve with her hand. In regard to this young girl, Gao Yingjie indeed felt completely helpless.
Sima Xian, Han Yu, Chen Ying’er, and Wang Yuanyuan couldn’t help but secretly laugh. At that time, Lin Xin, who was quietly pouting, seemed to also ease up by quite a bit, dubiously looking at Gao Yingjie before looking at Shi Xiaoxue and thinking to himself, Could it be that this is the so called old cow that eats light grass?
“Cough cough.” Gao Yingjie coughed a few times, trying to mask his embarrassment. Firmly looking at Cai’er, he spoke, “There are three points you have to keep in mind in regard to your duty. First, relying on your formidable offensive power, you will have to kill the enemies; be sure to be the one who kills the most of them. When there is no especially formidable existence among them, you will have to do your utmost to wipe them all out. This will lighten the pressure on your comrades.
Next is to break the enemy formation. In the presence of enemies that are also organised well, you will have to break the enemy ranks’ stability so as to provide an opening for your teammates to attack.
Last is to provide support when facing the most powerful foes. Cai’er, tell me: as an assassin fighting in team, in which context would you use your most powerful blow?”
Cai’er coldly answered, “When killing the enemies.”
Gao Yingjie shook his head and said, “No, you are wrong. That way, you will only display your own force, and while under the restrictions you will face in battle, your own firepower will have no chance to come out completely. When facing enemies more powerful than yourself, acting this way will be of no help to the team.
You should know that the Knight Temple and the Assassin Temple have the closest relationship among all. The reason for this is not because that these two great Temples both specialize in close quarter combat, but more importantly, it is because of the nature of the abilities of a knight and an assassin naturally complementing each other. A knight is the shield of an assassin, and an assassin is the sharpest weapon a knight can have.”
Hearing him speak, everyone could not help but feel moved. It was especially the case for Long Haochen, who seemed to have realized something.
Gao Yingjie said, “When facing a single enemy with strength completely surpassing yours, what you will have to do is not to act by yourself, but to act jointly with Long Haochen. You are the concealed existence that spreads Long Haochen’s shadow everywhere. The moment he is blocking the ultimate enemy’s move is the moment when your offensive power can burst out. This is the so called ‘Knight and Assassin Forming a Single Entity’.”
“In front of powerful foes, the assassin has to be a sure-kill weapon directed against them, but will also have to assist the knight in defending against the attacks he can’t block completely, ensuring his survival. Hence, I wish for Long Haochen and you to most rapidly comprehend each other’s capabilities and limits. Only this way, will you both unite so as to become the heart of the team.”
Cai’er nodded calmly, slightly bowing at Gao Yingjie’s direction, “Thank you.”
To make her speak out the two words of submission, ‘thank you’, was not an easy feat to accomplish. Everything Gao Yingjie had just said was for Cai’er to finally realize her real duty as a member of the squad. Obviously, the part that had impacted her the most was the expression ‘Knight and Assassin Forming a Single Entity’, the assassin helping the knight’s survival. In the previous battle, Cai’er was always trying her best to help Long Haochen, but she didn’t know what was the best method for her to do so at all. But with these directions given by Gao Yingjie, given her intelligence, she had already begun to realize a great deal more.
Gao Yingjie revealed a gratified look. As long as these youths listened to him, him taking the role of leader this time would not be for naught.
The Temple Alliance attached extensive priority to the Demon Hunt Squads. And it was precisely for the sake of increasing these Newcomer Demon Hunt Squad’s probability of survival and letting them have a better chance to meet the standards, that they had these formidable Temple Knight of the seventh step to guide them for these three months. These three months were a period of assessment and also a period of refinement, and these ten Temple Knights headed by Gao Yingjie were all among the elites of elites in achieving favorable results.
“Long Haochen, the last person I have to speak of is you. In the previous battle, you were the one I was the most satisfied with among all of you, and the one I have the most expectations for. The Saint Spiritual Stove is among the best choices, but the fact that you possess one doesn’t imply that you will become an outstanding knight for sure. In your capacity as the heart of the team, you did not renounce; you did not give up. You faced danger despite everything, using your firm defense to give your companions the opportunity to move forward. You did very well.
Your position is at the center and at the front of the formation. When facing powerful foes, you will always be the first one to welcome them. That is what a knight is. The ten great standards of a knight: modesty, honesty, compassion, courage, fairness, sacrifice, honor, perseverance, charity, and justice, are the most crucial for a team. You will have to combine attack and defense as a whole, leading the whole team. You carry the most important duty, and each of your choices will decide the fate of your team.”





