





Chapter 184: Spiritual Stove of Return to Childhood(I)
As he said so, he carried Long Haochen, handing him to Gao Yingjie. He could comprehend perfectly Gao Yingjie’s mood; clearly, these Temple Knights had been dispatched for the only sake of following Long Haochen. If it wasn’t for Long Haochen’s sake, the Knight Temple wouldn’t possibly have let ten Mythril Foundation Knights lead ten newly formed Demon Hunt Squads. There had been no precedent of this even in the past!
From the eyes of the others, this was because many outstanding talents had appeared on the side of the Knight Temple, but only Sheng Yue knew that the fundamental reason was Long Haochen’s status as the Scion of Light.
Thus, he handed Long Haochen to Gao Yingjie, as the most important priority was to let him confirm Long Haochen’s safety.
Naturally, Gao Yingjie had immediately investigated Long Haochen’s condition. Except from being weakened, the latter didn’t have any big issue, which let him loosen his breath greatly.
In the previous battle opposing Long Haochen and his companions to the demon army, Gao Yingjie had been continuously observing them secretly. As long as Long Haochen didn’t encounter danger, he wouldn’t act personally. And when Long Haochen returned to his own living quarters, Gao Yingjie naturally went back to rest. Upon seeing him in the battlefield once again, how could Gao Yingjie not be alarmed? Just now, it was furthermore demon gods that appeared! In spite of everything, Long Haochen wasn’t in danger, letting his mood improve greatly. As for the circumstances behind the fact he entered this battlefield, they would have plenty of time to investigate that after returning.
After handing Long Haochen to Gao Yingjie, Sheng Yue’s face appeared even more alarmed. Compared to Long Haochen’s condition, Sheng Lingxin’s could only be described as horrible.
At that moment, Sheng Lingxin’s face looked as white as snow, but the most peculiar thing was that on his face, a baby-like smile was revealed. Just looking at that, Sheng Yue immediately realized what his own grandson did. Thinking in addition about the corpses of these demon gods’ direct subordinates they saw on the way, Sheng Yue couldn’t help but feel a sharp pain. Nonetheless, no matter what could be said, his grandson had at least managed to come back alive after resisting these demon gods. This could be regarded as a very good luck on their side.
At the moment those three grand demon gods appeared, the first thought that came to their mind was the Brilliant Angel Knight Squadron ending up defeated, and that even if they came to help, it would already be too late. In case they clashed against the three demon gods and their three hundred direct subordinates, the three thousand man Brilliant Angel Knight Regiment could only end up with enormous casualties. Seeing that this time, the demons’ armies had launched such a surprise attack, the results looked self-evident.
But Sheng Lingxin’s proper decision had saved this Brilliant Angel Knight Regiment from this fate. Launching an attack they would hardly be able to defend against, he broke these three grand demon gods’ plan. If he hadn’t been able to resist these grand demon gods, stalling some precious time, then the results would indeed have been disastrous. And Sheng Lingxin managed to do so with a cultivation level merely at the peak of the seventh step.
As for the reason why the three grand demon gods chased after him, it was precisely because the might of Sheng Lingxin’s blow was already comparable to the peak of the eighth step. To them, killing such a powerhouse looked even more important than to annihilate this Brilliant Angel Knight Regiment. More importantly, Sheng Lingxin’s surprise attack had enraged these three grand demon gods. At last, with Long Haochen and Haoyue’s help, Sheng Lingxin managed to complete his objective. But as for him, he fell as a result into a deep coma.
The Brilliant Angel Knight Squadron had at that moment already retreated, retreating under Sheng Yue’s command, returning to the Exorcist Mountain Pass. As for this great attack of the demons’ armies, it looked that it would finally come to an end.
At the time Long Haochen gradually awoke from his state of unconsciousness, he felt that his whole body was lacking strength, feeling limp and painful, and that the internal spiritual energy in his body was in a weak state. He only hardly managed to move his own body.
“Haochen, how are you feeling?” Gao Yingjie’s gloomy voice sounded.
Long Haochen’s eyes gradually opened, “I… I’m alright. Leader, where am I?”
As soon as he stood up, Long Haochen immediately found out the answer to his question.
From this wide room, he could distinctly see that the outside sky looked as dark as before, whereas this room was quite simple. And at this moment, quite a few people were there, including Gao Yingjie and the other squad leaders. Sheng Lingxin was lying on a bed at the other side, and Sheng Yue, Lan Yanyu as well as seven or eight higher ups of the Exorcist Mountain Range were present.
“Great-grandfather?” Seeing Sheng Yue, Long Haochen couldn’t help but cry out in alarm. And the way he called him left the others completely speechless. In particular, Lan Yanyu looked at Long Haochen in complete disbelief.
Sheng Yue nodded to Long Haochen, his face looking very solemn, “I’m glad you’re okay. All right, now that Haochen came back to his senses, Yanyu, tell me, what happened in the end? Why has Haochen gone there with Lingxin?”
Lan Yanyu clearly looked afraid of Sheng Yue; her face appearing extremely pale, she looked at her husband, still in coma, but carrying such a strange smile on his face. She couldn’t help but shake violently, unable to say a single word.
“Great-grandfather, I was the one who wanted to accompany father-in-law to the battlefield.” At that time, Long Haochen suddenly spoke.
Sheng Yue blanked out, and similarly, Gao Yingjie’s group couldn’t help but stare blankly.
Sheng Yue asked, full of doubts, “You wanted to accompany him to the battlefield? I just asked the others, and it looks like at that time, you have been called over by Lingxin soon after having returned from the defensive battle to your own living quarters. For which reason did you follow him to the battlefield? Don’t tell me you forgot that you are the member of a newly formed demon squad; don’t you know how dangerous it is to go to the main battlefield in the battle against demons?”
Long Haochen calmly looked at everyone and could not conceal the admiration he revealed at that moment! “Ehh… It was because Uncle Sheng was aware of my identity, and because he is familiar with my father. So he was concerned about my situation, and after the battle ended, he specially called out for me. It was to encourage me, and to because he wanted me to follow him in learning about commanding the army.”
Hearing Long Haochen say so, Lan Yanyu couldn’t help being stunned. No one knew the reason why Sheng Lingxin called out to Long Haochen better than her. At the moment she heard these words, although no change appeared on her expression, everything happened within her.
Sheng Yue’s face looked extremely serious, “Haochen, although Lingxin is my grandson, if he did anything wrong, even if he doesn’t survive from this, I will still discover it. You don’t have to cover up for him; let alone him, even I don’t know who your father is. I am not convinced by your explanation at all.”
Long Haochen shook his head, “Great-grandfather, all I said was truth. It happened because I used my father’s self created technique, but uncle Sheng happened to recognize it, and in the past, he also learned it from my father. It was this way that he recognized me, and expressed the will to look after me.”
Letting out these words, Long Haochen astonished once again everyone else in this room. What status did Sheng Lingxin hold? He was the only grandson of a hero of the ninth step, Sheng Yue, and even considering his status and his position, he actually learned a technique from Long Haochen’s father? And that was a self-created technique! Who could Long Haochen’s father in the end be?
Sheng Yue revealed a curious face, “Who in the end is your father?”
Long Haochen took a deep breath, lowering his head and looking at Sheng Lingxin who looked as though he was in the verge of collapsing, before telling him, “I can only tell it to you, and no one else.”
Sheng Yue nodded, lifting up his right hand. A brilliance immediately surged out, locking him up with Long Haochen. A moment later, Sheng Yue’s expression became incomparably grotesque, to the extent that he had to swallow a gulp of his own saliva, as he had a completely shocked look.
“No wonder… It’s truly no wonder… All right, I believe you, please go on. So why did you set foot to the battlefield with him.”
Long Haochen continued, “I followed uncle Sheng in the battlefield to watch the battle, and he told me about the fact he knew my father. Besides, he told me to go to rest after encouraging me. Right after going down to the city, I happened to see uncle Sheng go down as well, preparing to join the Brilliant Angel Knight Regiment in the battle. Hence, I ran to him, wanting to combat alongside with Uncle Sheng. Uncle Sheng originally disagreed, but at that time, the army was already about to be launched and couldn’t be delayed at all. Then, he warned me repeatedly to stay close to him, and has stayed by my side to protect me all along.”
“What a troublemaker!” Gao Yingjie couldn’t help but shout out in anger, “How did I teach you? Obeying the orders is a military’s duty and this is the battlefield. Do you know how dangerous your behaviour was? How could you follow them so boldly although you are not familiar with the Brilliant Angel Knight Regiment’s fighting methods at all? No matter whether it’s about yourself encountering danger or disturbing the whole regiment, I cannot forgive you this time.”
Gao Yingjie’s entire body was shaking; if he wasn’t in the presence of so many people, he would definitely have slapped Long Haochen.
Long Haochen lowered his head, “I am sorry, captain. I know I was in the wrong.”
Gao Yingjie coldly glanced at him, ”Show me your contribution tile, I am going to confiscate all the contribution points you earned.”
Long Haochen nodded before taking off his Holy Spirit Armor. At that time, with a Paf sound, a book fell from his chest.
“Eh?” Long Haochen looked distracted before picking up this book.
This was a booklet that looked ordinary, but on it were written four golden characters, ‘Raise flowers into trees’.
What is this? Long Haochen was absolutely sure that this thing didn’t belong to him.
Seeing this book, Sheng Yue and Lan Yanyu were completely astonished. Originally, Lan Yanyu didn’t understand why Long Haochen covered up the truth to Sheng Yue in such a way, but in the instant she saw this book, she immediately came to understand the importance Long Haochen held to the other party, and his father’s identity.
Sheng Yue asked doubtfully, “Was this book given to you by Lingxin?”
Long Haochen scratched his head, and replied, “I don’t know about it! It may be that Uncle Sheng handed it to me after I lost consciousness. ”
Sheng Yue’s tone changed immediately, “Until now, I have always believed everything you just said. This boy, you’re just too disobedient, how could you follow him to the battlefield? Do you know that if anything happens to you, those old guys from the Knight Temple will slaughter their way to settle the bill with me?”
As he said so, Lan Yanyu’s face immediately changed greatly, and the other generals looked also overwhelmed with shock. What kind of antecedent could this youngster have? Even if he was the son of a powerhouse of the ninth step, how could he leave this Sheng Yue worried to such extent.





