
Chapter 20: Knights’ Sacred Mountain (IV)
Affected by Xing Yu’s scent that gave him an intimate feeling, Long Hao Chen started crying, he couldn’t control his tears that suddenly started to drip. Then, he let his mouth loose. Looking at the place on Xing Yu’s armpit where he bit, it was bleeding and had a bite mark. He shouted with a hoarse voice: “WHY? WHY DON’T YOU KILL ME?”
“Because I am your father.”
With that simple sentence, Long Hao Chen’s face that was full of anger suddenly calmed down, he stood there motionless, his eyes looking straight at Xing Yu.
“What, what did you say you were?” Long Hao Chen showed an ashen face that was gradually being filled with disbelief.
Long Xing Yu sighed and took a step forward, pulling him into his bosom and tightly hugging him, “I am, I am your father, the father you had never met before. Xing Yu is my name, you have your surname from me, we both are from the same ‘Long’ family.” After he said these words, his hand released a white light, untying the restriction on Bai Yue’s body.
Bai Yue quickly rushed at them, pulling Long Hao Chen from Long Xin Yu’s bosom, glaring at him, “Are you mad? You just frightened me to death.”
Long Xing Yu laughed: “I just wanted to test Hao Chen’s ability to keep his calm during fights in all circumstances, but from what I saw, you are his biggest weak spot.”
“Mother, he, is he really?…” Only at this moment did Long Hao Chen react, all his negative emotions turned into shock, and he gave his mother a flabbergasted look.
Bai Yue gently nodded, “I am sorry, Chen Chen. Mother didn’t tell you until now, but a year ago, your father found us. He hoped that you could become a knight as formidable as him and thus we hid from you the fact that he came back.”
Long Xing Yu acquiesced and nodded, “It seems that no matter how much one plans things out, life always intervenes. I was afraid that after you knew that I am your father, you wouldn’t put in anymore effort, and that I wouldn’t be able to discipline you.”
Long Hao Chen gave his mother a lifeless look. The words his father just said were the most unexpected things he had heard in his life. For as long as he could remember, he only had his mother by his side.
Bai Yue gently caressed her son’s head, unable to stop her tears, “Sorry, Chen Chen. In the past, you mother didn’t say anything to you regarding this matter. Ten years ago, a very painful thing happened to your mother and she didn’t know at all how to face your father, so she had to leave her native place and come here. At that moment, I discovered that I was already pregnant with you. Don’t blame your father, everything is my fault. He had to painstakingly look for us for nine years. If you have to hate someone, hate me.”
The expression Long Xing Yu’s eyes showed to this mother and son was complex as he gently said: “Yue, this is already over. All the pain has already left us. Don’t think about these painful memories anymore, okay?”
Bai Yue nodded, she was sobbing: “Last year I promised you that for your sake, for Hao Chen’s sake, I’d free myself from those unbearable memories. I will devote my future life only to the both of you. During these years, Hao Chen must have suffered a lot because of me. Honestly, I don’t really want him to become a knight like you, I just want him to live safely.”
Long Xing Yu frown, showing once more a complex expression in his eyes, unconsciously clenching his fists, seemingly in an intense internal struggle.
Long Hao Chen gradually came back to his senses and took a look at his mother, then at his father, his eyes revealing a fiery look.
“No, Mother, I want to become a knight. To become a formidable knight.”
Long Xing Yu was stunned. He was previously really wavering, wondering whether what he was doing was right. He was well aware that for both Bai Yue and Long Hao Chen’s sake, a peaceful life would be, by far, the best choice possible.
Xing Yu showed a wry smile: “Will you recognize an irresponsible father like me?”
“No, you are not responsible at all. It’s my fault, everything is my fault.” Bai Yue’s tears, which had just stopped, immediately resumed flowing.
“Father!” Breaking free from his mother’s embrace, Long Hao Chen fiercely threw himself on Long Xing Yu’s bosom. At this moment, he only felt true happiness.
He was a mere child, a ten years old child. Although he never said it to Bai Yue, every time he saw those little kids and their fathers together in Odin Town, how could he not feel envious?
But now, his father was back. They had been separated for so many years, but his father was even more formidable than those other kids’: he was a formidable knight. In Long Hao Chen’s heart, all the past anger turned into joy.
Hearing this shout, Long Xing Yu didn’t display his excitement. He just stood there, expressionless, before using his firm arms to gently hold his wife and his child in his embrace. However, neither Bai Yue nor Long Hao Chen noticed this: the current him looked as restrained as before.
After having rushed for a day, and experiencing both sadness and joy upon arriving home, Long Hao Chen went to bed early. It was the first time in a year that he didn’t spend the night seated, but in a deep sleep.
Long Xing Yu hugged Bai Yue by their son’s side, “Yue.”
Bai Yue gently nodded, shutting both her eyes, “You don’t need to say more. Chen Chen is like you, he cannot simply live a quiet and peaceful life. You were both born like this, with a need to cause big issues. He has already made his choice, thus I can only support him. I have one sole wish, it is for him to live well. Regardless of what you will teach him, the most important matter will be to protect him, okay?”
“Un, I promise you.” Long Xing Yu slowly nodded, gently caressing Bai Yue’s long hair.
On the next morning, Long Xing Yu brought both Bai Yue and Long Hao Chen to the mountain peak. Since he had already been exposed, he didn’t have anything left to hide.
Bai Yue went to tidy up Long Hao Chen’s room while Long Xing Yu called his son in front of him.
“Hao Chen, you still chose to continue to follow my practice despite knowing the relationship between us. For this reason, I will be only stricter than in the past. You have one last opportunity to change your mind.”
Long Hao Chen replied without hesitation: “Father, I understand that you are only strict for my sake. This time, I experienced a lot of things when I went to the City of Hao Yue. Father, I have to ask, are you even higher ranked than a Radiant Knight?”
Long Xing Yu took a step back, standing still for a moment and looking unsure, then lowered his head in front of Long Hao Chen.
“Wa, so cool.” Long Hao Chen excitedly hop, “Father, I will, in the future, become a knight as great as you.”
Long Xing Yu smiled: “How do you know that your father is a great knight?”
Long Hao Chen stubbornly said: “It must be so.”
Long Xing Yu added: “I see. You will learn how great father’s prowess is in the future. But if you want to become a great knight, you cannot slack off. From today onwards, you won’t need to go to the owl-ants crypt anymore. The type of practice that you will have to do is going to change completely.”
“I won’t need to go?” Even though he went for a year nonstop, it was still a very dark place. Long Hao Chen was still somewhat afraid of this place
Long Xing Yu nodded: “In the past year, the main goals of the practice were to enhance your reaction speed, your mental capacity, and improve your body as well. Soaking every day in the hot spring filled with medicine was also done with the same motive. Now that your spiritual energy level is above hundred, we can start to train your inner spiritual energy.”
“Inner spiritual energy?” Long Hao Chen gave his father an uncertain look. During the past year, everything Long Xing Yu taught him was regarding history, skills used by knights, and various knowledge, but he never mentioned the matter of internal spiritual energy.
, 
 1.Chinese idiom 人算不如天算
, are the comments of the part 1
