
Chapter 64: Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon (IV)
[Holy Filter Shield], a Guardian Knight shield skill that filled the shield with a divine light made of spiritual energy.
“Pu–” Just like that, the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s first blade was unexpectedly parried, hitting the ground. Long Hao Chen’s body flashed, instantly becoming steady and once again activating the rock-firm and unyielding [Divine Obstruction].
With a crashing sound, the second blade hit the Radiant Shield, golden light scattering all around; Long Hao Chen finally managed to stop the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon.
Normally, a mere [Holy Filter Shield] would not be able to block the strike of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s first blade. However, by further adding the shield technique [Leaned Shield Unloading Power] that Ye Hua had passed onto him, he could block the opponent albeit with difficulty.
The Light Sword was lifted up. It sparkled with the light of the halo that expanded from Long Hao Chen’s body.
[Imposing Ring], a Guardian Knight skill with the effect of increasing the overall spiritual energy power by 10%.
Drawing support from [Divine Obstruction] and [Bright Vengeance], and by fully utilizing his abilities, he could save his internal spiritual energy while increasing the effect of his skills. The other four were surrounded once more by a holy ring.
This time, Chen Si did not repeat the same mistake. He resolutely struck on the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s side with his shield and, with the amplification effect of the Holy Ring, he launched an all out attack, repelling the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon back by a meter. Chen Si let out a grunt while falling back and tumbling on his butt.
A glint appeared on the red colored longsword that came from the side like a bolt of lightning. A blazing red aura made the blade of the sword turn red. With a Pu sound, the sword entered the small crack a sixth of a meter wide in the the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s shell, aiming for its neck. As a response, the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon cried out in pain, the “two blades” frantically sweeping about.
Chen Chen entrusted everything to one throw. Launching a [Skyfire Thrust], his most powerful attack at the fourth step cultivation level, he finally split open the small crack in the defense of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon.
With Chen Si’s aid, Long Hao Chen could take a little breather before firmly gripping his Radiant Shield and using [Holy Filter Shield] once more.
Pu–, the first blade was parried by the [Holy Filter Shield]; Long Hao Chen had steadily taken the hit. He wanted to give his partners an opportunity to attack. After withstanding this blow, he dropped the Radiant Shield and once again spat a mouthful of blood.
The Light Sword replaced the shield and [Divine Obstruction] was used once again. With a Bang sound, golden light was scattered as he managed to resist. From Long Hao Chen’s mouth and nose, more blood flowed.
A Flame Sword that glowed a golden red light seemed to cut the entire world apart as it ruthlessly struck the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s vulnerable body, producing an intense sound.
“HOUU–” The Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon was bellowing even though the Flame Sword had not penetrated into its body. The one who launched this attack was precisely Li Xin. This attack was one that combined light and fire, the Rose Unicorn’s skill with hers, [Heavenly Dance of Light and Flame].
A dark blue light silently appeared at this precise moment, aiming right in between the gap of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s “two blades”.
“Pu chi.”
The blue light penetrated its head and exited out from the back.
Lin Jia Lu kept ahold of her magical staff; her face had become pale. This [Dark Ice Needle] seemed to have exhausted all of her spiritual energy.
Long Hao Chen then heroically used the Light Sword in his hand, a golden colored aura erupted around his body. This was a Retribution Knight skill, [Heavenly Battle Array].
The golden light attack aimed at the gap between the two “blades” of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon. Having retrieved the Radiant Shield, he also used it to strike above its chest, and pushed it back.
A white-colored healing light was once again shining onto Long Hao Chen’s body; Hao Yue had already appeared beside Long Hao Chen and the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon. A red-colored ring of light appeared on Little Flame’s forehead, [Resisting Ring of Fire], simultaneously affecting the bodies of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon and Long Hao Chen.
The Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon had only been pushed back one meter, but Long Hao Chen, whose wounds were not light, had been pushed back five meters.
Chen Si was getting up from the ground, standing beside Long Hao Chen with his heavy shield.
The Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s body became stiff, standing there, but unceasingly shaking. As a powerful mutated magical beast of the fifth step, it had an incredible endurance which made it extremely hard to defeat. Even if the two Flame Swords had completely pierced him, they would not have taken its life. However, the [Dark Ice Needle] of Lin Jia Lu dealt the final blow.
When Long Hao Chen obstructed the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s second attack, Lin Jia Lu’s [Dark Ice Needle] was already prepared. She used the [Delayed Cast] skill, waiting for the opportunity. She had a single chance to strike, so if she could not hit the target at the crucial time, she would have wasted her attack.
After Li Xin inflicted serious damage to the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon, the opportunity had finally arrived and the [Dark Ice Needle] pierced its brain. Even if the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s body was incredibly robust, it could not possibly survive this.
Thud–
Just like a mountain of gold, the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon fell on the ground, its body repeatedly twitching with a dark-green-colored blood unceasingly flowing out of its wound.
Breathing heavily, Long Hao Chen used the Light Sword to support his own body. Despite the fact that Little Light had healed him twice using [Curing Light], he had taken all of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s attacks. An intense pain was filling all his body, and he had even internal injuries.
After he murmured a long spell incantation, gold-colored ripples of light appeared on his body and a golden cross appeared at the top of his head. It was [Holy Mantle], a fourth step Guardian Knight skill.
In the previous battle, Long Hao Chen had not used this ability because the attack power of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon was just too violent.
A rich divine aura entered his unsteadily shaking body, arousing LHC’s internal spiritual energy as a scorching hot feeling filled it completely.
Lin Jia Lu looked at Long Hao Chen as if she was looking at a monster and asked: “You still have the internal spiritual energy left to use [Holy Mantle]? Really, how much spiritual energy do you have?” From her point of view, after he used so many skills, there should be practically no spiritual energy left in him even if his spiritual energy was 2000, the amount Earth Knights had. However, seeing Long Hao Chen’s strength, it was obvious that he had not reached the step of Earth Knight yet.
Long Hao Chen smiled reluctantly and told her: “I have a method to consume less spiritual energy when using skills.” Of course, he did not reveal his secret that related to his physique of Scion of Light.
With Li Xin and Chen Chen approaching, the five of them were gathered. Looking at each other in dismay, they showed expressions of fear.
To them, this was the calm after the storm. Anyone could see that, among the five of the group, the only one who sustained injuries was Long Hao Chen. But what if he did not have his Saint Spiritual Stove? Except for Long Hao Chen who could use [Divine Obstruction], who among them could resist the attacks of this Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon? Even Li Xin’s Rose Unicorn could not resist these attacks!
Chen Chen was usually less social, therefore his elder brother, Chen Si, was the one who generally took the initiative. However, this time, he was the one who extended his hand to Long Hao Chen, “Take it.”
Long Hao Chen showed a faint smile. With the warm feeling caused by [Holy Mantle], he felt a lot better, but he would need at least three days to recover his full strength.
“Let’s leave first before talking. Sis, take big sis Lin, we should hurry.” Thinking of the possible dangers, they could not stay here any longer.
“Hao Yue, what are you doing?” Long Hao Chen just remembered Hao Yue and called for him, but discovered that he was lying near the body of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon, his two heads pushing against the head of the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon and tearing its shell apart. From time to time, he would use some fire or light control magic.
“Pa.” Hao Yue’s right claw violently slapped the Dark Green Dual Bladed Demon’s head from the side, and simultaneously, a crystal clear green thing suddenly fell out.
Little Light grasped it in his mouth and, without any hesitation, swallowed it.
, 
