The first chapter outside the door disciple night, full moon hanging, starry little.But between the stars, there are nine colors of Leiguang lingering around, especially dazzling."There is a vision, and there will be a coming of a god."On the mainland of Kyushu, on the edge of the imperial city, an old man in gold dress stood with his hands and looked up at the night sky.Behind him, there are tens of thousands of imperial masters who are neatly on the ground. They seem to be waiting for orders.Suddenly, Lei Guang condensed and turned into a nine-colored god mine. He fell from the nine-star Galaxy.Suddenly, the night turned white, and the thunder had not yet fallen. The earth had begun to rumble, and it shook violently.But when that nine-coloured god, a contact with the mainland, did not cause terrible destruction, it disappeared out of thin air.At the same time, the earth was once again enveloped in the night. Bend's night sky was also bleak, as if some essence had been removed and the calm of the past was restored.But at the moment, the old man's eyes are unusually bright, and even the excited body is trembling. The point where his finger is thunder: "In Qingzhou, all the sons who come tonight will bring me back to the imperial city!"The thunderous answer rang through the sky. Tens of thousands of imperial masters went to Qingzhou, vowing to find a god for the dynasty.The time has passed and it has already passed five years. Although people still remember the terrifying scene of the year, no one knew what the dynasty did.In the mainland of Kyushu and Qingzhou, Zongmen is standing and Qinglong Zong is one of them.Today, once again, Qinglongzong visited the disciples once a year. There were huge crowds of people outside the Qinglong Emperor.However, at this time, the most busy is the disciple of the outer door. All the receptions of the sect gates are all on their heads.The disciples outside the door are a thankless job. First of all, they do not say that they are in low status. Even outsiders look down on them.The reason is very simple. Those outside the door disciples show that the qualifications are extremely poor and that they have too little success for life. Naturally, they are despised."Hey, what do you think, do you know who I am?" A beautifully dressed woman, carrying a boy, yelled at a teenager."I'm sorry, it's late, and the goalkeeper is going to close. The two will come again tomorrow." The youthful face is still tender, but there is a touch of British air between the brows.He is named Chu Feng and is 15 years old this year. He is one of the tens of thousands of outside disciples in Qinglong.However, as a foreign disciple, this Chufeng is different from others. He does not have inferior inferiority, and he does not suffer from self-willed depravity. He treats everyone with fear and calmness."When you come back tomorrow, do you think I am an idiot? Where do you live with our mother and son?"You must give me a place to stay, or I'll go to your elders' theory." The woman grabbed Chu Feng's clothes.“Chu Fengdi, is it in trouble?” At this moment, a sweet voice suddenly sounded.Looking forward, a young purple-haired girl is striding forward. Although she smiles at her mouth, her sharp eyes are tightly staring at the woman.When she saw the girl, the woman face suddenly changed, and a strong sense of fear emerged.Not because of anything else, but because of the purple robe on the girl's body, that is the sign of the inner disciple.The woman screamed badly. I thought that her identity could make it difficult for her youth.Which ever thought that this little-looking boy actually had an inner-door disciple doing the backstage, but that she couldn't afford to live."It's okay. I just told this little brother and asked some things." The woman explained with a smile.The girl first glanced at her and then said only one word: "Roll."At this moment, the woman's body could not help but a tremble, his face has become very strong.However, she did not hesitate. He took the boy and hurried away. In a panic, he actually fell a staggering head and was extremely embarrassed.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng shook his head helplessly, and then to the young lady beside him, said: "I would like to thank the sister of Chu Yue.""You're welcome with me, let's be a family." Chu Yue was unhappy.She said yes, Chu Feng and she are indeed a family, they are from the same family, the Chu family.This Chuyue is the cousin of Chu Feng Er-Bo, only one year older than Chu Feng.However, Chu Yue had passed the internal assessment three years ago and became an inner-door disciple. Today, he is already a master of Lingwu's four-fold."Strict rules must always be followed." Chu Feng smiled brilliantly."Ye" However, looking at such Chu Feng, Chu Yue is a sour heart: "Chu Fengdi, this year's internal assessment you still do not participate in it? Do you have not yet reached the three-Empower?"Chu Feng did not answer, his face was still smiling, no one knew what he meant.Upon seeing this, Chu Yue took a tip from her waist and put it in the hands of Chu Feng: “Refining it may help you break through the triple.”Chu Feng opened the kit and suddenly an outburst of aura emerged. A size of a finger, crystal clear translucent fairy grass is lying there."Chu Yue sister, this is too expensive, I can not." Chu Feng rushed back to the month of Chu.The fairy spirit grass is a remedy for the Holy Wuxi medicine, which is extremely precious. It has endless effects on the martial arts inside the Lingwu territory.The Chu family subsidizes each one of them a year, in order to allow them to quickly upgrade.Want to come to Chuyue this family, but also the family subsidy, but Chuyue did not enjoy, but to him, which makes Chu Feng touched, but could not bear to accept."I said to you, you just took it, isn't my younger brother." Chuyue was unhappy."Well, when did Chu Yuejie be so generous?“You see, I am also your younger brother. Just recently, I’m going to break through the four levels of Lingwu. Why wouldn’t Chuyue Sister send me the Faeries?”A young boy of similar age to Chu Feng came over and wore the dress of his inner disciple.He called Chu Zhen, who also came from the Chu family. He joined Qingfeng with Chu Feng five years ago. Only two years ago, he had become an inner-door disciple."Chu Zhen, you have already broken through the three arms of Lingwu and succeeded in aggregating the spirit. Even if there is no such spirit, it can be swept up.""Chu Fengfeng has yet to condense aura. This fairy spirit grass is even more important to him." Chu Yue put fairy spirit grass into the hands of Chu Feng forcibly."Yeah, you're right, but unfortunately he doesn't receive your feelings." Chu Zhen spread his hands and sneered.“Who said I don’t want to.” However, Chu Feng smiled a bit, and he unkindly put the faerie grass into his arms. Then he said, “Chu Yuejie, I’ll borrow it from you. Will double back.""Ah, good." See Chu Feng accept, Chu Yue is overjoyed, but just casually under, did not think Chu Feng still her."What are you still returning? This Fascinating Grass is for you to use. It is simply a waste." But if Chu really looks, it will be hard to read.Chu Feng smiled and ignored him, but said to Chu Yue: "Chu Yuejie, I will participate in this year's internal assessment.""Well, it depends on you? If you can pass the internal assessment, this year's family subsidy of the fairy spirits, I will send you." Chu really looked down upon Chu Feng."Is this true?" Chu Feng did not believe it."Chu Yue sister testified, but if you can not pass it?""Then I will return to you this year, Falun Grass." Chu Feng left this sentence and continued to devote himself to the work of his disciples."Chu Zhen, we are all a family. Why are you always difficult to find everywhere?" Chu Yue looked at Chu Zhen."You should know that you are the family? You Chu Chuyue, Chu Feng is not my Chu family at all.""After entering Sungmun for five years, we could not pass the internal assessment. This is simply the shame of my Chu family.""The entire Chu family, which like him? Also you are so good to him, even to his own use of fairy spirits." Chu really puzzled."You are really stubborn." Chu Yue was a little angry and after taking a glance at him, he walked away.In fact, Chu really stood and smiled. He was very happy. Although Chuyue's fairy spirits didn't get him, he knew that this year's Chufengling was definitely his.At night, the place where the outside disciple rested was dark.On a busy day, everyone was exhausted and early to sleep, only Chu Feng's room was lit.He sat in the bedside and took out the fairy grass from Chuyue. He whispered: "I hope this fairy spirit can feed you."Afterwards, Chu Feng closed his eyes and sandwiched the fairy spirits between his palms and squeezed out a strange method.At this moment, the aura in the fairy spirits began to flow along the palm of Chu Feng and flow into the body, eventually gathering in the Dantian.At the same time, Chu Tian’s Dantian heard a chewing voice as if something was eating.If it is through the skin, it can be found that Chufeng's deep in the pubic region was actually carrying a thunderbolt.This group of lightning is divided into nine colors, each color is like a Thunder monster, exudes a terrible atmosphere that does not belong to this piece of heaven and earth.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!