The hundred and fourth chapter of the cold and innocent test of this one out, not to mention the cold family ancestors, even Chu Feng is also very surprised.The art of enchantment, that is the means of the spiritual psychiatrist. If it is the strange wall at the moment, it is really the art of enchantment. That is to say, at the moment there is a spiritual psychic who is helping them."Yong Tong" suddenly, cold and guilty on the ground, actually began to make a continuous gimmick.While prying hard, he beg for mercy: "Master and guilty are not mistaken. Please give him a chance to be guilty and he will not dare to be innocent next time."The cold, innocent move made people overwhelmed, and at that moment, the old voice sounded again:"If you know that you shouldn't do this, but you do it, you don't put me in the eye."A figure that appeared ghostly outside the enchantment was really silent, as if he had stood there from the beginning, but it had not been noticed.After seeing this person, Chu Feng and others were all shocked because they knew either Chu Feng or Su Rou or they were not guilty.The white robe was engraved with spells, covering the whole body, and only a pair of deep eyes could be seen. This was the Qing emperor Che Qingqing, Zhuge Liuyun."Elder Zhuge!" Su Ling took the lead."What? He is Elder Zhuge?"Chu Feng was secretly frightened because he had already recognized this person. That was the original spiritual psychiatrist in the cemetery of the old man.However, Chu Feng never imagined that the spiritual psychic would be the spiritual psychic of the Qing Longzong. The elders of Zhuge who did not even dare to offend the Sovereign."Master, I really got it wrong. Please give me a chance."The cold and innocent people are constantly asking for mercy, his face is full of fear, and his head is the bloodshed of his head. Because he really knows this old man too much, this means is more than a few times more than he is."I gave you an opportunity, but you didn't hold it. If you did what I said, I will formally receive you as a disciple today, teaching you the art of enchantment.""But unfortunately, you eventually failed my test and chose the way I did not want you to go.""Actually, I have given you enough warnings to tell you not to use Chu Feng again, but you are dull. You didn't think of it until I showed up. The man who secretly protected Chu Feng would actually be. I."Speaking of this, elders of Zhuge hold the palm of his hand and block the cold and innocent enchantment, which accelerates the speed of contraction.Faced with this situation, the cold family ancestors began to desperately attack, but it still has no effect.After seeing Zhuge Liuyun insisting on taking his own life, that cold and innocence is no longer asking for mercy. Instead, he stood up and pointed to Zhuge Liuyun and began cursing loudly:"Zhuge flow cloud, I'm cold and guilty for a full three years with you, loyal to work for you, without complaint, you now want to kill me for such a kid.""You still have no heart. You are worse than a pig dog. You are a cold-blooded monster!"However, no matter how innocuous and insulting, Zhuge flow cloud has not moved a little.Until that enchantment, after squeezing the duo into two bloody waters, he waved his arm around the bloody enchantment to the front.At this moment, a strange scene took place. The envelopment of the cold and innocent ancestors and the body of the ancestors of the cold family was actually incorporated into the body of Zhuge Liuyun.This scene, let Chu Feng shocked, because that is the flesh and blood of two people, how could it be swallowed by Zhuge Liuyun, and did not leave a trace.Could it not be under the white robe that it really wasn't a person, and if it was cold and innocent, was it a monster?Mo is said to be Chu Feng, and Su Rou is also an eyebrow wrinkle, and his heart has a touch of fright.Not to mention the strange trick of Zhuge Liuyun. He could only be guilty of the cold and innocent person who had been loyal to him for three years. It can be seen that Zhuge Liuyun is a decisive and defiant person."Elder Elder Soo, trouble you to avoid, I have something to chat with Chu Feng Xiaoyou alone."Zhuge Liuyun was extremely gentle in his tone and sentiment, and his emotions were not affected at all. It was as if he had swallowed cold guilty. He just did a normal thing.At this moment, Su Rou was hesitant, but after thinking about it, he left.Although this Zhuge Liuyun is very dangerous, but since it can do this step for Chu Feng, most will not be difficult Chu Feng, think of the special nature of Chu Feng, she can also think of Zhuge Liuyun to find what is the matter."Elders Zhuge, the disciples of that day do not know your identity, there is the proceeds of the crime, but also forgiveness of the elders of Zhuge." Chu Feng rushed to admit the mistake of the day."Haha, Chu Feng Xiaoyou, you don't have to hang your heart on the day. If I were to pursue it, you wouldn't live today.""Actually, I came to you today and I wanted to accept you as a disciple." Zhuge said with a smile and said that it was also direct.“What are you talking about?” At this moment, Chu Feng was surprised to open his mouth and felt so incredible.Spiritual division, Chu Feng is now a certain understanding, is a group of people with special abilities.For example, the technique of enchantment is known as the strongest defensive measure, especially when he personally witnesses the power of that enchantment, and even more wants to grasp such means.The main thing is that the spiritual gurus are regarded as guests by all forces and will be invited with high rewards. As long as they become the spiritual psychiatrist, they also mean that Chu Feng no longer needs to worry about cultivation resources.However, at the moment, this spiritual psychiatrist actually wants to accept himself as a disciple. Happiness has come so suddenly that there is a kind of confession that Chu Feng has had, and when he drops the pie from the sky, he is illusioned."You shouldn't be too happy to be too early. You want to be a disciple of Zhuge Liuyun. You have to pass my test." Zhuge said with a smile.“Yes, the disciple is willing to accept whatever the test is.” Chu Feng squatted to the ground and decided to salute the teacher.Looking at such a clever Chu Feng, Zhuge Liuyun nodded with satisfaction. He took out a simple book from Qiankun bags and handed it to Chu Feng:"This is the cultivation method of the technique of enchantment. If you can initially grasp the power of enchantment within a month, I will accept you as a disciple.""I would like to thank Master." Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was even more overjoyed. He quickly took over the ancient book."It's too early to be happy. In a month's time, if I don't guide you, you can comprehend one-tenth of them. It's not bad.""Remember, if one month later, you cannot comprehend this one-tenth, I will not only accept you as a disciple. I will also kill you."“Haha.....” After this sentence, Elder Zhuge disappeared in the strange laughter.In Chu Feng's heart, he was mad at cold air, because he could tell that what Zhuge Liuyun said was not a joke tone.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!