Chapter 108 The two monsters (Gaga 58) "Look at what to see. It's so young at a young age. Have you grown up yet?" The beautiful girl moved and cast a contemptuous look."You are wrong, this is not called, but is called appreciation." Chu Feng wiped a mouth, this discovery, he actually did not live up to the saliva out of saliva."Cut, there are still a lot of reasons." The girl looked at Chu Feng once again, and then the mouth was slightly upturned, bursting out with a very sweet smile."Wow, it feels good to be free."The young girl was very happy. He first opened her arms and turned a circle in her place. Then she began to run around in this spiritual space.It's like a fun kid, but in reality it's more like a bird that has gained freedom."This girl, I do not know how to call it?" Chu Feng asked."What girl? Call me the Queen!" the girl corrected."Queen Master? Obviously a little girl, tell me what you call, or I'll call you eggs." Chu Feng smirked."Get out of the way, you're the egg, your family is the egg!" The girl spits out a small tongue to Chu Feng and starts a grimace. It's called a naughty one.If it wasn’t because she was in her spiritual world for fifteen years and she had mature wisdom fifteen years ago, Chu Feng was really skeptical. This was a kid."Hey, egg, be honest with people, should you tell me the spell that condenses the power of enchantment?""I am not a person. Can I not speak of integrity?""You ...." Chu Feng was speechless. He had seen shamelessly, but he rarely saw him shamelessly. He could not think of losing to a girl today."Haha, well, although I'm not human, but I'm honest about it. Well, if you promise me, then call me Queen, I'll tell you that spell."“Queen!” cried Chu Feng decisively."I'm going to go, you really have no festivals." The girl looked at Chu Feng and read a sentence that Chu Feng could not understand at all.When her voice just fell, Chu Feng could feel that in this spiritual space, there were countless strange transparent gases that began to swirl around the girl."Go" suddenly, the young girl will hand Chu Feng, those gas will be poured into the body of Chu Feng.“The power of enchantment?” Chu Feng discovered at this moment that these strange transparent gases were the power of enchantment.“This spell is only useful if I read it, but as long as I am there, the power of enchantment here will be used by you.” After the power of enchantment was introduced into the body of Chu Feng, the girl smiled proudly.“The Queen’s adult is really powerful. You said that you can help me win Gong Luyun. I don’t know how to help me?” Chu Feng asked with a smile."Of course it can help you. You only need to be a qualified spiritual master and you will be treated as a guest. You will benefit from countless people.""Although I don't know what you guys are in Dantian, what a hell it really is, but that thing can really help you quickly refine the elixir. With it, your cultivation speed will be very fast.""Well, if you want to let people serve you as guests, you must work for others, so all you have to do is to become a qualified spiritual master," explained the girl."Qualified realmist? What is a qualified realist?" asked Chu Feng."For most people, as long as they can use the power of enchantment, set up an enchantment system, and defend against a large array, they are considered spiritual divisions. But in reality, it is not a boundary spiritual division.""A qualified spiritual master not only needs to master the strongest defense methods, but also must master the strongest means of attack, use enchantment for defense, and use the spirit of attack. This is the real spiritual division."After listening to the girl's words, Chu Feng was excited and finally knew the role of this young girl. This was simply a tutor who taught him how to become a spiritual master."In the enchantment I know, what is the real spirit?" Chu Feng asked excitedly."The force of enchantment is the energy from the spiritual world. It is like the aura, the Yuanli, and the Xuanli from the human world.""And the realm of the realm is the living creature from the spiritual world. It has strong power and can be attached to your body.""That is to say, if there is a realm of black-blooded territory that is willing to serve you, even if you are energetic now, but when it is attached to you behind, you are a master of Xuanwujing." The girl explained."So powerful, then what can I do to communicate with the community? The spirit is also in this spiritual space?" Chu Feng began to look west, looking for the shadow of the spiritual figure."Of course not. The spiritual world lives in the spiritual world. With your current spiritual power, it cannot communicate with it.""Not to mention you, even if that shit elders, I am afraid it can not let the spirit of the spirit for him, in fact, he is not even a real spiritual division." Teenage defiant Road."What? Even Elder Zhuge, can not do it?" Chu Feng is somewhat silent, the spiritual power of Zhuge elders is certainly much stronger than him, if the elders can not do Zhuge, then his hope is even more paralyzed."You don't lose heart either. Someone gave you a big gift, grabbed at least two worlds and was locked up in your enchantment space." The young girl suddenly laughed."Really, where is the spirit?" Chu Feng understood the meaning of the girl. It was certainly his family and he was ready for him."For the time being there are two divisions, one very powerful and the other very weak, but no one will do it for you, so I want to know, what are you interested in right now?" Chu Feng."First talk about the weak one." Chu Feng thought for a moment, think that it is more appropriate to control the weak."The weak one is behind that gate." The young girl, with her fingers in her hands, was the door of the horror breath.“Originally, there was a spirit in the area?” Chu Feng couldn't help but swallow. Although he hadn’t seen the so-called boundary spirit, he also knew that the spirit inside would be terrifying."Yes, otherwise what do you think is there? It's a very violent world and it will never work for you.""And to say that it is weak, it is only relative to you. If you let him out, your spiritual power cannot bind it at all.""It will occupy your body, use your body as a medium, survive in the human world, and with its temper, I am afraid that you, the Kyushu continent, will be destroyed by it.""Is it so powerful? My body is actually locked up with such a horrible monster!" Chu Feng surprised, but more and more feel that his family is amazing.Not only did the unfathomable madman force half-fungishly silly minds, but he also put a monster that could destroy Kyushu's mainland in his body. This was too much.However, at this time, Chu Feng suddenly remembered that the girl said that it could only destroy the monsters of the Kyushu continent, but it was a very weak one, which means that there was a more terrible monster.Thought of this, Chu Feng couldn't help but feel the cold sweats and chills, he looked nervously, but he found that there was no place to be able to hold monsters other than the gate."The other one? Where is the other very powerful?" Chu Feng asked nervously.“Oh,” asked Chu Feng, and the girl was surprised to smile, then pointed to herself and said, “That's terrible, it has been released by you!”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!