In Chapter 107, after uncovering the seal (Gan 57), after learning of all this, Chu Feng’s inexplicable warmth in the heart, because he knew that his family did not care about him, but he had already done it for him. Solid foundation.He felt that there was a reason why his family abandoned him. He must know this reason. He must find his family and find his parents to know what happened."Hey, hey, what do you think? You're not going to put the Queen out." See Chu Feng in a meditation, then the black egg shouted."I say you are underestimating my IQ, or overestimating your IQ? You resent so much, I let you out, I'm looking for death?"Chu Feng looked at it and ignored it. Instead, he sat down and began to sort out his thoughts in the brain. He wanted to communicate the power of enchantment."Hey, Chu Feng, you stink, even dare to ignore the Queen.""Trick or treat, want to communicate the power of enchantment, this Queen can teach you.""You still don't want to win Gong Luyun. The queen can help you! Hey!" The black egg began to shake violently. It seemed to be afraid that Chu Feng ignored her."Can you really help me communicate the power of enchantment?"Chu Feng looked at it doubtfully, not that he wanted to opportunistic, but he just tried it, and this is to know that even if the construction of the enchantment space, it is difficult to communicate the power of enchantment."Of course. Can you be a queen when you are a queen?""The power of enchantment is now within this enchantment space, but it is not for your use."“If you use mental power to communicate, you have to explore it little by little and realize it little by little. It will take at least a few days for you to communicate to a little bit of energetic power.”"But I have a spell. If you use this spell, you can use the power of enchantment for your use.""Of course, how many energies can be used depends on your own strength, because the strength of enchantment is equal to the strength of your spiritual power," explains Black Egg."The spell? It won't be the spell that lets me unlock the seal for you?" Chu Feng did not believe what the black egg said."Hey, hey, what are you afraid of? This is your spiritual world. Everything is up to you. Can I not harm you at all?"“What I told you was that I was sealed. Not only was the body confined by this odious thing, my cultivation was also constrained, and my strength is far behind you.”"Otherwise, how could I ask you to help me untie the seal? I have already shattered this broken thing." The black egg was a little angry.When Chu Feng thought of thinking about black eggs, he felt that it was not justified. Then he asked, "You speak out the spell and listen. I'll try and do it.""I see you, you want to empty gloves, white wolf!" The dark egg heard contempt."Then what would you do to be willing to tell me the spell?""It's very simple. Help Queen Queen open this seal.""Hey! You are still not a man. How are you so timid? The Queen has said that my cultivation is sealed. It can't hurt you. What's more, this is your spiritual world.""Less flicker of me. This space is very strange and it is not controlled by me. How can I not use the power of enchantment? Do we still need to communicate?""Fool idiot stupid, this Queen swears to heaven, it will not harm you. I'm actually very kind.""I just heard someone say just now. It's best not to let her know who sealed her here. Otherwise, the person would have to pay a price.""It is for him to pay the price, but is it not his life? If you were changed, you were locked in a place for fifteen years, and you did not eat or drink. There was not even a person who spoke to you. You would Are you not angry?"In fifteen years, although you were not less affected by the Chu family, you were not less annoyed. But at least there are people who can breathe you. Me? I couldn't find popularity.""I'll wait for you here with all my heart and soul, but it's not easy to come in. I don't want to let me out. You're a super-invincible bastard..." Here, among the black eggs, it's actually Crying sound came.Such a sweet voice, crying so sad, it is really unbearable, especially after hearing her words, Chu Feng's heart is not help but softened.After careful consideration, Chu Feng felt that what she said was not unreasonable. Then she asked, "How can I help you unlock the seal?""You can't untie the seal in my body, but you can help me break this thing, at least let me be free in your spiritual world.""As for the method of opening, it is very simple. Just use your strength and punch hard.""Really simple?" Chu Feng was suspicious."It's that simple, don't believe you try it." Among the black eggs, came the spoiled voice."Well then, you'll retreat back, lest I punch you with a punch."Chu Feng walked to the black egg, first with a mental force to check it, found that the black egg is very strange, he has been unable to penetrate.After biting his teeth, Chu Feng slammed a fist and only heard a bang. Then the black egg appeared a concave punch, and numerous small cracks emerged and began to spread outward."咔咔咔咔咔...."The fissures spread rapidly and kept sending crisp sounds. This strange black egg was actually broken by Chu Feng's boxing and began to break off.In the end, the huge black egg actually split into two halves and scattered, and at the same time, a beautiful shadow appeared in front of Chu Feng.This is a young girl. The white skin is better than the winter snow. But within the skin, there is a red luster that makes people look at it. Then they know how smooth the skin is, and people can't help but want to touch it.But now, the most attractive to Chu Feng is this woman's face. The face of the goose egg on the sign is a pair of watery eyes. In the black pupil, it seems that there is a star river, which is profound and attractive.Underneath the Beauties is the exquisite nose of Joan. Under Joan's nose, it is a pink mouth, with slightly raised lips, beautiful and attractive, and extremely sexy.A pair of dark hair scattered on the snowy shoulder, very attractive, this woman's body is also called perfect, convex, very plump.Her skirt is also very characteristic, is made of black feathers, I do not know what is the feather, in short, beautiful.In particular, this black dress is very short, with a white and fragrant shoulder, and white and white legs, alternating between black and white. Like a fairy, the beauty is suffocating.The United States is really beautiful. It is just that Chu Feng has seen the most beautiful women ever since she lived.If you say that the sisters of the Soviet Union, Suo Moonsu and the United States spent their time in the country, it was an outcast, but the beauty of this young woman can definitely confuse people.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!