Chapter 109 I was really shocked. Chu Feng was shocked. "Hey," he jumped backward for a few meters.After being separated from the girl, Chu Feng once again observed the girl's cultivation as a spiritual force, but found that the girl's breath was ordinary and not like the person who repaired Wu.However, he still dared not have the slightest effect. Don’t look at this young girl's beautiful face and harmless people and animals. However, she is not a human being, but a realm of spirit who can spend 15 years in the spiritual world of Chufeng. , Do not eat or drink monsters that do not die, God knows what she means.“Haha, I'm so terrible?” Seeing the look of Chu Feng’s fear, the girl’s jade hand clenched and giggled."You are playing with me?" Looking at the laughing girl who leaned forward and fell back, Chu Feng was full of the black line of his head and felt that he might be fooled.“I don’t like what you do when I play with you. I’m telling you it’s best not to mess with the Queen, or the Queen’s adult eats you.”Suddenly, Chu Feng was staturely vertical, and actually came to the girl behind him like a bolt of lightning. His hands suddenly leaned out, seizing on the girl's wrists, putting her hands behind her back, and then pressing the girl on the ground."Oh, what do you want to do? Let me go!"The girl was anxious and struggled while screaming, but her strength was almost insignificant to Chu Feng and it had no effect."You smelly eggs, really deceived me." See the girl really did not repair, Chu Feng that nervous mood finally settled down."Trick or treat, let go of me, or the queen can't spare you.""Oh, dare to resist, do not give you some lessons, you really do not know who is the owner here!" Chu Feng on a whim, raised his hand to the girl that plump buttocks shot in the past."Ah~~~~~~" However, Chu Feng's hand had just fallen and he screamed in a terrifying scream.Originally, Chu Feng just wanted to teach a little girl to take a picture on her hips, but one did not control it well and the result turned into a catch.This does not matter, this feel is called a good one, although across the black feather skirt, but Chu Feng still feels like touched the girl's smooth skin, soft and elastic, flexible and soft In the middle, with soft, it's hard to call for fire. If you want to stop, Chu Feng can't bear to let go."Trick or treat, I dare to take advantage of the queen. I'll slaughter you." The young girl was completely irritated. The white cheeks and the red apple resembled a ripe apple. The anger in both eyes surged and it was almost swift. Came out."A mistake is absolutely a mistake. I didn't mean it."After all, Chu Feng was still a young girl. When he was seen by young girls, he was also embarrassed. He opened his hand with blushing."I killed you." However, when she just let go, the young girl suddenly turned and sang with her claws. Then she rushed over to Chu Feng.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was a bit panicked. When confronted with the girl's eyes, he actually felt a dangerous atmosphere. He subconsciously shot and grabbed the girl's wrist again, and pressed the girl down again. Too fierce, like hungry tigers, the whole person pressed."Ah ~~~~~ You are a rogue. What do you want to do to me?"At this moment, the young girl burst into tears. Because she was under the pressure of Chu Feng's front, she felt a mighty foreign body be against her. The first time, she thought of what she was and was afraid that Chu Feng would make herself. What a bad thing, he had to show his poor and weak."Er....sorry, natural reaction."Chu Feng also reacted and knew that he was inadvertently doing a shameless thing and hurriedly removed from the girl's body. However, his hands still cling to the girl and he was afraid that she would fight back."No one has ever dared to treat this queen. You are dead." Chu Feng had just moved away, and the young girl would roar up. It was clear that Chu Feng really met her bottom line."Oh, you're so fierce and fierce, you just have a good face and you dare to threaten me. Do you believe you dare to threaten me again? I'll take you down right now."Chu Feng threatened to threaten to say that, in fact, Chu Feng at this moment did not dare to look at the girl. Because he had been just one of those things, Chu Feng was actually *destroyed, and he was out of control.If you do not worry about the other side of the non-human, men and women, what will affect their own bad influence, Chu Feng may indeed be, will be the girl under pressure, feel the wonderful taste of a woman."If you dare, if you dare to do that kind of thing to me, I will blew the body and die with you." The girl gnaws his teeth, and the beauty is full of firm resolve."I'm kidding. You should know me. I'm Chufeng not the kind of person."Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was also guilty. Although the girl did not have any cultivation, he felt that the girl was not joking, so she had to let go of the girl.“Amu” and just then, the young girl actually grabbed Chu Feng’s arm and bit it.Seeing this scene, Chu Feng wanted to shout because he looked at the posture of the girl and would absolutely bite off a piece of his flesh, but when the girl went down, Chu Feng was completely relieved.The young girl did not cultivate herself, and Chu Feng said that Lai was also a magnanimous magnate, and that because of Shen Lei’s fate of boarding the pubic field, his aura was extremely strong and permeated through his entire body, making his body into a reinforced iron skeleton, this young girl’s mouth, Chu Feng When it really is superficial, there is no perception."Ah, you fucking, your arm is not made of iron!" Sure enough, after a sip, the girl burst into tears with her red lips, because she not only did not bite Chu Feng, but instead made pain in her own teeth. .I do not know why, looking at the eyes of the young girl emerged crystal tears, Chu Feng's heart was actually sorrow, the same needle hurt, this is the first time there is a girl feeling."Well, I'm not wrong yet, who told you to lie to me!"Although I do not know where this feeling comes from, but Chu Feng did not want this girl to cry, so quickly confessed to apologize, like picking up children like picking up girls.It's strange to say that even though the girl claims to be a queen, she really looks like she is deeply involved in the world. But she really likes a child, and Chu Feng said a few soft words."You're such a bad guy. I'm really deceiving you. I'm really terrible. It's just that my repairs are sealed." The girl was so angry that she didn't want Chu Feng to believe her."Then you know how to unlock your seal?" Chu Feng frowned and worried."I don't know." The girl shook her head."That's good." Chu Feng was relieved."You're this quail egg." The girl yelled and rushed over to Chu Feng again.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!