The hundred and first chapter is not good. "I really don't know Chu Feng's boy. Where the blessing was repaired, she actually climbed up with Miss Su Lu. She could help Miss Su Lu secretly help him, and she wouldn't even let me wait." It was revealed that she was helping."The general's face emerged with admiration, thinking of Su Luna's sweet face, perfect figure, extraordinary talent, and deaf background. It was simply the goddess that countless people wanted to climb into relationships."They are quite normal with Qinglong Zong. Don't look at the old age of Chu Feng, but his calm and relaxed attitude is not something that the average person has. This is mostly an individual," explained Chen Hui."Even if he is a talented person, but after all, it is too young. I had previously observed his breath, but it was only a seven-point repair, so giving him a quota for a rookie congress would certainly drag me down." Generals are angry."You these words, how could you not say in front of Miss Su Lulu? The identity token of Miss Su Lu you also saw it with her own eyes. It was indeed the daughter of an adult Lord of the City. Can she let me give Chu Feng a quota for a rookie meeting? I dare not. Give it?" Chen Hui is not happy.“I am an adult in the city...I...I just think that Miss Su Lu said, to give Chu Feng a place, maybe he can help me to win the first prize in Zijin City and help me to solve the urgent needs of Zijin City, I think, Su Rou The lady really couldn't afford that Chu Feng.”"After all, the rookie conference, the rookie of the city gathered, to repair the Chu Feng, it is too weak, Mo is the first of many, it is simply to bottom." General said."I also thought about this issue. Maybe Miss Su Lu is reminding me that I want to let Zi Jincheng take this rookie conference seriously.""Because I heard that this year's rookie meeting was very special. The city that won this championship can be exempted from the tax. Although it is only a hearsay, if Miss Su Lu said so, it may be true." .“If you are an adult in the city, shouldn’t you really want to place this hope on Chu Feng?” The generals had some worries."Of course not, then Chu Feng is a personal talent, but as you said, the strength of today is still too weak. If you want to win the championship of this rookie conference, it seems that you should call back the sorry girl." In the eyes, there is a hint of thought.“Is Missy? Missy is indeed a rare genius. Now she has become a core disciple of Ling Yunzong. If she can come back, the champion of this rookie will surely win.”"Just..... Missy had left her bad mood that year. The previous year's rookie conference never returned. Will she come back this year?" The general was worried."This is different from the past, unless she can bear to see my father in distress, regardless of the situation, or he will come back this time." Speaking of this, Chen Hui could not help but closed his eyes, his mind reverberates from the year Past events.Only in one day, Chu Feng led many forces and leveled back the enemy of the past.This is not only the elimination of hidden dangers, but it is a prestige, so that everyone knows the consequences of being an enemy of the Chu family.After this incident, all the people in the entire mountain range had a brand-new view of Chufeng. This son is not only gifted, but also very instrumental. People are admired and feared, so that they can do so. The achievements of the future are simply limitless.After processing everything, the Chu family began to rebuild the town of Chuanshan. Chu Feng did not return to Qinglong, but prepared for the rookie conference in a few days.Five thousand Lingzhu has infinite attraction for Chu Feng. Especially when one thinks about the year, it is starting to count down. The desire of Chu Feng to become stronger becomes even stronger.One year later, he must win. Therefore, he must become stronger within this year. If he cannot reach the Xuanwu territory, he must also defeat the Xuanwu territory.However, now he is still only a martial arts milieu. Even if he is not reached by Yuan and Wu, he will face serious challenges.However, Chu Feng regards this as a test, as an impetus. The reason why he dares to say a year is because he still has a certain degree of certainty.Because of his special system, as long as there are enough spirits, the realm is not a problem. Therefore, for Chu Feng, what he lacks most is nothing more than cultivation of resources. Therefore, he must be crazy to get the spirit beads. Any one can get the opportunity to Lingzhu.At this moment, Chu Feng is practicing in the mountains behind the town.His atmosphere was very strong. He broke through, and he used the one thousand beads that Chen Hui gave him. He finally broke through to Lingwu Eight. According to Chu Feng’s estimation, if he can win 5,000 talents for the rookie conference, Entering the Ninth Ringo should not be a problem.However, this rookie meeting will have carefully selected geniuses from each city. Chu Feng is not 100% sure and will win the championship.Although Qingfeng Zong, who is within eighteen years old, Chu Feng is outstanding, he is not sure whether he is the strongest in this area controlled by Suzaku.In order to ensure that they can win, they must become stronger, so now Chu Feng is developing that ever-changing bow. This is the only method of strength that Chu Feng can use.Right now, among Chu Feng’s hands, he holds a golden spear. This long gun is lingering with light, as if the black iron can also be easily pierced. It is even more powerful than the Chu Feng’s weapons condensed into the Thunder’s third type. .This rifle was in Chu Feng's hands, and it was very overbearing. It was like a dragon, sweeping all directions. The momentum was like a rainbow. A shot was made. If it was a strong wind, a big tree could be penetrated far away.Variety bow, just three days, has been completely mastered by Chu Feng, and this is the terrible of Chu Feng.What is a genius, Chu Feng is a real genius. In front of him, difficult military techniques can also be realized. The only thing missing is resources.Suddenly, Chu Feng perceives that a person is approaching looming. The man intentionally hides his breath, but he is still caught by the spiritual power of Chu Feng.Someone was secretly watching him, and the breath was well hidden. The man's strength must be above Chu Feng. This made Chu Feng tense and put his sharp eyes on the forest in the distance."Sure enough, it is spiritual and very sensitive. It's no wonder that the old guy will look at you."At this moment, a strange laughter suddenly sounded in the forest. Along with that paragraph, a figure slowly entered the sight of Chu Feng.This person is not very young. He is a few years older than Chu Feng. He is very handsome and has a faint smile on his face. Although he looks easy-going, Chu Feng feels a killing in his eyes. .This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!