Chapter Ten Relieves (Addition 8) At this moment, the temple is quiet, and everyone's eyes are directed toward Chuyue."Chuyue, what did you say? This kind of thing can't be confused."Chu Wei spoke up, and his eyes contained a strong warning. His meaning was very clear, that is, let Chuyue not speak in a mess."I didn't say anything about it. When Chu Zhen and Chu Feng bet on the same day, I was there. Still, Chu Zhendi asked me to testify."However, Chu Yue was not afraid of Chu Wei, but stood beside Chu Feng, as if suggesting where she chose to stand.This time, not to mention Chu Zhen, even Chu Cheng Chu Wei, including most of the Chu family, his face is green.They couldn't think of it. The Chu Yuet Society was facing Chu Feng in such a way, and he was willing to be against the Chu family.In fact, even Chu Feng felt a little surprised. After all, Chu Yue’s move would offend many people. However, Chu Feng was more moved."Chu Zhen, do you have to rely on it?" Chu Feng continued to pressure, with Chu Yue testified, he did not believe Chu really dared to deny."I..." Chu Zhen was extremely ugly and didn't know how to answer.The family of Faeries only subsidizes one family each year. In addition to this strain, they do not have the opportunity to get such good medicine.And this year's fairy spirit just arrived, Chu really ready to rely on it to impact the four-Empower Wu, how he was willing to give people."Oh, what if this is true?""You and Chu Zhen joined the Qing Longzong. Chu Zhen entered the inner door as early as two years ago, but you were two years late.""How, it took so long to enter the inner door, and you are still not proud? After all, you still want to extort Chu Family Subsidy." Chu Cheng sneered with sophistry. As a true close friend of Chu, he naturally would not Let Chu Feng take the younger brother's allowance."You don't tell me these things, what exactly is going on with your younger brother.""If you want to quit, just say, I Chufeng can no longer pursue, but that person must personally admit that he speaks like fart, there is no credibility at all." Chu Feng is not help."You ...." The words came out, Chu incisive teeth, but dared not refute, because he really did not bother.“Haha, joke, yawning? Did I say anything about it?”"Chu real fairy grass can give you, but you have to admit in front of everyone, you are useless waste, it took five years to become a fool of the inner disciple."“Everybody said that I was right?” Chu Cheng shouted loudly."Yes, Chu Cheng's brother is right.""Yes, if you want to get the Faerie, you have to admit that you are a waste. As long as you admit it, we should use it as a reward." And Chu Chengzhen cried, the natural response to the call.Chu family members, besides Chu Yuan, Chu Yuyu and Chuyue, almost no one likes Chu Feng. They all wait to drive Chu Feng out of the Chu family.So as long as it is about Chu Feng, no matter how excessive it is, they will support it. They just want to embarrass Chu Feng."Chu Cheng, you don't arbitrarily make trouble. This is a private matter between Chu Zhen and Chu Feng. You are not qualified to intervene." Chu Yue reprimanded."We are not qualified, you are qualified? As Chu really sister, but to an outsider, you still deserve to be a Chu family it?" Chu into a wicked counter bite."I don't have the right thing about Chuyue. Not to mention that Chu Feng's younger brother is not an outsider. He is also my Chu family.""He is not the Chu family. You know it. But I can tell you that Chu really is your younger brother.""You are quite unreasonable." The body of Chuyue was shivering.Just then, Chu Feng's palm rested on the shoulders of Chu Yue and took it behind him.Chu Feng at the moment still has an indifferent smile on his face, but his eyes have become fierce, a touch of truth:"I only asked one, this fairy spirit, you give it or not.""Oh, Chu Feng, you don't say we can't do it for you. It's just that you really don't have the qualification to take Chu really."“Well, I'll give you a chance. You and Chuzhen learn something about it. As long as you can win Chuzhen, it means that you are qualified to take away this fairy spirit.”"Chu Yue, you don't say I'm not reasonable, I'll take out my Faerie Grass now. As long as Chu Feng can win, it's all his." In the interlocution, Chu Cheng will be his fairy On the table.At the same time, Chu Cheng made a record of Chu Chuzheng. Chu really had the idea to put his fairy spirits on the table."Chu Zhen, you have been in the inner door for two years and have practiced two types of martial arts.""Chu Feng but has just entered the inner door, you do not feel shameless with him to discuss it? You simply can not afford to lose." Chuyue still feel bad for Chu Feng."Shut up, there is no part of your speech here." Chu Cheng pointed to Chuyue, full of threats, and then looked up to see Chu Feng:"However, if you lose, you must give up your fairy spirits. Do you dare?"At this moment, everyone's eyes are staring at Chu Feng. They are waiting for Chu Feng's answer.If Chu Feng refuses, they can insult Chu Feng as a widower. If Chu Feng agrees, Chu Zhen will be able to teach Chu Feng a lesson more.In any case, Chu Feng has been caught in the Jedi, and they just want to see how Chu Feng was ugly."Why not dare." Chu Feng smiled indifferently and calmly."Well, there is courage, but in advance to speak well, fists without eyes, if who was injured, but do not complain." Chu Cheng laughed more and more despicable."Don't talk nonsense. You have to fight." Chu Feng shot his own fairy grass on the table and then walked toward the center of the hall."Chu Fengdi ..." Chu Yue pulled Chu Feng, flashing eyes, advised Chu Feng not to try with Chu Zhen.However, Chu Feng smiled and pushed away the hand of Chu Yue, saying only one sentence: "Trust me."Upon seeing this, Chuyue couldn't help but wonder why she had an illusion, as if Chufeng really had the certainty of winning.Chu Feng and Chu Zhen went to the center of the hall. All of them surrounded it and did not want to miss Chu Feng's abuse."Chu Feng, I think you really want to lose money."Long time undisciplined Chu Zhen, at the moment his face finally emerged with a smile, but he laughed very gloomy.Previously forced by Chu Feng, he was extremely displeased. At the moment, he not only had the opportunity to teach Chu Feng, but naturally he did not stay.“Hehe” Chu Feng smiled a little and then said: “This sentence is exactly what I want to say to you.”"If you don't speak up, I will let you know today. How weak are you?"Chu Zhen left his left foot suddenly stepped forward, only to hear a bang, the whole person is running galloping.His arms danced and his fists fluttered. His body was filled with a breath of breath. Like a wild animal, he forced himself to Chu Feng.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!