Chapter 102 There are helpers, "Who are you?" For the man in front of him, Chu Feng is prepared to take precautions."You don't have to be so nervous. Speaking of my identity, you should also call me a brother. As for my name, it's cold and innocent." Smiling cold and innocent."You're cold and innocent? There don't seem to be a holiday between us. Do you want to come out for Gong Luyun?" Chu Feng naturally heard the cold and innocent name. Among the core disciples, except for him, the only one who has spiritual power. people."Oh yeah, is it really spiritual power that has seen me motivated to find you?""But I'm not going to take the lead for Gong Luyun. Gong Luyun hasn't got this qualification to allow me to work for him. I'm just trying to get rid of obstacles for myself." The cold and guilty grinned as he slowly approached Chu Feng."How do you know that I have spiritual power? Remove obstacles? How can I be your obstacle if you and I intersect?" Chu Feng retreated as he procrastinated, extending his spiritual power to the limit. He was looking for opportunities to escape. ."You don't need to know about this yet. I also advise you to give up the idea of ​​running away because in front of me, you can't escape." Cold and guilty and confident.Seeing that one's own ideas have been seen, Chu Feng is no longer procrastinating. At the same time, Xuan Gong’s operation, the dynasty technique is also shown out. Reiki penetrates the meridians at the foot, and the blast has risen from the soles of his feet.With a loud voice, Chu Feng drifted past the wind and fled to the depths of the forest.“That's a bit of a means, but unfortunately the realm is too low.” Cold and guilty, a cold smile, a step forward, turned into a blast, and chased away from Chufeng.With such a speed, he was not a martial arts of a special body and spirit, but simply relying on his self-cultivation. The young man, who was only 19 years old, was the second day of his life. , only one step can step into basaltic, and Gong Luyun on an equal footing."This guy is actually so powerful." Chu Feng has already made the best use of the supercool technique. Not only is he unable to escape from the cold and guilty, but the other person is still approaching quickly. The nine-fold threat of Yuan Wu is already starting to suppress him. ."Give it away. You can't escape from me just because you're doing this kind of cultivation right now. Even if the talent is better."The cold innocence finger pointed at Chufeng, bursting with clean light and bursting with mighty power. In the blink of an eye, several large trees would be worn through and the position of Chu Feng was locked in advance."I want to kill me. It's not that easy." Chu Feng bit his teeth, and the pace of his feet changed. The white wind suddenly subsided and replaced by lightning.These thunder and lightning are obviously different from those of Chu Feng's thunderbolt. They are actually dark blue, and the speed of walking is very fast. It is like a few tiny thunder snakes. Around the feet of Chu Feng, he wants to have him. The soles of the feet are separated from the ground.Suddenly, Chu Feng’s tiptoe suddenly tapped and suddenly leaped out of tens of meters, step by step, and it was incredibly fast. Not only did it succeed in hiding the cold and innocent attack, but also began to The speed of terror hastened to flee from far away, and it turned cold and innocent.“This is not my martial arts of Qinglongzong. It is exactly where this kid comes from.” Cold and innocent eyes blinked, revealing a touch of surprise.Then the pace of his feet changed, a mysterious pace evolved, the speed increased instantaneously several times, actually caught up with Chu Feng again, and the speed of this catch-up was even faster."Abhorrent, it still can't get rid of it."Chu Feng was unwilling. He apparently had successfully displayed the middle stage of the Royal Air Art. However, in the face of Yuan Wu’s cold and innocent crimes, he still looked powerless. After all, the realm’s gap was too great, even if the opponents only played the first class. The martial arts skills can still be traced to Shang Chufeng."Chu Feng, you do not want to escape today." Cold guilty fingers even, a number of shots burst into bursts of light, such as the rain away from the general sweep of the Chu Feng, almost evasive.This is a five-piece Wujin technique, especially under cold and innocent display. The power is not at all capable of being resisted by Chu Feng. If it is hit, it must be beaten by an alive meat sieve."This breath?" At this moment, Chu Feng suddenly became overjoyed because he felt a familiar atmosphere and was approaching.“唰 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 果 楚 楚 楚 楚 楚 楚 楚 楚 。 楚 楚 楚."砰砰砰 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 苏 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 柔 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕, it suddenly doubled.Upon seeing this, the cold and innocent people did not panic, but they stepped and walked. They attacked and bounced back, and they hid one by one.At this moment, Chu Feng’s heart was overjoyed, and Su Rou’s strength he had seen, very strong. Especially after the breath she had just sent out, Chu Feng noticed that Su Lu was not Yuan Wujing. Into the Xuanwu territory.Although he did not know why Su Rou appeared here, Chu Feng knew that most of the crises he was facing could be resolved."Unexpectedly to protect the boy secretly, it was even Su Sister." Cold guilty laugh Su Su, it is also somewhat unexpected."Although someone knows that someone will be unfavorable to Chu Feng, but did not think that it would be you, are you not with Gong Luyun? Why do you want to help him?" Su soft smiled, not like treating the enemy."Oh, it's interesting. Why do you all think that when I took Chu Feng, it was necessary to help Gong Luyun? Isn't it because of personal grudges?"“But then, Su Lun’s sister, I admire your means. The Gaole and Zhao brothers are no longer the core disciples of Qinglongzong, and especially Gaole, and you’re also old acquaintance. Can you bear to put poisonous hands on him?" The cold guilty laughed."I poisoned Gaole. I don't understand what you mean!" And when you heard this, Su Rou was a change of face and a puzzled face."Oh, it's just like it. Your woman is really vicious, and it seems that you can't stay." Cold and innocent lips, set off a cold smile."Big tone, just relying on your weight and weight, dare to say such things to me?""Why I don't know why you had to take Chu Feng, but the fellow disciples who are fellow Qinglong Zong actually did this kind of thing to his younger brother. As an elder of Qing Longzong, you must give you some lessons." Su Luu turned cold and talked. Will have to shoot.At this time, a majestic coercion abruptly enveloped the mountain forest. At the same time, an old voice sounded:"If you want to teach guilty children, you must first pass the old man!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!