The one hundred and sixth chapter of the spirit of space (Gan 56) the power of enchantment, the reason why only the spiritual psychic can use, it is because ordinary people can not contact.The power of enchantment is not the power of this world, but comes from the spiritual world, a mysterious world.The spiritual gurus use themselves as conductors to communicate with the spiritual world, introduce the forces of enchantment into their own bodies and display them.If you want to communicate with the spiritual world, you must use your own spiritual power to build a spiritual space in your spiritual world.As long as the space of the spiritual circle is constructed, the door leading to the spiritual world can be opened, and thus the power of enchantment can be used. Therefore, what Chu Feng needs to do is to pool his spiritual power and build a space for this spiritual circle.This is a very superb means. It is an arduous task to have enough control over the spiritual power and to spend a lot of mental power.Just like building a house, spiritual power is the raw material, and the strength of spiritual power determines the quality of this house.However, when Chu Feng had just mastered this method and entered his spiritual world, he wanted to build his own spiritual space.However, he was surprised to find that in his spiritual world, there was even a space for spirituality."What is going on?" Chu Feng at the moment has entered his own spiritual world.This is a vast expanse of the world. It is like being in the starry sky, but the light that surrounds it is not a star, but a fluctuating gas.Chu Feng can walk in the air and walk freely in this world. It is possible to reach any corner. Everything is in its control.At the moment, not far from Chufeng, there is a huge palace. It is very beautiful, colorful, shining, as if made of crystal.The shape is also bizarre and indescribable, but it is unusually spectacular. It is located in this vast spiritual world and extends without seeing the end, like it leads to another world.Chu Feng believes that this must be the legendary spiritual space, but he can't figure out how his own spiritual world has such a magnificent space.This kind of spiritual space can only be created by the amount of spiritual power it has to consume. It must be able to control it and create it. At least he can't do it."Hey, think about it, don't hurry up, how can you wait for me so long!"But in this effort of Chu Feng’s blasphemy god, a sweet voice suddenly sounded within the space of the spiritual circle. It was very pleasant to hear. It was the best heard voice that Chu Feng had heard.However, after this voice sounded, Chu Feng was shocked because the voice Chu Feng had heard and heard in the world he used to think was a dream."Is it true that everything is true?" Chu Feng felt incredible, but still stature a vertical, jumped into that spiritual space.The Space Spirit Space looks like a palace, but it is more like a towering tower. There is no door, but Chu Feng can walk through the wall and step into it.When Chu Feng entered, he quickly lost the ability to walk freely and travel the skies. He fell steadily to the ground.At present, Chu Feng has seen the scene in front of Chu Feng. Chu Feng has seen it, such as a crystal wall, but it can't see the end.Above a certain wall, there is a spooky door, with a chain above the door, and there is a terror in the door.The main thing is that there is a dark dome not far away. At this moment, just like a chatterbox, Chu Feng screams.All this is not the dream that Chu Feng saw on that day. However, Chu Feng now knows that this is not a dream, but his spiritual space."Oh, Chu Feng, you stupid, you finally come in again.""It's stupid, stupid. How long have I been waiting for you, for fifteen years?""It's wicked, fucking, er, poor savvy. It's just too bad."The beautiful voices constantly rang out of the Black Dome, and the words were messy, but they were very nice, like an awkward child.But the most important thing is that she not only knew Chu Feng's name, but also said that she had waited for Chu Feng for a full fifteen years, which surprised Chu Feng."What exactly are you? How do you know my name?" Chu Feng asked. He looked at the dark egg from afar and was not close."What are you doing? You want to call my Queen's adult. Does the Queen know?"“I can share vision and hearing with you in your spiritual world. Everything I’ve experienced in these years, I have experienced it with you. I don’t know what you’re called. I know what you’ve done. !” There was an unpleasant sound among the black eggs."In my spiritual world? You mean that you spent fifteen years in my spiritual world? Why did you enter my spiritual world?" Chu Feng was surprised."I know where, when the Queen wakes up, she is in the spiritual world of your kid, and is blocked by this wicked enchantment. I can't even move.""I think most of you are doing good things for your parents." The black egg kept shouting."Well, then do you know who my parents are? What are they called? Where are they from, where are they now?" Chu Feng eagerly asked."I would also like to ask you. It's best not to let me know who they are, otherwise I must let them pay the price and dare to seal the Queen in your brat's spiritual world. It's too abhorrent."Although the sound was good, Chu Feng could hear that the black egg that claimed to be the Queen was very angry at the moment and he could even hear the sound of the black teeth.“Is it true that this spiritual space was built by my parents for me?” After hearing the dark eggs, Chu Feng was also immersed in contemplation."Nonsense, not someone helped you to build, or you can not build their own, so powerful space sector, you can build it out?" Black egg hit the road.“In that case, those who help me build this spiritual space should be very powerful. Is it also a division spiritual division?” Chu Feng asked."It is natural to build a space like this. It's not right. What do you mean? Do you mean to say that the queen is weak?""I told you that if the Queen was not injured at the beginning, no one would be able to seal the queen. No matter how much more powerful the person is for you, so long as the Queen knows who he is, he will definitely make him pay the price. .""I didn't look at you. I'm just curious.""What are you curious about? What are you curious about? Wait, egg? You're the egg, you're the egg, the dog, the bastard, you'll call me Queen.""Good egg, then can you tell me, what is your name? Where does it come from?""Get out of the bar, you want to cover the queen's bottom, no door!!!!"Chu Feng wanted to find something out of this black egg, but later found out that this guy was also a stranger.And her mouth is very strict, never refused to disclose her identity, but Chu Feng thinks that if someone intentionally seals her in her spiritual world, there must be some metaphor.At least that person will not harm himself. Otherwise, by the means of that person, he can completely kill himself.Why should it help build a space for the spiritual sector, and seal it in its spiritual space, which can harm its own things? This is also too much work.Therefore, Chu Feng concluded that the man would not harm him but help him, and he felt that it was probably his family.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!