Chapter 103 The majestic force of the enchantment sweeps down, and even the towering trees sway along. The flowers at the foot are scattered and disorderly. This area is no longer peaceful.Both Chu Feng and Su Rou were surprised because they could all feel it from this breath. This is a master of the Xuanwu environment, and even the kind of breath is even more powerful than Su Soo.Under the pressure of this coercion, an old man slowly walked out of the forest and came to a cold and innocent side.The old man was dressed in black and was less than five feet tall. He was very unappealing, but the wrinkled old face was exhaled.The old man's age is really big enough. He walks and trembles, as if falling down at any moment, he will die and his life is at an end. However, Chu Feng and Su Mou dare not take a peek at him. Because of the atmosphere that covers them now, it really comes from this old man.“Lao Zu” saw this person and gave a ceremonious courtesy."Leng family ancestors, can not even think you have made a horse, it seems you cold home, this time is really iron heart, want to deal with Chu Feng.""It's just that I'm curious about how Chu Feng has offended you, so that you must not put him to death." Su Rou seems to know this cold family ancestor.“My family’s guilt is the hope of my cold family. All those who block his way, my cold family will spare no effort to eradicate. Even if Miss Su Lu’s identity is special, my cold family will never be merciless.” , but he smiled very scary."What do you mean, I want to even Su Lu, but also eradicate it?" Su softly asked."Miss Su Lu, why don't you know why?" Lengzu's old ancestor laughed sinisterly."Oh, that depends on you, is there this skill?" Su Lu grabbed Chu Feng's arm and turned to flee.However, it is not yet ready for its departure. The coercion that envelopes this area is strengthened. It is like an invisible cage, and the two are firmly sealed here."Xuanwu triple!!" Su Rou was shocked. Each Xuanwu border is a big difference. It is an insurmountable gap. Unless it is a talented generation, it cannot be counterbalanced.Do not look at this cold family ancestors, only two higher than Su Rou, but Su You is already irresistible, even in front of him has lost the ability to escape.This is the horrible place of Xuanwujing. It is more important than heavy one, and it is extremely difficult to break through every weight. This is why there are many strong Xuanwu strongholds in Qingzhou, but there is no reason why one can step into Tianwu.One way to repair Wuwu is to use the breath of heaven and earth to develop physical limits, the level of physical fitness, and the strength of self-recognition, which determines the length of the road to repair Wu.But the only thing that can be determined is that the more you cultivate backwards, the more difficult it becomes to control the atmosphere, and the mysteries of the body are difficult to open. However, the strength gained is also greater."Miss Su Lu, you must blame yourself for blaming yourself and blame yourself for taking care of yourself and catching your own life."The cold family ancestors began to move closer step by step, looking at the Su Miaochufeng who had been convinced by his own coercion and blocked the action. The smile on his face became more and more intense, just as he looked at two palm ants as long as he moved slightly. Fingers can easily kill two people."Cold old man, you dare to give me a shot, if my father knows, you will destroy your cold house." Seeing, Su Rou is also panic, this old guy's strength is no small matter, she really does not have the ability to resist.Chu Feng, even the ability to break free, this cold family ancestors too strong, if not Su Mozhen at the moment to her breath, protect Chu Feng, I am afraid that only the coercion of the cold family ancestors, are enough to another Chu Maple suffocates."I don't need you to say I also know that your father knows this, what kind of situation my cold family will face, but unfortunately, he will never know that you were killed by me." The cold family ancestors slowly lifted In the palm of your hand, a terrible energy that has been gathered in a mysterious power is condensing in your palm."How can you know that Su Lu's father will not know this?" At that moment, another voice sounded in the woods.This voice is very strange, not from a point, but from all sides, obviously not how loud, but it is shocking, as if this sound is from the heart of the general.This voice can scare the ancestors and the cold and innocent, because just to hear this voice, they can also tell that the old man is definitely a master of repairing Wu."Well," it feels wrong, and the cold guilty rushes out of the spiritual power and wants to detect the position."Hey, ah," but he just used his spiritual power. He screamed and held his head with both hands. He squatted and broke down."What is wrong with you, guilty?" To see this strange scene, you could scare the ancestors of the Leng family and become stature.The coldness and guilty of the moment was already pale, his eyes were round, his eyes full of fear, and with his shivering lips, whispered: “Yes.....is a profession Spirit Master!""What?" Hearing this, the cold family ancestor is also a face change, the spirit of the division? That is a very good person. How could it be here?“Once old ancestors, run!!” At this time, the cold but innocent one suddenly thought of a person and quickly shouted loudly.The cold and innocent appearance of the horror, the cold family ancestors is too late to think, catch cold guilty they must flee."Ye Wow" could have just ran out of two steps. The cold family ancestors even snorted and bounced back, as if they were hit by a wall.“嗡” and just then, Chu Feng and others were also surprised to find that in the previous place where the cold family ancestors came back, they actually had a translucent wall, and that wall was spreading. Two of the cold homes were sealed.“Drink!” Lengzu’s ancestors stood up and lifted their hands and punched them to the translucent wall.The strength of this boxing force is no exception. It not only embodies Xuan Li, but also is a kind of martial arts. It is such an attack. After a wall that looks like a thin layer of ice, it only makes a loud noise, but it does not Can shake the wall half a millimeter, even a crack did not hit, but then watch the cold family ancestors fist, actually it is bloody, suffered heavy losses."What is this ghost thing?!"The cold family and ancestors hurried, and the translucent wall had long since recaptured all directions and locked them in, and it was shrinking at the moment. If this were to continue, the two of them would be desperate to be alive.Thought of this, the cold family ancestors once again displayed a more powerful martial arts, one by one impact of the mysterious wall, a powerful force, making the earth under the foot vibrate continuously, even Chu Feng's foot appeared in the road rift.However, this is an attack that will interfere with the outside world, but it is also impossible to shake the mysterious wall, and even cannot change the speed at which the wall shrinks toward the two.Compared to the cold family ancestors desperately resisted, that cold and innocent but it is already dead, standing in a blank place, the body can not tremble, opening:"The old ancestors, this... this... This is the art of enchantment!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!