Chapter 105 Song Gong's Background At the moment, Su Rou is walking alone in the woods, Liu Mei slightly wrinkled, thinking about what. Chu Feng was staring at Zhuge Liuyun. She did not know if it was a good thing or a bad thing.“Elder Elder Elder, there is an old man who wants to talk to you.” Suddenly, however, Zhuge Liuyun appeared silently in front of Su Rou.At this moment, Su Rou's heart was somewhat nervous. She was somewhat afraid of Zhuge Liuyun.Although this strength is also a realm of Xuanwu, it is hidden deeply. At least she can't see through this true cultivation, what is the level.However, it is undeniable that the strength of this person must be above the six old guardians of Qinglong Zong. It is the second master of Qinglong Zong."Elder Zhuge, what may be more straightforward to say." Su Lu finishing the mood, said respectfully."I don't want to know what purpose you helped Chu Feng, but from now on, you can't follow him again.""I want him to face the difficulties alone. Only in this way can he grow faster. You understand people. I want you to understand what I mean." Zhuge's dignified manner has a hint of threat."I understand." Su Rou dared not refute."Well, you're going to say goodbye to the kid and then why do you go?"Zhuge flow cloud sleeves waved, then disappeared in place, but his cold tone, and the attitude of Chu Feng is simply a world away.For such Zhuge Liuyun, Su Rouliu eyebrows wrinkled, angry, and wanted to say something, but taking into account this ability, or the hearts of those words swallowed back.At the moment, Chu Feng was sitting in the spotlight and looked at the art of enchantment. Suddenly he turned back and smiled. "Seluel Elder, thank you very much for your help.""You guys who are spiritually capable are really terrible. It's just that you have long eyes behind you." Su Luo smiled charmingly, and she was very charming.She walked in front of Chu Feng and smiled and said: "You kid don't have to thank me either. It was Su Mei's hoe who promised me to take care of you."“In other words, you kid is really bold, dare to provoke Gongluo Yun, and set such a bet, I really do not know that you should have the courage to know good, or should you be so stupid.”"Hey," Chu Feng only scratched his head and giggled. I do not know how to answer it."Why? See what?" Looking at the giggly Chu Feng, Su Rou is also quite helpless, could not help but look to the hands of Chu Feng books."Oh, this is very powerful. With it, it can become a spiritual psychic." Chu Feng opened the book and displayed the four characters of the technique of enchantment in front of Su Rou."Elders Zhuge accepted you as a disciple?"Su Rou was surprised and the beautiful little face suddenly changed color. Although she had a hunch, she never expected it. Zhuge Liu Yun will be able to teach Chu Feng's enchantment skills so quickly.We must know that it was cold and innocent, but it took three years for Zhuge Liuyun to live for three years, but it was nothing. In the end, it ended up being swallowed by Zhuge Liuyun.However, Chu Feng, obviously only met with Zhuge Liuyun for the first time. He even got the cultivation method of enchantment. This gap is too great."It's so easy. He wants me to master the power of primary enlightenment within a month, but this book is really difficult. It seems that this is a big challenge."Chu Feng's pretending to be a hard-nosed man has made a big mouth. He did not say that if he could not pass the test within a month, Zhuge Liuyun would take his life.Not to mention that, just after just watching for a while, he already saw some doorways. If he did not consider Su Lu still, he would certainly try something."Your kid's blessing was really a lasting one. If you can become a disciple of Zhuge Liuyun, you will be able to save your life."Su Rou is really happy for Chu Feng. If Chu Feng can really become a spiritual master, then it is a big happy event for her family.After all, the reason why she helped Chu Feng to do so is to look at the spiritual power of Chu Feng because her family is in need of a person like Chu Feng."No, a year later, I didn't save my life, but I wanted to kill him." Chu Feng solemnly said, his eyes full of determination.Looking at the serious look of Chu Feng, Su Rou was surprised. I do not know why she had a strange idea, as if after a year, Chu Feng was able to do it in general.Especially when she saw with her own eyes that Chu Feng led Chu family to kill those enemies, her views on Chu Feng had completely changed.Her evaluation is that Chu Feng is too powerful. Although she is only fifteen, her heart is far beyond her peers, and she is even worse than her. The most important thing is her means.If it continues to grow, the future achievements will not even be measured. Even she feels that Mo Qingling, even if it is in Qingzhou, he may not be able to stay in Chufeng. Chu Feng must be on top of the Kyushu mainland."Chu Feng, you don't look too much at Gong Luyun. His family occupies a first-class city.""And the first-class city is ranked in the top three in Qingzhou, and its strength is no weaker than that of the Qinglong Emperor. It even goes beyond it.""The most important thing is that Gong Luyun's grandfather has a very close relationship with the Qilin royal palace. If he has a Gong family accident, the Kirin royal palace will not stand by.""So, after a year's engagement, you can win Gong Luyun, but you can't kill him. Otherwise, even Zhuge Liuyun can't hold you." The more Chufeng has value, the Surou Yue doesn't want Chu Feng to have an accident. .After hearing this, Chu Feng was also immersed in meditation. He was not an irrational person, although he really wanted to kill Gong Luyun. However, after knowing that there was a strong background behind Gong Luyun, he had to think carefully.If not, even if he can escape and escape, he is gone, but the people around him may not be able to escape. After he does not want to cause trouble, his own relatives will bear the consequences.Afterwards, Su Rou chatted with Chu Feng for a while. Most of them advised Chu Feng not to be too impulsive. The gentleman revenged ten years later.Also let Chu Feng concentrate on cultivation, not too much pressure, when necessary, her family will contribute, at least to protect Chu Feng a life.After hearing this, Chu Feng was vaguely heard. Su Lu's family should also occupy a first-class city. Its strength is also very strong.Therefore, he has already guessed why the Zijin City’s attitude is so unusual. It must have been Su Lu’s efforts. However, Su Lu did not mention it. He did not ask any more.After Su Rou left, Chu Feng returned to the Chu family. After he closed the door, he began to seriously study, this book of enchantment, this thing that changed his destiny.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!