Chapter 100 After killing Chen Hui, the two generals rushed over and one of them slammed the Lin dispensers and dragged him away from the crowd.“The Lord of the City, please take care of your life, Lord of the City, spare life!”This would terrify the Lin Lin's dispensers, but despite his mercy, neither Chen Hui nor the two generals are expressionless.After the two generals were dragged to the open space, one of them took out his sword from the waist and slammed a knife. The Lin dispensers were already in the head.This scene can really frighten everyone, almost everyone is full of shocked, full of fog, feeling overwhelmed.“The City Lord adults.” After killing the Lin dispensers, one of the generals handed the purple treasure token of the Lin dispensers to Chen Hui’s hands.Chen Hui took the token and smiled and said to Chu Feng: "Chu Feng, have you ever heard of Zhuque City?"“En?” Chu Feng was not surprised. He had limited experience and he had never heard of Zhuque City.Upon seeing this, Chen Hui smiled a bit and patiently explained: “Chu Feng, I believe you should know that my Kyushu mainland was governed by the Jiang’s dynasty. In order to better rule Kyushu, the Jiang’s dynasty handed over Kyushu. It is governed by nine palaces and the ruler of Qingzhou is the Qilin Palace."“In order to better manage the order of Qingzhou, Qilin Palace chose eight first-class cities and 160 second-class cities in Qingzhou. The situation of Isaac network covers the entire Qingzhou City. All have jurisdiction over the jurisdictions of each region."“I’m Zijin City, which is the second-class city. It is not the Qilin Palace that manages my Forbidden City, but the first-class city Zhuque City.”After listening to Chen Hui’s remarks, Chu Feng did have a completely new concept for the forces in Qingzhou.Chu Feng had always thought that the Jiang’s dynasty was dominated by Kyushu’s mainland, and the parties’ ancestral leaders governed all regions. They thought that the territory of Qingzhou was counted by the first case of Lingyun Cloud in Qingzhou, but now it seems obviously not the case. of.It can be said that the Jiang’s dynasty was highly sophisticated and implemented a hierarchical management system. Although it did not interfere with the development of the Sectarian Gates, it actually kept Kyushu in its own hands."If Qingzhou is divided into eight parties, then the top manager of our region is Zhuque City. Ten days later, Zhuque City will host a rookie conference.""This so-called rookie conference is a discussion among juniors, but the age limit must be within eighteen."“And although Chu Feng’s younger friends are young, I’m still outstanding among juniors in my Forbidden City, so I’d like to let Chu Feng’s young friend represent me to attend this year’s rookie conference.” Chen Hui continued. sermon."Is there any benefit to participate in this rookie conference?" asked Chu Feng."If you just participate, there is really no benefit, but if you can get the first place in this rookie conference, there is a reward of five thousand Lingzhu." Chen Hui explained."Well, I will participate." Chu Feng nodded, five thousand Lingzhu, but for him there is a lot of temptation."That's the way it is. This Zijin token will be given to Chu Feng Xiaoyou. With him, you will be able to enter and leave Zijin City freely. After five days, you will come to Zijin City and come to me. I will send someone to send you to Suzaku. city."After Chen Hui handed the purple gold token to Chufeng, he led the army of thousands of people and left. There was only one group of people who had not yet shaken from the previous shock.Looked at the left hand purple gold token, looked at the thousands of Lingzhu in the right hand tray, Chu Feng brow wrinkled, he always felt the matter was flawed, but could not find a reason.After thinking for a moment and not getting an answer, Chu Feng simply stopped thinking about it. Instead, he lifted the money token in his hands and said to the crowd: “Now, who else doesn’t obey my Chu family?”"I would like to follow the Chu family and swear allegiance."The voice of Chufeng had just fallen, and all the people around them were stunned and swear to the thunderous sound.If we say that before they were forced by Chu Feng's strength, they were surrendered to Chu Feng. At the moment, they were forced against the background of Chu Feng. They had to submit to Chu Feng. With the Chufeng of the Forbidden City as the backer, they really could not offend Chu Feng."Very good, but I told him that I didn't want you to take it orally. I wanted you to be convinced. I will never leave unfaithful people with Chu Feng.""So all those who are willing to loyal to my Chu family must now help me to do something.""All of the people who took the Tigers Escort, Xu Family, Ma Family, Wang Family, Zhao Family and Li Family all killed me."Chu Feng's words came out to the surprise of those who were present. Even the Chu family members were equally surprised because they could not think of anyway. Chu Feng would rush to kill them after the Zhao family surrendered.This kind of approach is undeniable. It is something that many adults cannot do. However, only Chu Feng, who is only fifteen at the moment, actually said it.However, this surprise only lasted for a while. Soon someone was working on the Zhao family, the Li family, and the fierce tigers. They had to do so in order to show allegiance.Under the guidance of Chu Feng, although the Tigers, the Zhao family and the Li family had resisted, they were quickly killed. Many of these forces, who came to the town today, were all killed and had no lives.However, it was not finished yet. After these people were resolved, Chu Feng gathered again and again to meet with the horses of the Tigers, the Xu family, the Wang family, the Ma family, the Zhao family and the Li family. The territory is completely eradicated.When Chu Feng personally directed a massacre, Chen Hui is also leading his army and returning to the Forbidden City.“Is the Lord of the City really going to hand over the mysterious iron ore to the Chu family? What about the tribute tax we paid to Suzaku City this year?” asked one of the generals."What can I do? How can I do that? How can I dare to disobey? This year, Suzaku City's tribute taxes were not paid and were punished at the most. However, if offended, she said something bad in her father. Maybe I will. The head is not guaranteed."When he mentioned this matter, Chen Hui was also helpless. He still remembered the previous scene and still felt scared.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!