The one hundred and nineteenth chapter is worthy of a few roads and the phoenix breaks through the wind. It is dense and numb. Like a group of dark green meteors, it swoops on one side and makes strange noises.It wasn’t a fireflies at all, but a group of green monsters that looked like mosquitoes. With a pair of wings flying over the air, the volume was as high as one. Their eyes were red-blind, and they were full of light. It was terrible.The strength of each of these monsters is no different, at least comparable to the human masters of the Yuanwu environment, and tens of thousands of people are gathered together. The kind of prestige is even more sturdy. It is just like the tens of thousands of troops formed by the masters of Yuanwujing, facing Chufeng. Compression comes.Eggs exclaimed, they will lend their own power again to Chu Feng to improve the cultivation of Chu Feng.However, Chu Feng did not dare to neglect and the body was able to operate. He then cast out the superb technique and quickly fled.But at this time, Chu Feng's feet suddenly bloom dazzling brilliance, that moment of the magic spell painted on the rock wall, even issued a red light, that light shines out, flooding the cave world.At the same time, the murky light body was already plunged into the Red Zone. However, just after it entered, it exploded and there was no residue remaining. It completely disappeared."This is a good curse!" Chu Feng was shocked. If it wasn't the magic spell, I'm afraid he really can not escape."Don't stop and run!" Just as Chu Feng stopped to watch, the eggs were exclaimed."Rumbled" and at this moment Chu Feng was only surprised to discover that the lake has actually set off waves and waves that can reach as high as a few feet. Like fierce wild beasts, it is rushing toward its direction.The most important thing is that, among the blue waves, there are actually two dark green rays. They are a pair of eyes. They are very large and large enough to be indescribable.Just a glance, then let Chu Feng body fierce shake, a touch of indescribable fear, born of the heart, there is no oppression, no deterrence, but this vision is enough to make people feel afraid.Without thinking too much, Chu Feng knew what it was. It was probably the evil spirit that the egg said. But what Chu Feng dared not imagine was that even if his eyes were still the same, how large would it be? !Feeling wrong, Chu Feng began to desperately flee. However, although the speed of the MMA is already terrible, he still lost the turbulent spray.The huge waves swelled in the sky and was already pouring into the area of ​​red magic spells. It might be that the thrust was too strong. Its speed was not proportional to its size, and Chung Chung forced Chu Feng to come.“What happened, did the magic spell fail?” The magic spell did not stop the huge waves, which made Chu Feng a little scared. If the evil spirit caught up, it would definitely die."Big waves are not evil spirits. How can the magic spell be stopped. You can rest assured that the evil spirits are not afraid to come near the magic spell, as long as you don't get caught in the lake by this huge wave," the egg reminded.At this moment, the waves were already in the wake, and a wave of powerful waves was falling toward Chu Feng and Yao.This wave can not escape, seeing that he will drown himself, Chu Feng is a little tiptoe, even against the waves, with the power of giant waves to move forward, giant wave crisis is to resolve.At this moment, Chu Feng could hear it. Once again, a terrible roar was heard. The voice was deafening. Fortunately, the distance was far away. If the roar rang before him, Chu Feng felt that he might be snarled by this noise and live to death. ."It's terrible. Is this evil spirit?"Because the evil spirits did not dare to step into the area of ​​the demon curse, so the waves that it provoked began to subside, and looking at the retreating spray, Chu Feng finally breathed a sigh of relief.The evil spirit is terrible. If he does not obey the egg, he will certainly be killed in the area where he will not leave the curse. Even the source will be drawn and he will die completely."The evil spirits are not terrible, but you are too weak. Look for it carefully. The waves just now are very surging. It is very likely that some of the bones in the lake will be struck. Maybe there will be something you need." ."It was really you were right." And stepping on the wet rock, with the help of the spirit of the community compass, after some search, Chu Feng is overjoyed.Sure enough, as the egg said, under the impact of huge waves, many bones were washed out, not just the bones, there are Lingzhu, there are several Lingzhu eyes, scattered in various places, in the shallow water, exudes crystal The light."The waves just made a huge impact. There are spirits to be found. If you search carefully, you may find out how many spirits you can find. Even if Yuanzhu is not sure, you'll be looking for it."Eggs were also pleased with Chu Feng. Although this spirit had no effect on her, she had great use for Chu Feng. Now she is enjoying great benefits in this burial. Naturally, she does not want Chu Feng to return home empty handed.And Chu Feng was not neglecting and began to search carefully in this area. After about two hours of search, Chu Feng found more than 3,000 Lingzhu and seven Yuanzhu.One Yuanzhu is equivalent to one thousand Lingzhu, that is to say, Chu Feng received more than 10,000 Lingzhus on this trip. If the rookie champion can win the championship and get 5,000 more Lingzhu, perhaps Chu Feng is expected to impact. Yuan Wujing, this kind of harvest is not good, at least not worth the trip.After knowing that there was no way to go before, Chu Feng began to return. When he climbed out of the dark cave, he was surprised to find that it was a bright afternoon."I'm leaning. It's worse. Don't miss the time for the rookie conference?"Chu Feng was quite speechless. During the burial, he was too cautious, but he ignored the issue of time. He never expected that he had spent so long in the burial. Now that day has passed and no faster. , it is very likely that we will miss this rookie conference.Although in the burial, Chu Feng has received more than 10,000 Lingzhu, but for him in urgent need of cultivation resources, the five thousand spirits awarded by the rookie assembly must also be obtained.Thought of this, Chu Feng rushed to cancel the enchantment, and after the enchantment was lifted, the black hole leading to the burial disappeared and was replaced by a green lawn, and ordinary people couldn't see the clue. After this, Chu Feng began to desperately rush to Suzaku City.In fact, this rookie meeting really came to an end. Among the squares in Zhuque City, all the rookies who participated in the rookie conference started to bring their loot and return to the field.And in the square, there are more than five buckets. I think that it is designed for the championship choices behind. The outside of the square is a sea of ​​people. The celebrities of the Suzaku city have come and want to see all parties. The city's rookie, what will happen.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!