Chapter 110. After a physical contact with the psychic contract, Chu Feng confirmed that the girl had no threat to him.Instead, the young girl is in a dangerous situation. After all, she looks so beautiful, and she is still imprisoned in this spiritual world. She cannot escape. The main thing is that in this spiritual world, Chu Feng can touch and touch her. of.Nima, this is simply in his own body, imprisoned a beauty unparalleled beauty, and still light tone, soft, easy to pull down, but fortunately Chu Feng is not the kind of person, otherwise ...."Hey, quail eggs, what do you think?" Looking at it, staring at him, his mouth burst of evil laugh, Chu Feng, the girl yelled."I said egg, you said before, as long as you and I are together, you can help me win Gong Luyun, is it true?" Chu Feng smiled, and it is very evil laugh."You die, the devil wants to be one with you." The maiden's gritted teeth, seven smoke, a pair of beautiful roundness, but how to see how cute, how to see how to recruit people rare.This is really true. When a person is beautiful enough to reach a certain level, even if he makes a repressed expression, it is also a kind of beauty."You see, not what you say, as long as ....""It's possession, it's not fit, you're a stinker!""With the body, how are you attached?" Chu Feng was curious."As long as you conclude a psychic contract with me, I can share the spiritual world with you and, as long as you like, can enter your body from your spiritual world and impart my strength to you.""Just because my repairs are now completely sealed, and I don't know how to crack them, I only have to re-cultivate. So if you want me to help you, you have to help me cultivate as long as you help me to practice in basalt within one year. The environment can naturally compete with Gong Luyun, said the girl."What? To help you practice? I have helped you to cultivate the time to the Xuanwu territory. I might have already had an ambition." Chu Feng was very depressed."Well, can you practice to Tianwu in a year? You can't even practice in the realm of Xuanwu. But if you help me, within a year, I can practice to Xuanwu.""Furthermore, my cultivation does not delay your cultivation. On the contrary, if you help me cultivate, you can also improve your enchantment skills." The girl pouted."Really?" Chu Feng asked."Of course." The girl is very confident."Then you talk about how I can help you." Chu Feng asked."There is no free lunch in the world. The spirit of the community will absolutely not use it for your humanity. The spiritual psychic is able to get the power of the spirit because it needs to provide the source of the spirit.""What is that source?""In your world, all those who cultivate martial arts have their origins. No matter who they are, whether they are dead or dead, as long as the body is immortal, the origin will not be extinguished.""This source does not have any effect on you, but it has a huge appeal to me and other community spirits because it can help us to quickly improve cultivation.""As an example, as long as you can find a warrior in the Xuanwujing and let me absorb his original source, I can achieve what you call the Yuanwu situation. How is it faster than you practice?" The way to laugh."Xuanwujing martial arts? You do not say so easy, OK? If I can grab the Xuanwujing Wuxi, let you absorb the source, I still need you to help me?" Chu Feng extremely depressed."Idiot, is it because you didn't understand me? I said, whether life or death, as long as the body is immortal, there is an origin that can be learned. If you live, you can't catch it. You can't find it when you die? Don't forget that you are a spiritual division!" The girl is also somewhat depressed."Why is it dead?" Chu Feng was surprised."Of course it is. Otherwise, today's shit elders, why swallow up the innocence and the stinky old man? And, don't you realize that when you first entered the cemetery of the old man, you did not find the body of the old man?"Girls and Chu Feng shared vision and hearing. Chu Feng grew up and experienced everything she knew."You said this way, I understand it, but don't you say that Elder Zhuge doesn't have the ability to make him work for him? How did he swallow up the original?""He did not have the ability to let the spirits work for him, but he must have communicated to a realm. He is now enshrining the spiritual spirit. It is only the spirit who has not yet concluded a psychic contract with him. .""However, your kid is very lucky. This Queen is willing to conclude a psychiatric contract with you, but the condition is that you must help me get enough of it."Speaking of this, the girls' hands were intermingled with a strange handprint. At the same time, her skirt dancing and slim jade body even radiated strange light.The reason why this light is strange is because it is actually a black light, and black is the darkness. The darkness is just in the opposite of light. At the moment, this dark darkness actually shines, and it is naturally very strange.However, the most amazing thing is that the black light body actually slides down the girl's jade body and forms a strange pattern on the ground.This pattern is like a monster's face. It is embarrassing and terrible. It is constantly creeping. People only look at one eye, and they stand upright and frightened."Whatever you want, don't hurry up."The girl opened her mouth, and at the moment she was surrounded by strange black light, but the beautiful face not only did not change, but instead became even more beautiful, as if this was the real one."Will not you let me stand on that monster's face?" Chu Feng was afraid. He thought that Facebook was a living thing, as if it could swallow everything."Trick or treat, this is the Queen's psychic enchantment. I would like to be the number of top-level spiritual psychiatrist. I want to conclude a contract with the Queen and have been ignored by the Queen. Now that the Queen has concluded a contract with you, you wouldn't be willing?" It's upside down and some are angry.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng bited his teeth, or stepped into it, but just stepped in, Chu Feng felt a phagocytic power swallow himself, and instantly his brain was blank and he lost consciousness.I do not know how long, Chu Feng slowly opened his eyes, and found that he was in the Chu family's room, and to maintain the previous consciousness will sink into the spiritual world of action."Why? It's okay!" Chu Feng breathed a sigh of relief. He used to think that he was in trouble and that the girl's plan had been used. But now it seems that he hasn't, after all, he is still alive and well."Hello, stinky maple, still not going to give this queen, to find the source!" But at this time, the girl's voice suddenly burst into the ears of Chu Feng."Eggs!! You come out, where?" Chu Feng was shocked and looked around, but did not find the girl's figure."Stupid, I'm still in your spiritual world." The voice of the girl rang again.And when he heard this, Chu Feng was overjoyed and whispered: "In that case, have we succeeded?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!