Chapter 111. Wan Wenpeng After Chu Feng and the egg are psychic, the two can talk with each other and no one can detect it.Under the guidance of eggs, Chu Feng not only quickly grasp the power of enchantment, but also can be a simple enchantment, cast out the first class of enchantment surgery, is considered a half-spirited division.On this day, Chu Feng came to Zijin City. After all, it was close to the so-called rookie conference. Today, it is just Chen Hui that let Chu Feng come to Zijin City.Zijin City is worth noting the second-class city. The wide streets are full of traffic. The shops along the road are dazzling. The people living here are not rich and expensive. The prosperity of this city is by no means comparable to the ancient city of the wilderness.After all, the ancient city of the wilderness is just an ordinary city pool, and Zijin City is a second-class city with management rights. It is a city protected by the Jiang’s dynasty. From the standpoint of status, it is a day of difference.Chu Feng was dressed in the dress of the core disciple of Qinglongzong and walked in this Zijin City. He also gained praise from many people. After all, Chu Feng’s age was really small. Such an achievement will always make people look at him. bright.However, this appreciation of the eyes, only in the eyes of ordinary people will emerge, when Chu Feng came to the main gate of the city main government, they encountered such two people who looked down at Chu Feng."Look, look. Isn't that a second-class disciple of the Qinglong Emperor?""It's ridiculous that Lingwu has become the core disciple. Hey, he wants to see that our brothers are both spiritual and ninth. But in Ling Yunzong, he is just an inner-door disciple.""Oh, what is the second-class door, how can we compare it with Zhai Lingyun? Our core disciples are all people, and their core disciples are not as good as our inner disciples."Two youngsters, walking down from a luxurious carriage, saw a cry of cold words from Chu Feng, and his eyes were full of contempt.They are not a few years older than Chu Feng, and that costume is indeed Ling Yunzong's costume, presumably also the representative of Zijin City, who participated in the rookie conference.However, for the two cynics, Chu Feng did not care, but went straight to the main government, but just walked to the door, they were stopped by the group of guards at the door.“I was invited by Chen Hui to represent Zijin City in the rookie conference.” Chu Feng said.When they heard this, the guards frowned and their faces became quite unpleasant. After all, calling the name of the city is a taboo.However, after carefully looking at Chu Feng, they did not get angry but said badly: “Please show your invitation!”"Invitation letter?" Chu Feng, Chen Hui did not give him any invitation."Isn't the letter of invitation? Is it the beginning?" At this moment, the two disciples of Lingyunzong actually came over and laughed at Chu Feng. They took out a letter and handed it to the guard.“Two gentlemen, please come with me.” After confirming the invitation letter, the guard was very polite to the two disciples, Ling Yunzong."Is this little brother, don't you know that if you participate in the rookie conference, you are the elite of Zijin City? Let's not say that you are such a practitioner. You alone aren't qualified to participate in the rookie conference.""Yes, the second-class door, also want to represent me in Zijin City to participate in the rookie conference? Really wishful thinking!" However, the two Ling Yunzong disciples, but did not follow guards, but instead satirized Chu Feng."Hey, you go quickly. The participants of the rookie conference are all carefully selected by the city host. If you didn't receive an invitation, that's not enough." Even the guards drove away Chu Feng, apparently thinking that Chu Feng It was Mao Zezhen's self-recognition. It was not the invitation of the city owner."Do you think I was impersonating?" Chu Feng looked unchanged, a touch of question.“This is the city’s main government. You'd better not be ridiculous, or you'll look good.” The guard's face turned cold and was already somewhat impatient."Well, I'm optimistic about opening my dog's eyes." Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was not nonsense. After she took out the purple gold token, she immediately lost her face to the guard's face.To catch the token, the guard wanted to worry, but after seeing the token, it was a change of face because it was a purple gold token. This was the object of the identity of the landlord, only the closest person to the landlord. enjoy.At this moment, the escort knew that he had made a big mistake. No matter who Chu Feng was, but as long as there was a purple gold token, he certainly could not afford it."The sins of the small ones will die. I don't know your identity!!!!"Thought of this, the security guard actually slammed down to the ground and made a fortune with Chufeng. Even the body was trembling. This shows that he was really scared.At the same time, all the escorts around them were paralyzed. When they saw the tokens, they could see the Lord and they had to bow down.However, compared to the group of guards, the two disciples of Ling Yunzong’s disciples were very ugly. They couldn’t think of anyway. The disciple of the second-class ancestral door actually had a purple gold token. None of them.Fortunately, their special status is the disciples of the first Lingyun cloud ancestors in Qingzhou. Otherwise, even they will have to bow to Chu Feng. It would be a shameful loss.However, Chu Feng did not care too much about them, but under the guardian lead, he entered the palace and came to a large hall.In this hall, there are already five boys and girls. They look like they are. They are younger than 18 years old. Each one has outstanding appearance and extraordinary skills. They are all disciples from the first-class doors.For these people, even Zijin City's guards dare not neglect, because they are all excellent talent, future success is limitless, sooner or later will become the pillars of this Zijin City, and even Zijin City simply can not keep them.As for the origins of these people, it is natural that this time represents the city of Zijin. See the candidates for the rookie conference. To count Chu Feng, there are just eight people.When Chu Feng and the two disciples of Ling Yunzong walked in, all of them were bright, but the amazing eyes were all looking at the two behind Chu Feng.As far as looking at Chu Feng's eyes, it was somewhat wrong. After all, as a disciple of the first-class ancestral door, from the bottom of my heart, I looked down on the disciples of the second-class ancestral door. Even the core disciples did not look down.As for Chu Feng, it is too lazy to be close to them. After all, these people are only spiritual and spiritual repairs. Although they are higher in the realm than Chu Feng, but in terms of means, Chu Feng wants to kill them just as they smash ants. It's generally easy.“Look at it, it is Wan Wenpeng!” At this moment, several people in the hall suddenly stood up and looked out of the temple in surprise.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng also turned his gaze to the past and found that a group of guards surrounded him. A handsome boy was slowly coming.This is also a disciple of the first-class door, but he is not an inner-door disciple, but is the core disciple of the first-class door."Finally, there's one. It's reasonable." When he saw this, Chu Feng smiled a bit, because the youth's cultivation was stronger than many others, but it was Yuan Wujing.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!