The hundred and eighteenth chapter Infinite Treasure “Haunting?!” Chu Feng shocked, he has learned that the Graveyard level, although I do not know what the burial specifically represents, but also know that this is a fierce land."Yes, this spell on the rock is a curse, but it is used to bind evil spirits." Eggs said."Evil spirit? What is that thing?" Chu Feng asked.“The evil spirits are actually the spirits, but when the spiritual spirits are separated from the shackles of the spiritual masters and live in the living world in their own form, they are called evil spirits.”"The evil spirits are the representatives of evil. They seek to gain power, they will slaughter souls and absorb their origins, so they will be called evil spirits.""The most important thing is that after the constitution of the contract between the spirit and the spiritual psychiatrist, the spirit can enter the spiritual world of the spiritual psychiatrist. Then he uses his body as the medium to display his strength. In short, the spirit is actually the spiritual master. Bonded.""However, when the spirit is strong enough to a certain extent, it can break the contract, break the shackles of the spiritual masters, and enter the world of the soul with their own will. To break this kind of contract, at least it needs the repair of the Tianwu situation. Otherwise it can't be done at all."“Tianwujing?” Chu Feng was once again taken aback. It was the realm of Kyushu's mainland, the most powerful of the peaks."So, every evil spirit is very strong, at least possessing the repairs of Tianwujing, and the export here is full of magic spells, indicating that evil spirits will be imprisoned here.""You think about it. Is it a simple burial where the evil spirits are imprisoned? Can a simple person be able to imprison evil spirits?""Speaking of that, I really looked down upon this Kyushu continent. At least in this area of ​​Qingzhou, there must have been a guy who had to die and grab evil spirits to guard his graveyard. This proves the method used by this tomb owner." Exclaimed."So powerful, then we have to continue to deepen it?" Listen to the eggs that so horrible, Chu Feng heart no longer emboldened.Tianwujing was a legendary realm to him. He had the evil spirits in Tianwujing. I'm afraid that people can breathe and smash themselves. If they see it, they will lose it. Little life."Don't be afraid, the curse of evil can bind evil spirits, so as long as there is a magic spell, you are safe. At least evil spirits cannot harm you.""There are boundless treasures in the burial. You can continue to explore. Even if you only get the tip of the iceberg, you will be able to gain a great deal of success and gain great benefits. It may be enough for you to step into the cultivation resources of Xuanwujing." Eggs said.Listening to the eggs, Chu Feng immediately came to power and began to explore. The world of caverns has gone far and wide, and it has become more and more vast, and the so-called curse-resolving mantra is getting more and more invisible. There are rock walls all around, but at least there are more and more spells of curses beneath them.According to the eggs, the evil spirits detained here are bound to be fierce. Otherwise, it is impossible to arrange such a powerful devil-curse. This devil-curse is not something that general spirits can arrange.The more in-depth, the more frightening Chu Feng, here is too much, just like a bottom world, as if there is no margin, even he did not know how long to go, how many miles away, but can be heard in front The sound of roaring into the water."So beautiful lake!!!"Continuing forward, the sight of Chu Feng’s eyes is actually a vast lake. The lake is teetering on the water, and the rumbling sound is emitted. Above the lake, there are countless fireflies, emitting a green light. It is their light, let Chu Feng recognize that it is a vast lake.However, at a closer look, Chu Feng discovered that it could not be a firefly, much larger than fireflies. It wasn't clear what the object was, but it was indeed a dark green light, which was very strange.The distance is too far away. The spiritual power of Chu Feng cannot be reached. It is impossible to tell what it is and whether it is dangerous.As he continued to move forward, his vision was finally broadened. He could see that the shores of Sheung Shui had countless bones. They were densely covered with banks and extended into the lake.It's terrible. I don't know how many people died, at least tens of thousands, and these bones are different from those on the outside. Most of them are crushed and broken up by external forces. But what I see is just the number of shorelines. I don't know how many bones there are."What happened to this place and how many people died." Chu Feng was surprised and approached cautiously. He found that under the bones, there were different glimmers."It is Lingzhu, not just Lingzhu. There are Yuanzhu, my God. There are really endless treasures here."From such a distance, the spiritual power of Chu Feng finally played its role. It was possible to find out that there are endless Lingzhu and Yuanzhu buried in the sea of ​​bones. There is no way to know how many there are, and it can be said that it is countless."Don't go through." Ke Chufeng just wanted to step in, but was stopped by the voice of the egg."What happened?" Chu Feng was puzzled.“The surface of the ground is covered with white bones, and it is impossible to see whether or not there is a curse. However, it is certain that these skeletons have no origin and the origin has been dried.”“That range is the range that evil spirits can attack, and whoever enters it must die. This is a trap that lures people into the trap.” The egg reminded."So, is there really evil spirits guarding? Can there be a way to escape his induction and let me enter? There are not only spiritual beads but also Yuanzhu among the bones, and many, if I can get them, It will be able to make progress."For Chu Feng, who desperately needs resources for cultivation, the treasures in that bone are really tempting. If not all of them are obtained, as long as they get a portion, the cultivation of Chu Feng can also be greatly increased. There is even an opportunity to step into Xuanwu territory."If you want to die, you will be past. Don't be blindfolded by your interests. Within the tens of thousands of bones, every pre-personal cultivation must be on top of you. Now it is not all tragic."“This burial can only be explored here. As long as there is no spiritual psychiatrist in Tianwujing to discover this place, the treasures here will be yours sooner or later. You can do it afterwards, but you must never be in doubt. Rushed in."Chu Feng was not an unwise person. Naturally he knew that the eggs were right. So after he had given some consideration, he had to wipe the mouth of saliva and turn back."呜嗷~~~~~~~~~"At this moment, a shrill roar suddenly broke out in the lake. The horror of the sound seemed to come from evil spirits under nine cuddlings.At the same time, that calm Hu Bo, it was a wave rolling, the quiet green spot on the lake, but also made a strange scream, lightning flashed to Chu Feng.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!