Chapter 117 The "Ferocious Land" "Doesn't Really Damage the Body?"Chu Feng solemnly asked, actually absorbing the original bones of the past, he already knows that absorbing the source will not harm the bones, but he still does not feel at ease. Actually in the bottom of the heart, he always feels that the source of others is disrespectful. .Others, Chu Feng will not have any remorse, but he feels reasonable and reasonable, because he does not take, and other spiritual genius will take, but this, but the mother of Su Menguo Su Mei, so Chu Feng naturally hesitated."It will definitely not damage her ontology."It seems that Chu Feng’s heart is burdened with knowing that the eggs and its dignity guarantee the road and immediately adds: “Here is definitely not her cemetery. It looks like she is undoubtedly breaking into this place. kill.""As long as you let me absorb her origins, I may be able to help you find out why she died. I think you as a friend of the sisters should really want to know how their mother died."Eggs are very clever, not only Chu Feng sees that this beautiful woman may be the mother of Su Rou’s sister, and she has already seen the clue."Well, then you said."Chu Feng nodded his head and it was too mysterious here. It is very likely that there will be huge treasures here. If the body of a strong man in Tianwu is buried here and absorbed by the egg, then the eggs can be preserved. To reach the Xuanwu territory.For Chu Feng, it was a big happy event, because it means that he will have the ability to defeat Gong Luyun, although it is not his own practice, but at least it is his own means.But Chu Feng was about to get close to the remains. The beautiful woman actually rushed over to Chu Feng, and she was actually sent out in her mouth, such as a ghost-like groan. It was very scary.And that kind of momentum is very special and very strange, but it is certain that the strong pressure of that force is comparable to the master of Wuwu Wuzhong. This can absolutely not be handled by Chu Feng."Yeah." Feeling wrong, Chu Feng subconsciously cast a dynasty technique. When Lei Guang surging, he pulled out a few meters backward.“Bang” hit this shot and the beautiful woman slammed into the ground. Although the rock on the surface was very hard, it was still rocked by a shattering stone. A half-meter deep hole appeared. This shows the power of this beautiful woman. How strong is it.When the "Min" hit it, the beautiful woman was again attacked, and this time it was faster and almost instantly."Don't panic, use the art of enchantment."The voice of the egg sounded. At the same time, Chu Feng’s body came with a feeling of hotness, an extremely strong aura, and it began to emerge from the body, and it was suddenly flooded with the body. The repair of Chu Feng had reached Lingwu. Jiuzhong.For this change, Chu Feng had long expected that he knew that it was not his own cultivation that became stronger, but that the eggs would be her cultivation and lent it to Chu Feng.When “Chu” and Chu Feng’s ideas move, they can communicate with the enchantment. The force of enchantment emerges from their minds and emerges silently and in front of them, forming an invisible wall and blocking themselves.The beautiful woman collided with the enchantment, and a loud noise came. There was a rift on the enchantment, but at the same time, she slammed back and fled backwards.When it landed, Chu Feng's discovery revealed that she had previously rushed into the enchantment area and exhaled hot air. Her face was full of fear.Chu Feng was shocked by the fact that this defensive force of enchantment was a true defense. Now that he is only mastering the primary means, he will be able to withstand the enemies with the strength of Wu Yuan Wu. If he masters the skills later, he can simply resist the enemy. Intangible, will become his strongest defense."Well, now that she has been encumbered by enchantment, although she is not smart, she will also subconsciously protect her body. However, the technique of enchantment will restrain her knowledge. Even if she has the power to crush your enchantment, she will not dare to. Close,” reminded the egg.However, Chu Feng also did not hesitate to turn his mind, and his layers of enchantment continued to condense. He began to have three layers outside and three layers, which blocked the beautiful woman until Chu Feng felt that his spiritual power would soon be exhausted.Spiritual power is equal to the power of enchantment. As the enchanter, how strong the spiritual power is, it can use much of the power of enchantment. Therefore, while arranging the enchantment, the spiritual power is also consumed. The spirit of Chu Feng is now. It is his limit to lay out so many enchantments."Quick, absorb its origin!" The eggs cheered excitedly.At the same time, Chu Feng came to his body and began to help the eggs absorb their origins. This time, because the eggs have given Chu Feng power, when Chu Feng absorbed the source, he could clearly feel it. His breath rose sharply.Soon, the atmosphere in his own body has undergone qualitative changes. It is no longer aura, but Yuan Li. After sucking up the original source, the eggs really step into the territory of Yuan Wu."Haha, succeeded." Eggs are ecstatic, jumping and jumping in the spiritual world of Chu Feng, not to mention beautiful.At this time, Chu Feng discovered that the beautiful woman who was imprisoned in the enchantment even dissipated at a rapid rate and soon became invisible."Damn! You girl, actually lied to me!" Chu Feng suddenly realized that he had taken it and absorbed other people's origins, it will not cause harm to the body, but it will completely dispel the knowledge of God."Isn't it a knowledge of God? Even if I don't absorb her origin, she will soon dissipate. Did you turn over for her and me? It's me, it's not her that can help you now!" The egg did not admit it. Instead, it seems very aggrieved."Well, things have happened. I don't want to argue too much with you. But I don't want to happen this time for the second time. Besides, you remember that I really need to rely on your strength, but it's not without you. ”Chu Feng was really angry. After all, it was probably the mother of Su Yousuo and Su Mei. Regardless of whether she possessed intelligence or not, but she completely dissipated because of herself, Chu Feng was always embarrassed."Well, knowing you're terrible, next time you don't deceive you, isn't it? I'll tell you a secret." The egg laughed mischievously."I'm sure that the sister's mother was killed by others. Because in her capacity, she could not be without a treasure, but you look at her. Although her clothing is intact, she has not seen the Qiankun bag and her breastbone. Fragmentation is obviously caused by external forces.""Of course I can see this, but the question is, who do you think is killing her? And who took away her Qiankun bags." Chu Feng asked, he really wanted to help Su Mian Su Mei, find out the killing. The culprit of their mother.In addition, Chu Feng also very much want to get the treasure here, because he not only discovered that the beautiful women's Qian Kun bag was gone, before they absorbed the original pile of white bones, and did not leave any treasures.Most of this shows that the treasures on them have already been taken away by others. Therefore, Chu Feng wanted to know who the man was. The most important thing was that he wanted to know if the man was still alive."I knew where I didn't see it again, but it was definitely human.""You're a dead girl." Chu Feng was rather annoyed and he felt like he was playing with eggs."Oh, you don't have to be thrilled either. If I'm not mistaken, most people who killed their sisters and spent their mothers are also dead. Because there are more horrible things here. Most of them are not an ancient funeral, but a Cremation!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!