The hundred and fifteenth chapter cemetery level (plus 60) night, the stars of the sky, dimmed. Only one round moon is bright and bright. However, it was constantly covered by the wandering dark clouds. When the time was hidden, it shook the faint moonlight.Land, rows of iron trees, erected them. As rooting mace, it rises. Chu Feng's surroundings were quiet, not even a trace of the wind blowing, but this special quiet, it is to bring out the strange sound of that hole."I wipe it. Are you sure that I'll get in here? That's what's going on. Can't be a ghost?"Chu Feng was a bit uneasy. He heard such a miserable voice for the first time, and it was still coming from a bottomless pit. It was like a ghost from hell. He told his own grievances and was very infiltrated."Afraid of fear, do not forget that you are a spiritual division, destined to deal with the ghost thing, or how do you help me absorb its origin?!" Egg scolded."Isn't it, the half-sky spirit division is born tomb?" Chu Feng speechless."Otherwise, what do you think? The spiritual psychic and the spiritual psychic are able to capture things that ordinary people can't capture. In the cemetery of Xiuqiang Wuqiang, there are also a lot of treasures. It is simply the best shortcut for Xiuwu.""It is so difficult to repair Wuwu. Only fools will not take this shortcut.""If you say that by your side, what's the following barking really is a ghost?"Chu Feng's mind was tight, and demons and ghosts were all legends. However, as his vision opened up, he discovered that there were monsters, monsters, and repairs, and that he would go to the devil and slaughter the world and be seen as a demon. If this is inferred, then the so-called ghost may really exist."What a terrible ghost, haven't you seen it already?" said the egg."When did I see ghosts?" Chu Feng thought carefully, but he never remembered the so-called ghosts he had seen."The old man you met when you were at the Tomb of the Bone, didn't you mean?" reminded the egg."What? It was a ghost, how could it be that he was so powerful!"Chu Feng was greatly surprised because the old man he saw that night made him feel very profound. Although he did not give off any breath, Chu Feng still felt that he was strong and powerful enough to describe it, so he never expected it. That person will be a ghost."When Xiuwu reaches a certain state, the knowledge of God will become very strong. After death, the knowledge of God will never be lost, and it will float everywhere. This is what you call the ghost.""But the spirits of the divisional psychic are very strong. After the death, the spiritual power is integrated with God's knowledge, and it is possible to control God's every move and continue to live in another form.""Although it is not as powerful as it used to be, it also has the means to go against the sky. The old man you met on that day was such a strong person, and your spiritual power was blocked and the one who inspired you."The eggs told me one by one. Although Chu Feng was in a coma on the same day, she had no egg. So she met the old man and did everything for Chu Feng.After listening to her words, Chu Feng suddenly realized that he had long had spiritual power. It was only because of special reasons that he could not be stimulated. This means that his spiritual power is also born."Every place with such a strong sense of deity, most of the underground buildings have an ancient burial. It is just that the bones and tombs of all people have so many bones, and that the old man's words are hidden, so most of it will not be simple ancient. The burial is likely to be a burial.” Egg continued to tell."What is the burial?" Chu Feng is puzzled, but he can also hear the powerfulness."You stupid, you really don't understand anything, and forget about it. To make you a qualified practitioner, I'll tell you about it so that I don't have to go out and look down on someone in the future.""Remember, ordinary people's graveyards are called tombs. Although the tombs will also have some organs, some secret treasures, when it is it is also ordinary people can crack, only the low-level spirit division, will go to spy on the tombs, Empty graveyard is the tomb.""And those graveyards that are privileged are ancient burial. The ancient burial is not a burial for a long time. It is a title to measure the rank of the cemetery. It is very dangerous in the burial, and there are organ traps that ordinary people cannot perceive. Even in a strange situation, only the spiritual psychiatrist can perceive the crack. Therefore, the ancient burial is the place that embodies the spiritual psychiatrist's value.”"As for the burial, the burial is not a simple master of cultivating Wu. It is very likely that it is a fierce affair. What is this kind of thing? It cannot be determined. It may be a human or a beast. It may be alive or it may be dead. ”"Most of the monsters are strong enough to reach a certain point, they will die after death, or monsters that have never died. Sealed in a certain place. This type of cemetery is very dangerous. Into them, most of them go without return and may even give up Monsters are a disaster."“So this kind of cemetery is called burial. Unless it is a spiritual psychic who has the ability to go through the sky, nobody basically dares to open it, it will cause a disaster.”"It is no wonder that there is such a thing. No wonder Elder Zhuge is interested in Wan Bone Grave." Chu Feng suddenly realized that the value of the original spiritual division was embodied in the cemetery.“That bone tomb is very powerful, most of it is burial, and the danger is dangerous, but it certainly contains a huge treasure, not to mention other things. If it can absorb the old body's remains, my strength will also rise. It's just a pity that you can't even touch the bones and tombs now, or you will not die if you have ten thousand.""But the old man seems to have something to do with you, so he will leave the map on you, but the map contains hidden mysteries. If you do not reach a certain level of strength, you will not be able to open the ancient burial.""But if you open up that bone tomb in the future, the old man will certainly wish you a hand. At least it will give you certain benefits. Of course, if it is good, you must pay a certain price.""And the burial is too dangerous for you. Even if you have a map in hand, you can't open it. So at the moment, you don't want to think about that burial, but you should explore this ancient burial." ”Eggs here are a little excited. After all, in ancient burials, most of them have the remains of Xiuwu masters. The strong origin is what she most yearns for."Well, since it's all coming, we can't go empty-handed!"Chu Feng nodded and did not leap forward. When he jumped into the black hole, he hurriedly cast out a variety of bows, condensed two daggers in his hands, and inserted the dagger into the black walls of the black hole. Go down little by little.At first, Chu Feng was very slow, but he soon became familiar with this kind of movement and began to dive quickly. The more he dive, the more clearly the cry of the woman made Chu Shih, who has always been bold, he could not help but have a back bone. The wind felt chilly."Don't be afraid. Most of this is only wandering souls. You may be a master during your lifetime, but after death you are not your opponent. Your enchantment technique can be restrained." It seems that you feel the panic in Chu Feng's heart, reminding you of the heavy eggs. Road."En." Chu Feng nodded his head, fixed his mind, continue to dive, and finally a steady foot, came to the bottom.This is a huge cavern. Although it is dark, it can feel its emptyness. Chu Feng took out the Spiritual Compass, a spiritual force instilled in it, and suddenly there was a bright light, a dark cave, and bright lights."This is!!!" However, when the field of vision became clear, Chu Feng was face-lifted and shocked by the scene.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!