The hundred and fourth chapter of the ancient burial (Gaya 59) "This is certainly not cheating!" Sumei quickly explained."What is it?" Chu Feng was curious."That, at best, is a little help I personally provided for you because of my friendship." Su Mei's sweet smile soon turned to everyone not far away and whispered:"You must not be careless. These are not the disciples of Qinglong, but the disciples of first-class doors. What they have learned is, in some ways, stronger than us.""But I'm optimistic about you. Although they are actually higher than you, they are all older than you. I believe when you are 18, you must be stronger than they are."Having said this, Su Mei walked with his little hands and jumped to the side of Su Rou. The two sisters waved together to Chu Feng, and they left together.Looking at this pair of sisters' flowers, Chu Feng’s heart is complex. Although he had previously guessed that Su Lu’s identity with Su Mei was special, she did not think that she was so powerful.At this moment, Chu Feng was suddenly a bit confused. He felt that his own guess was wrong. This pair of sisters was in Qinglong Zong. It should not be to win over potential people, because with his family's strength, there will be many powerful ones. People are willing to serve them. Why should they be drawn?"What are your goals and why should you be so attracted to me?"Chu Feng was very embarrassed. Even though he was very good for him, he would not forget that the pair of sisters had come into contact with him for the first time."That's called Su Mei's little girl. Mostly like you, kid, don't live up to others." Suddenly, a sweet voice sounded, and the egg of the spiritual world opened."Hey, how do you know?" Chu Feng asked grinningly."This is a woman's intuition, but you better not have bad thoughts for her. The girl is still young. You shouldn't ruin people. I suggest you start with that sister first.""I go, what are you thinking about in your mind?" Chu Feng naturally understood the meaning of the words in the egg, but he couldn't think of it. The girl could say it out so straightforwardly."Don't be serious, you dare to say that you don't want to start this pair of sisters?""I want to start with you now." Chu Feng smiled wickedly."You dare!" The egg was a bit embarrassing, and quickly changed the subject: "This time your kid, maybe you have to go to the big fortune.""What does that mean?" Chu Feng said."The red fog that Nasime said is, most of the following are buried there!""An old funeral? What is that!!!""You didn't understand it when you said it. Then when you enter the Ghostland Forest, you will know that if you are really an ancient burial, you will get some benefits."The eggs sold off the cheeks, and Chu Feng no longer asked because she knew eggs would not harm her. After all, the two had concluded psychic contracts. If Chu Feng’s life really happened, then what happened? The spiritual world will also collapse. At that time, most of the repairs to the eggs today will be fatal.After that, Sue Zhu, the city owner of Zhuque City, announced the rivalry method of this rookie meeting. As Su Mei said, it is only on the one-day limit that the top ten hunters can kill the horned beast. Compared to the qualifications of the fight, the final winner is naturally the winner of the rookie conference.In addition, Su also sent out a map of Ghostland Forest to each of the 200 newcomers, and drew a red field on it, clearly telling everyone that the red zone should not enter, otherwise it would be life and death.The specific cause of the suzhou mark did not say, saying only that it was very dangerous, and the map of this ghost-corner forest only painted a red domain, but there was no black * domain that Su Mei said.After some regular remarks, Su Mark brought Chu Feng and others away from the city of Suzaku and entered the Suzaku Mountain and came to the so-called Ghostland Forest.The black forest is endless, and the wood is like a needle. This is where the trees are. It is simply a sharp weapon. The most important thing is in this forest. You can't hear the cries of any animals. The quietness is somewhat strange."Boy, do not delay us back, otherwise you have good looks." Lin, Zijin City, a few people, with a threatening look, looked at Chu Feng, then swept away.For their contempt, Chu Feng smiled a bit. Like them, this is a trick. Chu Feng is really too lazy to deal with them and hits them. His hands will be dirty.Seeing that, with a variety of splendid figures, she flounced into the depths of the forest of ghost-horns. Chu Feng was rushing to insert the map in his hands into the pocket of Qiankun, and took out the Sumei to him. map.After careful consideration, Chu Feng chose a peculiar route. He interspersed several places where the horned beasts were the most concentrated, and the end of the route was the Sumei and Suxian, the reds that were banned from entering. *area.Chu Feng exhibited a princely technique and was able to run quickly. He rushed through the forest and soon discovered the so-called ghost-horned beast.The body is like a horse. If the giant elephant is big, the body is dark, like a black armor, and the temperament is violent. In addition to other creatures in the same category, when he sees other creatures, he will launch a fierce attack. The other savage beasts are no different.However, the beast was, after all, an evil beast. In front of Chufeng, it was completely vulnerable, even if it was an adult ghost horn beast that grew purple tentacles, it was not an opponent of Chu Feng.Chu Feng walks all the way, all ghosts and animals encountered will not let go, after the killing will use the psychic method, with the help of the power of the world's eggs, to devour the origin of these guys, although their cultivation based It is also very weak. Little help is given to eggs, but Chufeng will not be wasted.When Chu Feng smashed the horned beast, which had two hundred feet, he finally came to the so-called red zone. It was only relatively quiet, but he did not see the so-called red fog."Are you sure that you can benefit here?" Chu Feng was disappointed. He looked at it with his spiritual power, but he did not find it at all."Your spiritual strength, or do not come up with shame and ugliness, if the burial can be seen by your spiritual power, it is not an burial.""Take out your compass and use it to detect."After listening to the eggs, Chu Feng suddenly realized that he quickly removed the Spiritual Compass and removed the Jieling Compass. A strange indictor figure did appear. However, Chu Feng couldn't see why, but it was revealed by the egg. doorway.According to the instructions of the eggs, Chu Feng began to set up an enchantment line in a special area. Because Chu Feng's blunt technique and the lack of spiritual power, it could consume a lot of time in Chufeng, and it took until late at night. carry out.When the enchantment circle was opened, the enchantment field disappeared. Instead, it was a deep, bottomless hole that was dark and invisible. However, there were strange voices from the hole. If you listen carefully, you will find that it is like a woman crying.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!