Chapter 116. Su Lusheng's mother? The jagged patterns on the jagged rocks are spells and spells that give people an unspeakable feeling. In a word, they are very uncomfortable.Not far away in Chufeng, there are heaps of bones. Although less bones are like skeletons than bones, the number of eyes is also surprising."Wow, a lot of sources, quick, help me absorb them." Eggs are ecstatic, as if a treasure was found."Wait, that ghost is watching us!" Chu Feng's heart was tight. He found a figure behind the piles of bones.It was a beautiful woman, wearing a silk dress, long hair plate behind her head, well-dressed, makeup and the atmosphere, now staring at Chufeng, alertly, and shedding sobbing crying in her mouth.This is the so-called ghost. To be precise, this is a deified after death, because her body is almost transparent, and it is shimmering with faint glare. It is not a physical body.However, after careful examination, Chu Feng was surprised. She actually felt a touch of familiarity from the face of this beautiful woman. This beautiful woman looks even more similar to Suzuki's sister."You are?" Think of an amazing possibility. Chu Feng rushed to ask.“唰” could have just opened Chu Maple. The Taoist sense of the Tao was born with fear, and his stature turned. He actually drifted away, the speed was very fast, and he disappeared in the blink of an eye."That saga is not wise, but only instinct. Whatever you ask her, she will not answer because she has no memory at all."“The other person should die for a long time. The knowledge of God will soon be dissipated. Today's power is very weak and it will not hurt you at all, so you don’t have to control her.”"Now, you will quickly help me to devour these origins. The complete body of so many cultivators, whose origin is very strong, will definitely allow me to make a great leap. Maybe I am able to step into the peak of Lingwu!"The egg reminds us that it is terrifying that she devoured the origin and cultivated it. Before Chu Feng let her swallow up, the origin of two hundred adult horned beasts had already left this unedited gimmick, and it was not lost in Chu. The power of Feng has now reached the eight levels of wushu. If these original sources of bones are swallowed up, it is indeed possible to break through to the peak of Lingwu.Chu Feng nodded his head and did not crap. He began to devour the origin of these remains, and the invisible suction spread. Among the bones of the mountain, the invisible gas emerged. This is the source, and cannot be seen by the naked eye. It is only spiritual power. Can detect.The origin of the influx of Chu Feng inside the body, dozens of engulfed eggs, in the spiritual world, the skull sat cross-legged, like cultivation in general, refining these sources, and her cultivation is also beginning to make rapid progress."Quickly, go quickly, help me find the body of that knowledge, and be able to unite the person who knows him. At least there is a practice of Xuanwujing before my death. If we refine her source, I will be able to step into Yuanwujing."After swallowing all of the bones here, the egg really stepped into Lingwu Jiuju. She was even more excited because she felt more and more that this place was an burial place where she could get great benefits."You girl, too bad."Chu Feng was extremely speechless. It is reasonable to say that his speed of cultivation was a counterattack, but compared with this girl, it was not worth mentioning. In half a day's time, he went from repairs to nothing and stepped into Lingwu Jiuzhong. It's really terrible.Marvel at the exclamation of surprise, Chu Feng's feet did not stop, holding a compass, and began to go deep into the cave, along the cry to find the woman's body, and on the way to find, Chu Feng also asked by curiosity : "Where did the bones come from? Just look at that, you should die for a long time?!""Is this still a question? Whether intentionally or unintentionally, those are the victims of the burial," explained the egg.After hearing this, Chu Feng secretly secretly shocked, although those people have become a bone, but Chu Feng from the source of power can also feel that those who live before it should be Yuan Wu environment, so a variety of military environment is so dead, At least this ancient burial is very dangerous.However, at the moment there is a compass in the hands of the world, the danger can be predicted, so Chu Feng is not too worried, his thoughts still remain in the beauty of the woman, he had a hunch that the woman is likely to Soft sisters are related."Isn't it the mother of the two girls? Is it saying that this is the graves of the city's women?"However, after thinking about it, Chu Feng did not feel right. If the beautiful woman is really the mother of Su Luo's sister, Su Yan’s wife, how could she be buried here, and she did not even have a tombstone, and why did she cry? And crying so miserable?With all sorts of questions, Chu Feng walked through this cave. Under the guidance of the Lingling Compass, he finally heard the sad cry again. When Chu Feng was approaching again, he discovered the horror, next to the beautiful woman. There are indeed remains.This remains has already been corrupted into bones, but his clothes are still there. Although some are broken, it can be seen that it is the long silk dress worn by the beautiful woman. Obviously, this is the body of the beautiful woman. ."Wonderful, it really is the remains of the Xuanwujing. Although it is only a heavy one, it is also considered to be an improvisation. As long as we refine it, I will be able to break through the territory of Yuanwu." The voice of the joy of the egg was heard in the mind.“No, this woman’s origin cannot allow you to refine it.” Chu Feng stopped the road. Although he could not be sure, he felt that this beautiful woman was probably the mother of Su Lu’s sister, for the mother of her friend. Remains, Chu Feng does not want to destroy."Are you stupid? It's just taking the roots, and it won't destroy her remains. Moreover, she's already dead. This spiritual knowledge today is not smart. It's getting weaker now and it will soon dissipate. of.""Her original source, if I can refine my life, I will be able to reach Yuanwu territory. It will be of great benefit to you. Now that you have become the Eight Immortals, you can overcome the power of Yuanwujing.""But if I attach your body and lend my strength to you, then you can reach the goal of Yuanwu. By then, even if you are a Master of Mighty Power, you may not be your opponent. Do you want to miss such a good opportunity? ”Hearing this way, Chu Feng is also touched. Yuan Wujing, if true as the egg says, can use her strength to herself and let her strength reach Yuan Bujing. It is indeed a great temptation to say.Because according to Chu Feng’s current strength, if he can reach Yuan’s situation, he would not say that Yuan Wu’s triple-play, I’m afraid that Yuan Wu’s four-fold can be a battle. If such a powerful fighting force, how can Chu Feng not desire, especially? It was the time of the year’s engagement and the countdown period had already begun.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!