Chapter 113 Cheats The sisters spend their lives on the lookout of the country, the big charm, the sweetness, the sweetness, the flavor, and the flavor of each.When these two appeared, the beauties on the court suddenly became overshadowed. Only Chen Yan's unique glory could only be compared with the two.All the people present were attracted by the sisters' flowers. Apart from the beauty, the identity of the two people is also amazing because behind them, following the many strong people of Suzaku Town, every one of them is It is not weaker than the present townsmen. Both are the peaks of Yuanwu.The most important thing is that these strong people are actually respectful to two beautiful women. They are like subordinates. This makes people very curious. They can treat the strong squeaks of Suzaku City like this. What kind of people are these sisters?“These two are the two daughters of the city of Zhuque City. They are Sumerin Sumei.” But there are also sharp-eyed people who recognize the identity of the sisters and cry out loud.And when the man opened his mouth, it made people feel shocked. How could such a beautiful woman with a special identity be a Qinglong Zong person? In their capacity, even if you enter Lingyun, you can do it? Why do you want to enter a second-class door?Various questions, in the hearts of the people one after another, constantly emerged, but the most depressing at the moment, it is the fat man, because at the moment of Su Miao Su Mei, is leading Zhu Qiang Zhu Qiang, imposing to them."You just said that my disciple of Qinglongzong came from the beginning to the end. This is not to put my Qinglong Emperor in my eyes, right?" Su Rou smiled, but looked like a knife and saw the fat person flustered for a while. , I do not know how to interpret it as well.At the moment, the fat man, who has regretted his intestines, is always in his intestines. He regrets that Chu Feng must be humiliated by Chen Hui because he could not think of anyway. The two daughters of the Zhuque City were all Qinglongzong people. One of them is still elders."I ask you!" To see that the fat man did not answer, Su Rou suddenly took a slam, and put out the pressure of basalt's weight, and he frightened the fat man back a few steps, and he sat on the ground with a sound."A basalt! Such an age is a basalt?"At this moment, everyone was shocked. Even the blank expression of Chen Xixi, who was always cold and cold, was also brightening up. Because Su Lu’s age was only a young woman of the early twenties, she entered the Xuanwu area at such an age. This talent is unimaginable."You have listened well. Don't think that you are a disciple at first-class doors, and you look down at second-class doors. When I was in the glory of Qinglongzong, nobody in the entire Kyushu continent dared to look down." Said proudly.At this moment, over the vast square, there is no sound. First of all, no one dared to refute Su Lu's words. In fact, what Su Su said was true.Even if it is now in Qingzhou, Lingyunzong, the most beautiful scenery, is only in the scenery of Qingzhou. If he is placed on the entire continent, compared with the first case of his eight states, it is only the end.However, the Tsing Lung Chung is different. Do not look at it is now a second-class door. However, under the leadership of the Qinglong Daoist, Qinglong Sect was able to contend with the Emperor Jiang's dynasty. The Qinglong Taoist was even known as the No. 1 player in the Kyushu Continent. Its strength is simply frightening.The glory of Qinglong Zong is irreproducible and unprecedented. Even though Qinglong is indeed declining, no one can deny that it once possessed glory."Role, what are you doing?" At this moment, a vigorous and powerful voice suddenly exploded in the sky like a thunder and falling into the air.As you can see, people are all changing their faces. Twenty city-owners are even on the ground. They say, “Come and see Su Cheng!”The city of Zhuque City, the father of Su Sui Sumei's father, Su Shou came out. He was two meters tall and three. He was in a sturdy posture. He was wearing a golden armor and looked like a god of war. Every step he took, the land would quiver slightly.Seeing this, even the first-class disciples who pretend to be extraordinary are also face-tight and afraid to be disrespectful, because this suoch is the number one figure in Qingzhou.The strength is unfathomable and the status is higher than that of the second-class patriarch. Even if the patriarch of the first-class ancestor saw him, he did not dare to neglect it. Not to mention these disciples."You don't have to go to courtesy." Su is very easy-going to smile. He walks beside him and says, "How can you talk to your elders like this?"“Father, this thing can't blame my sister. They look down....” Upon seeing this, Sumei quickly evacuated Su Lu."Oh, this matter passed by this, and Hugh could mention it again."Su Yun waved his hand, and then he would apologize a bit, and said a few words with the fat man, in fact he was a slap to give a sweet date, Su Rou just had to do, he had seen with his own eyes, the reason why This time only came out to speak, is nothing more than to let Su Rou, for him to suppress the fat man.After all, sending Su Mousu ​​and the United States to Qinglong Sect was also his intention. At the bottom of the heart, he didn't like other people to say that Qinglong was not because it was tantamount to negating his decision. It was just such a thing. He was the owner of the city again. Hard to say, after all, because of this kind of thing, to train their own subordinates, there are some that can not be justified.At this moment, the city-owners, who also led the talented people of their respective regions, came together to make a polite conversation. At this time, Su Mei drove Chu Feng to one side."Chu Feng, this rookie meeting, you will enter the Ghostland Forest. The Ghostland Forest is a land of curses. Among them is a group of brutal beasts. That is Ghost Horned beast.""Ghost Horned Animals are born with a spiritual and spiritual cultivation. As the body grows, the strength will be greatly enhanced. Adult horned beasts will have a purple horn on their forehead, and any horn that grows Horned beasts, strength will reach Lingwu nine.""Your mission this time is to hunt adult horned beasts and use ghost angles as a basis. One day is the limit. The top ten hunters are hunted to return for a match here. The winner's city You can avoid this year's tribute tax, and get five thousand Lingzhu as a reward for cultivation." Su Mei leaned in Chu Feng ear, quietly said."To obtain the first place, not only can we get five thousand Lingzhu, but we can also avoid taxation. The old fellow Chen Hui got more benefits than me." Chu Feng said secretly."Whatever you want, close this quickly." Sumei, put a scroll into the hands of Chu Feng."This is ...." Chu Feng took a look and he can see that this small scroll should be a map.“This is a map of the Ghostland Forest. The black part is where the adult horned beasts gather. The larger the black area, the larger the number of adult horned beasts, which will help you to hunt adult ghost horn beasts.”"However, remember that the red part must not go. There is always a strange red fog, a fog, and it will surely be dead. It is as horrible as the Thirsty Tomb of the Dragon Emperor." Sumei whispered.At this moment, Chu Feng finally understood the intentions of the Soviet Union and the United States. After bringing the scrolls into pockets of money, he summoned Su Mei's ear and smiled: "Is this cheating?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!