The eleventh chapter self-inflicted and insulted (Gai more 9) "A piece of martial arts, a hundred-armed fist, actually has reached the point where Dacheng!"The hall was exclaimed and discerning people had already seen that what Chu Chu really displayed was a kind of martial art.Although this hundred-armed fist is just a martial arts, if it can cultivate to the point of great achievement, it is also very powerful.At the same level, if there is no corresponding countermeasure against martial arts, it will inevitably be lost. Therefore, people all know that Chu Feng must be defeated.Chu Yue frowned and quietly stepped forward two steps, trying to prevent Chu Zhen secretly poisoned."Chu Yue, watching battles, you don't know this rule."At this time, a voice rang in the ear and looked back. Chu Cheng was staring at Chuyue with a smile.Chu Yue's dark cry was not good, and she could not think of this Chu Cheng would be so mean, actually secretly staring at her.The more so, the more representative, the two brothers, will not easily let Chufeng, which makes her more worried.The sky-fighting shadow almost obscured Chu Feng's sight and was accompanied by a breaking wind to storm him.Chu Feng was able to feel that Chu Zhen's boxing force was no exception. He did not show the slightest sign of his hand. This shows that he was really worried.However, Chu Feng has no fear, but stands in the spot, does not flinch, and waits for his attack to come."Is this Chu Feng silly? How can I hide it?""He wants to hide, but can he hide? It is estimated that he has not reacted to his strength.""That's also true, but he spent five years at the outer door."People see Chu Feng does not hide, all thought that Chu Feng was really scared by Chu Qianwei silly, his face showing a gloating smile.Just as Chu Zhen approaches, Chu Feng's big sleeves suddenly wave, and a powerful atmosphere bursts from the body.That breath hit, suddenly let Chu is one of them, because he was in the breath, felt murderous.In the real effort of Chuzheng God, Chu Feng suddenly slammed, and the speed was fast. He did not wait for people to respond. It was already on top of Chu's chest."Hey" hit a hand, Chu Zhen suddenly felt blood tumbling, a pain came from the chest."Hey," but he still had time to think, Chu Feng is a few palms together, again hit one by one."Yeowowow," Chu really yelled and his legs were soft. He was actually kneeling directly in front of Chu Feng, and then he was unable to kneel down on the ground.In this scene, the people watching are stunned because they cannot think of it anyway. Chu Feng will have such an explosive force.However, they do not even know that this is the result of Chu Feng’s staying with his hand. If he just does not, he will be able to kill Chu."You are the four of Lingwu?" Then Chu Wei spoke up, his eyes staring at Chu Feng tightly, full of shock."What?"After Chu Wei’s remarks came out, people finally responded that they could not use martial arts to defeat the Chinese aggressors. This really needs the strength of the four abilities.However, when the vocabulary of the four-year-old Lingwu was linked with Chufeng, people felt unbelievable and unacceptable.Not to mention them, even Chu Yue is also a round-eyed, small mouth slightly opened, his face covered with surprise.Chu Feng ignored the crowd, but went straight to the desk and collected three of them. He then walked toward the door."You stopped for me and your family discussed it. What did you really care about when you were so heavy?" At this moment, Li Li suddenly rang.Looking forward, Chu Cheng has already picked up Chu Hsu. However, Chu Cheng's face is full of anger. His younger brother was beaten so badly that he could not bear it."What? This time I think of me as a Chu family? Didn't you say that before?” Chu Feng said indifferently, and then said: “What's more, you said, fists and eyes, if anyone is injured, don’t Complaining, what is your situation now? Can't afford to lose?""Fart, I can not afford to lose it? Obviously you deliberately squatted." Chu Zhen biting teeth endure pain, loudly reprimanded.As a party, he knew very well that Chu Feng’s hand had already defeated him, but Chu Feng’s repeated handfuls were on him, apparently intentionally, intentionally embarrassing him.To listen to him this way, Chu Feng laughed again: "I have just entered the four arms of Chu Feng and I don't know much about my strength.""While your previous military skills are so strong, I naturally do not dare to downplay your opponents, so that you can do your best to deal with them.""Who thought that you were a paper tiger, weak enough to be vulnerable? I told you to look at you.""You ...." listen to Chu Feng this one said, Chu really looks pale, gas straight up fart, almost did not spit out the liver.Being defeated by the waste in the eyes of all people did not say that it was still insulted by the public and it was hard for him to bear.However, if he can't be reconciled, he has nothing to say. Because the rules just now are indeed his two brothers."Chu Feng, you should not be too arrogant, kind of you and I fight" at this time, another Chu family stood out."Hey? You also want to learn from me? Yes, to be a beast of faeries, dare?" Chu Feng reached out to the man.This is exactly the same with Chu Zhen. They are Qinglong Zong who joined Chu Feng. His strength is not as good as Chu Zhen.If he wants him to play against Chu Feng, he dares to, but he can't really dare to take a bet with Faerie."Why? Who else wants to come out, you can stand up, as long as you are willing to give up."Chu Feng has swept his eyes to everyone, but none of them dared to look at Chu Feng. They were not afraid of Chu Feng. They just couldn’t dare to bet on the fairy grass. That was their lifeblood."Chu Feng, you don't want to go too far." Finally, Chu Wei spoke up."What? Chu Wei Big Brother also wants to learn from me? If I remember correctly, you should be five years older than me.""If you don't mind being told to be bullied by a bully, I wouldn't mind trying it with you. Anyway, if I lose, I won't lose. If I win, I will make a big profit."He listened to Chu Feng, saying that while Chu Wei was clasped by both fists, he did not say much again.Because Chu Feng was quite right, he didn't like Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen. He said that they were almost the same as Chu Feng.However, he is not. He is not a boy. Even if he wins Chu Feng with his age, he will be gossiped.Most of the people in the hall saw their heads lowered. Chu Feng suddenly smiled. He smiled happily, but before he turned, he said a word:"When I leave, I will send you two sentences. One is self-righteous, the other is self-inflicted and insulting. As for the meaning of this, you should realize it by yourself." Having said this sentence, Chu Feng broke through the door and chicly. Leave.At this moment, the atmosphere in the mansion became extremely embarrassing. He wanted to make Chu Feng ugly. This could be a good deed. He was insulted by Chu Feng, and was still in front of several outsiders. This really made them feel that they face no face. .However, the most unacceptable to the people is the strength of Chu Feng. Chu Feng was thought to be the most wasteful person in the Chu family. Today, Chu Feng actually entered the four classes of Lingwu, and it surpassed many people. It made them feel very shame.Chu Feng walked out of the mansion, in the heart called a cool, he was almost bullied by these people, and finally bullied them today.In fact, this is not bullying. Chu Feng was only forced by them. However, Chu Feng was extremely refreshing."Chu Fengdi." However, Chu Feng has not yet come out far, and the sweet call came from behind. It was Chuyue.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!