Chapter 112: Facing the "Million Brothers," I can't think of you as the core disciple of the genre of listening to Fengzong. I was really the first person in the Zijin City juniors."Million brother, at the age of eighteen, he will enter the territory of Yuanwu. It is good for the young girl to be envious.""Wan Brothers has made a horse. This time, I'm Zijin City. I am sure that I will be the No. 1 pick in the rookie conference."After the ten thousand writers came on stage, the remaining teenagers and adolescents in the hall were all in front of the body and set up with the ten thousand Wen Peng. It looked like they were all old acquaintances.“You are really looking at me and writing a lot. Don't say that there are many talented people in other Zhucheng cities. When you say this Zijin City alone, I don’t dare to claim first.”Wan Wenpeng shook his head modestly, but it can be seen from his smile that he likes people to praise him."Oh, isn't it in my junior high school in Zijin City, there are more people than the Wan Brothers?" People expressed surprise.“I don’t know if you don’t know. I’m Miss Chen Yuxi of the Imperial City House of Zijin City. I entered Yuan Wujing a year ago. Now that I’ve become the core disciple of Ling Yunzong?” Wan Wenpeng smiled.“The news of the Wan Brothers was really well-informed. We just recently learned that we didn’t even think of the million brothers.” The two young men who had mocked Chu Feng spoke before, and they were the inside disciple of Ling Yunzong, naturally. Know Ling Yunzong’s work.“In this case, is this true?” At the moment, several other people were shocked. Ling Yunzong was the first door in Qingzhou, and he could become the core disciple of Ling Yunzong, and that’s what it means. Heaven's favored, identity status is definitely not what they can match.Even if that million Wen Peng, is the core disciple of the first-class door, but compared with the core disciple of Ling Yunzong, he is still worse.“Chen Yuxi is indeed very powerful. But I heard that many years ago, she left her mother’s death because of her death. She never returned to Zijin City for several years. I am afraid that this year’s rookie conference will not return, because in her eyes, the honor of Zijin City is in her eyes. It has nothing to do with her." Someone sighed."Who said I would not return." But at this moment, a fierce voice suddenly sounded outside the temple. It was a surprise to watch everyone.When I saw a young girl standing outside the temple, she was watching a few people in the temple. Behind her, Chen Hui and all the generals were standing there. The young girl is Chen Yuxi in people's mouth."This ...." See Chen Xixi, the formerly open-minded boy, with pale face, dared not speak again."Is it your sister who cherishes my sister? Can you still recognize me?Upon seeing this, Wan Wenpeng sorted out his robes and smiled at the past. When Chen Xixi left Zi Jincheng, she was still a little girl, but now she has grown into a slim girl, although her face has changed greatly. However, the unique cold temperament is still there."Chen Hui, to go to Suzaku City, the road is far away, we still leave early." However, it is surprising that Chen did not even look Wan Wenpeng Wan Wenpeng, and also call his father's name.In this case, Chen Hui just laughed and arranged the carriage to take Chu Feng and others to Suzaku City.As for the thousands of Wenpeng, it was ugly and stunned, and stood in a blank place. I do not know what to do. Because he couldn’t think of it anyway, this Chen Xie will be like this to him."Oh, this girl is proud, but it's also worth a bit of pride."For this scene, Chu Feng, who is a bystander, smiles a bit because he has already seen that Chen Yuxi has a dual cultivation of Yuan Wu. Such an age is indeed extraordinary, at least in his Qinglong. In this case, it is very rare.After this, Chen Hui called for 10 carriages. Each carriage was very luxurious. There were various foods in the carriages, and there were also servings. It can be seen that Chen Hui attached great importance to Chu Feng and others.However, it is normal to think about it. After all, these ten people are within a thousand miles. The best junior figures, each of whom are talented, will have unlimited success in the future.Whoever may be, will become the big man of Qingzhou in the future. At that time, he would not say that Zijin City, even if it is Suzaku City, will not be placed in the eyes.For this type of person, even if Chen Huigui is the owner of the city, he does not dare to offend him. He only has to flatter and even flatter him.As a result, under the escort of the army of the Forbidden City, ten luxury carriages advanced into Suzaku City and finally reached their destination five days later.The city of Suzaku was built on a hill and was not as luxurious as it was supposed to be. It was a quaint city filled with ancient and mysterious atmosphere.Suzaku City's strength is similar to that of the second-class door Qinglong Zong. However, the position is not inferior to the first-class door. As for the reason, it is naturally because of Jiang's dynasty.Therefore, even if all the talented people are disciples of first-class ancestral gates, in the territory of the Zhuque City, they do not dare to be disrespectful. On the contrary, they all want to put on some relations with this Suzaku Town.Of course, in this respectable world, what they are afraid of is definitely not Suzaku City. It is the Jiang Kuang Dynasty behind the Suzaku City. It is the monster that ruled Kyushu.At this moment, in the city of Suzaku, a magnificent giant square with twenty teams of horses standing neatly in it, the twenty second-class cities under the jurisdiction of Zhuque City have arrived.Twenty city owners, each with their own carefully invited young talents, stepped down from the carriage. The disciples from all walks of life, dressed in distinctive costumes, gathered in the center of the square."Oh, this is not Chen Hui."A group of people came to Chen Hui and others and was led by a fat man. He was a second-class city-owner. He had had some holidays with Chen Hui, so the two never came together.Behind the fat man, he followed a group of boys and girls, each of which was arrogant and defiant, and he could not wait to raise his face to heaven.“There is something going on?” Chen Hui brows slightly, looking at the ten teenagers behind the fat man, all from Ling Yunzong, and one of the teenagers was actually a core disciple. He knew that fat people came to the demonstration."You said this to me, you and I have known each other for a long time. Can't you say hello if you have nothing?"The fat man smiled a little and looked at his eyes slightly. He looked at Chu Feng and others behind Chen Hui. When he saw Chen Xixi, he could not help but wrinkle his brow slightly. His eyes flashed in disappointment.This time I thought that I had invited so many talented talents to be able to press Chen Hui on the momentum and took the opportunity to humiliate, but I couldn’t think of Chen Hui. I even found the core disciple of Ling Yunzong. It's hard for him to speak.However, when he looked at him and saw Chu Feng, he suddenly rejoiced and immediately said: "Chen Hui, you Zijin City is no one? Why even Qinglongzong's disciples are looking for a few.""If Zijin City can't find a decent junior, you can tell me, ah, I'll borrow you two brothers, hahaha..."He said a lot of this sentence, deliberately to all people around to hear it, sure enough, he spoke out, the people of all parties in the city, all eyes will be cast over, and saw Chu Feng, all in the mouth set off a touch of contempt radian. For this kind of scene, the disciple of the second-class ancestral door did not take any action.For this situation, Chen Hui does not know how to refute. In fact, if it is not Su Lu’s request, he is not willing to invite Chu Feng here. After all, the parties are invited to the first-class disciples, and Only Zijin City, he found a disciple of the second-class ancestral door. From the facade, it was not good-looking."Are you looking down on Qinglongzong?"At this moment, a woman’s voice suddenly sounded and she watched. All of us couldn’t help but see a pair of beautiful sisters spending slowly and they were all dressed in their bodies. Second class door "Qinglong" costumes.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!