The 127th chapter kills the Seven Injuries Box (Gaileng 62). A black gold blade has been separated from the hand of Ding Qiu. It flies out of the bucket stage and is inserted into the ground. The left hand of Ding Chou is unable to drip. , obviously the injury is not light.Looking at Chu Feng again, with both hands clasped, and a pair of golden rifles strung across it, the golden spear flickered. Although it was made of golden light, it was extremely tyrannical and exudes oppressive power."You said that unless you have five military skills, you can cut it off.""That's me, then let's just let you know, what are the five paragraphs of martial arts." Chu Feng's portable gun pointed to Ding Qiu."Oh my God, that kind of prestige is Wujian Wuji. No doubt, it really is Wuduan Wuji, and Chu Feng actually mastered Wuduan Wuji."At this moment, there was an exclamation in the square and outside, and the five sections of martial arts were not unknown to the people present. However, it was unheard of that Chu Feng was able to master Wu Duan Wu Ji at such an age.After all, Wudang Wuji’s requirements for the system and comprehension are extremely high. Even if the system is not up to standard, even if they comprehend the esoteric meaning, they cannot display. If the comprehension power is not enough, even if the system is up to standard, it will not be able to cultivate.Therefore, Wu Duan Wu Ji, who was mostly a member of Xiuwu for many years, had a certain understanding of Xiuwu's path, and he must be a person who has reached a certain level before he can cultivate a successful one.It is unreasonable for Chu Feng to be able to master Wuduan techniques at such an age."Is this really a rare wizard for a century?"At this moment, many people have such an idea in mind, because Chu Feng's performance is really shocking, breaking the people's views on him one at a time.At first, people thought that Chu Feng was an indiscriminate person and also ridiculed how to find such a thing in Zijin City. But now, this is where a weak person is, and it is simply a rare wizard that has been seen for centuries.Especially the youngsters of the Zijin City, the most complex emotions at the moment, before all look down at Chu Feng, Chu Feng felt that they lost their face Zijin City.But now, they can't compare with Chu Feng. Because Chu Feng is so much better than them, it really makes them ashamed."The Qinglong Emperor must rise. There appears to be such a disciple in Qinglongzong. There will certainly be great things in the future and it will definitely not be the second-class door."What is more, even predicted that Chu Feng could lead the rise of Qinglong Zong, because Chu Feng’s form was too eye-catching. Although he was the second-class disciple of the disciple, he was able to suppress the disciples of the first-class doors.Moreover, his age is still so small. Whether it is time for cultivation or comparison, he is far inferior to others. These are just the highlights of Chu Feng's place of resistance."It's too much. It's so amazing. No wonder it's no wonder that Miss Su Lu could say that."Chen Hui and others were shocked. They all felt that the victory was in sight. Only Chen Yan reluctantly said:"It will not be so simple. Don't underestimate the enemies. You can get the first place in the assessment of Ling Yunzong's core disciples. He is by no means universal.""Moreover, when he killed the Wicked Animal, it was still a year ago that he could not have made no progress during the year. After all, the Wudang Wuji was not only the Qinglong Emperor, but the Wuduan Wuji was even more of my Lingyun Zong. .""What a pity, what do you mean?” To hear Chen Xixi saying this, Chen Hui and others were also uneasy because they suddenly remembered that Ling Yunzong was the first door in Qingzhou. That was the best in Qingzhou. Genius, the gathering place.And that the feuding enemies can get the first place in the evaluation of the core disciple is simply a genius in genius. His strength may be more than that."Five paragraphs of martial arts technology, do you think that only you will not be? Xiao Ye has enough to accompany you today, I am tired, decided to solve you, and I let you open your eyes, let you know what, what is the real five paragraphs of martial arts ."Suddenly, the feuds began to change, and an indescribable and powerful force was erupting in his body. His entire cultivation suddenly began to soar.Even his injured left hand began to heal, and the entire person seemed to be reborn. Than the buckets were violently vibrated because of his changes. Under his feet, there were cracks in the road and layers of nakedness began to revolve. As he rotates, it looks like a layer of Yuanli Shield."This is a strong atmosphere, his strength is changing, is growing, God, has reached the peak of the dual-Yuan Wu, what is this martial arts? Even can do this kind of essential changes!" Feeling that the atmosphere is constantly The increased enemies are all exclaimed.“Impossible. He actually cultivated this martial arts. How could it be? This is a martial arts that many core disciples have been unable to develop for years. He actually mastered it.?” Full of shock."Unfortunately, what is this martial arts?" Chen Hui and others asked in unison.“This is the five-piece Wuji technique that I have known as the most difficult to cultivate in Lingyunzong. It is also known as the strongest Wudang technique and kills seven injuries!” Chen Zhenxi's tone is full of surprises.At this moment, Ding Qiu suddenly burst into tears, his legs spread apart, and he stepped down one step. He actually stepped out of the two deep pits on the bucket table, trapped his legs in it, and then he grasped the punches. Chu Feng separated from the air is a punch.The blow came out and actually sent out a tragedy, the invisible forces rushed out and gradually turned into entities, forming a translucent fist of Yuanli, and with an unstoppable force and power, he flew to Chufeng.This punch is extremely fast, almost avoidable, hide and hide. In the face of this situation, Chu Feng's right arm suddenly waved, actually ejected the golden rifle in his hand."Yao" is opposite to each other, and suddenly made a harsh roar. The tyrannical energy spread in the air, forming a cyclone and sweeping away."There are some means, but next, I see how you resist."Ding Qiu grinned, and then yelled at times, actually a few punches and the fists of Yuanli snarled in mid-air. The power of each punch was not weaker than the previous punch. That kind of power was terrible."Oh, then I'll let you see how I resisted."Upon seeing this, Chu Feng coldly gave a bang and his left hand suddenly shook his hands, and he even formed a golden shield. This shield was very large, and it was placed in front of him so that he could just block himself.At this moment, the Yuanli fist had been reached, and the continuous bombardment above the golden shield, a powerful impact, quickly weakened the golden shield and was unable to resist the momentum and was about to dissipate."I don't believe it, it will be lost to you today!"Chu Feng bited his teeth and began to infuse the spiritual power in his body, constantly instilling in the left hand's golden shield, in order to maintain the shape of the Golden Shield, and resist the killing of the seven enemies.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!