Chapter 120. Sumei's fiancé (Gai 61) "What's the matter, how did Chu Feng's fellow not come back!"Somewhere in the square, Sumei Liu Huimei wrinkled, a pair of beautiful eyes sweep around, looking for Chu Feng's figure."Reassured, with his cultivation, as long as you don't step into that area, you can't have any trouble in the forest. You must be too greedy. In order to get better results, you're still hunting the ghosts. beast."Su Rou stood beside Su Mei, with a white skirt and a slim body. It was very attractive to giggle with a smile. This pair of sisters, no matter where they went, would become the focus of attention for men. Feelings, let the woman be jealous."Su Sister, Mei Er, long time no see!"A magnetic voice began to sound. A beautiful young boy with a handsome face came over. He held a folding fan and placed it in front of his chest. It was truly graceful, and the countless women who were present were screaming at him.He attracted attention not only because he was handsome, but the clothes he wore. That was the costume of the core disciple of Ling Yunzong, who was also the disciple of Qingyun Zong, the first gate in Qingzhou, and he was The repairs are already entering the Yuan Wu Eighth."Originally it was Shangguan Ya. Could it be why you came back to the rookie conference?" After seeing this, Su Rou looked up and smiled at him.The Shangguan family is very important in the city of Zhuque. Although today's Zhuque City is dominated by the Su family, the power of the Shangguan family is actually not as good as that of the Su family, and the Shangguanya is the representative figure of the Shangguan juniors. It is the default heir to the Shangguan family."What's so good about this rookie meeting, but it's a second-class city. A group of wine bags are selected.""If only the talents of my Suzaku city were allowed to participate, Mo is said to be the top ten. They couldn't even get into the top 100. All the places were definitely taken by the people of my Suzaku city." Shangguan bends and swings, arrogant Full."This is a rookie conference. You are now 19 years old. Even if you let you in, you are not qualified." Sumei gave her a look and apparently disliked it.For Su Mei's words, Shang Guanya did not get angry, but instead smiled. "How beautiful can you say this to your future husband?""Fart, you are not my fiance at all. I have never admitted this kind of marriage, so you should pay attention to what you say. Also don't call me beautiful. I'm sick." Su Meixun's look at it, Quickly left, it seems that he is not willing to stand with this one.“Su Sister, Mei Er’s temperament is too strong, but she is, after all, my fiancee. She doesn’t mind if she speaks to me like this, but it’s really letting outsiders read jokes.” Shang Guan’s grievances, Su Fei’s v. It's hard to come."Oh..." For his words, Su Lu first smiled charmingly and then said: "If you know that her temperament is strong, then you shouldn't say these things to her. After all, she is still small and she is just normal. You should be considerate. She clicked.""Although you both have long been engaged in marriage, but you still have to really impress her as well, or even get her people, will not get her heart, it is not good for you to her.""I'm a sister who does not violate my father's intention. But it will not let Xiaomei to marry a person she does not love.""So even if you have a marriage contract, but you also want to let her really fall in love with you, or even if I do not agree with her to marry you." After this, Su Rou will chase the past with the Soviet Union and the United States.The laughter of Shang Guan's mouth is suddenly converged, and a cold glow emerges from his gaze. The cold road: "I want to get it, sooner or later, no one wants to stop it!"During this period, all the rookies of the various parties participating in the rookie conference returned almost completely. The host of the rookie convention has selected the top ten people who hunted the most horned beasts.These ten people are all disciples from the first-class doors, and all of them are core disciples. Wan Wen-peng in Zijin City is ranked tenth, and Chen Yuxi, who is a disciple of Ling Yunzong, is second.As for the first place, it is a boy from Fengyun City. This city of wind and clouds is arguably the strongest of the second-class cities. The first place in the rookie conference every year is won by the rookie of this storm cloud city. .The boy of this year's Feng Yuncheng is also very good, and is also a disciple of Ling Yunzong. Although Xiu Wei is also a member of Yuan Wu, he is equal to Chen Yuxi.However, the entire person's momentum was completely different. He could not tell where it was wrong, but he always felt that he seemed to be stronger than Chen Yuxi.Because this time hunting ghosts and horned beasts, Chen Yuxi hunted two hundred and three, but this boy hunted hunted four hundred and fifteen, full of Chen Yuxi more than doubled."It's almost time. Your rookie is on stage." The host opened the door."Wait." At this point, Su Mei came over."What's the matter with Miss Three?" The hostess was very respectful to Sumei."One other person didn't hand in the prey. How could he just begin?" Su Mei's attitude is very dissatisfied."Is there still one?" The hostess gazed at the security guard who counted the results.Upon seeing the "Er....", the guard rushed through the booklet in his hand and after careful squeaking, he shouted: "There is indeed one other person who did not hand in the game.""Who is it?" asked the host."Calling Chu Feng, from Zijin City, is the core disciple of the second-class Menqinglongzong ancestors. He has a spiritual and ambitious cultivation," said the guard loudly.When this was said, the inside and outside of the square caused an uproar. A disciple of the second-class ancestral door did not say it, but it was only an enlightenment. It was simply the worst among all rookies. Identity and cultivation were the worst, and people agreed that This kind of person does not have to wait at all."Miss Three, even if this person handed in their prey, I am afraid it can not be discharged into the top ten, I see no need to wait, right?" Looking at people's reaction, the host appears to be very difficult."How do you know that he can't make it into the top ten?!" Su Mei spoke, his attitude became fierce."This ....." The host's face was intense and very silent. He really did not dare to offend this Miss Three."Come on according to the rules. If the time has not yet arrived, we will wait. If time does not come, he will not start again." Su Rou came over."I heard Miss Two!" Upon seeing this, the hostess nodded his head. Compared to Su Mei's unrelenting pretensions, Su Rou was in Suzaku City and still had some majesty.This doesn't matter. People on and off the court are dissatisfied and feel that there is no need to wait for such a person. However, they still choose to wait until the time is approaching.As for those ten people who have already entered the top ten, they are more like a leisurely appearance. Their minds are completely on each other's bodies. Chu Feng is not looked at in the eyes and he feels that waiting for Chu Feng is a waste of time."I'm sorry everyone, I'm late!"While the crowd clamored loudly, a thin figure, crowded out of the crowd and entered the center of the square, Chu Feng finally appeared!This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!