Chapter 125. The Peak Showdown "You are brave enough to dare to speak to me after you have demonstrated strength. You are the first one."The smile on Ding Qiu's face remains unchanged. He seems to be very kind. However, people already know that he is not a man with no controversy. Instead, he is an extremely conceited man. This is only his conceit and he hides it very deeply. ."That can only show that your former opponents were all pustules, or that you were Ling Yunzong, and there was no master." Chu Feng laughed satirically."In Qingzhou, dare to say that I did not have master Ling Yunzong. You are also the first one." Ding Qiu's eyes fell with a pair of swords and eyes, his eyes had a hint of surging. He seemed to mind other people saying that Ling Yunzong was not."Factually speaking, nothing more." Chu Feng shrugged shoulders, a very indifferent look."In that case, you will shoot it. As long as you win me, this championship is yours, but you may wish to tell me that I will let you lose more than Chen Yuxi!" Ding Qiu hooked on Chu Feng, indicating Chu Feng. bring it on.Chu Feng shot, Xuan Gong operation, the momentum is like a rainbow, stature slightly forward, like the wind generally swept into the front of Ding Qiu, the speed of speed, so that everyone is surprised.Chu Feng's arms danced, opened and closed, and each move was extremely exquisite. The move was like lightning, the moves were like mountains, fists like iron, legs like whip, boxing, weaving, and formed a storm-like offensive. , enemies and enemies."This kid, how could such a strong force, he actually repaired with Lingwujing, and played a power that was not weaker than Yuanwujing."Chu Feng's shot was even more amazing to the people who had come to the scene. People's eyes were attracted by Chu Feng's boxing.Even the city owners of the parties are frowning and they are bright, although they had previously guessed that Chu Feng was an individual, but he did not think that he would be strong enough.Faced with a powerful attack by Chu Feng, it was not easy for Ding Chou to cope with it. He was forced to retreat again and again, and he even gradually lost his power.Because Chu Feng’s body is extremely hard, as long as he collides with Chu Feng’s body, he will have a sensation of numbness. This makes him totally afraid to take the body to resist the attack of Chu Feng because he simply does not resist. live."Yeah." Suddenly, Chu Feng was a fierce and heavy blow. He hurried up and ran straight across the door. It was nowhere to hide.Upon seeing this, Natal hated his teeth with cold grunts, and the air around him instantly turned straight. After an invisible force broke out from his body, his physical strength was like a volcanic eruption. The force formed an invisible hurricane, and Chu Fengzhen, who had a hard life, retreated.While Chu Feng retreat at the same time, Ding Chou stature shaped forward, his arms swinging, chaos boxing, actually Chu Feng's previous offensive, launched a counterattack to Chu Feng."Usually use Xuan Gong!!"Looking at the blink of an eye, he fell from the vantage point to Chufeng. Su softened his brows and wrinkled his head. He knew that Ding Qiu was serious, and Xuan Gong’s operation was limited. The power was comparable to the Yuan Wu triple. Chu Feng was facing tremendous pressure. ."Hey, Lu Er, I said, Chu Feng will not be the enemy of Ding Qiu, but with Lingwu's eight repairs to achieve this step, he is already called a counterattack.""If they are in the same realm, Chu Feng will surely conquer Ding but it is a pity that the cultivation of the two men is not the same." Su Yan rubbed the chin on the chin and laughed. A triumph."It must be too early for the father to have an unsuccessful outcome." Su Ruo grinned and continued to observe the two on the stage.“Well, I would also like to see if the extent to which Chu Feng can persist. If it can persist longer than that of Chen, then this is a terrible thing and it must be done.”Su Yan is also watching it seriously. Although he feels that Chu Feng cannot win, the talent shown by Chu Feng has long been his favor. Whether he wins or not, he will draw up Chu Feng."How, this is called the way of the people, and also the person of the person!"Ding Chou runs Xuan Gong, Yuan Li's strength is increased several times instantaneously, and he can lift his hands and raise his feet. All of these forces can motivate the Yuan forces around and deeply suppress Chu Feng."You are serious. I haven't got it yet."Chu Feng smiled and suddenly stopped the pace he was going back. He shook his fist with a single hand and drew a few strokes of his hand. A handful of palms emerged, as though numerous hands extended out from the front. Photographed in the past.Suddenly, it was a surprise to Ding Chou because the imaginary palms of Chu Feng were all solid and difficult to distinguish between true and false."The three sections of martial arts are only dare to show off in front of me."However, shocked by the shock, it did not panic, but he suddenly shouted, the body's vitality to a specific meridian operation, the body actually emitting a dazzling golden light, a sense of indestructible is also distributed out, at the moment of his light Four shots, imposing, where is the flesh and blood, is simply a gold and copper god of war.Yes, Ding Chou Shi exhibited Ling Yunzong’s unique martial arts skills. Before the four-piece reinforced martial arts “Jin Jia Gang”, Lingyun Zong’s disciple who had played against Chu Feng had used it. But this time it was done by Ding Chou. The difference between heaven and earth is the real peak."Blagger, look at me with Jin Jiagang's broken body!" Ding Chou Quanquan banged out, actually blew out the illusion of Chu Feng's illusion, and eventually punched, interweaved with Chu Feng's imaginary palm and blemishes. Together."Yao" fists are opposed to each other, and they send out loud noises like iron and steel. They are powerful and able to sway.At this moment, everyone thinks that Chu Feng has been hit hard. After all, Chu Feng’s three-piece military technique and the four-piece Wuji technique of the others are hard and hard, which is tantamount to finding death.However, people thought that when Chu Feng’s palm that had been knocked together with Ding Chou’s fists had been destroyed, the body of Chu Feng was like a cheetah. Fight up.“I’m a good person. I have to look at Chu Feng, who is who has broken.”At the moment, Chu Feng has undergone a change in her body. The white thunder is overwhelming and the powerful thunder and lightning are radiating. The surging roar between surging and dazzling sparks are very terrible."This kind of prestige is a five-piece martial arts? No, it is a four-piece martial arts technique, but it has displayed five sections of martial arts."Ding Qiu's face changed greatly. He never imagined that Chu Feng would have such a powerful means. Wu Dian Wu Ji was not a means that the average person could master.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!