Chapter One One hundred and twenty-first As long as a stroke "This is that Chu Feng, it looks very young!"After Chu Feng appeared, he became the focus of the entire venue. After all, everyone was waiting for him to appear. However, Chu Feng's tender face made people startle.This rookie meeting, although the limited age is under 18 years of age to participate, but in order to obtain superior results, the city will select 18-year-old juniors to participate in, after all, as a genius, then the longer Xiuwu, the strength of the natural The stronger it is.Chu Feng’s age is obviously far below the age of eighteen. He is a young boy. Although he is so young at this age, he is truly extraordinary, but compared with those of the first-class disciples, Chu Feng still looks a bit weak.What makes people puzzled is that why Zijin City chooses young talents such as Chu Feng as representatives, even if there is potential, but after all, the repairs are still too weak, and at least they are not as good as the rookies present. ."Where did you go, how could you be so slow?" Su Mei ran over with a groan, and her face was still worried."Hey, yesterday was a little tired and slept." Chu Feng scratched his head and smiled awkwardly."You guys, people are desperately hunting horny beasts, and you actually have a little sleep!""Are you focused on killing horned beasts in the end and you won't even get into the top ten? You're too subdued!" Looked at Chu Feng like this, SU Mei's mouth twitched, and could not laugh or cry."Although he did not concentrate on killing horned beasts, but entering the top ten, there should be no problem." Chu Feng is very confident.When we met this scene, people onlookers suddenly realized that, after all, discerning people can see that the relationship between Su Mei, the Miss Su Jiasan, and Chu Feng seems to be very simple. Presumably Chu Feng will be able to attend the rookie conference. Mostly Loss of Soviet Union and the United States.“Having worked for a long time, it was an activity with Miss Su Jiasan. It's no wonder that you can get the Zijin token rewarded by the Lord!”"Hey, what's the relationship? What's the use of this relationship? This rookie conference is about strength. Now that the top ten have already been selected, depending on his cultivation, couldn't they squeeze out of those ten?Zi Jincheng's several rookies have always been miserable to Chu Feng. They feel that Chu Feng’s strength should not come to the rookie conference. He will not only lose the people in Zijin City, but also lose their people.After a short conversation between Su and the United States, Chu Feng also came to the front of the guardian of the statistics. Under the watchful eyes, the purple horns of the more than two hundred spooky beasts were lost to the guards."Oh my God, he actually hunted so many ghost horn beasts?""How could it be that with his cultivation, how could it be possible to hunt down so many ghost horn beasts? At least that number should have two hundred?"While looking at the large purple corners, there was a loss in the square and beyond. People cannot think of it anyway. Such repairs as Chu Feng can kill so many ghosts and horned beasts. This number is almost comparable to that of Chen Zhenxi."Impossible. This is absolutely impossible. He must be cheating. He is cheating!"Compared with others, the ten thousand Wen Peng is even more depressed. He ranked tenth in this ranking, and at the moment Chu Feng's score is far higher than him, destined to be kicked out of the top ten.If he changes to one, the man with strength far above him will knock him out. He can still accept it, but let Chu Feng be such a player. His deep-minded kid kicks him out, which makes him unacceptable.In fact, not only Wan Wenpeng thinks this way, but many people present at the scene think so. When he thinks of the relationship between Chu Feng and the Soviet Union and the United States, he thinks that Chu Feng obtained unfair means to obtain so many horns of the horned beast. It is not that he personally hunted the proceeds.However, despite people's guesses in mind, they did not dare to say anything. After all, no one had yet to endanger the Miss Su’s three ladies because of this kind of thing.In this way, Chu Feng won a place for the championship because of his outstanding achievements, and Na Wan Wenpeng was squeezed out of the top ten and went out early.“哼” looked at the place to replace himself and climbed Chu Maple, where Wan Wenpeng was angry. His face was very ugly."Wange, why should he be vindictive with this kind of villain? Take his cultivation as an example, and he will go to the stage of the battle. Only shameful eyes will be lost.""Yes, see how he was beaten by the crowd." Those who were Zijin City's rookies were persuaded.“The one who was on the same stage as Chu Feng was the core disciple of my listening to Fengzong. I am very clear about his strength. Chu Feng has to deal with him. He only naturally loses his eyes.”"Is he not only lost his own person, but also lost me Zijin City, he himself can not shame, but I waited for people who are Zijin City, do not want to lose this person." Wan Wenpeng full of grievances, but again The unselfish and self-sacrificing said.Listening to him, Zi Jincheng’s rookies, even more so, feel that Wan Wenpeng is very correct and could not help deepening his hatred of Chu Feng."Originally, I wanted to smash the ten thousand Wen Peng's meal, but I didn't even think of changing to you. I could beat him even if I beat him. But when I hit you, I really don't feel any sense of accomplishment. You still believe in yourself, so that I don't get dirty. "Hands." The disciple who listened to Fengzong looked at Chu Feng contemptuously. He did not put Chu Feng in his eyes."You will certainly not feel a sense of accomplishment when you hit me because you cannot hit me at all, but if you lose to me, you will feel a sense of accomplishment because not everyone has the qualifications that have been lost to me."Chu Feng smiled and looked at the disciple who listened to Feng Zongshi. He was not a simple contempt, nor was he not in his eyes, but he completely gave the other side a look."You don't see the coffin. Don't cry. I'll deal with you. I only need one stroke."The listener of Fengzong’s disciple was provoked by Chu Feng. He hummed and stepped forward one step and cast a brilliant martial art.His figure instantly turned into a number of roads. When it was hidden, it was like a ghost. It was faster and faster, and it was getting dazzled. At this moment in all directions of Chu Feng, it was the figure of the man.This magnificent martial arts has emerged and made many people wonder, especially those ignorant girls, but also the scream of worship."This is the four-piece Wuji technique I listened to Feng Zong. It was called "Difficulties," and it has been three years since he took this martial arts practice. He has already mastered the essence of it and can play it to the fullest extent."I don't think that is Chufeng. Even if it's me, it needs to be handled carefully, otherwise it will suffer a big loss." Wan Wenpeng told the crowd."That said, Chu Feng was not defeated?""It's not a defeat, it's a terrible defeat!"Wan Wenpeng is full of confidence. This move is the strongest killer. Even he is very jealous. Chu Feng is naturally undefended.In fact, as Wan Wenpeng said, it is a superb avatar and martial arts. It will indeed be confused by its brilliant methods. However, in the face of Chu Feng, he was already exposed. From the very beginning, he saw which was his real body.Suddenly, the man launched an attack and several figures flew toward Chufeng. The kind of prestige was simply spectacular.At this moment, those who waited to see Chu Feng's joke, the corners of his mouth could not help but set off a slight upward curvature of the arc, that Chu Feng shameful moment, has come.However, Chu Feng was obviously trying to disappoint those people. He saw Chu Feng not flashing and hiding, but was facing one of them. It was just a punch.There is no magnificent means, is a simple punch, but if the lightning is fast, the location is tricky, only to hear the sound of "squeaking", actually slammed on the face of that figure.A punch fell, and only heard a screaming sound, the shadows around Chu Feng even all disappeared, then listen to the disciples of the wind disciples fell to the ground, is staring at his cheeks, stand up and roll, a burst of miserable.Looking at the person on the ground, Chu Feng smiled and said, "You're right. To deal with this kind of stuff, I really only need one stroke."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!