Chapter 122 Real genius "I rub, what's going on?""Oh my God, what happened?"Compared to the scene on the stage, people were surprised. Many people did not see Chu Feng's hand at all because of the fact that it was previously covered. They only saw the figure suddenly disappearing, and the person who listened to Feng Zong became the present. Looks like it.However, compared to the majority of people's confusion, Sue Zhu, who is the city owner of Zhuque City, was in front of him. He has been following Chudou’s platform, so he saw Chu Feng’s shot."Father, I said it. This Chufeng has spiritual power. This kind of shameless technique is useless to him." At the moment, Su Rou, the ruler stood behind him and his face was well-behaved.“Not only is the problem of spiritual power, even if it has spiritual power, but it only cultivates the first level of Xuan Gong, and it is impossible to use Lingwu’s Eight Diagrams to defeat Yuan Wu’s heavyweight so easily. This is a natural gift for this child. strength."“In Qingzhou, any person who is slightly faster at Xiuwu is regarded as a genius. However, in reality, it is just a qualification that Xiuwu should have. The real genius is like this Chufeng. ."Su Yan’s gaze stared at Chu Feng. His eyes were full of the colors of appreciation. Then he said to Su Rou: “You are not mistaking the right people for this time. This Chu Feng must be drawn with a heart. Maybe I’ll be in the future. Home, but also rely on him."“What awesome is it, Chen Yuxi is the core disciple of Ling Yunzong. He was just a move and he defeated his opponent.”At this moment, there was a sudden exclamation on the outside, because on another bucket stage, Chen Yuxi was also defeated by her opponent with the momentum of the Thunder. He also used only one move.And her trick, not as unclear as Chu Feng, but in front of everyone's face, so that all people will see with her own eyes, how she is a move to defeat the enemy's prestige."I'm sorry the sister is too much, it seems that this time I hope to win the purple city.""More than just hopefulness, it is inevitable that it will be able to seize. Today, there are only two masters who are superior to each other in this stage. I am sorry that the sister is already defeating her opponent and looking at the other one. In the entanglement with his opponent, his opponent is obviously just a weight of Yuan Wu, he was completely lower than he had repaired."You really say so. Although this guy is also very strong, but it's a lot worse than cherishing her sister. There's no such thing as Yuan Wu. It's strange. How could someone like him be hunting ghosts? The link is so much better than cherishing her sister's performance?""Oh, maybe it's the same as Chu Feng. What's the trick?"Zijin City's rookie stars turned their eyes to another core disciple of Ling Yunzong. This boy is the most focused spotlight at the moment, not one.Because in the previous hunter horn beasts, his performance is really too bright, but this time fighting, but it is disappointing people.As a representative of the successive champions of Fengyun City, he was the core disciple of Ling Yunzong and was a master of the two-dimensional championship of Yuanwu. In the face of Yuan Wuyi's opponents, he couldn’t beat up or down to win the match.No matter if it is speed or strength, it is similar to the other side, and even martial arts is unpretentious. It is indeed impossible to find a bright spot.Suddenly, the young boy of Wu Xiaowu prevailed, and a heavy punch entrained him with a tense force. This boxing was even more of a tremble than the bucket. This was a four-piece military technique, but in the hands of teenagers, The power has been fully embodied and this strike is no exception.In the face of the opponent's attack, the young boy of Fengyun City is in no hurry, no panic and no dryness, and the same punch blows out.Logically speaking, with his cultivation as the same four-piece martial arts, the power should be far stronger than the opponent, but at the moment it is not. It can only be said that it is irrelevant. It makes people feel that this martial art has not yet reached home.Finally, the two played against each other, and the two fists were opposite. The layers of force constantly overflowed, and the energy wailing up was even smaller than the bucket."Drinking," the young boy of Fengyun City shouted and suddenly slammed the heavy punches. The entire person was shaken away and eventually fell to the ground.In the end, the winner of the Fengyun City won, but compared to Chen Yixi’s move, he took too much effort to make him feel that his cultivation was far less than Chen Xixi."Hidden power? A bit mean!"Chu Feng had already won at this moment. Before waiting for the next game to start, he was also focusing his eyes on the youth of Fengyun City. At a glance, he saw that this man was intentionally hiding his strength.When the young boy of Feng Yuncheng won, the first round test ended, and as the best Chen Xixi in the first round, you can take a short break.Chu Feng once again embarked on the bucket stage. Standing opposite him at this moment is much stronger than the previous opponent. This is also the core disciple of Ling Yunzong. Although he is equal to Yuan Wu, his momentum is even stronger. For the tyrannical."I know you, you are mixed with that fat city owner!" Chu Feng smiled."It's useless to lick your tongue. I'll beat you and close your mouth!" This one is indifferent."It was just about the same tone as yours, but it was him who fell to the ground."Chu Feng really did not put him in the eyes. As early as the Lingwu Qizhong, Chu Feng could defeat Yuan Wuyiju. Now he is Wujin. Even if Yuan Wu is not a Chu Feng opponent, the opponent is even stronger, but Chu Feng eyes are also vulnerable."Oh, you thought I would be as incompetent as him? Then you would underestimate my disciple's disciple."The swift shot, Xuan Gong operation, military skills issued, stunned the body out of the golden light, as glare tomorrow as general, at the same time his body, it is turned into a color of gold and copper.This is no longer a simple body. It is harder than the black iron. It can be handcuffed with a mysterious iron sword, and it is a superb reinforced military technique. It not only transforms the body into a weapon, but also Jin Mang stabbed the eyes so that the other party could not watch their actions."This time, Chu Feng was dead. The attack was several times stronger than listening to Fengzong. The overbearing was not bluffing directly. Chu Feng could not get cheap.""Yes, I just don't know why. Then the disciple who listened to Fengzong lost. But in the face of this steel, Chu Feng had no chance of winning. No luck."Chu Feng is on the stage where the bucket is on, and the golden light shines in. Even if people have better vision, they can't see more than the two on the stage.However, what people can feel is the power given by the disciples of Ling Yunzong. It is difficult to find Chu Feng this time. After all, there is no absolute power in the face of reinforced martial arts. It is simply impossible to prevail."呃啊~~~~~~"At this moment, suddenly a scream came and the golden light on the stage began to converge. When the golden light dissipated, people suddenly stunned and were surprised.They were surprised to discover that Chu Feng was still standing in the same place, but he was not affected by the slightest wounds. Then he looked at the disciple of Ling Yunzong. He was actually lying on the floor, foaming his mouth, turning his eyes up and fainting.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!