One hundred and twenty-nine chapter affectionate kiss In countless people's attention, Chu Feng step by step forward, finally came to the front of the Ding Qiu, he left holding a golden shield, right holding a golden sword, pointing to Chou Chou Road: "It's over."As soon as the voice fell, Chu Feng flashed a lightning strike. The thunder and lightning under his feet suddenly disappeared. When it appeared again, it was behind the enemy.Ding Qiu’s reaction was extremely fast, his stature turned, his fist punched, and a fist of Yuan Li’s fists went against the Chu Feng that was close at hand.Chu Feng coldly slammed, and dissipated the golden shield of his left hand. He clasped the golden sword with his hands and his stature was slightly on the side. He avoided the fist of Yuan Li.Chu Feng came to Ding Mao, in front of his body, forced his arms to thrust forward, only to hear the sound of a "bang", that golden sword, is piercing the chest of Ding Qiu.Long sword hole pierced his chest, his face suddenly became pale, not only stopped his attack, but also a mouth, big mouth blood sprayed out.Suddenly, he yelled at Heaven again, as if he was unwilling to vent his heart. He snarled for a moment before he fell down, unable to lie down on the bucket, and even his eyes became Atheism, as if no more useless effort, it can be seen that the tyrannical killing of seven wounds, his burden is also great, he has already reached the limit.Looking back at Chu Feng, although it was also pale, his face was covered with beans and sweat, his clothes were wet with sweat, breathless, and showed tiredness, but he was still standing and standing there. Already beyond recognition, there are more sores than the bucket.Win, Chu Feng won, this two genius peak matchup, eventually Chu Feng won!This disciple from the second-class ancestral door successfully defeated the core disciple of the first-class door, and even defeated a genius class disciple of Ling Yunzong. He successfully won the championship of this rookie event.At this moment, there was a thunderous applause inside and outside the square. People were cheering for Chu Feng, because when a juvenile young man, who had successfully won the battle over Yuan Wu, was unable to control his inner excitement. Feelings of emotion, I could not resist trying to applaud this young boy."Chu Feng, you are awesome!"As the cheering sounds sounded, a beautiful figure suddenly jumped onto the bucket and clung to Chu Feng.In seeing this scene, all people were not surprised because this person was not another person but was the owner of Zhuque City, the three daughters of Suo and Sumei."What's going on? Isn't that Miss Su Jiasan and Sumei? He is not a fiancee on Guan Ya? How is it so intimate with Chu Feng? What is the relationship between the two?"There is constant speculation among the crowd. After all, people in Suzaku City know that Sumei is the fiancée of Guanya. This marriage was already established when Sumei was born.But at this moment, what is the cause of Su Mi's move? Even in the presence of so many people, hugged Chu Feng. Isn't this the face of the official family and the official border?“Abhorrent.” Standing in the Shangguanya outside the square, he clasped his fists at the moment and his eyes were chilly. Because Sumei’s actions were undoubtedly in front of everyone’s faces, he was given a green hat and faced him. No deposit."Soft children, this ...." Even Su mark, but also his face changed greatly, aware of the wrong thing.“Father, anyway, have you promised me that as long as Chu Feng can win the feud, will she cancel Marian's engagement with the official kingdom? Anyway, this marriage will be released sooner or later. Why do you worry about the opinions of others?”"You should be able to see that Chu Feng is better than that on Guanya. Isn't it better to marry Xiaomei to Chu Feng?" Su Lue smiled and seemed to have expected this result long ago."Your girl, this matter is as simple as you think." Su mark somehow do not know what to do, obviously this makes him very embarrassed.At this moment, Su Mei made a more startling move. He actually picked up the pink lips and kissed him on the cheeks of Chu Feng. Chu Feng did not dodge, so this stuffed Become a scene that makes everyone stunned.That was Miss Su Jiasan. The fiancée of Shangya’s future homeowner on Shangguan’s family was in front of everyone’s face and he kissed him."Damn, I'm going to kill that Chu Feng." This scene can make Shangguan's unbearable. He is angry and has to attack.“啪” was just then. A dry and powerful palm was patted on the shoulders of Guan Shang. A powerful mysterious force poured into his body, instantly squeezing all his forces. go back."Grandpa?" Looking back, the Shangguanya could not help because the moment he stood behind him, he stood with a blind-eyed old man who was all white but had one eye. The old man was the head of the official house nowadays. Shangguan Yue."Why are you trying to get a shot in front of Suh-jen? Don't forget that he is the owner of this Suzaku city." The voice of Shangguanyue was very calm."However," Shang Guanya turned his attention to Chu Feng and hated teeth."The time has not come when I am in the official family and I cannot turn my face with the Su family." Shangguan whispered Yue Road."Isn't he allowed to leave him alone?" Shang Guanya was indignant."No," Shangguan Yue shook his head and said: "This child must be removed!"At the moment, Chu Feng was completely immersed in the joy of victory. Until Sumei's deep affection and kiss, he suddenly reacted and could not help but stop Su Mi's tenderness*. He smiled:"You are the girl who is enchanted by my heroic ambitions. Do you want to honor yourself?""I .... whoever wants to be with him, slobber."Previously only excited, excited too much, will do the next special move, and at this moment was Chu Feng such a handsome waist, Su US is a small face pink, embarrassed pushed Chu Feng.But at this moment, the vengeance lying not far away was a painful yelling, and his body twitched, his breath began to become extremely weak, and the last pale skin he came to became iron blue, even his eyes. Go up and throw foam at the mouth as if you were going to die."Damn it, but it was a discussion. You are actually killing Ding!" Seeing that the momentum is not right, the city-owner of Fengyun City rushed up and pointed to Chu Feng."Fart, formerly Xingqiu shot even more hot than Chu Feng, if not Chu Feng strength extraordinary, I am afraid that has died in his bombardment.""Do you really blame him for killing him now? If he kills, Ding Chou has already died. How could he still lie here?” said Su Mi, who stood beside Chu Feng’s body, and replied indignantly.“..............”For Su Mei’s scolding, the master of Fengyun City was speechless and very embarrassed. He could accuse Chu Feng and even took Chu Feng’s shot. However, in the face of this Miss Su Jiasan, he was not even rebuttal. .This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!