Chapter 124: Stepping Stones "Bet what?" Su softly asked."That Chen Yan is no match for Ding Qiu. It is only a matter of time before she defeats her.""So waiting for Chu Feng to naturally compete with Ding Qiu, and I bet that Chu Feng will be defeated by Ding Qiu. If I win, then your marriage is set by me." Su mark said."Father, how did you pull my wedding up again? I said, my marriage is my own decision." Su Ling seemed reluctant to hear this."Don't dare to even." Su mark indifferent smile."If there is anything that you dare not to bet, you will bet if you win. Xiaomei and the Guanya marriage will be abolished. What do you think of it?" Su Rou said earnestly."This ...." And at this moment, Su mark is a brow wrinkled, quite difficult."How, you dare not?" Su soft eyes slightly into two crescents, laughing at his father, seems to like his father was difficult to live like her."Joke, what I dare to say, according to what you said, if Chu Feng can win the enemies and win the championship of this rookie conference, I will go to the Shangguan family to repent for marriage. Of course, this premise is to be small. The United States agreed to act." Su mark vowed Road."Hey, my father is an adult, you can rest assured, Xiaomei she, wish you repent of it." Su soft smiled very happy, is happy from the heart.She first looked at it, not far from the Soviet Union and the United States, and then turned his gaze to Chu Feng, whispered: "Chu Feng, Xiaomei's happiness, it depends on you."No one heard this dialogue between the father and the daughter, because at this moment all the people's eyes are focused on, and the rivalry between Ding Qiu and Chen Xixi is on the stage. The battle between the two has already entered a white-hot tone.Chen Yuxi constantly issued fierce offensives, and all sorts of powerful martial arts were resorted to, but the most surprising thing was that Chen Xixi’s military skills and Ding Qiu were all mastered, and what kind of martial arts Chen used to use, he used it. Which kind of martial arts, each time the confrontation will be slightly pressed Chen Yuxi.At the moment, everyone can see that this is a terrible feud. After a long time, he did not seriously fight with Chen Hao. He completely played Chen Xixi.In the face of Ding Chou’s face, Chen Yuxi did not completely treat the momentum of other opponents. At this moment, on the cold and proud cheeks, there was a glistening bead of sweat, and the savageness of the big mouth was constantly wheezing. Desolation."Unfortunately, we must stick to it."The two fists in Chen Hui's sleeves have long been tightly gripped, and Chen Qianxi has been pinched by a cold sweat. They must win the Zijin City rookie conference, otherwise they will face the situation of failing to pay tribute taxes.If you don’t talk about it, you will not be able to pay the tax, you will be punished by Suzaku City, and you will become a laughing stock in other Zhucheng cities. Afterwards, whatever you do will be inferior, it will be difficult to raise your head."Miss pity, we must win!"Compared with Chen Hui's silent refueling, Zijin City's security guards shouted out loud. They honestly and sincerely cheered Chen Xiaoxi because their Zijin City honor and disgrace all belonged to Chen Xixi and could only win. .However, the facts are often cruel. After Chen Yuxi has almost exhausted her physical strength, the Ding Qiu finally launched a counterattack, a fierce offensive that surpassed all expectations.Although it was only the simplest means of attack, even the martial arts did not display, but that power and potential were amazing. In front of him, any attack by Chen Xixi had been ineffective, and he could only watch Ding Chou, step by step. Approaching.At this moment, people finally know how strong this humble youngster is. Even though he is already among the best of his peers, Chen Yuxi apparently has a long way to go."This sister, you have lost!"Finally, Ding Chou came to the front of Chen Xixi. The delicate hand of a woman was already on the shoulder of Chen Xixi. Although she looked weak, the power of this palm was hard to find. Press to the ground, unable to stand up.After seeing her daughter being humiliated by the enemy, Ching-hui suddenly stood up. An anger that was visible to the naked eye was full of faces, but he still endured it because of this scene. He must endure.In the defeat, Chen Hao lost and lost completely. This kind of outcome is contrary to people's expectations. All people did not expect that the hidden depth of the enemy's hatred was so strong that it was equal to the middle and invincible.At this moment, bursts of cheering broke out inside and outside the square. Regardless of the outcome, Ding Chenyi offered them a feast, and the title of Ding Qiu was a deserved title.The people of Fengyun City were very happy with each other, and especially the city boss of the city of Fengyun was very proud of his laugh. He had once again won the championship of the rookie conference and once again held on to the position of the oldest of the 20 cities.Compared to the people of Fengyun City, the people of Zijin City are all downcast and downcast. This thought that with the strength of Chen Xixi, it was the championship, but he still couldn’t think of losing to Ding Qiu.If you change to your previous rookie conference, you will lose and you will lose at most some regrets. But this time, they will not be defeated in this rookie meeting. If they fail, it will be a great shame to wait for them, but at the moment they are There is no way.Chen Yuxi has already walked down the stage than the bucket. The cold cheeks are still there, but only a little bit of tears flash in the eyes. It can be seen that she is also frustrated by her failure.As for the enemies, it was the back of a smile that looked as Chen Xixi went away. A grinning smile began to be heard from the corner of his mouth, and he began to walk slowly toward the bucket stage."This rookie conference is not over yet. Where are you hurrying to go?" At this moment, a loud voice suddenly sounded behind him.Looking back and watching, Ding’s calm face could not help but a hint of turmoil emerged, for he was surprised to find that there was an extra boy on the stage than the bucket. Most importantly, he was unaware of this. Do not know when the other party came to the stage than the bucket.In fact, everyone on and off the court at the moment was attracted by this scene because almost all people did not notice when the teenager was on stage. This is naturally Chu Feng."Chu Feng, how did he go up, is he going to die?"The people of Zijin City, with angry faces, and even Chen Xie were all defeated in the hands of Ding Qiu. They could not help but Chu Feng could win. Instead, they all thought that Chu Feng was losing them."Are you trying to challenge me?" Ding Qiu smiled after telling Chu Feng."Challenge? Not talk about it. I'm just interested in the champion of the rookie conference. As for you, it's just a stepping stone for me to win the championship."Chu Feng with a faint smile, but his eyes are full of sloppy meaning, after a war between the former Ding Qiu and Chen Xixi, Chu Feng has not yet put this dilemma in the eyes.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!