Chapter 123. Enjoy the process "This....."At this moment, people are completely confused, and the scene on the stage is really overwhelming. Even the indifferent Chen Yuxi cannot help but sideways and turn his attention to Chu Feng.Is Chu Feng so strong? Strong enough to be equal to Chen Xixi, can be repaired with the Eight Immortals, and easily defeated Yuan Wu.Although there is no shortage of talented people in the world, they can be strong and weak, but after all, they are great people. Is this a genius who looks at the humble boy?All kinds of incredible ideas began to surface constantly. For the first time, people thought that they might have looked down upon Chu Feng. Perhaps from the very beginning, Chu Feng did not cheat. He was relying on his own strength to come here."City Lord adults, this....."Zijin City's guards, who were surprised at their faces, had previously looked down upon Chu Feng. Chu Feng was thought to have come to him through Su Lu’s relationship and was thrown into his Zijin City.In particular, after Chu Feng replaced Wan Wenpeng, he was even more hostile to Chu Feng. However, at the moment, he began to wonder whether his previous views on Chu Feng were correct and could not help but reflect."Maybe Miss Su Lu is right. This Chufeng may bring us a surprise."Chen Hui's face was filled with a smile of relief. In fact, he was like the guards around him. He felt that Chu Feng was a burden, but now it seems that Chu Feng is not only a burden, but is also the chip of Zijin City’s long face.“How could this guy have such a strong strength? It wouldn’t be a good advantage for the opponent to let it go.”However, compared to others, those young talents in Zijin City are unwilling to accept this fact. After all, they look down upon Chufeng and hope that Chu Feng is ugly.However, at the moment, Chu Feng not only did not show ugliness, but also made the show. Instead, this contrast was no longer against Chu Feng, but they were unbearable.After all, they did not even make it into the top ten, but Chu Feng defeated the core disciple of the first-class ancestral door on that stage. One of them was still the core disciple of Lingyunzong. Too tough, at least they couldn’t do it. Even Wan Wenpeng could not do it.In countless people's stunned eyes, Chu Feng slowly smiled and walked down to the stage than the bucket. The gaze had changed from the previous blind eye to exclaiming.When Chu Feng's lightning-like battle ended, the young boy of Fengyun City was again the sole focus of the audience.This time, the young boy of Fengyun City, as before, had fought for a long time before he was forced to win, so that people did not know whether he was interested in hiding power, or that his opponent is too strong."I don't have to go down. I have lost patience with this rookie conference.When the young boy of Fengyun City was ready to walk down the stage, Chen Xixi danced in a skirt and danced to the stage. He even volunteered to play against the boy in Stormwind City."In the next quarter, please enlighten!"For Chen Xixi's move, the young boy of Fengyun City just smiled indifferently and politely arched his hand on Chen Xie. It did not seem that Chen Zhenxi and the previously demonstrated strength had any psychological burden."Yeah." Chen Yu sighed coldly, every time is a palm, is not a gorgeous martial arts, but it contains a strong Yuan Li, just the opponents, all by her hand in the air, abruptly defeated."Oh." But, in the face of Chen Xixi's attack, the Dingqiu did not hide, and then waved one by one, a layer of Yuan Li spread out from the palm of his hand, actually easily dispelled Chen Xixi's attack."You really hide the strength. Is it interesting?" Chen Yuxi did not get too surprised. Instead, she had a touch of anger in her eyes."Oh, I just like to enjoy the battle. Is there anything wrong with this?""You and I all like to fight. It's just that you are pursuing the results. I enjoy the process because the results are not important to me. In the end, it's me who wins." Ding Qiu's face always hung with a smile, but now he looks It is not calm but confident."Big breath, I'd like to see how you can win me."Chen Yuxi took another shot. After a few palms were shot consecutively across the void, every shot was made. The air would be a tremble, and the golden palm print was also condensed.In her extreme speed, the entire bucket stage was full of golden palm prints, like several golden meteor showers, and they went away from the enemy."But unfortunately, Miss Xie's powerful means, although it is only four pieces of martial arts, but it is perfectly displayed, it is almost comparable to Wu Duan Wu Ji." Zijin City's guards are exclaimed."Unfortunately, this girl is a true genius of Xiuwu. From the point of view of repairing Wu talent, she really surpassed me." And Chen Hui, who is the father of Chen Xixi, is proud and smiling. Close the mouth."The meteor is in charge of the palm of your hand and it is good to use it, but unfortunately, it is still a bit worse."Natali's eyes were slightly blurred, his breath was running, and then several palms were fired. He displayed exactly the same martial arts as Chen Yuxi, and from the mighty position, he was even stronger than Chen Yuxi.The golden palm shadows continued to blow up on the bucket stage, and the layers of force continued to spread. Those who were able to feel the power of even the outside of the Plaza were able to feel the way.At this moment, people only knew that Ding Qiu really concealed his strength. Now he thinks about his previous engagement. It is not that his strength is too weak, but he deliberately takes it. This strength is not only less than Chen Yu’s, and even stronger. On the line."Absolutely, it is a representative of Fengyun City. From the point of view of strength, he is stronger than that of Chen. It seems that the champion of this year's rookie conference is also a case of Fengyun City!" said Su Mark."Father, it's too early to say this, even if Chen Xie cherishes the loss of Ding Qiu, but my Qinglong Zong's enchanting, has not yet debuted!" Su Rou stood behind the Su mark, sweet smile.“Chu Feng is indeed a genius. There is no doubt about this. However, this kind of enemies is not a mediocrity. Didn’t you find out that he has not made every effort so far? Not even Xuan Gong has ever used it, and the martial arts he displays are not The strongest, I guess if he is full of strength, I am afraid that the strength is comparable to Yuanwu triple.""Although Chu Feng was very effective, he is now only a martial arts player. Even if he now has a moral cultivation, he also has the opportunity to defeat his enemies, but as long as he is in Lingwu, even if he is spiritual It will definitely not be the enemy of Ding Qiu." Su mark shook his head."Father, you still don't know enough about Chu Feng. You know that the enemies did not use all their strengths. Can Chu Feng make every effort?" Su Rou did not agree with Su."You girl is very confident with Chu Feng. Do you want to bet on me?" Su smiled strangely.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!