Chapter 128 Everyone in the presence of the peerless Wizards took a cool sip, and the power of his fist was no less important. Even some of the masters on the court had to treat it with dignity.Because that killing seven wounds, is not an ordinary five-piece martial arts comparable, but the five paragraphs of martial arts in the superior martial arts, is such a tyrannical attack, even by Chu Feng blocked.However, compared to others, Chen Xixi is a frown and is not optimistic: "No, Chu Feng can't hold on long enough to kill seven wounded fists. It's not a simple Wu Duan technique. It's not what you want. It's so simple!"In fact, as Chen Yuexi said, even though Chu Feng at this moment was blocking the killing of the seven wounded fists of Ding Qiu, it was only blocking it. He did not have the ability to fight back."I'd like to see what time you can hold it."Suddenly, the air around Ding Qiu quivered and his breath changed again. The fists of strength that he blew out turned out to be stronger again, and the speed was getting faster and faster, and the power was fierce to the extreme.Genki fist, translucent color, constantly bombing on the golden shield, a strong impulse, making Chu Feng difficult to resist, began to step backwards backwards."Abhorrent, how can this guy's strength be so strong."Chu Feng had to face this enmity, because with his strength, even if the other is Yuan Wu, he can easily win, but this is different, absolutely can not be used to the theory.His methods are very powerful. It is Chu Feng who has encountered the most powerful opponent among his peers so far."Oh, stupid, should I lend my strength to you?" Chu Feng's mind heard the sound of eggs."No, I can rely on my own strength to defeat him." Chu Feng is very stubborn, because he has not reached the end of the dead, must rely on the cultivation of the egg to the point where he must rely on his own strength to defeat this enemies.The action of Chu Feng’s thoughts overflowed and the force of one layer of enchantment overflowed and covered the golden shield. At this moment, the golden shield was firm, and it was reinforced several times. Even though that Yuanli fist was fierce, it could not Shield breaks.After relying on the power of enchantment to enhance the defensive power of the golden shield, Chu Feng fisted his right hand, and a golden sword held it in his hand. Xuan Gong was working, and the spirit was boiling. Not only did he stop the pace of backwards, but he began to Go ahead.“Looking quickly, Chu Feng was actually walking forward. He actually resisted the killing and wounding.”"Oh my God, how could it be that such a powerful military technique, Chu Feng was able to resist the fact that it was a miracle. He could still go forward."People are exclaimed. There is a buzz inside and outside the square. This kind of fighting has exceeded people's imagination. It can be said that it is the most fierce battle in the rookie conference.Because this has been exceeded, people's perception of juniors has subverted people's imagination. This is simply not a rookie duel, but two talented duels and two real geniuses.At this moment, Chu Feng held a golden shield and held a golden sword with his right hand. Although Yuan Li’s fists continued to blow around, Chu Feng was unmoved, as if he had nothing to resist the pace of his advancement.One step, two steps, three steps, and four steps, each step taken by Chu Feng, will be a fierce tremble on the stage than the bucket, leaving a deep footprint, and each step will consume a lot of aura and give up. Great price.But even so, he still cannot reduce his determination to move forward. The shield of his left hand grips more and more tightly, and the sword of his right hand gets more and more stable. If he looks closely, he can see that among his eyes, There was a flash of lightning.That is not the change produced by the Thunder Three Styles, but comes from the reaction of Chu Feng. At this moment, Chu Feng has already exerted his strength to the extreme. This is the strongest Chu Feng."How could this happen? Then Chu Feng could have done this step. He could only be magnanimous." Su Bing's eyes were tight and his fortitude face was covered with tight colors.Not to mention that Su Xian, even Su Rou is also surprised to open a small mouth, although it has long been known that Chu Feng is a rare genius, but she did not think that Chu Feng will be strong to this extent."I just don't believe that you really can resist my decision to kill seven wounds!"Seeing his own absolute offensive, he was unable to shake Chu Feng. Ding Chou was also completely angered. He once again yelled, and the surrounding Yuanli spread out. His breath actually increased again several times. At this moment, he, It has already entered the Yuan Wu triple."What happened, how did the repairs of the enemy's enemies change? How could it suddenly give off a triple atmosphere?""Is it true that he began his life as a triple player in Yuanwu and used special means to hide his strength? Is he correcting him now, is his true cultivation?" People feel unbelievable to feel the change in the atmosphere."No, it is not that Ding Qiu has hidden strength, but that he has strengthened his strength. This is exactly the force that will kill the Seven Injuries Boxing. He will kill seven wounded fists and let his cultivation be enhanced.""I don't think the talent of Ding Qiu was so good that I could kill seven wounds and practice to the third level."Chen Yanxi's face is full of incredible, in many people's eyes, she is a martial arts genius, but compared with that enemies, he is ordinary as a mediocre.Because she is the core disciple of Ling Yunzong, she deeply knows the power of killing seven wounded fists. Although it is a five-piece Wuji technique, it is also one of the Zhenzong techniques of Ling Yunzong. It is by no means an ordinary disciple."What? Was actually relying on martial arts, and the strength has been raised from Yuan Wu to the triple of Yuanwu? How can such a powerful martial arts be found in the world?"Hearing Chen Yuxi's remarks, Chen Hui and others yelled and could no longer maintain their calm, because this killing of seven wounds was too powerful. Such a martial art is definitely the most powerful martial arts they have ever seen."No, then Chu Feng's pace did not stop. He was still moving forward, but his breath did not change. How could this be, how did he actually do it, and what did it support and enable him to be spiritual? Wu’s eight-pronged repair to resist such a powerful attack?”Can look closely, Chen Hui and others face changed again, because they found out in horror, even though the repair of Ding Qiu has changed from Yuan Wu double, changed to Yuanwu triple, his decision to kill seven wounds, from the quality It has been improved, but still suppress Chu Feng at the moment."It's terrible. That Chu Feng is a monster. It's just beyond reason!"Everyone was amazed, his face hung with horror, and even some excited bodies trembled because they felt that they had witnessed the birth of a peerless wizard.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!