The 126th chapter of the black gold blade at the moment of Chu Feng, who are all under the thunder and lightning, Razer growled, electro-optical dance, where is still a person, is simply a lightning god of war.Chu Feng’s show of power and esteem made everyone stunned and used a martial arts technique to condense Reiki into an entity form. This is the point where Wu Duan Wuji can do it.To know that today's Qingzhou territory, the strongest is only six paragraphs of martial arts, five paragraphs of martial arts is beyond the reach of many people. However, such a superb martial arts skill was actually mastered by a young boy like Chu Feng. This naturally makes people admiring and admiring.However, he is not afraid of his complete self-confidence. About the arm, he rushed over to the Chu Feng. In the twinkling of time, Razer and Jinmang were intertwined. Both of them used Wushu to protect their bodies and began their most ferocious physical confrontation.However, just to fight, they immediately separated the pros and cons, Chu Feng's Razer is very overbearing, with absolute attack power, and Ding Qiu Jin Jia steel body, and just happens to be a defensive type of martial arts, was quickly pressed by Chu Feng. Go on.“砰砰砰 二 二 二 拳 拳 拳 拳 拳 摆动 swinging feet, intertwined with each collision, will make a harsh sound, each time fighting, will set off a strong yo, the most important thing is each time 涟漪 swing, that 丁 仇 仇 will retreat step However, Chu Feng is pressing harder and harder.“Oh my God, what kind of person is Chu Feng? He actually did the repair of the Eight Immortals of Lingwu. He suppressed the double vengeance of Yuan Wu.”People are exclaimed. Many people see it with enthusiasm, because the scene before them tells them a terrible fact. Chufeng, who relies on aura to scrub the body and condense martial arts, really suppressed the enemies with Yuanli."It's amazing. I can't think that Chu Feng is so powerful. It seems that maybe he can really help me to win the championship at Zijin City."Chen Hui and Zijin City have many escorts and are very excited. Originally they had high hopes for Chen Yuxi, but they did not even think of Chu Feng as a blockbuster. This made them, depressed, once again saw hope."You don't want to break me with this Jinjia Steel? How can I be suppressed by this appearance?"Chu Feng was covered in thunder and lightning, and the idea was to turn the snake and dance. There was no need to give it a second shot. Just pressing harder and harder, he could retreat again and again and let him re-tie the steel bones, but he could not resist Chu Feng’s. Razer whip."Pressing me? You are not worthy of it!” Ding Qiu was forced by Chu Feng, and he took out two black swords from the Qiankun bag.Both knives are black and black, and you can't see what made them. The blade is not sharp, but it gives people an unusually strong sense. This is not an ordinary weapon.In the hands of Ding Qiu, the double-knife waved and turned into two black mounts. The black mount was very strange, as if they could cut off the aura, cut off the Yuanli, and actually cut off the thunderbolt and whip of Chu Feng and dissipate it in the air. After cutting off the thunder and lightning whip, Ding Chou actually defended the attack and killed Chu Feng.Chu Feng frowned and he could not imagine that there would be such a strange weapon between the world, able to degenerate his martial arts, but surprised by the surprise, Chu Feng did not flinch, and ideas turned, the body's spirit burst out.The violent thunder and lightning from the body, actually turned into a number of long thunder and lightning dragons, roaring dragons, sonic tremors, that tyrannical power, even the bucket than the bucket began to vibrate."Oh, after all, it's only four pieces of martial arts. Even if the mighty strength is stronger, I can also say it."Ding Chou Leng Leng soon as the offensive did not diminish, a number of dark spots across the empty, Thunder Dragon was actually he was cut off, dissipated, and against Chu Feng's body, slash away."Hateful, this guy's knife, really can break my thunder three." Chu Feng surprised, this time he finally saw the powerful knife that."That is ... black gold blade, built by black gold, can be all five martial arts." Someone exclaimed, recognizing the origin of the black blade."It was a black gold blade. This is a kind of treasure. It is worth a great deal. What is the origin of the enemy? Can you even use such a blade? And it is still two?!" and it was learned that the enemy in the hands of the enemies was after the Black Blade. People are even more surprised because the black gold blade is a valuable treasure."It's him, I know who he is!" At the moment, Chen Yuxi stood beside Chen Hui's side, and a small mouth rose slightly. Among Shui Run's eyes, there was a shock."What a pity, what's wrong? What's wrong with Ning Chou?" Chen Hui also realized that something was wrong and hurriedly asked."Two black gold blades must not be wrong. It must be him. In the assessment of my core disciples of Ling Yunzong, there was a disciple who killed one. The strength of the Wicked Wicked Wicked Beast acquired the core disciples of the year. The first place in the assessment."“Only one no one sees the man's appearance, and no one knows who the man is. It becomes a mystery. But someone saw it. It was a boy and he took two black gold blades.” The road."What? It was so fierce!" It wasn't just Chen Hui. The Zijin City guards around him all had open mouths and their faces were full of horror.Wicked beast, that is very powerful existence, Yuan Wu triple Wicked beast, it is very amazing, but Ding Chou could kill that Wicked beast, enough to explain this terrible, this is definitely a genius ah .Than the bucket stage, Black Mane flashes, Ding Qiu's offensive is extremely fierce, and at the moment of Chu Feng, can only rely on the absolute speed of the Royal Air Art, in the bucket than the chaos, aiming for the death corner of Ding Chou, to Thunder three style Launch an attack.However, this kind of enmity can not be underestimated, the response is extremely sensitive, Chu Feng's attack he could not do anything to him, every attack will be cut by a knife with black gold."It's useless, this black gold blade can be used for all martial arts that are less than five paragraphs. Although you are not weaker than Wudang Wuji in your thunderbolt martial arts, in fact, it is still a four-piece martial art that does not pose any threat to me." A vertical stature rushed over to Chu Feng again, and this time it was faster than before."Wuwu Wuji? Thank you for reminding me!"At this moment, Chu Feng was no longer dodging, but the mouth even set off a faint smile, actually stood waiting for the arrival of the enemy."That Chu Feng was not stupid, why not hide?"When people saw this scene, people were shocked because the power of the black gold blade was no small matter. Even martial arts skills could be cut off. If this knife fell on Chu Feng's body, it was simply unthinkable.At this moment, Chu Feng suddenly made a fist with both hands, and a golden gun speared his hands together. His feet stepped forward and his arms swayed. The golden spear in his hand was turned into a golden dragon and swept away.Then only to hear the loud noise of “砰”, the black gold blade of Ding Qiu’s hands was actually opened by Zhenfei’s flight, and the view of Ding’s enemies was a step backwards. The left palm that lost the black gold blade was actually a piece of blood. .This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!