The twelfth chapter 狠 狠 role (plus 10) "Chu Yue sister, how do you come out." Chu Feng asked puzzled.But Chu Yue was smiling and went to the front of Chu Feng. With that white jade hand, he gently punched in Chu Feng's chest. His face was full of joy:"Your kid, I said how you stayed at the outer door so calmly that I had caught up with me for a long time."Chu Fengji scratched his head: "Chu Yue sister, today is really trouble for you, I think you this Communist League party, but also disbanded.""It's okay. It's good to let them learn a long lesson and save you from bullying you all day.""Yes, Chu Fengdi, tomorrow, the elixir will hunt us together. It is very difficult for a person to get it.""Forget it, I know the relationship with them, even if I am willing to join the Chu League, they will not." Chu Feng shook his head.“You don’t care about it. This matter was given to me. In short, you come here to find us tomorrow.” Chu Yue then stuffed a piece of bamboo to Chu Feng, which is a gathering place for the next Yulin League tomorrow."Okay." See Chu month so persistent, Chu Feng is also really can not bear to refuse.After appeasing Chufeng, Chu Yue jumped to her house and she was really happy because Chu Feng gave her a big surprise today.The people in the world are respected by their strength. At the moment, Chufeng has shown impressive strength. She thinks the Chu family may approve Chu Feng.The Chu family can unite as one, regardless of each other, is her greatest wish."Chuwei Brother, you ..." may have just arrived at the mansion gate, Chu Yue found that the people of the Chu League, have already come out."Chu" Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen, stunned the Chuyue a month, apart from anything else they will quickly leave."Chu Yue, I didn't say you as a big brother. Today's thing, you are actually too partial to Chu Feng."“This is good, so that Chu Feng took away the two faeries and said nothing about it. He also let me be humiliated by him. Now everyone is gone and you are satisfied?” Chu Wei scolded him harshly. stand up.“Oh, Chu Wei’s big brother, when it’s me wrong, it’s not alright. How can we say that Chu Fengdi is also a member of the Chu Chu family?”"You see, Chu Fengdi's strength has also been seen. He is not a waste in your eyes. We, the Chu League, need manpower. It would be better for him to join us in the Chu League."He heard Chuyue this way, Chu Wei suddenly changed his face, but just to open his eyes flashed a touch of surprise, and then helpless sigh:"Hey, you really served this girl.""Well, if you look at your face, I will give him Chu Feng a chance. You will bring him together tomorrow.""Well, it is good to know Chu Wei's brother is best." Chu Yue jumped excitedly and laughed brilliantly."Well, let's take a rest early." Chu Wei shook his head and walked toward his residence."Chu Wei Brother also took a rest early." Chu Yue smiled and waved to Chu Wei and watched Chu Wei leave.Chu Wei promised Chu Feng to join the Chu League, which made Chu Yue overjoyed, but she did not see it. When Chu Wei turned around, the sinister smile on his lips."Sister Chuyue, the hidden name of Chu Feng was deep enough. I stayed at the outer door for so long. I didn't even hear his name. It seems that he was the first to go inside the door."At this moment, a young boy came over. Like Chu Feng, he was the new disciple of this year and he only joined the members of the Chu League.“You are right. When Chu Fengdi stayed at the outside door, he must be rewarded for his assessment, and he did not know that he did not get it.” To listen to him, Chuyue suddenly realized that."You have more thoughts of your sister Chuyue. This year, you can have a paralyzed role outside the door. It was taken away by the man in the first place.""Your Chu Feng-di, although strength is not bad, but compared with that person, simply do not flow." Juvenile laughed."What kind of character? How much?" Chu asked curiously."That's quite embarrassing. A fourth-order savage beast, nine third-order savage beasts, and thirty second-order savage beasts were all just killed by him.""When those genius disciples arrived at the outside gate, they saw only the bodies of the beasts in the land. What strength do you say?""This is so powerful?" At this moment, Chuyue is also a shocked face.She is also a person who has undergone internal assessment. She knows that the powerful array of organs, but also know the terrible of the beast.And before everyone could reach, it would be enough to kill so many savage beasts. She could well imagine how powerful this person was, and that at least he needed to be able to do so."What is that person's name?" When he was shocked, Chu Yue was eager to know the name of the character."Oh, I also want to know who he is.""But it is a pity that the man intentionally concealed his identity. After taking the reward, he did not open the gate to the underground palace. Instead, he hid it, so no one knew who he was." The teenager shook his head and quit."Then this person is really strange, so powerful, and so low-key, is there any ulterior secret?"At this moment, Chu Yue became more and more curious about the so-called defamation role.Because she knows, this is likely to represent that another talented disciple will rise at the Inner Gate."Dad." Suddenly, Chu Yue was shocked because she suddenly thought of the strange scene.When the brothers of Chu Chengchu and Chu Zhen left, they did not go to their houses. They walked in the same direction as Chu Feng.At this moment, Chu Yue was not good enough to quickly chase the past in the direction of Chu Feng’s previous departure.The inner door is very large. Chufeng and the official residence of Chuyue are indeed separated by a long distance.However, Chu Feng walked slowly and slowly until he arrived in a remote and unmanned place."Don't be sneaky, come out." Chu Feng will look into the dark corner behind him."The alertness is good, it seems that you really underestimated your kid." The voice just fell, two familiar figures came out, it is Chucheng Chuzhen two brothers.At this moment, Chu really looked a lot better, but the color of anger was not reduced in the slightest. He is now even killing Chu Feng's heart."Chu Feng, give you a chance to hand over the three Faeries, and then kneeling in front of my brother to admit mistakes, I will spare you once." Chu Cheng stared at Chu Feng, discourse filled with absolute confidence."What, you guys are going to rob me?""Robbing requires strength.""Strength? I'll tell you right now, what is strength?"Chu Cheng became a stature, a blast was lifted, and in a blink of an eye he came to the front of Chu Feng and his hand was eagle-clawed, attacking Chu Feng's throat.It must be said that Chu Cheng’s strength is several times stronger than that of Chu Zhen. Even if it is in the ranks of Lingwu’s four ranks, it is not a weak person.However, he is facing Chu Feng, even the fourth-order savage beasts can be empty-handed boxing role.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!