Chapter 141 The Imperial Burial "Qingjia? Do not say the origin of this Qingzhou, is this because this young family is not?" Chu Feng asked."Yes, now the name of Kyushu is indeed based on the nine Xiuwu family at that time.""Nine families have equal strength and form a situation where they each occupy one state and do not invade each other. This situation has been maintained for about two hundred years but has changed because of a change," Su Mei said."Changes, what changes?" Chu Feng became more and more curious."That year, the Qing family gave birth to a child. On that day when the child was born, the sky was full of sunshine. It enveloped the entire sky. Four giant beasts roared in the air and shook the entire continent.""And that child is more talented. According to legend, he has been born for a month and will already speak. In the second month, he will walk upright. When he was one year old, he began to study poetry and painting. When he was five years old, he would read the ancient books of the world." Sumei said.“What kind of prodigy is there between the world?” Chu Feng was surprised. This growth rate is indeed beyond the reach of ordinary people.“It’s not much. The main thing is that when the son was seven years old, his body and bones were excellent. It was equivalent to a twelve-year-old body. So when he was seven years old, he began to repair Wu.”“The most terrible thing is that in Xiuwu, this son is also very powerful. When he was 9 years old, he entered Yuanwujing. At the age of eleven, he entered the Xuanwu Border. When he was thirteen, he entered Tianwu and swept Kyushu. The overlord of Kyushu.""What was so powerful? At thirteen, he entered Tianwu and swept Kyushu to unify the mainland?"Chu Feng was taken aback and Tianwujing was so far. It was known to be the peak of Xiuwu. He was already at the age of thirteen, and it was too terrible.Chu Feng is now 15 years old. He was trained in the Eight-Year War of Empowerment. He was considered by many to be a genius, and the 13-year-old has already entered Tianwu. This is too easy. Even Chu Feng. It was also a surprise because I was extremely mediocre."What's wrong? It's still very much behind. When he was fifteen, he stepped into a new realm of repairs.""The new realm of repairs?""With the imperial situation in the world, mastering the ability to move mountains and reclamations, one can throw a handful of cities to destroy, killing all lives and killing an ant, is the real king among the world, dominates the life of the people, so people call this realm. For Wu Jun!""Wu Jun? Originally after Tianwujing, there were Wu Jun?" Chu Feng was surprised and could not help but ask, "What is this son called?""He is called Qing Xuan Tian," Su Mei replied."Qing Xuan Tian" Chu Feng deeply remembered this name because he had to remember such a figure, a true genius, a real big man.“The genius of blue-and-white is the greatest person I have ever seen on the mainland of Kyushu. It's just that the matter was too long, and there have been many changes in the Kyushu continent. Therefore, few people know about it until now.”“However, the strangest thing is that soon after Zeng Xuantian became a Wujun, he suddenly disappeared. There were different opinions about his disappearance. Some people said that he left because the Kyushu continent could no longer accommodate him.”“Some people also said that he was going to repair the martial arts. He had violated martial arts and was subjected to the scourge. He died in the year he became Wu Jun. For the time being, the reason he died is the most reliable.”"Is it really dead? Such a powerful figure just died." Chu Feng did not believe that such a powerful figure, how could one say that death was dead."It is indeed dead. Legend has it that he knows that he does not have much time. Before he died, he built a cemetery for himself. The tomb runs through half of Qingzhou and sets four entrances. The names of the four entrances are called Qinglong. , White Tiger, Suzaku, Xuanwu!""The four entrances, is it?"Chu Feng suddenly realized that at this moment he suddenly realized that the two burials of Qinglong Mountain and Suzakushan may be connected, but there are still two places, that is to say there are two burials in the territory of Qingzhou!"That's right, Suzaku Mountain, where I can visit Zhuquecheng, is one of the entrances."“In addition, there is the Qinglong Mountain Range where the Qinglong Emperor is located and the White Tiger Mountain Range where Baihu Resort is located. It is worth mentioning that the Xuanwu Mountain is where the Xuanwu Mountain is located, because the family of Gong Luyun is now the overlord of Xuanwu City.” Su Mei Explained.“So to say, your sister and Gong Luyun, the Qinglong Longzong were all the cemeteries of Qing Xuantian?”“The cemetery of Qing Xuantian is not something that we can open, but my Su family has always felt that the reason why the Qinglong Taoists can be the first person in the mainland before the millennium was precisely because they opened the cemetery of Qing Xuantian and obtained Something good."“When he came out of the mountain, he was known as a Qinglong Taoist. After his cultivation was Dacheng, he established Qinglong in the Qinglong Mountains, probably a thank you to Qing Xuantian.”“Now, although Qinglong Zong’s decline was unsatisfactory, it was because Qinglong Dao’s abstained from the previous year had not been passed down, but it was very likely that he was still within Qinglong.”“This is the reason why my sister and I joined the Qinglong Emperor. As for Gong Luyun, he conquered Xuanwu Town very strongly and believes that he or she will certainly know about this matter. The purpose of staying in Qinglongzong is the same as that of my sister.” Su Meidao Out of fact."It turned out to be the case." Chu Feng, who knew the truth, was even more excited. He couldn't think of having four burials in the territory of Qingzhou.The Qinglong Mountain Range and the Suzaku Mountain Range cannot be explored, but it does not mean that the other two burials cannot be explored. After all, he has obtained some benefits in the Suzaku Mountains. Perhaps the other two can achieve greater benefits."This incident is a secret that cannot be circulated. If it is known to Ling Yunzong or the Qilin royal palace, it will certainly cause a major storm.""Even the Jiang dynasty will even be affected. If it is known by this giant, I am afraid we will immediately take action. At that time, we will not be able to benefit from it." Su Mei reminded us with a dignified reminder."Rest assured, I will never tell the second person in this matter." Chu Feng raised his hand and promised, and then smiled again: "It was your girl who told me this secret, did you really like me? Alright?""You ... shamelessly, who will love you!" Said by Chu Feng, Sumei's face became red, and even the white-brown neck was red, but he pushed the door and ran out. , and then pointed to Chu Feng Road: "This is the room where you live, nothing to run around.""Hey, this girl, actually love so blush." ​​Looking at the back of Su Meiyuan, Chu Feng laughed."Fool, this time you're going to have a good luck." And just then, the sweet sound of the egg suddenly sounded and she could hear her very excited."I know that there are two more burials that can be explored." Chu Feng smiled."I see, you know that fart, runs through half of Qingzhou. How could a murder be so big?""If these four cults are really one, then this must not be a burial but a burial!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!