One hundred and thirty-two chapters summed up the trap “Duke of the Emperor?” Chu Feng was not sure, but he could hear the powerful."In short, the emperor's burial is very good, and you don't understand if you say too much. You only need to know that the burial of the emperor is an infinite treasure.""If there is a deceased burial in Qingzhou, then the guy named Qing Xuantian will never be such a simple Wu Jun. Historical records may be biased," said the egg.“More than Wu Jun? How many realms are there on Xiu Wu?” Chu Feng was thrilled and suddenly felt that he still had a short history, and many did not understand it."Those realms are too far away for you. Too much to say to you now is a loss. Anyway, there have been great people on the Kyushu continent, and they are shocked by the great people in the world."“If this tomb is still in good condition, then you must grow up as soon as possible, then kill all the people who know about this tomb in Kyushu, so as not to reveal the wind.”"It is not enough to level the Kyushu continent. In short, no one can let this news spread out."“What? Leveling the entire continent? Do you want me to kill everyone in this continent? You are too mad?”Chu Feng heard the back of the chill, although he can kill the enemy without mercy, but he can not kill civilians for their own purposes, to those who have nothing to do with their own people.“What do you know, the imperial burial is the greatest treasure in the world. Let me not say that I devoured the origin of the blue-and-white heavens, and that it will be promoted to what kind of cultivation. You can also rely on this burial and become a unique generation. character.""Don't you want to know what happened to your family? Don't want to know why your parents abandoned you? Why? There must be a reason.""According to my guess, most of your family have encountered a great hardship and forced you to send it out. It is impossible to know whether your family is present or not. In short, your parents are likely to have died. The family is probably dead."“And to exterminate your family and kill your parents, it’s even more powerful. Think about it now that even if you don’t have any control over the spirits that the family has left in your body, how can you deal with more than your family? Strong power?""Awake, the world is not as small as you think. There are countless talents. Genius is everywhere. Powerful forces have passed down for millions of years and are still standing at the pinnacle of the world.""You are just watching the sky now, but you are very lucky. Fortunately, there is an infinite treasure in this deep well. If you get this treasure, you have the ability to compete with the master well, and you can even snuggle with it. Revenge for your family," said the egg."You do not flicker me. Why should you say that my family may perish? Why should I say that my parents are dead? You have no evidence for this kind of thing. Maybe they have other reasons." Chu Feng said coldly, he had some Angry, because in his heart, he did not want his parents and family members to have an accident."Okay, I admit that your family is probably still alive. Your parents are still alive. But even if your family is still there, with your current cultivation as a face to return to the family? Face to see you Parents?""Now you are too weak. In this repairing world, you are the real ant. You don't need to use your hands to kill you. People can just put their farts and you can put your bones in your hands. It can wipe you out."The words of the egg were harsh and sharp, like a sharp knife, but the pride of Chu Feng's self-esteem was a bit, but it was such direct words that made Chu Feng realize how weak he was.Indeed, he needs to become stronger and stronger, and now he is not a genius, but he is too mediocre to be a genius. His true genius is like that of Xuan Xuantian. Perhaps there are many such geniuses outside this Kyushu mainland."Well, the treasure buried in this emperor will surely belong to me, but I will not slaughter innocent people for the sake of selfish desires." Chu Feng emphasized his way.“Before the women, until someone really communicates this secret to the outside of the mainland, when those real masters come in, you regret it.”“Yes, I’m still human, so I’m not cold-blooded like you. If there’s really one day, the news of the deceased’s burial was reported, and the treasure was taken by others. Then I didn’t complain, even if I didn’t rely on this place. I can also become stronger by myself.” Chu Feng’s attitude is very determined."Forget it, I won't fight with you. Now if you let people slaughter this continent, you don't have this ability, but let's go now." The egg urged."Let's go now? This is not good, after all, the father who promised Sumerian Soumi has stayed here for a few days.""Then go tomorrow, tomorrow, you must go tomorrow. This kind of thing cannot be delayed."After the decision, Chu Fengben wanted to refine the obtained spirit beads, but he also thought about it and feared that Sumei said that he was quick to gain instant benefits. Therefore, Chu Feng simply had no refining, and Lingzhu was in hand anyway, as long as he wanted to break through at any time. .At the time when the sky was dark, the dinner hosted by Su Zengyi for Chu Feng also began. There were only four people on the table: Su Mei, Su Rou, Chu Feng, and Su Gen.However, this table is very large. The table is full of rich food and drink. Basically, it is not eaten by Chu Feng. Just looking at it can increase the appetite. However, because the table is too large, the four people sit. Very scattered."Stupid, how do you know to eat meat, try this, the taste of vegetarian food, sometimes more delicious."However, it is silent that the United States and the United States even take the initiative to get together next to Chu Feng, constantly for the Chu Feng Jiancai, and even feed Chu Feng to eat, and Chu Feng is not polite, the two people on each other so the dish, feed Rice, it's called sweet.For such a scene, Su Lu, who had known his own sister's heart, only giggled with his hands, and that Su Hsuan could not say anything but got into an awkward position.Above this feast, Sue Ding took out the rookie award, ten beads.The ten Yuan Pearl is equivalent to 10,000 Lingzhu, which is twice as much as the rookie prize due to the rookie. But for this move, Chu Feng did not decline because he had no reason to reject. After all, he also knew that the Su family. I want to draw myself.Chu Feng has spiritual power. Now he has the opportunity to follow Ge Yunyun as a teacher. Later in the day and night, he will become a spiritual psychiatrist. The Su family also knows about the burial of the emperor. He naturally wants to draw Chu Feng and let Chu Feng serve him.After the banquet, Chu Feng went back to his room, but just returned to the room, the door was knocked, and one came to find Chu Feng, saying that Miss Su had two please.For Su Rou, Chu Feng was quite interested, so naturally he would not retreat. He walked into the palace where Su Rou was inhabited under the guidance of her.When Chu Feng had just entered the palace, two figures emerged from the darkness. One was Zhu Yin, the owner of the Zhuque City, and the other was the lean old man who was both white and white."Is it arranged?" Looking at his daughter's palace, Su marks open.“The city owner is assured that from now on, this Chu Feng is even my Su family.” The old man smiled strangely.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!