Hundred and Thirty-four Hungry Wolf White Rabbit "Awful, who is doing us harm!"Su Rou has already seen the clue. At the moment, Chu Feng has lost his sensibility. Obviously he is under the control of drugs. She is also bound by cultivation. She should also be invisible, but she can do it in her city. Hands and feet, this is not what ordinary people can do."This smell?" At this moment, Su Rouai noticed that there was a strange flower fragrance in the bathroom, and this smell was so familiar that it made her suddenly realize that it was hard to believe.Because this is a unique psychedelic drug that can limit the cultivation of human beings. It is an extremely valuable thing. It is the treasure bestowed by his father Su Shou."Is it my father? Why did he do this?" At this moment, Su Rou was completely confused. She couldn't think of the reason her father had harmed her. But this thing was indeed her father's. In addition to her father, there was no one among the Su family, and only her father could put this special psychedelic medicine into her bathroom.Left thinking rightly, she could think of only one of her father, but she really could not figure out why her father had to do this and why he wanted to harm his own daughter.But at this time, Su Rou's face was greatly changed, and she squealed in pain because she felt a tearing pain. This was caused by Chu Feng."Chu Feng, you're a fucking egg, you give me awake."Su Rou frantically struggling to push Chu Feng, but Chu Feng pressed against him, like a mountain, she can not shake, can only let that pair of eyes bloody, Chu Feng constantly gasping Chu Feng She pressed her down and she could do nothing about it.Chu Feng rubbed his painful head and slowly opened his eyes. He stumbled across the corners of his mouth and smiled as he clearly remembered that he had made a beautiful dream. Even a beautiful American would not even want to wake up. In the dream, in the dream, he did a very comfortable thing. Although the details and people can't remember, it was a wonderful and unforgettable thing.“Su Rou!” But when Chu Feng saw him, after his body was full of naked Su Su, and a small pool of blood on the ground, it was an instant mess.Reminiscent of the fragmentation in memory, Chu Feng thought of an incredible thing, that is, he actually pushed Su Mei's sister, Miss Su Lu, the second wife of the Su family, and forced him down."My God, how can I make this kind of thing?" Chu Feng was completely paralyzed, and was overwhelmed."You don't have to blame yourself. It doesn't blame you." Su Lu's expression was cold and his voice was calm. It seemed that she had been awake for a long time, and she had adjusted her emotions. Su Lu got up and was white. The perfect jade body was once again displayed in front of Chu Feng."This ...." Upon seeing this, Chu Feng subconsciously turned his head and dared not look again."You don't have to do it. You've seen enough last night."Su Roubei teeth bite the lower lip, she is really angry, because last night Chu Feng looked at her jade body, but also took away her most precious chastity.Although he knew that Chu Feng was not willing to act last night, he saw Chu Feng at the moment to make such a gentleman and even look ashamed. Su Lu still didn't fight."My repairs have now been restored. If you dare to rise up to me again, I will certainly abandon you.""I will be responsible." Chu Feng did not fear, but said vowed."I don't need you to take responsibility. You just hope that you don't speak out about this matter, and ... don't behave." Su Luo gritted his teeth and said the words behind."You do not worry, I will not live up to Xiaomei, but I will not let you down. I will have you both sisters." Chu Feng's face was solemn."You ..." and heard Chu Feng, Su Rou was more angry and pale, and then glanced at Chu Feng: "You are greedy."After this sentence, Su Rou walked out of the bathroom, but stopped at the corner. The jade body leaned against the wall and whispered to himself, “Strange, why should I be so angry? What is the feeling of feeling?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!