The thirteenth chapter to me for mercy to ask for mercy (Gao more 11), "Hey." Chu Feng form a flash to the side, they escaped Chu Cheng's attack.At the same time, unilaterally, he suddenly turned, and after a turn, the whip leg was drawn out.Upon seeing this, Chu Cheng’s face was slightly changed, and her stature rushed backwards. However, Chu Feng’s whip legs were not only extremely fast but also difficult to avoid.Under a hurry, Chu Cheng had to fight with arms to block the attack of Chu Feng.With one leg sweeping, Chu Cheng was shaken for a few moments, and the feeling of numbness between his arms continued to spread.At this moment, Chu Cheng became slightly wrinkled and he could not think of it anyway. Chu Feng would have such great strength.This strength has completely exceeded his expectations and he must be taken seriously."There are two sons and ones, but only with a brute force, it will be difficult to make it into a masterpiece after all. I will let you know about the power of martial arts."The Chucheng number refers to even the body acupuncture points, suddenly burst into a cry, the clothes suddenly rose a lot, and both fists increased a lot.Moreover, his skin is also changed from white to purple, and it is very scary.Chu Feng's eyes were slightly blurred. He could see that what Chu Cheng used was an enhanced military technique.This martial arts will not change the tricks, but the personal system will be improved.Practice to a certain point, water and fire do not invade, invulnerability, the whole body is a weapon.See Chu Feng's look has changed, Chu Cheng suddenly proud of it, although Chu Feng's strength made him unexpected, but he knew that without practicing martial arts, is the biggest weakness of Chu Feng.His martial arts, called the steel body, rely on this martial arts. He is invincible against the equivalent person, so he has absolute confidence that he can defeat Chu Feng."Chu Feng, you are mercilessly asking for mercy, still ...."But before he could finish his words, Chu Feng suddenly appeared in shape and disappeared.When Chu Feng reappeared, he was already a forceful punch before Chu Cheng and was constantly magnified before his eyes."You are asking yourself what it is."See Chu Feng actually dared to play against him physically, Chu Cheng sneer soon as the same blow out, actually huffs against Chu Feng's fist.With two punches in opposition, they actually made sounds like steel collisions.Only after the confrontation, Chu Cheng actually went back a few steps again. The sense of crispness in the boxing did not diminish, but when he looked at Chu Feng again, he did not retreat."How can this guy be so tough?"Chu Cheng finally realized that he was not right. With the martial arts he trained, almost no one in the same hierarchy dared to challenge him.But at the moment, Chu Feng is not only hard but also completely prevailed, which made him feel extremely bad.Suddenly, Chu Feng stature forward one by one, single palm hit, once again hit the face of the door into the Chu Cheng.With the first two lessons of Chu Cheng, this time is no longer connected, but aimed at Chu Feng's wrist, grabbed.This time, Chu Cheng also displayed a martial arts technique. He was an astounding and ingenious apprentice. He did not wait until Chu Feng responded. He had already grasped Chu Feng's wrist.But he was not happy to be happy with Chu. He found out in horror that his own intent was actually empty. The palm of his hand that had gone straight to the door had disappeared.Just as he was surprised, a powerful hand had fallen on his chest.Chu Feng's palm was extremely strong. Chu Chu spent a full ten meters and then fell to the ground. Big mouth blood blew out.This scene, let Chu Zhen spectators watching the game stunned, he could not think of anyway, even the four-in-one Chu Wu Cheng will also be lost in the hands of Chu Feng.This is beyond his tolerance. After all, Chu Feng in his eyes is a waste that cannot be recycled anymore."How could this be..."At this moment, Chu's face, in addition to suffering, is more shocking.Because he could not figure it out and could not figure out how to grasp Chu Feng’s wrists, how could he be hit by Chu Feng."Can you say that he practiced martial arts?""Impossible. It is absolutely impossible. He entered the inner door only ten days. How could he master martial arts?"Chu Cheng felt that it was impossible for Chu Feng to display his skills because he could not master a martial art within 10 days.But if you let him know that Chu Feng is not only playing martial arts, but also the inner door is the strongest martial arts virtual palm, I do not know how he would feel.“Big Brother.” At this moment, Chu really ran over and tried to escape when he started up.He is really panicked, as long as he thinks that Lianchu Chengdu is not an opponent of Chu Feng. The only thing he wants to do is flee."Two, don't hurry to go wow."At this time, Chu Feng appeared silently and stopped the way."Chu Feng, what do you want?"Chu Zhen's pretending to be calm, but still can not hide his inner fear.Because Chu Feng at the moment was completely different from what he had in mind, it was simply a person. Such a change made him fearful."If you don't want to, hand over everything from you and give me a beggar to ask for mercy, I will spare you." Chu Feng's face carries a smile, but such a smile is even more daunting."Chu Feng you do not go too far." Chu Cheng teeth."I'm too much? You keep saying that I'm a waste. I am insulting me in front of others.""Still sneaking over and trying to rob me and teach me, now I'm actually saying I'm too much?""I know that if you don't take me as the Chu family, I don't care because I never took you as a family."“But you insulted me that Chu Feng could, but I dared to treat Chu Yue sister like that before. I couldn’t stand it because Chu Yue’s sister was a family member to me. She was one of the few people I wanted to protect. ."Here, Chu Feng face suddenly turned cold, and then suddenly shot, only to listen to the "cricket" two crisp sound, two recorded loud slap in the face, they fell on the face of Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen.The two slaps were very hard, knocking the two hard to the ground, then Chu Feng suddenly slammed and squatted on Chu Cheng's chest."Isn't your mouth talking very much? Isn't it a good word to criticise? Isn't it a dare to threaten people?""Why don't you talk? Say, talk... Ask me for mercy," Chu Feng said, facing the face of Chu Cheng and two slaps.After two slaps, Chu Cheng's cheeks were printed with two red palm prints, and a trace of blood overflowed from the mouth."Let me ask you for this waste, beg for fortune, dream" Chu Cheng appears very bone-quicker.However, Chu Feng smiled slightly, and then waved his arms, but also a few slap in the face of "squeak" fell on the face of Chu Cheng.In this case, Chu Cheng's cheeks soon swelled up, and Chu-hyun was dubbed by Chu Feng."Chu Feng, I fight with you." Seeing that his big brother was beaten like this, Chu finally broke out."Roll" However, Chu Feng only waved his sleeves, and one of his slaps slammed the fan into the ground. Even the strength to climb up was gone.At this moment, Chu Zhen really realized that the gap between him and Chu Feng was so great that he could not even hold a trick from Chu Feng."Chu Feng, you kind of kill me." Chu Cheng exposed fierce, roared.“Do you think I dare?” Chu Feng said, pulling a dagger from Chu Cheng’s waist and pointing it to Chu Tian’s Dantian. He said:"I only say a few numbers. If you do not ask for mercy, I will abandon your pubic region so that you can never repair it.""You dare to!" Hear Chu Feng said, Chu Cheng face suddenly changed, the previous vicious moment is not replaced by a terrifying incomparable.Like Chu Chuzhen, he has an illusion that Chu Feng in front of him is completely different from Chu Feng who is in his memory.He is really not sure whether Chu Feng will actually abandon his pubic region and whether he will really kill him.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!