Chapter 138 Special Ability Chu Feng is excited and his field is undergoing unprecedented changes.Nine thunder beasts, nine colors, nine forms, constantly changing, constantly chanting, each snoring is enough to shake the world, but at this moment, only Chu Feng and eggs can hear.Suddenly, a golden thunder beast actually escaped from the group, and with that dazzling golden Leiman, decided to fly out from within Dantian, actually got into the heart of Chu Feng.At this moment, Chu Feng could clearly hear that his own heart beat twice, and a feeling of indefinableness hovered in his heart.The golden thunder beast actually split in the heart of Chufeng and turned into countless golden electric poles. The golden telescope, like several golden snakes, swiftly moved along the blood vessels and soon occupied. The blood of Chu Feng's body.An indescribable strong feeling spread out in the blood of Chu Feng, because the blood of Chu Feng is no longer the blood of the ordinary people, but the blood filled with golden thunder.At this moment, the eight Thunder Giants in Dantian stopped the galloping and roaring, and once again hugged each other and entrenched within the Dantian. At the same time, they radiated from Dantian and scrubbed all over the body. Reiki, but Yuan Li.Breakthrough, and finally broke through, Chu Feng broke through the shackles of Lingwujing, entered the long-awaited Yuanwu environment, feeling the strong Yuanli in the body, Chu Feng unusually happy.Although Yuan Bujing felt that with the help of eggs, Chu Feng had felt once, but this time it was completely different, not only because it was Chu Feng’s own strength, the most important being Chu Feng’s blood. Among them, there are more golden lightnings.The Golden Thunder can communicate with Yuanli, and has resonated with Chu Feng. It can be used by Chu Feng. If God-given God has special abilities, then Chu Feng at the moment seems to have already grasped it. The special ability.Suddenly, Chu Feng burst into a drink. Among his double pupils, two golden thunders emerged. The golden Thunder surged in his eyes and the momentum of the entire person became completely different.At the same time, the golden lightning that wandered in his blood began to roar. With Chufeng as the center, the Yuanli around Chufeng formed a human-shaped shield. The repair of Chu Feng actually entered Yuan Wu’s duality from Yuan Wuyi."Wow, this is your ability. It's so powerful. It actually allows you to cultivate and directly raise a realm of state. It's still a result of a thunderbolt being integrated into your body. If nine thunders are all integrated into your body, you will use it. What will you do?"“Good guy, you are really not a god of mine. If you break a big realm and you get a thunder force, then your future success will probably have to go against the sky.”The egg cheered excitedly and exclaimed, and even she was surprised by the strange power that Chu Feng had obtained.After all, it is now possible for Chu Feng to directly promote a heavy cultivation as a result of a thunderbolt integration into the body. If the eight Thunders in Dantian are all used by Chu Feng, what kind of power will they obtain? It is hard to imagine.After all, it's just the power of this golden Thunder, and the magical effects of the other eight Thunders are completely unknown. The only certainty is that these nine Thunder will bring Chu Feng extremely terrible power."It's very powerful. This kind of feeling is very good. For those of you who are Wuwu Wuyuan, you are not afraid of fear. Even if you are a person of the Sixth Army of Yuanwu, I will be able to win the battle. Even if I cannot overcome it, it is very difficult for the other person to hurt me. As long as I am willing, I am afraid that there is no one in the Yuanwu territory who can stop my footsteps."Chu Feng is equally ecstatic, because Chu Feng is more able to feel his own changes than the eggs that lived in his spiritual world. The overbearing force from Dantian, the overbearing thunder from the blood, allows Chu Feng to have Great confidence.He thinks that Wu Wu Wu Wu, he can easily be slain, Yuan Wu six heavy as long as he is full of a fight, it will not be his opponent, even if the Yuan Wu Qizhong he could not cope, but with a Royal Air This skillful seven-piece body and martial arts skill, as long as Chu Feng wants to escape, I am afraid Yuan Wu territory, no one can stop him."It seems that your appointment with Gong Lunyun is really not a problem. Today, he is a basalt. Even if the talent is no better, he is an ordinary person after all. At the time of the appointment, his cultivation was at most Xuanwu II. weight.""Although you have just entered the territory of Yuanwu, you are a god-given deity. You are dubbed the name of a truly genius. You have the ability to master special abilities. With the means you now have, you don't have to step into Xuanwujing. You only have to fight on the day of the war. If you reach the height of Yuanwu, you can easily overcome Gong Luyun.""In this way, if you only need to upgrade the sevenfold repairs, you can win Gong Luyun. Even if it is less than a year, it will be very difficult for you. But don't forget to have this Queen, too. Sit in town.""As long as you can make the Queen have enough original engulfing before that engagement, repairing to achieve Yuan Wu Jiuju will naturally guarantee you victory.""You, this girl, don't want me to find the source for you. I have a war with Gong Luyun. I still want to rely on my own strength to win. Unless I'm forced, I will not use your strength."Chu Feng naturally knows that in the period of less than this year, it will be very difficult to step into seven heavy repairs and step into Yuanwu Jiuquan because it requires a lot of Yuanzhu as resources.Compared to a large number of Yuanzhu, the original source of the Xuanwujing master is indeed better. After all, there are still many Xuanwu masters in Qingzhou. As long as Chu Feng masters the art of enchantment, the source does not imagine it. difficult.However, Chu Feng still wanted to rely on his own strength to defeat Gong Luyun, because he wanted to use his own ability to go to the people who had humiliated him, defeated him, and killed him.After the breakthrough in the repair, Chu Feng left the station and chose to go on the road. Although using the power of Golden Thunder, Chu Feng will not feel any burden, but Jin Lei’s blinking eyes and the shield formed by Yuanli will Let Chu Feng become different.Therefore, when there is no event, Chu Feng naturally will not use this special method. In addition, in order to better infiltrate the White Tiger Mountains, the eggs are also handed to Chu Feng. Through the power of enchantment, they hide the means of true cultivation.This method is very good, can hide their true flavor, unless it is a very powerful spiritual division, or even if a Xuanwujing Xiuwu master, can not penetrate Chu Feng's cultivation.Chu Feng, riding a bloody BMW, flew all the way, and quickly left the sphere of influence of Zhuque City. Only at this moment, in front of the broad road, there was a group of familiar faces, and that was actually the group. Himself vying for the blood of the BMW Han."Oh, stinky, we've been waiting for you for a long time."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!