Chapter 133 The palace where the poisoning Surou is inhabited is not very big, but it is exquisite, especially the interior decoration of the palace is unique and very atmospheric. And the palace is full of aromas everywhere. At first glance, it is known as the girl's place of residence."Master Chu Feng, please drink tea. This is what Miss Liang specially told me to prepare for you. It is a fine tea."At the time of the Chu Feng banquet, he ate a lot of dishes and drank a lot of wine. Now this cup of incense tea is exactly what Chu Feng needs, especially the aroma of this tea. It is very special and there is simply no way to say it. Out of temptation.Chu Feng took a cup of fragrant tea and said that he had not yet quenched thirst. He simply picked up the teapot and poured it into his mouth. After drinking the whole pot of tea, he wiped his mouth and said, “Miss Missy is now. where?""The second lady said she was waiting for you on the top floor.""Hey, let me go up?" Chu Feng felt a little strange, how to invite him over and not personally come to meet, but let him go up to find her?But when I think about it, Chu Feng can understand it. Even though Chu Feng is a guest at the Su family, Su Lu is, after all, an Elder of Qing Longzong. On his own identity and strength, he takes the initiative to meet Su Lu. It is normal.Thought of this, Chu Feng walked upstairs, and the embarrassment was a strange smile, closed the palace gate, quietly left the palace.The palace has a total of five floors. Chu Feng walks slowly upwards. As soon as he reaches the second floor, he feels something wrong with the body. His body is hot, and his flaming fire rises under the belly. He has set a goal and has already set up a small tent."I rely on, how is it?!" Chu Feng was speechless, quickly tidy up the robe, cover up their own reaction, or let Su Rou see, will definitely be used as a rogue.Chu Feng continued to go upwards and could go to the third floor, and the following was getting higher and higher. This made Chu Feng uncomfortable. Although it was young and full of spirits, independence was a common thing, but as hard as it was, it was still the first time."Damn, wrong, is it something tonight that's filled with something that has inspired my male?"Chu Feng realized that something was wrong. It was not his normal state. At the moment, his neck was red and thick, and the blood in his body was boiling. He seemed to be an unnamed fire that ignited his entire body.And this nameless fire, which is the legendary evil fire, will make people's brains occupied by desires. If you want to do things for men and women, if you do not vent, you will be detrimental to your health."My day, it seems that things can't be eaten."Chu Feng made a fuss and rushed to change the body's reiki and suppressed the evil fire in his body. He had to say that the power of Aura was wonderful. This operation did indeed have some effects.Feeling that his boiling desires were under control, this dared to continue to walk upwards, but when Chu Feng came to the fourth floor, a sudden fragrance rose from the fifth floor.This is like a certain kind of floral fragrance. It is fascinating to indulge. Chu Feng is involuntarily attracted by it and quickens its upward steps. Just after reaching the fifth floor, Chu Feng heard the sound of splashes and rushed to the surface. It is a fog.At this moment, Chu Feng was cluttered and subconsciously thought of a certain possibility. Although this scene was his first experience, what he thought was like the place where the woman bathed.At this time, Chu Feng suddenly discovered that his aura began to dissipate quickly and instantly lost all his aura, as if his cultivation had been drained. After all these years of repairing Wu, all disappeared.In order to change to the usual, Chu Feng may think in meditation and find his own reasons for repair. However, Chu Feng at the moment is a panic because his desire to be restrained by the spirit pressure is already out of turmoil. In the past, it was several times stronger.At this moment, being tempted by desires, Chu Feng is about to lose his senses, and the subconscious must leave here, otherwise he always feels that something unpleasant will happen.“铛啷啷” But between the panic, Chu Feng accidentally knocked down a porcelain vase. Although it did not fall, it still made a loud noise."Who?" At this moment, the voice of a fiery and sweet woman suddenly rang. It was Su Lu."Do not come!" Chu Feng subconsciously shouted, because simply hear Su Lu's voice, he is already intolerable, God knows that if you see Sulu as a fox, what kind of things he will do."Chu Feng, is it you?" After listening to Chu Feng's voice, Su Rou's alertness was noticeably slackened. After listening to a splash of sound, a gentle pace followed.At this moment, Chu Fengben wanted to leave, but after seeing an enchanting shadow from that mist, he could not help but stop the pace of his feet. Staring at the shadow.Su Lu stepped out of the fog, wrapped in a white towel under the body, and outlined the enchanting body. The white, fragrant shoulders were all exposed.The wet long hair was scattered on the shoulder of the incense. The drops of water were still around her delicate and silky skin. Slowly falling, the beauty and beauty went to the extreme. Whether it was a fox-like face or it was like a devil. The figures are for people to look at only one thing and they want to get fire.“Chu Feng is really you. How did you come here?” Seeing Chu Feng and Su Rou, despite being somewhat surprised, they still smiled charmingly and showed a touch of style, especially the soft and sweet voice. Feng's final consciousness collapsed.“Su” is a Surou who can't be controlled by ordinary people. Not to mention Chu Feng who had been swallowed by evil spirits, his arms spread out, his legs forcefully smashed, and he rushed to the glamorous Su Rou.See Chu Feng rushing toward himself. Su Lu spent a bland face. She felt that she was trying to dodge, but she found her own body, not even a hint of mystic power. Even though her eyes could see clearly the motion of Feng, the body was Not keep up with the reaction.A scream came and Su Rou was thrown to the ground by Chu Feng, and was pressed by her body. At this moment Su Lu's white cheek suddenly rose red with a pair of big eyes and was staring straight. With Chu Feng, his eyes are filled with horror and fear.Because she can feel that at this moment there is something on Chu Feng and she is wearing her jade body. For this situation, Su Rou can naturally think of what is going on."Chu Feng, what do you want to do, get up quickly."Under panic, Su Rou wanted to push Chu Feng, but he couldn't use a little effort at all, and her smooth and delicate jade hand rubbed on Chu Feng's body, instead making Chu Feng’s desire more intense.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!