The 130th chapter of the Su family's secret "Ding Chou at the moment of the injury, not Chu Feng created, but he himself." At this time, that Chen Yue slowly walked over."What do you mean by this?" Lord of the Storm Cloud City puzzled."To kill seven wounded fists, there are seven layers. Each layer can stimulate the potential in the body and gain extraordinary power. This kind of power comes at a price, and each layer will cause some harm to the body.""Following the legendary cultivation to the seventh floor, it will gain several times the strength of its own, but after this power disappears, it will look down and lose all cultivation.""To kill seven wounded fists, there is a big fist, it is inevitable to kill the enemy, but it is also a real double-edged sword, the stronger the power obtained, the greater the price paid."“This practice of devotion to the third level, although not yet destroying our own cultivation, will also be extremely traumatized. At least we must cultivate for two months before we can get out of bed.” Watching that miserable, bearing Ding Qiu and Chen Yuxi told us in great detail.Hearing this, Chu Feng and others could not help but cast their merciful eyes on Ding Qiu, which would be the opposite of the truth. At this moment, it was verified on Ding Qiu's body.However, at this moment, Chen Xixi cast a meaningful gaze on Chu Feng. He was able to push Ding Qiu to this point and eventually win the victory. At the moment, he can still stand here with no one else. Chu Feng left her with her. It was extremely impressive.Such a genius, she did not know if she had Ling Yunzong or not, but at least she was the most feared one among the people she had seen. She could hardly imagine what would be strong when Chu Feng was equal to her age. .After that, the rookie conference ended and Chu Feng brought a huge surprise to the people. He had a classic battle with Ding Chou and was hailed as the most exciting duel since successive rookie conferences.The impression that Chu Feng left for people is even more indelible. People think that they have witnessed the birth of a genius. Qing Longzong has a genius.This genius is likely to change the fate of Tsing Lung Tsung, and perhaps it will lead this glorious sect of Kyushu back to its glorious path. Even if it is not as strong as it used to be, it is likely to become a first-class door.Even the city of Zijin has attracted much attention. Many people who look down at Zijin City have started to cling to Chen Hui. The reason why this is so is naturally because of Chu Feng.Zijin City won the championship of this year's rookie contest because Chu Feng won the tribute tax this year. This made Chen Hui very happy, but the happiest was not to get rid of the tribute tax, but Zijin City had such a talent. The light on his face made him finally able to lift his head in front of many city owners.The rookie convention ended. While everyone was talking about the name of Chufeng, there were many discussions. Chu Feng did not leave Suzaku City but was invited by Su Mark to stay in Zhuque City for a few days.For this kind of thing, all people can understand that Chu Feng’s talent has been demonstrated. Everyone with a little wisdom will try to win over him. Not to mention Su Xian. Even the other city’s owners are starting to inquire about the Chu family. We must secretly confess with the family of Chu Feng."Chu Feng, you guys don't listen to me and forget that I told you that cultivation is going to progress. If you go on like this, there will be a big loss sooner or later."In one of Zhuquecheng's gardens, Chu Feng and Su Mei walked side by side. Although he was happy to win Chu Feng, this Nizi was worried about the rapid growth of Chu Feng."Well, you can rest assured about this girl. I don't understand why I am Chu Feng. I am not a quick-motivated person. I have a sense of discipline in my practice. I will not harm myself.""What's more, if a year later, if I can not overcome Gong Luyun, even if he does not kill me, I have no face to continue to live, after all, the words have been said to go out." Chu Feng smiled."You guys are so impulsive."When mentioning this matter, Su Mi's little face was full of sadness. Gong Luyun was the first disciple of Qing Longzong, but in fact, even the first disciples of some first-class doors may not necessarily be better than that of Gong Luyun.Gong Luyun is a true genius. Only 20 years old is already a basalt weight, comparable to her sister Su Lu, and Chu Feng has to catch up with Gong Luyun in less than a year. This is really like a fantasy. ."Oh, rest assured that I have a sense of mind, you have to believe me.""It was your sister, born from such a wealthy family, why should you choose to join the Qinglong Emperor?" Chu Feng felt that the Soviet Union and the United States did not feel right, and quickly moved the topic."This ...." mentioned this, Su Mei's sweet face suddenly changed, emerged in embarrassing color."Forget it, if it is not convenient, as if I did not ask it." Chu Feng smiled with interest."No." Upon seeing this, Su Mei was immediately nervous and seemed to be afraid of what Chu Feng thought of her. After carefully looking around, he grabbed Chu Feng's arm and pulled Chu Feng into a room.After the door was closed, Su Mei looked through the door carefully and looked out for a while. Then he looked at Chu Feng. "You use spiritual power to see if there is anyone nearby.""The induction was very safe." Chu Feng also realized that something was wrong, but he became more and more inquisitive because he always felt that there seemed to be some hidden secret here."Not that I don't believe you. It's just a matter of great importance. It couldn't be brought to anyone, but since you asked, I..."... Su Mei is a bit embarrassed."If it is a secret, then forget it." Chu Feng smiled, he did not want to Sumei.At this moment, Su Mei bit his teeth, and then said: "Who do you think is the most powerful figure in the history of Qingzhou?""Of course it was my founding father of Qinglongzong, Qinglong Taoist. He did not claim to be the oldest man in the Kyushu mainland. Even Jiang's emperor was extremely jealous of him." Chu Feng replied."No." Sumei shook his head and said: "Qinglong Taoist, really powerful, but he is not Qingzhou appeared, the most powerful figure.""Oh? There are still more people than his old man?" Chu Feng more and more curious.“Well, but this is just a legend, a legend that has not been verified. Legend has it that the land of Kyushu was still a wilderness 10,000 years ago. At that time, the population was far less than the current one percent.”“The Jiang’s dynasty has not yet emerged, and all the doors of the sect have not risen. The term “Xiuwu” is unfamiliar to people because at that time the person who mastered the cultivating of the wushu would not pass the law of cultivating the military to outsiders. ”“So there were very few people who had martial arts training in the Kyushu continent. Only nine families knew how to repair the military. The nine families occupied Kyushu respectively and occupied the Qingzhou family, which is called the Qing family.”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!