Chapter 136: Blood and Blood Champion Chu Feng left the Zhuque city and set the target in the Baihu Mountains. As for the simple reason, Xuanwu Mountain is occupied by Xuanwu City, and Xuanwu City is also the site where Gong Luyun's family resides. The exposure of Chu Feng’s identity is very likely to result in death. Without absolute strength, naturally it cannot be rushed forward.While the Baihu Mountain Range is also occupied by a White Tiger Mountain Villa, White Tiger Mountain Villa is not the only overlord of the White Tiger Mountain Range. According to Chu Feng, the White Tiger Mountain Range includes a number of mountain villas besides the White Tiger Mountain Villa. Together, these mountains and villas enjoy the resources of the White Tiger Mountain Range. Therefore, it is relatively easy to mix Chufeng with the White Tiger Mountain Range.Because this trip was a long way away, and did not say hello to the people of Suzaku City when they left, so Chu Feng left Suzaku City and came to a station where he wanted to buy a group of fast horses because if he walks forward, even if Chu-Maple Aura is more than enough, I am afraid it will run out."This guest officer, the horses we have here are all good horses, and each horse can travel thousands of miles a day. This is especially true for this bloody BMW. It's even faster. It's a breeze to drive 8,000 miles. It's a horse. King of the middle ah." The second child in the post, pointing to a tall red horse blowing."It's easy to move five thousand miles a day."Chu Feng had some doubts. The horse was blood-red, and it was indeed stronger and stronger than other horses. It was similar to Zijin City and other BMWs in Zhucheng, and even had better quality. It was indeed a good horse.However, in this horse's eyes, there is a bit of wildness, the kind of arrogant demeanor, to see Chu Feng have a touch of contempt, I am afraid not easy to ride people in the armpits, like a tamed wild horse.“You are a guest officer, do you think I can lie to you? This is indeed a good horse, but it is a number of masters who cultivate Wu, and they are tamed together. But this horse is wild, if you are not a master of cultivation, I really can't manage it." Xiao Er quickly explained."Hey, it's really a horse." To listen to him this way, Chu Feng was more interested in this horse. It reminded Chu Feng of his desire to tame it. Then he said: "What's the price for this horse? I'll buy it." It!""This guest officer, are you sure you want to buy this sweaty BMW? This horse is not cheap!"But when he heard that Chu Feng actually wanted to buy it, the junior two was surprised. In fact, he introduced this horse to Chu Feng. He just wanted to let Chu Feng know that this station was very informative, but he never thought that Chu Feng could buy it. After all, the price of this horse is not something ordinary people can afford, not to mention Chu Feng, a juvenile boy dressed in common clothing."Do you think I'm just kidding?" Chu Feng faintly smiled.“Oh, worthy of this guest officer, ordinary horses in this station will probably have dozens of lines and two lines of silver, but the horses in high quality spots will have one or two golds. As for this bloody BMW, the price is comparable to the former two. It's going to be much higher." Xiao Er sold his son."How much?" Chu Feng was impatient. He could have changed for the past. He may worry about money. But today, he can be said to be a real rich man, at least compared with these civilians, is absolutely rich."Hey, a Lingzhu!" Xiao Er extended a finger and smiled.“What? A single bead, which is equivalent to one hundred two gold ah. Such a horse, actually worth so much money?”When Xiao Er’s remarks came out, Chu Feng had no response. Many people around him were exclaimed. Because they had come to an interest, they all got together and seriously looked at this sweaty BMW and wanted to see How unique it is, it can be worth so much money.Looking at the curious eyes around him, Chu Feng smiled a bit. One of the Lingzhus is really a problem for him today."This is a BMW, a spiritual value." But still do not wait for Chu Feng to speak, a wild voice suddenly sounded.Looking forward, I saw a group of Han. I was slowly coming. The headed man was a Han with a full face. He wore upper body, exposing the strong muscles, and the frightening knife on the muscles. And what he just said was what he said.When we met this group of people, everyone hurried to one side, because by looking at their appearance alone, we can see that this should be a martial arts cult and that they are by no means a good class and that they cannot be offended."Little Two, this sweaty BMW, Lao Zi wants it!" The collusion Hu Dahan, took out a golden bead from her arms and gave it to the sophomore.When she received Lingzhu, Xiao Erle smiled and looked out. He couldn't think of anyway. This BMW of blood was really able to sell such astronomical prices. But at this moment, Chu Feng spoke."Wait and so on, after the first arrival, I still haven't said whether or not to buy. How can you sell it to others?""I saw the little brother. You are also a martial arts person, but you also heard that this sweaty BMW can be worth a holy bead and a holy bead. When you think about it, can you buy it? ?"The Hu Han's Dahan smiled and looked at Chu Feng with a smile. The gaze was full of contempt, and the group of Hans behind him was even more ridiculous. He felt that Chu Feng and their boss were in control of the horse.Even many people onlookers began to point fingers at Chu Feng and felt Chu Feng was blind to Tai Shan and should not offend such a group of people.For the eyes of everyone, Chu Feng ignores it, but slowly raises his hand and reaches out to the waist pocket."Oh my God, that .... That's the legendary Qiankun bag." Suddenly someone shouted."What? Qiankun bags!" And at this moment, the people onlookers are all paying attention and investing in the pockets of Qiankun pockets.After all, the Qiankun bags are extremely valuable things. Only people who are rich enough to use certain things can use them. They are items that truly children of the rich can have. Is it this young man really a rich family? But how can rich families come here to buy horses?"Hey, then what is the Qiankun bags, but it's just a trick to mimic the appearance of the Qiankun bags. The real Qiankun bags are not like this." Hu Dahan sneered."It turned out to be counterfeit goods. I thought it was really a pocket bag.""Oh, young people nowadays are really too vain to vanity. It's shameful to use fake products to make people look high."After listening to the Dahan one said, people onlookers all sighed and looked at Chu Feng's eyes. It was no longer curiosity but contempt.As for the people’s words, Chu Feng ignored it. He only saw the palms touching the pockets of the Qiankun bags, and a touch of strange light flashed out. Chu Feng’s palm was already two more gold pearls. .Chu Feng held Lingzhu in her hands and threw her back to the shop Xiao Erdao: "One Lingzhu purchased this sweaty BMW, another Xiao Ye rewarded you."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!