Chapter 135 Sisters I have Su Lu who is incomprehensible and feels puzzled. Although her chastity was taken away by Chu Feng, she was very angry, but when Chu Feng said that it was time for both of her sisters. What is the sour feeling?Could it be that they have moved to this Chu Feng? How could it be that Chu Feng was the favorite of his sister? How could he feel empathy? Su Lu is very tangled at the moment. She first discovered that she did not understand herself.At this time, Chu Feng also came out. At the moment, Chu Feng had already dressed his clothes. It was a brand new one, because the piece on him last night was shredded by himself."Is this thing confidential or open?" Chu Feng asked."What do you want? How can this kind of thing be made public, if it is open, let Xiaomei see you and let Xiaomei see me?" Su Lu is very nervous."Then first listen to you, anyway, sooner or later is to be open." Chu Feng looked very calm."What do you mean by this?" Su Suo Liu Mei Mei, I am very worried that Chu Feng made trouble."Nothing, I mean you will be mine sooner or later." Chu Feng's mouth slightly upturned, revealing a touch of evil laughter, as if last night's event did not bear any burden on him, but let him endless aftertaste.Su Lulu looked at Chu Feng, and then turned away from seeing Chu Feng. He was driven by a weird accent: “You are going to leave, and you’re still not shining, don’t let people know that you’re in my It's night.""Well, I'm also planning to leave. You speak for me and Xiaomei and your father." Chu Feng said, and he walked downstairs."Wait." And Su Rou was face change, and asked: "You said you want to leave Suzaku city?""Yes." Chu Feng nodded."How can you do this? We have done this kind of thing unclearly. You haven't figured out what it is all about. Just leave?"Su Lumei blinked and became more angry because she felt that Chu Feng was too irresponsible. After all, what he had snatched away last night was his own body."Is there anyway to figure out what happened? Last night, your family members invited me to come and say that you had something to find me. I also prepared a pot of tea for me and I changed it after drinking the tea. It was like last night.""Other than last night, there was a flowery fragrance in the bathroom. The flowers are very strange. They can restrain the cultivation of people and they don't use a little effort. You did not have the power to tie up last night. It must have been thanks to the flowers.""Can you in your Zhuque city, command your beggar to do something betrayed you, but also able to come up with that powerful drug, do you think anyone else can do?" Chu Feng asked calmly."You..." And at this moment, Su Rou was shocked. She could not even think of it. Chu Feng was able to analyze it so quickly, and who was the instigator behind him, such calm judgement, Extraordinary insights really make her hard to imagine."Look at you this way. It seems that you know who the man is. What is that man's purpose? You and I don't know. I don't blame him. On the contrary, I'm very grateful to him.""If he does not do this, I may only marry his little daughter, but now, his two daughters I have to be set." Chu Feng smiled and walked downstairs."What on earth do you say so? You decide on what basis. I will marry you." Su softly asked."I'm not sure you will marry me, but you are already my person. You better not like others, otherwise I must have killed that person.""Whether you admit it or not, from now on, you are the person of Chu Feng, you are, Xiaomei is also, your sister, no one else wants to move." Chu Feng is adamant, direct and overbearing, and does not look after Su Rou's face is what he is and he has to leave quickly.Only Sulu was left standing in the spotlight. Overwhelmed, she has always been a mature and mature woman.And just before Chu Feng left, Su Yan came in. He came to the fifth floor and saw Su Lu. He only expressed his apology but he did not speak. He went into the bathroom and saw blood on the floor. After that, only sigh: "Daughter, wronged you."Su Lu is also very calm and asked, "Why do you want to do this?"“Oh, the strength of the Shangguan family should not be underestimated. If the forced cancellation of Xiaomei and Shangguan’s wedding will certainly cause dissatisfaction with the Shangguan family, if he is against my Su family, even if my Su family wins, I’m afraid my strength will be seriously hurt. I’m afraid This Suzaku city will not guarantee.""And Xiaomei was enamoured by Chu Feng. Everyone can see it. For ordinary people, I can forcibly cut off the relationship between the two. But Chu Feng is just an individual. After growing up, it will be unstoppable. The Su family can't offend but can only win.""So, only wronged you, he now has a relationship with you, and naturally there is a flaw in his heart that I believe will not play Xiaomei's idea.""And I think that Chu Feng is not like an irresponsible person, so he will grow up in the future and even if he doesn't use it for my Su family, it will certainly protect my Su family. It is not because of others but because of you. He also Will do so.” Su Yin did not hide, 15 out of 10 said all.After listening to Su’s words, Su Rou suddenly laughed. She smiled strangely and looked at the hairy fur. “My father, you are right, Chu Feng is indeed a responsible person. , so you must not assign the small beauty to Shangguan, otherwise he will not only destroy the Shangguan family, but will also destroy my Su family, leaving me and Xiaomei alone.""What do you mean by this? After that, Chu Feng has done that kind of thing to you, and he still remembers Xiaomei? I destroy my Su family. He Chufeng dared to exterminate his lover's family? They are not afraid to be stigmatized by the world?" His face was greatly changed, apparently a little panicked, because he could see that Su Lu's words were not like joking."My father and adults must blame you for not knowing enough about Chu Feng. He does not live for the people of the world. He lives for himself and the people he cares about. Other people in his eyes are dispensable. Less than half the effect."After completing this sentence, Su Rou turned to go downstairs. Although her face was calm, her father had sold her for her family. How could she not be angry? This kind of anger is likely to be a lifetime.After watching out of the palace, Su Lu and Su Yan’s faces went out to Suzaku City’s laymen. The appearance was extremely complicated and murmured after a long time: “Is it really wrong?”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!