The 139th chapter encountered siege and looked at the group of Han who had already embraced themselves and surrounded them. Chu Feng could not help because he could see that this group of Han wanted to do something to him, but he did. Can't figure out how this group of Hans knew he was going this way?“Niang Ni, damn shop Xiao Er!” Suddenly Chu Feng remembered something and could not help but roar in his heart.Because the shop had asked Chu Feng before, he could direct Chu Feng on a short way. In order to quickly arrive at the Baihu Mountain Range, Chu Feng told him but he did not think that the store was actually betrayed by him. Informed this group of Han."Oh, boy, you're not afraid to dare to dare to rob us with our boss."This group of big men took a big knife and squatted on their pants. They walked toward Chu Feng with a swift pace. The aggressive appearance did not intend to leave alive.For this group of people, Chu Feng was not in the eyes. Apart from Hu Dahan, who was a spiritual warrior, the others were even weaker. If this group of people would also like to rob Cu Feng and kill it, it is simply a matter of finding its own way."This is a breath." At this moment, Chu Feng frowned and could not help but turn his eyes behind him.I saw dust flying behind him. I could see dozens of fast horses. I was galloping. All horses were good horses, and almost every horse was worse than the sweaty BMW of Chu Feng. And there was maintenance.The people there were even more extraordinary. Not only were they well-dressed, they were all good at repairing themselves, and were the weakest of them. They were even the weakest ones, and even Chu Feng was faint. In this group of people, he felt a Xuanwujing. The breath of masters, though basaltic, is definitely the Xuanwu situation.The emergence of this group of people also attracted the attention of the Hans. They rushed to hide the big knife behind them and quickly stood on both sides of the road to make a peaceful appearance.Because they feared that this was the procession of the Skull City people. If they were found by the people of Suzaku City, they were robbing a teenager. Most of them were to be killed.And Chu Feng is still to be in place, watching this group of people quietly, want to wait for their past, and then solve this group of short-sighted Han.Surprisingly, however, after this group of people and horses approached, Chu Feng and the group of Han were surrounded and surrounded by a group of handsome men. It was a handsome man who was riding a white horse and looked coldly at Chu Feng."Isn't your kid smart enough to actually choose to leave Suzaku City at night, but do you think you can escape?""Who are you? I don't seem to have a holiday with you." Chu Feng carefully looked at the handsome man and found that the other was not weak, but Yuan Wu was eight.However, compared to this one, Chu Feng is even more afraid of being picked up after the person who looks cold middle-aged man, because that is the strong sense of Chufeng before the induction of Xuanwu, a basaltic a master."Oh, don't you know me? Then I introduce myself. My name is Guanya. It is Su Mei's fiancé. So you know what?” Shangguan laughed slyly, his eyes full of icy killings.“Wife?! When did Sumei have such a fiancé? Why didn’t I hear her mention? Wouldn't it be your own closure?”Chu Feng's eyes were slightly slack, and a cold spell emerged. Although he had realized that the other party might have been bad, but when he heard Shangguan Ya, he turned out to be the Soviet Union's fiancé, but Chu Feng did not make a fight.Because Chu Feng had a good impression on the Soviet Union and the United States, and the Soviet Union and the United States had a dark heart on Chu Feng. The two people did not break the window of the window, but in the heart of Chu Feng, the Soviet Union and the United States were already his people. Others claim to be the Soviet Union's fiancé."Well, my wedding with Sumei has been set for many years. This is a very well-known thing for Suzaku City." Shang Guan, speaking loudly, was very proud of himself. It shows that he really likes the Soviet Union and the United States."Daughter, a person who will die, why bother him and crush him directly." At that moment, the man who was behind the officer's side opened up.This cold-faced man, named Shangguan Tian, ​​is the pro-Big brother of Shangguan. He enters basalt after 30 years. Although his potential is less than Shangguan, he is not bad in Xiuwu talent. Shangguan is also the number one figure."Big Brother said that for those who are going to die, I really shouldn't waste my tongue." Shang Guanya smiled and replied, although in the Shangguan family, he was the future owner, but for his older brother, he still Very respectful."Well, let it go." Shangguan Tian coldly opened his mouth. He did not personally handle it because he felt that Chu Feng's role was not worth his hands.And his voice just fell, dozens of masters of the upper hand of the official, they together shot, and even the group of Han is also met with poisonous hands, just blink of an eye, there have been several Han Han lying on the ground, no breath."Adults, don't kill us. We don't know this kid.” The Hu Dahan was scared. How could anyone think that Chu Feng had such a group of enemies? It was a real killing and not blinking. Obviously the identity has come a long way.As early as that, how dare they dare come to rob Cu Feng. This is really a robbery, but also lost his life.However, the people of the Shangguan family might have let them go. They only saw a master, and they took a big shot and straightened the Hu Dahan head and shattered it. It was a miserable death.After slaughtering this group of Dahan, the people of the Shangguan family swarmed and rushed to the Chufeng area. The posture was to take Chu Feng's life."Oh, if you want to kill me, you may not be able to."Seeing the momentum is not right, Chu Feng kicked his blood and horses under his knees. As Khan-Blood Horse jumped up, he stopped Chu Feng’s two people and fled.The two strengths are all in the Wuyuan Wuyuan. According to their knowledge, although Chufeng has some strengths, but it is only Lingwu octave after all, they think that killing Chu Feng is simply a piece of cake.The two men shot at the same time, did not display martial arts, but the most direct attack, a boxing blast, Yuanli fluctuates, like an invisible boulder, with lightning speed, facing the front of Chufeng.For their attack, Chu Feng was just cold, his eyes flashed with two golden lightnings, a layer of Yuanli Shields lingered out, and he was repaired to instantly climb up to Yuan Wu’s double weight, then he swung his big sleeves and then heaved those two. Tao Yuanli resolves his fist.At the same time, Chu Feng double mastered the boxing, and two glittering avenues emerged. He saw Chu Feng swinging his arms and two Golden Aurora cut through the space. The two Wu Wu Shangzhong masters , is already the first place.After “唰” strangled the two men, Chu Feng has already broken through the encirclement of the Shangguan family, driving the sweaty BMW, and went straight away.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!