Chapter 137 Heavenly Gods "This....."Chu Feng’s move made people watching him stunned and stunned. People were stunned and fell off the ground. Especially the big Han who was on the side of the Husband was even more ugly.Ling Zhu, how precious, he bought this sweaty BMW, patched together, it was hard to get one, bought this sweaty BMW.Which ever thought of such a humble boy, he took out two of them with his hand, and one of them was still used for rewarding people. This simply made him have the urge to vomit blood because he knew this long-drawn-out sweat. Blood BMW is doomed to be owned by others.Compared to Dahan's vomiting blood, others are more envious of jealousy and envy the second day's fortune. One hundred and two gold spirits, so rewarded to the shop two, enough stores that small two, clothing, food, worry-free, rich and noble life.At this moment, all people look at Chu Feng's eyes have changed, no one dared to have a trace of contempt, on the contrary are very respectful, and even some people are beginning to welcome Chu Feng smile, extravagant Chu Feng a happy, but also reward Give them something."This young man, this bloody BMW is yours. I'll go and prepare you a good wine." The little one, even the beauty had blossomed, and the grin will soon be behind the ear. When I went, I couldn’t close it."Prepare me for a superior room again." Chu Feng smiled and waved."Hell, you must have prepared the best room for you to rest." Xiao Er first returned the spirit of Da Han, and carefully collected the two beads. Chu Feng prepared the room.Chu Feng, with a smile, glanced at Hu Dahan and said: “Do you see my bag of money, is it like a fake?”“Oh, even if there is money, what kind of bloody BMW does, there is no definite repair but it cannot be tamed. Be careful not even to get out of this door.” Han snarled."That wouldn't hold you down." Chu Feng smiled a little, then he walked toward the direction of the guest room. The most funny part was that a group of civilians even rushed out of Chufeng and rushed to lead the way for Chu Feng. ."Boss, this sweaty BMW gave him so?" Looking at the back of Chu Feng's departure, this group of Dahan made it all together.“Let him?” Hu Dahan sent Hu Xiaohan back to his bosom and then whispered: “Look in which direction the kid is going. How can such a fat sheep miss?”Chu Feng came to the room where he had already prepared a good room for him. He soon brought a good wine and food to Chu Feng. The attitude was a warm one, and the service was a thoughtful one.With the lessons of the last incense tea, Chu Feng became cautious. First, he took a closer look at the spirit and determined that there was no problem with the dishes.After eating, Chu Feng did not hurry to leave the station, first in this room is arranged a layer of enchantment, began to refine the spirit of beads and beads in the Qiankun bags, after all, the good and bad unknown, Chu Feng or first own The repair is better for promotion.Chu Feng first started with Lingzhu. As his strength grew, his rate of refining Lingzhu became increasingly horrible. A few thousand Lingzhus were mere kung fu. They were all swallowed up by Shen Lei in Dantian. After several thousand marbles were refined, although Dantian had made great changes, there was no sense of breakthrough."Oh my God, your appetite is really getting bigger and bigger, and if you go on like this, you can afford you."Chu Feng was speechless. Suddenly remembering the first few faeries, he was able to make a breakthrough. However, even if it was a few thousand Lingzhu, he could not break through.If it is to Yuanwujing, Xuanwujing, or Tianwujing, Chu Feng can hardly imagine how much money he needs to use in order to grow. This is a huge problem that he will face in the future as well as now."Your kid will not complain. The god mine in your body has a doorway. If I haven't guessed correctly, you're probably a God-given god." At this moment, the sweet, soft sound of the egg sounded."Tianci God? What is that?" Chu Feng was shocked.“The heaven-sentient bodhisattva is a special constitution. When this constitution is born, there will be a vision of heaven and earth, and that vision often represents the unique ability possessed by that divine body and the strength of this ability.”"If I have not guessed correctly, the Qing Xuantian who created the emperor's burial should be a god-given deity. He can have achievements in that year and is inextricably linked to his special constitution," explained the egg."So to say, my god mine in Dantian is an integral part of mine?" Chu Feng was overjoyed. He always felt that Shen Lei in the body was a living thing and he was forcibly entered into his own body. For its purpose, Chu Feng had been Unpredictable.But now I listen to the eggs, but I feel more at ease. Because this god is more than a half-hearted, this is one with him and he is in his body. It only helps him to become stronger and will not harm him."You shouldn't be too happy to be too early. God-given gods are born and brought into being. Visions are also revealed at the time of birth. And that special ability will be revealed after Xiuwu.""But you, although there was indeed a vision in the past, but it was after you had grown up that God Ray came into your body. And since the repair of Wu to this day, besides repairing weapons faster than normal people, the quality of Aura is better than ordinary people. To a great extent, I have not yet discovered what kind of special capabilities you have.""So, I can't be certain that you must be a god-given god, but what is certain is that the mine in your body is a good thing. He will make you stronger, as long as you can get the resources of the deceased, maybe you Be able to become a figure that surpasses that of Xuan Xuantian," reminded the egg."Well, whether it is a god-given deity, but as long as there are enough resources, I will definitely be able to become strong." Chu Feng immediately increased confidence, and thus began to refine the beads.A bead of a bead is not aura in its body, but Yuan Li. It has to be said that there is a huge gap between Yuanli and Aura.However, in the body of Chufeng, Yuanli will turn into a huge aura. For Chufeng today, one hundred drops of spirits will not be felt in Dantian. Belly, Dantian clearly felt the changes, which also shows the great strength of Yuanzhu."This Yuanzhu is really a good thing." Chu Feng rejoiced, simply all the beads, all swallowed in the stomach.After Yuan Zhu entered the abdomen, he immediately turned into a majestic aura but the powerful aura was not enough to ravage the body of Chu Feng, and then the god mine in Chutian was swallowed up.And it is so simply that it is like such a powerful aura, and it is not worth mentioning in front of it. It is simply not enough to have it sewn together.However, the most exciting thing for Chu Feng was that when that majestic reiki was swallowed up by Shen Lei, Chu Feng’s breath began to rapidly increase, and he had been changed from a qualitative point of view. It has already reached the pinnacle of Lingwu. Lingwu Jiuzhong.The most exciting thing for Chu Feng is that the kind of feeling that becomes stronger is not only not slow, but it is still increasing.“Is it possible to break through to Yuanfang?”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!