Chapter 149. "There is no way to go."At this moment, all of Shangguan’s families were stunned and shocked because they never imagined that Chu Feng would be a double cultivation of Yuan Wu. However, the most unimaginable of them was that Chu Feng was able to kill it in one hit. Two Yuan Wu masters of the four majors, and fled in front of them."It's not easy to go."Both Shangguantian and Shangguan were cold-hearted, and horseback chased them. Most of the people behind them chased away, but they left behind and dealt with the deceased of the Shangguan family. Their methods were quite sophisticated and did not leave a trace. It can be seen that they are also afraid of dealing with Chu Feng and are known to the Su family."Damn, it's better to buy a good horse, or else it will really be planted here."The sweat and blood of BMW Chu Feng's knees, running like a fly, this speed is indeed very good, not much slower than the Chu Feng to display the technique.However, what makes Chu Feng silent is that the white horses that the Shangguan family rides are no worse than his bloody BMW. They even have to pass it. They are drawing closer to Chu Feng."Hateful, this is not the way to go."Chu Feng had some panic and had just left the Suzaku Mountains, where he was now seeing an endless plain. He can only follow the road and escape, but if he keeps going like this, he will soon be chased up.In fact, for other people, Chu Feng is not afraid, but for Shangguan Tian, ​​Chu Feng is still somewhat taboo, although the other is only a basalt, but after all, is Xuanwu territory, if he is close, Chu Feng really do not know Can you escape?"Stupid, why don't you inflate the force into the flattery? Didn't this catch you soon?!" At that moment, the eggs shouted anxiously.“Instilling Yuanli to this sweaty BMW?” Chu Feng was surprised. He first heard this trick."You're an idiot, an ordinary person can't, but you can. Don't forget that you're a spiritual division."Eggs look like iron and steel, and then handed over Chufeng, a way to reduce the power of the enchantment, so that the two fusion, so as to urge the sweat of physical fitness.When Chu Feng inflicted Yuanli, the BMW of blood and sweat suddenly shouted and his eyes became blood red. As if he had gone crazy, the four hoofs were moving, as if he had already left the ground. Kung-fu has thrown away Shangguanya and others who have been so close."I fuck, what kind of horse that guy rode, how could it be so fast?"“Impossible. It is obviously an ordinary sweat and blood buff, how can I get through to my official house and have a well-trained Xiao Bailong?”Looking at Chu Feng, who gave them a decisive advantage, they were stunned by the Shangguan family, because it was simply the fastest horse they had ever seen, and it was almost beyond imagination."Oh, some means, but it's still too tender."Shangguan Tian’s eyes were slightly sloppy. His body was vertical, and he leapt from the white horse. Then he saw his strides. His swiftness and swiftness danced. His speed was even faster than that of the horses. He chased Chu Feng. And go."Well, don't chase, big brother, he must die!"Upon seeing this, Shang Guan finished the wave of people behind him and signaled that everyone had stopped. Because of this situation, it was difficult to catch up with Chu Feng by relying on their fast horses. Even if it was Shang Ya, it was also weak. .However, Shangguantian is different. Shangguantian practice is a middle-level metaphysics. In addition, he has mastered a very mysterious body and martial arts technique. The strong Xuanli, coupled with superb martial arts skills, is only a matter of time to chase Chufeng, because even if the team is physically competitive Shangguantian will never lose to BMW Khan, which is the terrible aspect of Xuanwujing."Abhorrent, how is this guy so good physically, and isn't the energy of his body consumed?"The two went all the way madly. Chu Feng was riding a BMW. Shangguantian was walking along. They even ran from day to night and ran out of thousands of miles. The most helpless of Chufeng was that Shangguantian had been able to follow him. The pace does not lag behind, and there is no exhaustion on the face."Nonsense, that is the master of Xuanwujing, but it is not comparable to Yuan Wujing. Do you think that the gap between Xuan Li and Yuan Li is really just a stardom? Fortunately, what you encounter is only a basalt, if he is Xuanwu II. Heavy, I'm afraid you have long been caught by him,” explained the egg."That's what to do. This sweaty BMW may be overstretched and will soon be unable to hold on."Chu Feng has a spiritual power and can feel the state of the sweaty BMW. Although Chu Feng’s Yuan Li has greatly improved the physical fitness of the sweaty BMW, his body cannot withstand this high pressure and has reached the limit."It seems that he can only run away from the horse. Go and go to the mountains. He can hardly catch you in the forest." Egg reminded.At this time, Chu Feng noticed that there was indeed a mountain range not far ahead. Chu Feng Zema ran away. It was only at the foot of the mountain that the sweaty BMW was exhausted and the speed began to fall."The horse can't hold you."Chu Feng touched it a bit. This led him to run out of the thousands of miles of the bloody BMW. This was a stature, with a beautiful flip, leap from the horse, when the feet fell to the ground when Ray Snake Moving, the second floor of the Royal Airshow, Chu Feng has been displayed.But Chu Feng had just ran out of two steps, and behind him came the screams of a horse. Looking back, Chu Feng discovered that the bloody BMW was actually torn in half by the Shangguan Tiansheng, and the blood was scattered. ."The damn Shangguan family, if I can escape this robbery, Chu Feng will destroy you."Chu Feng was furious. He was forced to this point for the first time. This Shangguan days really needed to kill him, but it was Shangguantian’s intention to kill him. He roused the anger of Chu Feng. He had already Shangguan’s family has been included in the list, as long as he can escape this robbery, and after growing up in the future, he will be forced to slaughter the officials and kill chickens and dogs.Chu Feng plunged into the mountains. With the insight of spiritual forces, Chu Feng ran westwards in the middle of the mountain forest, but even if it did, he could not get rid of the Shangguan days. He realized for the first time that The power of the master of Xuanwujing.Between Yuan and Xuan, indeed, there is an insurmountable gap. Even if Chu Feng is a God-given deity, even if he has spiritual power, he can't resist the master of Xuanwujing even if he is unable to repair it. Basaltic weight."Boy, you can't run away."Suddenly, Chu Feng’s anger came from behind Shangguantian. At the same time, Chu Feng’s face was greatly changed because he suddenly discovered that on both his left and right sides, there were two breaths, and that breath was actually basaltic. A weight, now at the back, has surrounded him.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!