Chapter 146 Forest Assassin The woman's skin is as white as snow, delicate and delicate. Though her face is out of touch with the natural beauty of Tianzi, she also has a unique temperament. The most important thing is that the woman's figure is very good. The mellowness, especially the straight long legs, is comparable to Sulu's devil's figure.In order to achieve such a good figure, it is really impossible to see Chu Feng, because he could not help but think of it, and Su Lu that ecstasy overnight.And see Chu Feng staring naked like this, the woman Liu Mei slightly wrinkled, his eyes clearly revealed a touch of disgust."Oh, I'm not happy. I don't want to see such a good figure." Chu Feng sneered and looked back and forth on the woman's slender legs, ignoring the woman's expression.“Looking at Missy” can be relished in Chu Feng’s eyes. When she was extremely enterprising, there was such a respectful voice in her surroundings. At the same time, the dozens of top-grade family members were all bowed and bowed."Missy? Can't you? Is this the White Lady's Grand Miss, Murong Xinyu?"Chu Feng suddenly realized that this Murong Xinyu was the White Tiger Villa, the oldest daughter of the Zhuang Lord, a woman who was unable to repair Wuxi but was extremely intelligent.At this moment, Chu Feng discovered that the Zhang butler was standing behind Murong Xinyu and squeaked at him. This shows that this is really the young lady of Baihu Villa.Chu Feng's dark cry is not good, because he discovered that this moment of Murong Xinyu’s face has become iron blue, apparently angered by him. At this moment, Chu Feng was helpless because he knew that he had a great disaster.As for the diners around Chu Feng, it was a gloat. Murong Xinyu was most disgusted by the beauty of her eyes, and Chu Feng was a taboo. They were all looking forward to what punishment Chu would receive."Zhang Bo, let's go." However, it is surprising that Murong Xinyu did not punish Chu Feng, but went straight to the carriage.Upon seeing this, Zhang butler sighed and after taking a deep look at Chu Feng, he followed up."You offended Missy, dead.""Get more, I'm happy, but I can pray for you."The Jia Ding forced them to give Chu Feng the sacrifices in their hands until they could not put things in Chu Feng before they chased away the moving carriage.As for Chu Feng, he ignored them because he was completely immersed in the thoughts of the moment. He also worried about how the Missy would deal with him. It was not a good thing for him to prepare for the entrance of the Emperor’s burial in the White Tiger Hill Resort. .After the carriage went out of the White Tiger Mountain Resort, it went to the depths of the White Tiger Mountain Range until it was a thousand miles away before it stopped in a forest.There is a mountain graves here. Do not think much about it. Chu Feng knows that this is the grave of the mother of Murong Xinyu.At this moment, the family members began to set up sacrifices, but the most important labor force was all put under Chu Feng's body.They are clearly bullying Chu Feng, Murong Xin Yu and Zhang Guanjia are also in the eyes, but no one stopped, Chu Feng also had to bear insult, who let him offend Murong Xin Yu it.The more this is the case, the sculptors are getting over their points, because they feel that this is an outburst for Murong Xinyu. Even bullying is justified. Finally, all the work is handed over to Chu Feng.Because at the noon, Murong Xinyu needs to eat, so the diners simply serve all of Murong Xinyu. Only Chu Feng alone was waiting for the mother whose mother died."It's a natural slavery." Looking at the smiling face, the family of fans around the circle of Murong Xinyu, Chu Feng from the heart of contempt.“This Murong Xinyu is not a good thing. Since she worships her own mother, she does not see her go to the grave of her mother’s grave. What kind of prayer is it to worship?”But at this time, Chu Feng was frowning and swiftly turned his eyes around because he could feel that there were more than a dozen military repairers approaching each other. Each was Yuan Wujing, and the weakest was Yuan. Wu Yizhong, the strongest has reached the Wuyuan Wu.However, soon after Chufeng discovered the situation, bursts of stampede came suddenly around the mountains, and soon there were more than a dozen figures that had come out of the forest.These people were dressed in black and only exposed a pair of eyes with fierce eyes. They all wore a beam of cold and shiny swords.“What are you guys?” Seeing that the situation was wrong, Zhang Guanjia shouted and drunk, and then he hurried to the front of Murong Xinyu and protected Murong Xinyu behind him."Well," and when these black people, after seeing Murong Xinyu, apart from anything else, waving the blade of the army will be siege to Murong Yuxin, the goal is very clear."It is an assassin and protects Missy." Zhang Guanjia once again burst into a drink and his arms flickered.He alone, surrounded around the Murong Xinyu, formed a living wall of iron walls, and the group of assassins holding the blade could not penetrate.However, the so-called double-handedness is difficult for the four hands. What's more, now that so many people are besieging him, there are still people who are not weaker than the stewards, so the Zhang Guanjia is still unable to support it.Suddenly, the Zhang Guanjia made a few shots and snapped one of the soldiers’ artillery. Then the slamming bombarded the assassin's chest and killed the man alive, but at the same time he His body was also chopped by two soldiers and his blood was direct.Zhang Guanjia endured the body's great pain, grabbed Murong Xinyu and threw her out of the encirclement, while the unprovoked Murong Xinyu was slammed on the ground.Upon seeing this, the two incumbent Ding Yi refused to resign in favor of Rong Xinyu. However, only two Hanmans saw it. The two screamers did not issue screams and fell into a pool of blood. The original two Yuan Wu Er. The heavy black man has come to Mengrong Xinyu.In this scene, however, the rest of the family members were frightened. Not only were they no longer stopped, they began to flee and they took Murongxin rain there.However, it is understandable that most people will do this when it comes to their own lives and deaths."You guys are bastard."Watching the fledglings who abandoned themselves, Murong Xin’s beaked teeth shouted. After a loud roar, they turned and fled, but her speed was far worse than those of the family.One carelessness actually fell to the ground again. At the same time, the two black men had already come to the front, waving the sharp blade in their hands and rushing to Murong Xin.In the face of death, Murong Xin rain finally emerged in the fear of color, she could not help but close her eyes and did not dare to read, I feel I must die.When a muffle came and a hot blood splashed on her face, she was surprised to find that her body did not feel pain.With all sorts of puzzles, Murong Xinyu slowly opened his eyes, but when she saw the scene before her eyes, she was stunned.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!