One hundred and forty-second chapter Baihu Villa "Wait, you are going to Baihu Villa?" Chu Feng hurriedly opened.Imagine that the Luohe River is leading to the White Tiger Mountain Range. He is unaware that he has come to the White Tiger Mountain Range.Baihu Resort is not the most famous mountain in the Baihu Mountains? That's what you want to get into.After all, the name of Baihu Villa has already shown that the Villa is likely to hold the secret of the White Tiger Mountain to some extent like Suzaku Town, Xuanwu City and Qinglongzong."You're going to Baihushanzhuang too?" The girl showed a puzzled look."Yes, I do not know this girl, can you carry me a ride?" Chu Feng exposed innocent smile.Because he found that in addition to these three people, there was still a carriage parked not far away. The carriage was empty. It was obviously theirs.Although Chu Feng's walking speed is not slow, but at the moment he was sore, it was almost going to break up, and the Yuanli in the body was extremely rare, so naturally she wanted to take a ride."Since you're on the way, then let's go together." The girl thought about it, or nodded."Miss, this ....." However, the old man and the Han were nervous."It does not matter, anyway, there is no room left in the car, you see him this appearance, if he let him go to Baihu Mountain on foot, do not know how long it will take." The girl smiled and looked very kind.And seeing the girls insisting on this, after the old man and the Hanman take a look at each other, they no longer have much to say but can only tacit consent.As for Chu Feng, it was even more rude to get up and walk in the direction of the carriage because he knew that these people must have been more familiar with this area than he was. Therefore, following them was absolutely correct."Lady Wang, what are you going to do at Baihu Resort?" asked Chu Feng curiously.After some understanding, he already knows that the girl is called Wang Lin and she lives in a small town in the Baihu Mountains. Chufeng can sense that the girl is a martial artist. Although the repair is very weak, it is only Lingwu Er. Heavy, but it is indeed repairing."Call me Wang Lin like it." Wang Lin first smiled sweetly, and then proudly said: "Of course it is to participate, Bai Hu Villa's family assessment.""Family assessment?" Chu Feng reveals the content of doubts."You don't know? The Baihu Villa's family assessments, Baihu Villa will recruit foreigners every month, and anybody under the age of 17 who has been repaired as a duo will be eligible to participate."Wang Lin began to talk about Chu Feng, and Chu Feng also learned that the White Tiger Range is relatively remote, and the nearby Sinmun Gate is rare. Therefore, in order to allow the people to repair Wu, Bai Hu Resort has already passed out the method of repairing Buddhism.In addition, anyone who can upgrade to a spiritual and spiritual double before the age of 17 can enter Baihu Villa and practice martial arts and even metaphysics in the capacity of Jiading, and Wang Lin is trying to improve and repair."So to say, is this girl a martial artist?" Chu Feng grinned, he had decided to pretend to be a Xiuwu beginner, to participate in Jiading assessment, in order to blend into the White Tiger Villa."Hey, my family, six months ago had been to Lingwu."“How can you see the strength of my family?” “Do you think about the strength of my lady?” Before Wang Lin opened his mouth, the hero of the horse in front of the car would be up, and at the same time, he stared deeply at Chu Feng.Because Chu Feng was lying on the riverside and his clothes were tattered, how he looked like a bun from a village, so he looked down on Chu Feng and felt that Chu Feng did not understand anything at all."Keke" feels the atmosphere is wrong, Wang Lin coughed twice, then asked Chu Feng: "Chu Feng, what do you do at Baihu Villa?"Regarding Wang Lin’s questioning, Chu Feng smiled indifferently and replied arbitrarily: “Same as you are.”"What did you say?" and Chu Feng said this, all three people in the car were shocked."What do you say? Say it again!"Wang Lin, Dahan, including the old man driving the car, are closely watching Chu Feng. Their faces were questioned and they even suspected that they were mistakes. They could not believe what Chu Feng said."I said, like Wang Lin, went to participate in the assessment of the Bai Hu Villa's family members." Chu Feng emphasized one word and one sentence."You mean, you are also a man of martial arts?" The old man blinked, full of suspicions."What? Not like it?" Chu Feng smiled.“Young people, being kind enough to talk big things, are not right.” Da Han did not believe Chu Feng’s words at all.Although Baihu Villa has passed Xiuwu law to the people, it is not something that all people can master. It is necessary to pay for the repair of the law, so many poor people still have no opportunity to repair it. In their eyes, Chu Feng is such a person."Whatever you do." Chu Feng squatted his shoulders and did not explain too much.See Chu Feng did not refute, the old man and Dahan think he is bragging, could not help but deepen the contempt for Chu Feng. It was Wang Lin, who looked at Chu Feng with half doubt and did not say anything.Only on the way back, the car looks awkward, except Wang Lin and the old man talking about a few words, almost no one to speak to Chu Feng.The carriage drove all the way. At sunset, it finally entered Baihu Villa.Bai Hu Villa is very large, although it is called Baihu Villa, but it is actually a beautiful city built by the mountains, all built by the white stone, the palace is also unique, in the green mountains, When it is really gorgeous."This White Tiger Villa is really good." Chu Feng looked not far from the White Tiger Villa, feeling the atmosphere of a large crowd in the distance. After experiencing a life and death disaster, he increasingly feels that living is so beautiful."Tubaozi." Dahan took a look at Chu Feng and looked down at him from within.The carriage drove along the wide mountain road and finally came to the huge gate of Baihu Mountain Villa. There was a square in front of the city gate, and in the center of the square, there was a temporary tent where Bai Hu Shanzhuang recruited Jiading.At this moment, the sky is getting dark. There are not many boys and girls queuing outside the tent. The assessment is about to end. Therefore, Wang Lin and the other three people hurried to the tent after getting out of the car."Standing." But Wang Lin and others are still waiting to be approached. A young man stopped his way.The young man is only 20 years old. His chest has a white strip of cloth with four large characters written on it, and his cultivation is only threefold. This age can be said to be weak. .This makes Chu Feng can not help but this White Tiger Villa, some despise, as a repair family, these equivalent to the disciples of the Sinmun disciples, only this strength, is too weak.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!