Chapter 143 When the shot was taken, "this brother, my family is to come to participate in the assessment of the White Tiger Villa Ding." Dahan explained with a smile."What time is it? The assessment is over. Come back next month." The resident wasn't looking at them all at all and was very tough.Upon seeing this, Wang Lin's brows were slightly wrinkled. However, the identity of the other party was not as strong as she could but forced her to exude a smile:"This is a big brother. It is not easy for us to come all the way. Can we do it conveniently?"Wang Lin was doing well, so after Jiading saw her, she couldn't help but look good, but she resolutely said, "No."At the same time, a lot of pedigrees appeared around the square, almost closing the tents, and everyone was forbidden to come near.At this moment, the three people are dumbfounded. Although this month is not enough, they can come for the next few months. However, all three people do not want to run like this.“This brother, with no means to pay tribute,” was in a hurry. The old man pulled out twelve silver lines from his arms and gave it to the past with a smile."You old dead? Do you think I am missing you? Twenty-two silver?""Hurry up and take you out without rolling." However, the old man's actions angered the family and cursed the old man."sorry Sorry…"This can frighten the old man. They quickly apologized, and at the same time hurried to turn around and dared not do any entanglement.At the time when the three people gave up, Chu Feng swam and came over. After walking past the trio, he went straight to the tent."Stand up. Didn't you hear what I said earlier?""Hurry up." Jia Ding was angered and saw someone dare to step forward and suddenly screamed."What did you say? I didn't catch it." Chu Feng leaned forward, wondering why he was puzzled.However, when the family did not finish their words, Chu Feng's loud slap in the face was already falling on Jia Ding's cheek.At the same time, Chu Feng lifted his legs and kicked his feet.This scene took place too fast. However, many people still saw that the house of Baihu Villa was surrounded by all of them. The situation was like taking Chu Feng.Wang Lin was even more stunned. She never imagined that Chu Feng would dare to use her hands directly. This is something she dared not imagine.The old man and the Han, at the same time, grabbed Wang Lin and pulled her away. Both of them felt that Chu Feng was dead. The civilians started working on Baihu Villa and it was tantamount to seeking death. Therefore, they should try to stay away from Chu Feng and clarify the relationship between Chu Feng and Chu Feng."Stop them. They are a group."But at that time, the beating of Jia Ding pointed to Wang Lin's three big brothers.The other family members quickly blocked the road and surrounded Wang Lin and Chu Feng together."You're a bitch. We're miserable for you."At this moment, the old man and the big man were frightened. The two men's bodies shivered, and they couldn't help complaining about Chu Feng.Although Wang Lin is stronger than the two, but also obviously afraid, only Chu Feng a placid appearance, his hands around the chest, eyes actually have a trace of contempt."Damn, dare to beat Laozi, kill me for him." The assaulted Jia Ding got up and rushed to Chu Feng, and the other family members were also surrounded."Stopped." But they didn't wait for them to get rid of them.After this voice was sounded, the faces of the diners were all changed. Not only did they stop their movements, but they also rushed to open up a road. Looking forward, an old man is coming.The old man is common in life, but there is a bit of fierceness between the eyebrows and the respectful attitude of this group of Jia Ding. Everyone feels subconsciously that the old man is sure to have an extraordinary experience.However, Chu Feng was able to feel that this old man was a Wuwu Wuxu repairman. Although Wu Yuan Wu Wu, now in the eyes of Chu Feng, it is considered nothing, but at least this old man's cultivation is better than From the White Tiger Villa, these family members are stronger."What happened?" asked the old man."This kid, dare to hit us." The Jia Ding, unanimously pointed to Chu Feng."Oh?" The old man looked at the beatings he had played. He looked at Chu Feng again. Not only was he not angry, but he was surprised by a touch in his eyes.The reason is very simple. The Ding is a three-armed force. His ability to beat him must be above him. With such a small age, Chu Feng has such a strength that it is naturally impressive."You came to participate in Jiading assessment?" The old man looked at Chu Feng, the tone is very soft."Yes," Chu Feng's attitude is also very polite."Come in." The old man turned and walked toward the tent.This change surprised everyone, and I can't say that the spectators are also at a loss.One civilian, who had attacked Baihu Villa, not only was not punished but also accepted the assessment of the family. This is too unreasonable."What is this? The sky is not dark yet, and Jiading's assessment will continue. Don't think that I don't know what you are doing.""The next time you dare to break the rules, don't blame me for being unkind to you."The beaten cadres were not reconciled. They came forward to seek an explanation, but in return it was the strict reprimand of the steward.After being reprimanded, the faces of the luminaries were extremely ugly. No one dared to say anything more.The onlookers also heard from the words, the assessment time has not yet arrived, but these dwellers want to return to work as soon as possible, so it was arbitrarily blocked the people who participated in the assessment.This time, not only Chu Feng, all those who want to participate in the assessment, have followed the past.Looking at the people who had walked into the tents, Wang Lin stood still and silently lowered her head. She wanted to pass by, but she did not have the courage to pass.Because of this opportunity, it was Chu Feng’s fight. But when Chu Feng was in danger earlier, she not only did not help but she flinched. This made her feel as if he had no face."Hey, what are you waiting for, isn't it coming soon?" At this moment, a familiar voice suddenly sounded.Looking up and watching, Chu Feng was standing in front of the tent and looked at Wang Lin with a smile.At this moment, Wang Lin was very moved. She couldn’t think of it. They were so right for Chu Feng that Chu Feng would be so friendly to her.But hesitated a moment, Wang Lin still walked, because she did not want to miss this opportunity, walked to Chu Feng beside him, two people smiled, they walked into the tent together.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!