The 149th chapter of the lifeblood Chu Feng took Murong Xinyu to return to Baihu Villa. Along the way, he encountered many assassins. Some of them were masked, some were simply normal outfits, and Murong Xinyu even went so far. understanding.Meet directly will be shot, you want to take away the life of Murong Xinyu, Fortunately, Chu Feng escort, but did not encounter too powerful master, so all the way still unimpeded, at least no one can stop living in Chu Feng.However, this makes Murong Xinyu very uneasy, it is very flustered. She feels that there must be something wrong with the hotel. However, Chu Feng is more and more happy because he hopes that there will be civil disorder in Baihu Villa. Come in.However, when Chu Feng and others rushed to Bai Hu Villa, they discovered that a large area of ​​Bai Hu Shanzhuang masters was being killed outside of the White Tiger Mountain Village. Within the White Tiger Mountain Village, it was even more shouting and killing."Oh my God, how could this be?"It was indeed a treachery that some people were mutinous. They looked at people who lived in the same village as the same family. They were killing each other at the moment, and Murong had a pale face and flashing beauty, revealing unspeakable emotions.But it can be seen that she is very nervous. She is very flustered. She is overwhelmed. She wants to stop but is powerless because everything today is something she could not have imagined and never expected."Looks like you are a girl who doesn't ask the world." Looking at such a Murong Xinyu, Chu Feng smiled."What do you mean by this?" Murong Xinyu asked coldly.Although she was unable to repair Wuxi, she was naturally talented and clever. Therefore, many things in the villa were handed over to her by his father. Nowadays, she is so upset that he is so much younger than himself."The internal turmoil on this scale is obviously premeditated. You Baihu Villa have long since been invisible and divided into two.""And you, as the young lady of Baihu Villa, who was the progeny of Baihushanzhuang, had not even noticed it before. At this moment, you were exposed to such a seemingly bewildered appearance. Didn't you not ask about the world before? "Chu Feng sneered."You..." Murong Xinyu wanted to refute this, but there was no reason to refute it because Chu Feng said it was right. Although she was very smart, she did not have the time but she saw only the surface of Baihu Villa. Harmony, but did not realize that there is such a huge potential danger behind.She hated herself. Her father retired all year round. Many things in Baihu Villa were handed to her and the uncle. But there were problems in the villa. She did not know anything about it. This made her faceless to her father."I asked you a question. Do you still don't know that this is the turmoil of the organization?" Chu Feng asked."I ....." Murong Xin Yu was shocked.“Oh, it seems that a life that is too harmonious will indeed make people dull.” Chu Feng shook his head and reminded him: “Think about it. If it’s not someone from outside, then in your family, who can? Such a big appeal, so many people for his life, not hesitate to bear the condemnation of the name, but also to carry out rebellion.""This, is it said that he?" Murong Xinyu suddenly realized, but could not believe it."Who is it?" asked Chu Feng."I........" Murong Xin rain is a bit embarrassing."Is this time you still want to keep me secret? I am the only one who can help you," Chu Feng said.Looking at the Chu Feng that seems to really want to help yourself, think about all the way to come, if not Chu Feng escort, his long life, Murong Xinyu slowly said:"My uncle, Murong Yanguan, in addition to my father in the White Tiger Mountain Villa, only he has such a big appeal. Although my father retired during the retreat, many things of the villa were handled by me."“But my handling is an internal chore. The real big event of the Villa is handled by my uncle, but now I think that during the years when my father was retired, the real power of Baihu Villa was indeed under the control of the uncle.”Thought of this, Murong Xinyu knew the seriousness of the consequences, but still could not accept this fact. She could not imagine how Dabo would do such things to Villa."It can't be blamed on this matter. You are still not deep in the world. You must blame it. Your father is too trusting in your uncle.""Look at what it looks like today. Your uncle should have been thinking about it for a long time. Now that you've taken the power, the first thing you must do is kill your father. Where is your father retired?"Chu Feng was concerned about the surface, but in fact he was secretly exploring clues. Although the secret of Baihu Villa was unknown to many people, Chu Feng felt that the owner of Baihu Villa could not have any clues.The landlord of Baihu Resort is definitely not simple. Chufeng should be mixed in, and Murong Xinyu can help Chufeng. Although this girl is smart, it does not have the opportunity but it is actually easy to use."Bad, the uncle has the key to the lifeblood. If he....." Heard Chu Feng's words, Murong Xinyu face changed greatly, apart from anything else, he went to the other side of the White Tiger Villa.Upon seeing the situation, Chu Feng did not speak, but followed him up. After a moment, Murong Xinyu took Chu Feng and came to a heap of rocks in the field of Baihu Villa.This can be said to be a stone forest, but it is too confusing, it should be the scene of the formation of the mountain's remnants. Chu Feng explored the spiritual power and felt nothing unusual. These stones are ordinary rocks and there are no rules for layout.But looking at what Murong Xinyu had turned around and looking around, apparently looking for something, it wouldn't be that simple.At this moment, after Murong Xinyu found a boulder, he finally relieved his breath and removed the jade necklace from his neck. After the jade was pressed into the groove of a huge stone, the rock changed and soon emerged. A deep channel.When the tunnel opened, Murong Xinyu rushed in. Chu Feng rushed in. After entering the entrance, she was automatically shut down. Only at this moment, in front of Chu Feng, there was not a piece of it. Dark.Because here, it can be said to be magnificent, the walls of the channel are numerous, all of which are very beautiful. The top of the channel hangs light stones, and the channel is decorated with white and bright. The most important thing is that the surrounding area is quaint. The atmosphere tells Chu Feng that it has been built here for a long time, at least for a few hundred years."Lifeblood seems to be the place I'm looking for." Chu Feng's lips evoked a touch of laughter. This place was so secretive that even his spiritual power could not feel anything wrong. If it wasn't for Murong Xinyu, he would bring him here. , Chu Feng I am afraid to find I, can not find.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!