Chapter 14 Brother's letter (Gagateng 12) Chu Feng smiled, and laughed very evil. He lifted the dagger high and spit out a word.As soon as the voice just fell, the dagger in Chu Feng’s hand suddenly fell."I was wrong. I was wrong with Chu Fengdi. Please spare me. Please... Don't waste my cultivation, don't..." Chu Cheng made a mad rush and his voice burst into tears. .When he made a remark, Chu Feng's action stopped unexpectedly. He smiled and looked at Chu Cheng at the moment.It was discovered that Chu Cheng closed his eyes and two lines of tears rushed out. Zhang's big mouth was still asking for mercy.Not only is the expression on his face hard to push, but his body is trembling. Even his armpits are already wet, and a stench comes out.Chu Feng dagger is still on the ground, in the Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen who groped for a meal, and eventually found five under the product of the spirit of "Spiritual Grass."After this, Chu Feng came to Chu Cheng and he gently patted Chu Cheng's face and said:"You look at this picture of yours. Who is the waste? Are you still unclear in your heart?""Haha..." After that, Chu Feng laughed and left.After Chu Feng left, Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen also helped each other and stumbled into the night.But just before they left, a shadow came out in the darkness. This was Chuyue.However, on the sweet cheek of Chu Yue, it was already full of horror.After a long time, she murmured to her: "Chu Fengdi, what kind of person are you, what kind of strength do you have?"Suddenly, she closed her eyes and remembered Chu Feng as a child.Regardless of how people mocked, they never replied.No matter how others bully, they never fight back.There is always a smile on the face, which makes one feel miserable, one feels distressed and one wants to protect Chu Feng.Finally, Chuyue opened her eyes and she smiled at ease:"Maybe we were all wrong. We wrongly treated you as a weak person.""Perhaps this is true, you never need protection from others because you are strong enough to protect others."At the moment, Chu Feng had already returned to his own house. He took out three Faeries and five plants.Although Lingluo is the next product, it is also a treasure of Xiuwu. Chu Feng feels that they have plundered them. It is enough to make Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen distraught.As long as he thinks that these two situations are insulting his brother and have just been taught by himself, Chu Feng still feels extremely refreshed."It seems that there is a saying that is right. The wicked man still needs wickedness. If he wants to reason with the wicked, he must use his fist."Chu Feng smiled and did not hurry to start practicing. Instead, he took out his brother's letter.When the letter was opened and the familiar fonts were lined up, they came to the forefront. It was Chu Guyu."Daughter, it was five years since you got into Qinglong, and my brother and two haven't met for five years.""In a few days, we will go to the clan once a year. This year, the clan will leave home.""Grandpa's withdrawal also represents the election of the new head of household and his father will be one of the new owners.""This is a very important day for my father, so I hope this year's clan will come back and cheer with my father."A few lines of words are already clear meaning of the letter. Chu Feng merged the letterhead and lost his thoughts.Every year, the clan association and the younger generation of the Chu family will conduct experiments and tests to test the results of cultivation.Although the surface is a test, but in fact the potential of the younger generation also indirectly determines the status of the elders in the family.This time, Chu Yuan was able to win the qualifications for the trust family. In addition to his strong personal strength, he also had an absolute relationship with Chu Guyu.Chu Guyu, the younger generation of the Chu family, was the only one who had come to Ling Yunzong.Almost every year he can win the first place in the race. His potential is so great that it naturally affects the status of Chu Yuan.After meditation, Chu Feng found out the paper and pen, and wrote a reply to Chu Guyu.The content is very simple. He will go back this year's clan meeting because Chu Feng also wants to make a contribution to his father’s home campaign.He wanted to shine in this race and at least get a good ranking so that everyone knew that Chu Yuan’s two sons had no mediocrity.In other words, Chu Feng felt that it was time to prove himself.After writing, Chu Feng reorganized all three fairy spirits and five alkaloids.This time, Chu Feng finally felt the feeling of being filled with Dantian. According to his estimation, it is possible to break through by refining the twenty-five Faeries.Only twenty fairy spirits are absolutely astronomical. Therefore, his only sustenance is to be placed on the elixir of tomorrow.On the morning of the next morning, the sky was bright, but on the expansive square in the north of Qinglong Zong, there were tens of thousands of people gathered here. This is one of the entrances to the Elixir Hill.Chu Feng carrying two parcels, one full of food, the other is empty, is looking around the crowd in the Middle East, looking for Chuyue."Chu Fengdi, here."Familiar voices sounded and Chuyue was not far away. He was very happy with Chu Feng.However, compared to Chu Feng's reloading of Chuyue, it can be much simpler. He only brought a waist pack, which is not different from his past."Chu Yuejie, don't you bring food? The elixir can be used for hunting for 10 days. What do you eat?" Chu Feng was puzzled."Stupid, don't forget we're organized. I'm only responsible for catching elixirs, carrying foods for manual work, and of course giving them to others."In the speech of Chuyue, it was not far away, where the members of the Chu League were all seen by Chu Feng last night.Three of them do carry large packages, which must be food."Chu Fengdi, we have a clear division of labor for hunting elixirs. After entering the mountains, we will be divided into three groups.""In each group, there is a person who specializes in carrying grain and has the responsibility to contain the elixir, and I am responsible for the hunting of elixir.""The division of labor depends on the strength to decide, the distribution of the elixir is also the case." Chu Yue detailed about Chu Feng.Chufeng also finally caught the elixir and had a deep understanding of the benefits of the group's hunt for elixir.Before being harvested, the elixir has spirituality and can act rashly. If there is no absolute strength, it would be very difficult to hunt for elixir alone.This is why most of the disciples will choose to join the league. Because of their strength, the strength of the team is indeed greater than the individual.After explaining the method of hunting elixir, Chu Yue took Chu Feng and came to the Chu League.After approaching, Chu Feng discovered that in fact, today's Chu League is one person less than yesterday. The one who is absent is Chu Cheng.Chu Cheng was beaten by Chu Feng yesterday. The entire face became a pig's head. It must have been a faceless person, so he gave up this rare elixir.In addition to Chu Cheng, Chu Feng also saw a familiar person, but Chu Zhen.However, at the moment, Chu really lacked the arrogance of the past, and his head drowsily, as if it had received a heavy blow, and it was very sluggish.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!