Chapter 148 The decisive and invisible walls were stopped in front of them, as if they were a transparent fortress. They protected Chu Feng and Murong Xinyu.Despite the endless bombardment from the martial arts, the rumble exploded, but they were all kept out of the fortress."Could it be that this is the art of enchantment?"Murong Xinyu was shocked and shocked. Although she was unable to repair Wuxi by nature, she was actually the White Lady of the White Tiger Villa. She listened to many stories, naturally heard about the spiritual psychiatrist, and learned that the art of enchantment was the world. The strongest defense means.But he could not think of anyway. The young boy, who is younger than her, will be a spiritual psychic, and he will also have such tyrannical cultivation.Such a strength of such age, there is no one in his Baihu Villa, which makes Murong Xinyu not help but admire Chu Feng, Rebel: "Is it beyond the White Tiger Mountains, is really a master of numerous, genius hordes?""Abhorrent, this kid has shown what a strange method, could not attack him." Faced with this situation, people in black are very helpless."Impossible. Can you say that he is a division spiritualist? What is he who is the spiritual psychic at this age?" Even the leader of the black man is frowning, feeling that Chu Feng is too tricky. ."What? Enough? If you've played enough, you're welcome!"Chu Feng waved his sleeves, and the enchantment began to shrink rapidly. Eventually, he converted the fortress of the size of the house into a tiny space. He could only accommodate Chu Feng and Murong Xin Yu.At this time, Chu Feng lifted his leg and he stepped out of the enchantment. He saw his left fist, a golden long bow emerging from his right hand, and a long golden arrow condensing.After this, Chu Feng burst into flames, only to hear the sound of breaking the road, and the sound of the stormy sky, the golden arrows and arrows will fly away, arrows and blood will never fall.Under this burst of fire, hundreds of black people quickly died and most of them were injured. Almost no one could escape Chu Feng's arrow because it was like a magic weapon. It was simply hiding and preventing it.Looking around, one by one, the body was pierced, lying under the hands of a pool of blood, the leader of the black man panicked, and yelled and fled.Chu Feng coldly slammed, pointing at the leader of the man in black, it was an arrow, saw Jinmang flash over, where they passed, nothing can be stopped, a few trees, being worn by their students, and finally hard living. The explosion of the chief’s head exploded.This is exactly the highest ambiguity of the ever-changing bow. Arrows have no imaginary fate, and they claim vital life. Unless the strength is on top of Chufeng, no one can escape the pursuit of this ever-changing bow.Only blink of an eye, hundreds of black people without a lifetime, all died in the ever-changing bow of Chu Feng, not being pierced through the chest, is being exploding to reveal, are all a shot to death, neat and clean.Looking at the bloody scene in front of him, Murong Xinyu was crushed by the eyebrows. She was not the first time to see such a tragic scene, but when such a bloody scene was made by a juvenile younger than she was a few years old When she caused it, her heart could not tell the shock.This is not only a matter of repair, but also psychological. It is excusable to change adults. However, if a teenager is able to achieve decisiveness and relentlessness, it is too little, if not Chu. Feng protects her. She really doubts that Chu Feng is not a cold-blooded monster."Zhang steward, do you have anything to say?"Chu Feng sees Zhang Guanjia not die, and seems to have something to say, then walked past, after all, without the old man, Chu Feng would not be so smoothly mixed into the White Tiger Villa."No matter what purpose you have, I don't think you should hurt my lady. Now Baihu Villa people dare to brazenly assassinate Miss. There must be a change in the Villa.""I hope you can protect my lady. As long as you keep my lady, no accident. My homeowner will surely repay you." Zhang Guanjia pleaded with Chu Feng with a very weak voice, showing that he was really sorry for Yurong Murong. Very concerned."Zhang steward." At this moment, Murong Xinyu ran over and looked at the dying Zhang steward. He actually burst into tears, showing that the two's feelings were really good.Chu Feng stood on the side and watched the two quietly until Zhang Guanjia closed his eyes and patted the shoulder of Murong Xinyu. "Come on, Zhang Guanjia has left."And Murong Xinyu was not a hypocritical person. She stood up and wiped the tears on her face and looked to Chu Feng: "What are you?""I don't matter what kind of person, you just have to know, I'm the one who can protect you now." Chu Feng calmly replied."Protect me? You are unfathomable and speculative, and mix in the spoils of my White Tiger Villa. Who knows if you protect me? Is it because of another purpose?" Murong Xinhuan stared at Chufeng."I am sceptical about you? You are a person who has no practice. I have no intention of making any predictions about you. I only look at you poorly before I can save you. If I want to kill you, I can't even move my fingers.""I have come to Baihu Villa for a purpose, but this goal is definitely not you. Now you believe in me or you don't believe me. You have no choice but to follow me. You can't live and return to Baihu Villa."Chu Feng was too lazy to explain that he took steps to cut the ropes and ride directly to BMW.As Zhang Guanjiao said, people in Baihu Villa dare to assassinate Murong Xinyu. Most of what is going on is a change. This change is the most hopeful of Chu Feng. Because of internal changes, it will cause confusion for Baihu Villa. It will be convenient for Chu Feng to sneak into the depths, to display his spiritual law, and to investigate the secret of Baihu Villa.As for this Murong Xinyu, Chu Feng helped her really out of a moment of good intentions. This girl has no use value. In addition, Chu Feng is not afraid of her report. He said that she is infiltrating the villain of Baihu Villa, because if Baihu Villa really changes, I am afraid. Murong Xinyu was unable to return to Baihu Villa and how to report it.Thought of this, Chu Feng did not hesitate to kick his BMW and he was ready to return to the White Tiger Villa. At this time, a panicking voice followed.Looking back, I saw Murong Xinyu rushed to Chufeng. His face was full of panicked colors. She was really scared. Chu Feng abandoned her."How, I'm not afraid that I am against you?" Chu Feng smiled badly."Regardless of your purpose, it is a fact that you have just saved me. As long as you protect me from returning to Baihu Villa, I will not treat you wrong." Murong Xinyu whispered, and it was evident that the girl was soft.Chu Feng smiled a bit, then put Murong Xin Yu on the horseback. Although this girl is a burden, but the key moment may also be a security command card, also with the line, with no, but Chu Feng choose to protect her Cheng.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!