The 145th chapter of the legend of the guardian of God's knowledge, Murong's happiness in the past, absolutely can be called the number one person, master a very powerful martial arts, attack and kill the world unparalleled, almost no one can stop.Even the enchanter who was famous in Qingzhou at that time, the old predecessor who had mastered the strong defense method, was beaten by him.At that time, some people believed that Murong's happiness would become a generation of arrogance like Qinglong Taoist, but no one thought that if he had just emerged, he would suddenly disappear.The year when he disappeared, it was exactly the year when he came out in vain. It was in the year that Baihu Villa was just established. He was only 20 years old that year.Some people said that he had achieved great benefits in the Jedi, but he paid a corresponding price and was destined to live.Some people also said that he was tired of worldly disputes. He was always guilty to the lady of the family who had given him the method of repairing the military. Therefore, he was buried in the mountains.However, no matter how Murong’s happiness disappeared, after his disappearance, the Qingzhou parties’ strongmen all poured into the White Tiger Range and wanted to get Murong’s marvellous martial arts but never found the Jedi.Later, it was proposed that if this Baihu Villa was razed to the ground, even if it were to be digging the ground, the Jedi would be found. However, at the time when the top masters in Qingzhou were ready to level the White Tiger Mountain Villa, Murong’s unbridled but suddenly appeared. Now.According to legend, Murong’s happiness at the time only disappeared for two months, but when people saw him again, he became a vicissitudes old man, his head full of black hair has been turned into long white hair, his face was pale, Wearing white clothes is like a dead person.However, he only used one trick, and he wiped out all the top players in Qingzhou at the time. This can be described as a terrifying move. When he reads Blood into the River, he is unmatched and invincible.After killing those who had committed crimes, Murong had disappeared again and disappeared completely. No one knew where he was going, and even Baihu Villa did not know.However, the most bizarre thing is that after that, the White Tiger Mountain Villa inexplicably emerged the body of a peerless expert and was killed by all. It was a fatal one. It was such a neat and clean measure that it was Murong's uniqueness. Tricks.After this, people all knew that Murong was not dead. He was tired of worldly disputes, but he was still guarding the Baihu Villa secretly. No one was allowed to commit.However, the martial arts that Murong had attained at that time was too tempting. For that martial arts, there were still many masters who secretly sneaked into Baihu Villa despite the danger of their lives. However, they failed to escape the fate of being killed.The most bizarre thing is that after the disappearance of Murong a few hundred years ago, this kind of thing still happened from time to time. The most recent one happened two hundred years ago. The death was the same as that of the people of the past.However, we must know that two hundred years ago, even if Murong is alive, even if he is over three hundred years old, this is simply not the age at which humans can survive.Therefore, some people think that Murong’s happiness was dead at the beginning. What he was alive was just a touch of his knowledge. Because of the certain power of the Jedi, Murong’s unfailing knowledge can be immortal and protect the White Tiger Villa from eternity.Since then, no one has dared to come to Baihu Villa to snoop, and Baihu Villa has almost no contact with the outside world, so it gradually faded out of people's vision.However, it was only in this way that the interest of Chu Feng was even more evoked. He knew that the Jedi was probably the entrance to the White Tiger Mountains at the time of the emperor's burial. Murong had to get something like the Qinglong Taoists.As for where that entrance is, Murong's life is dead, Chu Feng is not known, but now that he has sneaked in, Chu Feng will never give up easily and he will seek out a result.In the early morning of the day, when the sky was still dark, Chu Feng’s door was knocked open and he opened it. It turned out to be the Zhang steward.After seeing Chu Feng, Zhang Guanjiao nodded with satisfaction and handed Chu Feng a tidy shirt in his hand. “Take a look and have a good job for you.”Chu Feng put on her clothes and she followed Zhang Guanjia to a garden with several carriages.Several trucks are full of goods and the other is a splendid car. It is very luxurious and the horses that pull carts are all good horses.For these, Chu Feng did not accidentally, although these days, he contacted the lower class people, but they also learned that the details of Baihu Villa, at least not better than Zhuque City, Qinglong Emperor, hidden here a lot of masters, economic strength is also Very strong.There are dozens of diners standing beside the carriages, each of which is not a cake or a flower. The most important thing is that these diners are all finest diners.However, these family members are older than Chu Feng. When they saw Chu Feng’s upper class logo on the chest, they all showed strange colors. After all, if they are so small, they can become top class diners. Caused their embarrassment.“Chu Feng, today is the day when the young lady worships her mother. You are all smart.” Zhang Guanjia left the sentence when he had finished the sentence."Hey, new come on?" Zhang Guanjia just left, and a bunch of Ding was surrounded.These people have men and women, but they have all entered the youth. They enclose Chu Feng in the middle with a smirk at the corners of his mouth and his eyes are very poor.Chu Feng was disgusted with this gaze, but he also knew that the new comers would be bullied by the elderly. This is the unwritten rule of Baihu Villa.In order to successfully hide their eyes and ears and facilitate exploration in this mountainous area in the future, Chu Feng resisted the anger and forced out a hint of smile: "Do you have anything to do?""Who is the big sister? I'm so old?” However, when the voice just fell, a 20-year-old woman slapd a hand over Chu Feng.This hurdle was full and fast, but at the moment in Chu Feng's eyes, it was unusually slow. He slightly stood sideways and easily escaped."Oh, do you dare to hide? Understand the rules here? Today we must teach you."Upon seeing this, female Jia Ding was surprised, but he again fiercely raised his hand. At the same time, all the people around him had hands-on. Chu Feng could feel that there were strong winds in all directions. These family members did not know how to shamelessly censor a young boy like Chu Feng.At this moment, Chu Feng clenched his fists. He hesitated and hesitated to fight back. However, if he was exposed to the present, if he was exposed, Bai Hu Villa would probably suspect that he was a spy. At that time, it would be a big deal.At this time, a sharp resounding resounded, but the voice was extremely sweet, and he heard a tight heart in Chu Feng.Shun reputation, Chu Feng's eyes straightened, because not far away, standing tall and beautiful woman.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!