The 141st chapter suddenly appeared two breaths of life and death, making Chu Feng face change, because he found that the atmosphere turned out to Shangguan days, but Shangguan Tian Mingming still behind him hot pursuit, how Surrounded by his left and right sides?"This, is it martial arts?"After looking around, Chu Feng was even more shocked. He was shocked to find that the two breaths were indeed the appearances of Shangguan Tian, ​​but they were not entities but two transfigurative illusions. Similar, but clearly not godly."Oh, this is a six-piece martial art that I have mastered. I don't think I'm going to cast it out. It's an opening for you today."Between words, Shangguantian was full of Xuanli's perversion, followed by an illusory body. There were two illusions overflowing from his body, and they spread out and almost sealed the escape route of Chu Feng, allowing Chu Feng to keep walking. There is no way to change direction."Hateful, how can there be such a perverted martial arts in the world."Chu Feng is very speechless. This military technique is simply disgusting. The breath is the same as the main body, that is to say, it has the same power as the main body. When it comes to opposing enemies with equal strength, if it is cast out, it will form a rolling force. Situation."Oh, fuss, but it is only six military skills in the area. Xiuwu is extensive and profound. Exotic martial arts are more.""He's a martial art who is just gorgeous. If he meets absolute power, the number is useless. However, he uses this martial arts technique to catch you. It is actually effective." Said the egg."Nonsense, so he was forced to go, sooner or later will be cornered, you can not think of a way to let me get rid of him?" Chu Feng impatient, he did not want to do not understand it, was killed in the wilderness wilderness.“In this case, you can only watch life. If there is a mountain in front of the road, then you climb up. If there is a cliff in front of you, then you just jump down and just get out of it. You will still have a chance to survive, but if you are caught by him, you will die," said the egg.Indeed, as the egg says, Chu Feng has no means at the moment, but he can only rely on luck and fortune. Whoever makes himself inferior to others, even if he is forced to die alive, there is no complaint.In such a frantic run, Chu Feng climbed higher and higher, in front of him, there was a real cliff as a hindrance, but fortunately not too steep, with Chu Feng's body and method, you can climb over.In this vast expanse of mountains, after probably running for three hours, Chu Feng suddenly felt wrong, and he really had no way to go in front of him. There was a bottomless cliff."Isn't it true that I have to cut off my Chu Feng."Standing on the top of the cliff, Chu Feng looked down and found that the cliff was really a must. It was really steep to the extreme. Chu Feng had to jump on this, and most of the time it was a lot of bad things."Chu Feng don't be afraid, listen carefully, there is water, there are rivers below, even if it is higher here, but also up to a serious injury, but it should not fall to death." Egg calm analysis."Run, I see where you are still running. It's called Deadly Cliffs. The rocks are special. Even the Xuanwu Kingdom can't catch the rock wall."“And the cliffs of the mighty cliffs are the rivers of the dragons and dragons. The rivers in the dragons are rushing, fierce and fierce. They are like sharp swords. Live creatures are enough to be smashed by the waves, and there are wicked beasts in the dragon's river. Even if the waves beat you You won't die with Swirl, Wicked will swallow you."Shangguan Tian came over and he was no longer catching up. The pace had slowed down. His face was full of proud colors. Looking at Chu Feng's eyes was full of irony. It turned out that from the very beginning, he was pushing Chu Feng to a dead end."Ah, jumping up and down is the best part, but if you die in my hands, I will make you fly away." Shangguan Tian approached and sneered.At this moment, Chu Feng suddenly laughed. He laughed abnormally and said, "Shang Guan Tian, ​​you pray. I pray that I will die and I will pray not to see me again.""Otherwise, I will definitely look for you in Chufeng. When the day comes, it will not be your doomsday. It will be the day when you went to the official house."After that, Chu Feng suddenly jumped and jumped into the cliff in such an unrestrained manner. He soon fell into the misty cliff and drowned.Upon seeing this, Shangguan Tian quickly rushed to the place where Chu Feng had previously stood. He stared at it. I do not know why there was a trace of anxiety in his heart. He suddenly regretted it and regretted not to push Chu Feng under the cliff. Instead, he should hand Chu Feng himself. Killed.Have to say that this cliff is very deep, Chu Feng jumped down, I do not know how long it took to pass through the white fog, see the bottom of the cliff, at the bottom of the cliff, indeed as stated by Guantian, there is a broad and fierce rivers .The river is very strange, with ferocious sprays and countless undercurrents, and even a few moments of whirlpools swirling in the current.At this moment, Chu Feng hurriedly turned the body of the whole body to protect his body, because the drop from the cliff is too big, even if it falls into the river, it will also bring a lot of impact, change the ordinary people will Was directly shot into a meat mud, even if Chu Feng is indeed more than a few.A fierce splash of water, Chu Feng sinks into this dragon river, and in the moment it sinks, it completely lost consciousness, was washed away by that fierce spray.Chu Feng followed the crowd, consciousness was also a mess, he was really seriously injured, regardless of how the eggs shouted, Chu Feng can not cohere God, really into a life and death line.In this case, probably after five days, Chu Feng's consciousness finally recovered gradually. When he felt the pain from his body, he could easily hear a young girl with a sweet voice."Hey, you're okay, wake up!"In a dazed position, Chu Feng slowly opened his eyes and discovered that at the moment he was lying on a lawn, and not far from him, the ferocious dragon's river was like a ferocious beast. Still snarling."Saved? Not dead!" This is Chu Feng's subconscious mind, because everything in front of him, and the pain in his body, let Chu Feng know he is still alive."Hey, talk to you, why don't you answer." And at that moment, the sweet voice sounded again.Looking back, Chu Feng discovered that after he stood behind a young girl, the maiden was about 15 years old. She was tall, with fine features, and she was very handsome and her eyes were clear. Stare yourself.Behind the girl, there is still a Han and an old man who are full of vigilance compared to the girl's curiosity."Miss, it looks like he's okay. We'll just go. We must go to Baihu Villa before dark." The old man began to persuade."Yeah." The girl also gave Chu Feng a meaningful look and then turned away."Wait, you are going to Baihu Villa?" Chu Feng hurriedly opened his mouth.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!