Chapter 147 shows his skill in the front of Murong Xinyu, Chu Feng is standing there, and at the foot of Chu Feng, the two black men of Yuan Wu are actually lying in a pool of blood.Chu Feng shot, there is no purpose, there is not so much consideration, but he did not want a woman with no bounds, so in front of him, was beaten by the master of the territory of Yuan.For this scene, Murong Xinyu was full of mistakes, because she did not see what had just happened, but she knew that the two people who wanted to kill her suddenly died.It is common to change things. It is not difficult to understand such a scene. Obviously people who stand in front of her are killing the two black people. It is only when the people standing in front of her are switching to Chu Feng. After a teenager, Murong Xinyu obviously could not accept this fact."Little bitch, you are looking for death."At this time, two black men rushed in. The two were actually three-fold in Yuanwu. They saw that their companions were killed. The black people were extremely angry and Yuanli was working. Two kinds of powerful military skills were issued. .Both kinds of martial arts are not to be glimpsed. The powerful power shocks the earth and vibrates. It erases the flames in the air and makes a harsh growl.In the face of such a terrible attack, Murong Xin rain scared to scream, because for even her Aura does not have, the kind of powerful force is really too horrible.May be in the Murong Xin Yu, thinking that he will die without a doubt, Chu Feng is a cold cry, even moving does not move, that two powerful attacks, then in Chufeng three meters away from the explosion.The power was so terrifying, the energy was paralyzed, and it turned into a tangible, hurricane of strength. It swept away outwards, knocked down the surrounding trees and turned them into ashes. One escaping resident was shocked by hard fire. Shattered.It was such a powerful explosion that stopped at three meters away from Chufeng, as if it were an invisible wall. It blocked everything and could not hurt Chu Feng.Murong Xin Yu, who had witnessed everything with his own eyes, was so shocked that the beautiful girl had slipped round, his mouth slightly opened, and his face was covered with shocked colors because she did not know how this happened. She did not even know. This is the legendary enchantment.In fact, even the two black men who launched the attack are not at a loss, because they thought that the blow had killed Chu Feng, but did not expect Chu Feng to be unscathed.And just in the blasphemy of the two people's effort, Chu Feng's body suddenly appeared out of the road, Lei Guang, Rashe surging, Yangtian roar. Instantly turned into two Razers flying galloping, hard to engulf the two black men and turned into ashes.This time, everyone saw everything and saw that Chu Feng hadn’t even moved. He then cast out the martial arts that would fight against the sky, killing the two black men of the Yuan Wu triple."This breath is a matter of Yuan Wuyi, but Yuan Wuyi is so heavy. How could it be so strong? Killing the Yuanwu Triplex is like pinching an ant?!"Zhang Guanjia, despite the hard fight with the black men, he still noticed Chu Feng’s side. So the old and spicy experience made him realize that Chu Feng was not right, pointing to Chu Feng and exclaiming: “Who are you? Why? Mixed into my White Tiger Villa?!""What? Mix in Baihu Villa?"When Zhang Guanjia said this, everyone reacted. It is reasonable to say that the family did not have such a repair as Chu Feng. To repair Chu Feng, even if it was in Baihu Resort, it was not top, but it was definitely a A master, it is impossible to do such a humble homestead.At this moment, Murong Xin rain shocked his face, emerged in fear, began to panic to crawl back, because the secret of the White Tiger Villa, there are indeed many Xiuwu master mixed into them, and these people deliberately speculated that she had been kidnapped Before, almost lost their lives."If you want to live, don't run around." Chu Feng looked over and said faintly."Front..." After seeing Chu Feng's fierce gaze, I don't know why, Murong Xinyu couldn't help it. Then she stopped the movements under her body and sat starkly.Just then, around the woods, a burst of wind sounded, and there were hundreds of black people who had been brought out of the forest. Each of them had a sharp blade. Each person's breath was Yuan Wujing.“Everyone present was killed.” A cold voice began to sound, and the black man began to kill him. Almost all the players who had not run away were all killed.In fact, even those who ran away had already been smashed in the woods. This group apparently had premeditated plans and had no plans to leave alive.Under the siege of this group of people, even the Zhang Guanjia is unable to support, and soon fell down. However, no one can come close to Chu Feng, and those who are close are ten meters away and must fall.“This little friend, see you are not my person of Baihu Villa, can you not intervene in the private affairs of my Baihu Villa?” A black man in Wuwu Wuyuan opened his mouth. Obviously he also realized that Chu Feng was not simple."Who the hell are you? Why do you want to be against me?" After learning that the black man was actually a white tiger man, Murong Xinyu was furious because she could not think of her status and identity in Baihu Villa. , who would dare to kill her."As long as the younger friend is willing to walk and convenient, I will certainly give thanks to the White Tiger Villa." However, the black people simply do not care about Murong Xinyu, but rather bowed to Chu Feng politely.At the same time, dozens of people in black have been cautiously surrounded. There is a big disagreement, and they are all struggling.In the face of this situation, Murong Xinyu had to stand up and cling tightly behind Chu Feng. She thought she was ridiculous. She looked like a white tiger villa lady. At the moment, she wanted an outsider to protect her.This outsider, who had previously suffered aggrieved grievances because of offending her, but at this moment, the outsider is the only one who can protect her and she has to rely on."This little friend, do you really think you have a chance of winning it?" See Chu Feng is not speech, the voice of the black man who finally became cold."If you want to get your hands on it, this woman and I will be in Baoding." Chu Feng smiled a bit, and she did not put these people in her eyes.When the "hands-on" saw it, the man in black was no longer nonsense. When he heard a cold drink, hundreds of people in black were attacked by Chu Feng.The tyrannical forms of martial arts are different, but the only common denominator is the tyrannical powerlessness. This kind of coercion alone is enough to suffocate people in Lingwujing, but at the moment under the shelter of Chufeng, Murong Xinyu has Her discovery revealed that she did not feel a single threat.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!