The one hundred and forty-fourth chapter of Murong's hopelessness of the sun is falling. When the torch of the square is lit, the sky is dark.The appraisal was really over. The juvenile girls who passed the appraisal were gradually brought into the Baihu Resort and became a member of Baihu Resort.However, Wang Lin and Chu Feng, but they have not come out of the tent, which makes the Han and the elderly inexplicable concerns.After the previous scene, they all knew that Chu Feng was a person of repairing martial arts. When he thought of walking along and humiliated Chu Feng, they were ashamed and worried that Chu Feng was not good for Wang Lin.After all, anyone can see that the Zhang Guanjia is optimistic about Chu Feng, or even if Jia Ding undermines the rules first, the Zhang Guanjia will not tolerate it. The civilians will start working for the Baihu Villa."Bo Zhao, Liu Shu." But when Wang Lin appeared in the line of sight, their worries finally vanished."Miss, have you passed?" Dahan looked at Wang Lin's chest and the signs of the inferiors. He was extremely excited. After all, he was able to enter Baihu Villa and it represented a more smooth road to Xiuwu."Nonsense, we are really real lady, and there is no reason." The old man is also laughing, he is from the heart for Wang Lin happy.Although Wang Lin's family is very good, she can't compare with Baihu Villa. Even if it is the home of Baihu Villa, the White Tiger Mountain also has status and status.Therefore, all those who cultivate martial arts want to get into Baihu Villa. They will not be disgraced by the status of their family members. Instead, they will feel proud. This is like the disciples of each gate."Wang Lin, it seems that you and I will stop this, or thank you for giving me a ride." At this time, Chu Feng came over."Do not say this, if not you, how can I pass the assessment today." Wang Lin is a bit embarrassed."Come on, we're all polite. Now that we're all in Baihu Villa, we can meet in the future." Chu Feng smiled and waved, then he turned and left. Not far away, the Zhang Guanjia was waiting. Chu Feng.Can be the old man and the Han, see Chu Feng's chest sign, but he stood in the ground, his face covered with a surprise color.After a long time, he only regained his power. Incredibly, "He was directly promoted to become a top-grade family player. At least it is necessary to do spiritual and quadruple repairs.""Oh." Upon seeing this, Wang Lin smiled and said: "Yeah, that's fine. He just smashed a punch, and even the Zhang butler is amazed.""I think he should be able to develop in Baihu Resort. We are really looking at people down this time."Hearing Wang Lin to say this, the old man and the Han are even more ashamed. Thinking of all the previous humiliations of Chu Feng, they all had a heart that wanted to die at the moment.Because in this continent, the strength of the supremacy, and the qualifications of Chu Feng into Baihu Villa, will certainly skyrocket, fame and fortune status is only a matter of time.Their move today is tantamount to offending a famous celebrity in the future of the Baihu Mountains. Therefore, they are not only ashamed but also feel fear in their hearts and fear that Chu Feng will retaliate against them in the future."Reassured, he is not the kind of person who has small belly." It seems to see the two people's concerns, Wang Lin comforted.“Oh, it seems that people are not amenable.” Even so, the old man and the Han are still unable to settle down.Their intestines are early regrets. If we know that Chu Feng is such a talent, how could they dare to fall? Too late to come.However, if they knew that Lingwu Sizhong only had Chu Feng’s hidden strength, Chu Feng’s real strength was a matter of Yuan Wu’s weight, and he did not know what kind of expression they were.After farewell, Wang Lin and Chu Feng were sent to Baihu Villa together, but because of their different identities, the places they were assigned to were different.In the vast architectural complex of Baihu Mountain, there is an exquisite hut, which is the residence of the finest family, and now is the place where Chufeng is located."Unexpectedly, it will be so smooth."Chu Fengpan sat on the bedside, took a look at the finest sign of Jiading on the chest, and looked at the books in his hand. He could not help but smile.This is a second paragraph of martial arts, a steward gave him, but such treatment is not every family can enjoy. Although the white Tiger Villa dwellers can indeed practice martial arts, it is only limited to the finest family.For example, like Chu Feng, people who just entered the White Tiger Mountain Resort and were able to get martial arts training are simply rare.However, for Chu Feng, this two-piece martial arts did not have the necessary cultivation, and because he was really tired at the moment, he lost his arms on the bed and fell asleep.Since then, Chu Feng has been lurking in Baihu Villa for ten days. Although he is the status of Jia Ding, because he is the finest player, Chu Feng does not have to do anything for his servants. Most of them are directing the middle class and lower class. Jiading work.As for Chu Feng, more of it is to inquire into the secrets of this White Tiger Villa. On the tenth day, Chu Feng was considered to have had some gains. At least he had a certain understanding of this White Tiger Mountain Villa.Baihu Villa has a history of more than 500 years. It is not as bad as a few gates, and the strength is not simple. There are many masters in the villa. Just because it is located in a remote area, so few people in Qingzhou noticed here, but Baihu Villa The creator of this is indeed the number.Five hundred years ago, in the Baihu Mountains, there was no White Tiger Mountain Village. At that time, there were more people in the mountain range. Because of the topography, it was difficult for people to get out of this mountain range. Most of them died out here.At that time, within the Baihu Mountains, there were already several families of Xiuwu, but these families of Xiuwu had never been rumored to repair military methods and civilians could not touch Xiuwu.The founder of Baihu Villa, Murong Xiaoyao was a civilian. At the time, he was still a teenager. Because he was not willing to spend all his life, he mixed into a family of Xiuwu and was a young lady from the family. The young lady got the repairing method and even learned Xuangong and Wuji.It was only after this incident was revealed that Murong was shunned by the family and finally forced to flee to a place where he was considered a Jedi.At that time, people thought that Murong had died, but five years later, he had gone out of the Jedi and became a generation of Xiuwu masters. Among the White Tiger Mountains, no one has been able to defeat them.After Murong had passed away, he learned that the lady who had taught him the practice of repairing Wu was killed by the family. In an anger, he slaughtered the family and returned to the place where it was. He created the Baihu Villa. .After the establishment of Baihu Villa, it soon became the overlord of the Baihu Mountain Range. Many masters outside the White Tiger Range Mountains also came to admire the White Tiger Mountain Village. Murong Xiaoyao, in addition, repaired the military and taught civilians to allow the civilian population of the entire Baihu Mountain Range. People can all touch Xiuwu and change their destiny.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!