Chapter 151 of the mysterious gray robe within the lifeblood, extending in all directions, but in the end all the channels are brought together in one place, here is the heart of the lifeline, but also where the lifeblood lies.Here, dead bodies are like mountains, blood flows into rivers, and the stench of bloody smells is filled with every corner. But even if such scenes are thrilling, they are not as terrible as the objects in the center of the hall.It is an elliptical stone, ten meters long, seven meters wide, five meters high, blood red color, engraved with a line of spells, and constantly issued the sound of the sound through the pass, if careful observation, we can find that it is actually beating.Where is this a simple stone, it is simply a huge heart, the heart of a monster, because of humans, how could such a huge heart?Outside this heart, there are dozens of people standing in a circle. The position of these people standing is a doorway, like a defensive system.And their strength is also very strong, the weakest are the peaks of Yuanwu, of which six have entered the Xuanwu territory, especially the man who is of strong build, actually has six repairs of Xuanwu.However, at the moment, he was pale, his left hand was clutching his chest, blood was flowing slowly, and his breath was very unstable. Although it was the repair of the six basaltic basalts, it was like a seal of power. Only basalt was at the moment. Five strengths, and the official owner of the White Tiger Villa, Murong is in chaos.In addition to the chaos in Murong, hundreds of people are facing each other. Even though the personal strength of this group of people is not as good as those of Murong, the cultivation is not weak. The overall strength can be Say it is equal.Among this group of people, a man who is similar to Murong Yun's face in disgust, but is slightly old, is the older brother of Murong, and Murongyan Guan is the second master of Baihu Villa. Basaltic five repairs.In addition to the Murongyan Pass, among the hundreds of people, there is a strong basaltic player, but this figure is very short and dressed in a gray * robe.The gray robe was very strange. Not only did it hide his face, but it was also engraved with a spell. The line of the spell was more esoteric than the white robes of Zhuge Qingyun. It was unpredictable, but only When you look at it, it feels very simple."My brother, brother, brother's words, my brother is for me to think of the White Tiger Villa." Murong Yan Guan hand-held a black sword, that Shanghai drops the sword blood, it can be seen hurting Murong Yun chaos is his pro brother."You fart. This lifeline is the foundation of my White Tiger Mountain Villa. Lifeblood is extinguished and the mountains and dynasties are dying. You want to destroy this lifeline now. You want to destroy my White Tiger Villa and be a traitor. Even dare to say so."Murong's turbulent voice was very agitated. When the words came to the stimuli, a blood spit, and a violent panting cough, it was really piercing. It was evident that he was seriously injured."You do not want to be stubborn, brother. You should know that today's Baihu Resort is just an empty shelf. It is no longer a time when the old ancestors were alive. Even the first-class doors of Qingzhou are not as good as those. The second-class gates of waste are juxtaposed. Whenever there is an arbitrary force, it will destroy my Baihu Villa.""What is the use of such a White Tiger Villa? It would be better to open this lifeline and enter the Jedi. If you enter the Jedi, you will get everything that was acquired by the old ancestors.""At that time, my brothers and I could master the martial arts that obliterated everything and possessed the mighty powers that made Baihu Villa become the overlord of the entire Kyushu continent." Murong Yan said. |“You are talking nonsense. When the old ancestors left behind, the secret of the Jedi is not reproducible. Otherwise, it will chaos the world. This lifeline will not move. If one day is broken, it will be within a radius of ten thousand miles, and it will be destroyed instantaneously. The whole Qingzhou region will With charcoal, Kyushu's mainland will be destroyed."Murong was confused and put his fingers to the top. On the ancient rock wall, he wrote such a paragraph, which was profound and powerful, as if he were writing with a finger, but each one was several meters long and one meter deeper. Very scary.“You are optimistic. This is the ancestral ancestors of the old ancestors. This is also the reason why the old ancestors guarded this place. If you dare to move here, the old ancestors will reappear. Even when I cannot save you,” Murong warned Road."Murong is in a mess. You can rest assured that your old ancestor Murong had been a long-distance traveller. He would not have passed away any longer, otherwise he would not be present at Baihu Villa after such a big movement."“In addition, this lifeblood old man can open it, but it will not destroy it. I can save you this White Tiger Villa and better prevent the Qingzhou creatures from being smeared with charcoal.” At that moment, the gray robe came in Vicissitudes and strange sounds."Who are you? Are you swearing and harassing my eldest brother to do this rebellious thing?"Murong Yunran chaotically and furiously, raising his hand and condensing his hands around him, the entire lifeblood is a trembling tremble, as if a mountain descends from heaven and will crush everything.Those powers are so strong that almost all the strong players in the Yuanwu area are shook again and again. Even the strong in Xuanwujing can't resist.This is the attack. The man in the grey robe is not even moving, as if he has absolute confidence and can resist the attack."Boom" suddenly, a figure flashed, Murong Yan Guanru like ghostly, standing in front of the gray robe, he punched in the sky, the same burst of amazing power, actually offset Murong Yun Chao.The powerful dragonflies roared in the air, and huge roars spread everywhere. The entire lifeblood was boiling. If not the two masters of Xuanwu, each of them was operating under pressure to counteract the kind of jealousy, I am afraid all the Wuyuan who were present were afraid. The masters of the situation will all be killed by the hard-nosed stunner.This is the fearsomeness of those who are strong in Xuanwu territory. Xuanwujing will gain the power of going against heaven when he breaks through the weight. The two masters with the strength of the five basalts certainly have the power to shake up the heavens and the earth."How can my younger brother be so rude to Mr. Mr. Shi is an honorable person in my White Tiger Resort. He is helping us." Murong Yan angered and cried."Fart, he is an outsider, how could he think of my White Tiger Villa? He obviously came for the Secret of the Jedi, this person was guilty of speculation, his words, how can you believe?"Murong Yun was so angry that he was shivering, because his brother turned his head into animosity and caused the culprit in the turmoil in Baihu Villa. It was the man in the gray robe.The reason why his strength was from Xuanwu Six-Heart was sealed to Xuanwu Five-Yuan was also because the black sword was in the hands of Murong Yan, and that black sword was also given by the gray-robed man.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!