The 159th chapter is a bit of a meaning: "The means of the deity, attacking and killing is just strong, and there is nothing that can resist the dignity of the world. It is not the enchantment of your two devils, even if it is the leader of hundreds of spiritual soldiers. The spirit division was also killed by a blow.” The White Tiger spoke proudly.“Hundreds of spiritual soldiers? What level of spiritual division is that?” asked Chu Feng in the heart because he was eager to know how strong that division would be."The fool, the spirit and the spiritual psychiatrist conclude the contract. When the spiritual strength of the spiritual psychiatrist is strong enough, as long as the divisional psychic allows it, the division spirit can use his own intelligence to step into the world of the soul and become the spiritual gurus. Combat."“The ability to control the number of people in the world is a method of measuring the strength of the spiritual masters. Mastering hundreds of spiritual spirit divisions is at least the king of the world. It is a king of the highest level.” Road.“This is so powerful?” At this moment, Chu Feng was even more shocked. He defeated the King of Wu at the peak level. This illustrates two points. The first point shows that the owner of the White Tiger Attack was very powerful. A mythical figure on the mainland of Kyushu.On the other hand, it shows that the White Tiger attack is very successful. After all, the division spirit is good at the technique of enchantment, and the enchantment technique is also called the strongest defense method in the world, he can break it, and Killing him is enough to illustrate his power.It is no wonder that Murong’s happiness that year was known as the unparalleled means of attacking and killing the world. It must have been the credit for the white tiger attack and the secret technique."In short, the deity's ability, invincible in the world, as you little devils say, slumber here, the deity does not matter, but it is the world's regret, so deity decided to be born, let the world see the demeanor demeanor again."Bai Hu hovered in the air and spoke very much. However, even if it was too direct and confident to be too inflated, Chu Feng and Ziyi had no doubt about it, because this is indeed a legendary cheat. undoubtedly."You two little devils, although the quality is not good, but you can still have good qualifications. You two fight it. The winner, the deity will inherit my ability to him, as to what the defensive ability can be played. The degree depends on your personal qualifications.""But rest assured that even if your qualifications are too poor, the deity will not blame you, because the blame never doubts his own vision, just like Murong's happiness in the past, so mediocre, the deity did not say he can not, blame it, because After all, he was selected by the deity." White Tiger suddenly began to speak, somewhat repentant tone."What? Murong's unfathomable mediocre? When did Murong's mediocre life? Never said he couldn't? Then what are you complaining about now?" Chu Feng's heart is called a bad mood. This so-called secret technique is simply a arrogance. Self-confidence arrogant metamorphosis.But then again, people do have this capital, otherwise Chu Feng and the purple girl will not be congratulatory to it at the moment and want to win it.However, at the moment, the kung fu on the mouth is obviously useless. The white tiger has already spoken, letting Chu Feng fight against the purple girl, and the winner can get its power.“What is wrong with you? Don't hurry up? Be careful about the deity changing his mind later.” Glanced at the duo and the white tiger was extremely dissatisfied.The white tiger voice just fell, then the purple girl swiftly shot, the purple arrogance flow again, the first black hair again turned into a full of spontaneous, that purple pupil among the more murderous, she is bent on wanting to Chu Maple is dead.The front of the purple arrogance forced on, like the ferocious beast of purple, Chu Feng also does not show weakness, the pace steps away, the back board is straight, the left hand gold bow, the right hand gold arrow.The bow pulled the full moon, the arrows were like meteors, and the arrows of the heavens turned into golden storms. They burst into the purple flames. But only another Chu Feng unexpectedly was the purple arrogance that seemed to be like a smoke. It is not fragile but it is like an iron wall.Despite the powerful power of Chu Feng's ever-changing bow, he also had to pass through several layers of purple arrogance. He had to gradually slow down, and eventually he was resisted and fell into pieces and disappeared.The most important thing is that the Variety bow was blocked, but it was unable to withstand the purple arrogant offensive. At this moment, the purple arrogance was already carrying that powerful power and rushed from the front to Chu Feng.It fell from the sky, like an overwhelming waterfall, but also like the torrent of torrents of power. Then the forces of power and power, only Chu Feng, who was immersed in the environment, understood.However, Chu Feng is not a vegetarian. He chills out, no hassle or no panic, and when the purple arrogance is about to fall, the Royal Air Artillery suddenly runs out, and it easily flies away.But what Chu Feng could not think of was that almost at the same time as he escaped, the purple arrogance was divided and turned into countless purple arrogant hands and grabbed Chu Feng, and even the speed was raised several times."Blood and roar," that arrogant, powerful, and each bombing will be on the surface of this special texture, leaving a deep pit.Dust is flying and the stone shavings are dancing. Chu Feng is like a monkey and flies between the numerous purple hands. Although at his speed, the purple hand can't help him, Chu Feng is definitely in a passive state. The situation.When Chu Feng took refuge, he settled down and watched and found that the purple girl was standing still. He had never even moved halfway. She was looking at herself with that scornful look, as if Chu Feng was the fish on the cutting board. Let it be cut."Smelly girl, Xiao Ye does not prestige. You really should be a sick cat."At this moment, Chu Feng suddenly stopped the pace of escaping. Between the rotations of his thoughts, his eyes flashed with golden lightning. At the same time, the space around him was also a peristaltic movement. A small golden thunder burst out and formed a human form. Shield, guard in front of Chu Feng, Chu Feng's breath, is an instant weight from basalt, stepped into the basaltic double.At this moment, the few purple hands were already coming from all sides and siege. They almost closed off all the retreats of Chufeng, and began to burst into Chufeng. The powerful impact made the purple arrogance. Complicated with the gravel, even the cemetery is shaken and shaken, trembling and trembling.However, under such attacks, the purple-dressed girl did not like to be anxious. Her eyebrows could not help but crease, and Shuirun’s big eyes became dignified.As for the white tiger in the air, it was also a stroke across the corner of the mouth. The beast's unique smile arc, said in a subtle way: "It's a little bit of meaning."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!