The 158th chapter of the White Tiger attack Tigers shocked all directions, raging and moving the world, the cemetery fiercely shaking, as if it will collapse at any time.Under this pressure, in front of this force, the former deterrent force of the purple-girl was already so small that it was completely suppressed and it was not worth mentioning."The two little devils who came here actually dared to disturb the deity."This voice sounds like a beast, and it also seems like a strong man angers and drinks like it comes from all directions. It also appears to come from deep within the heart. It is rich and powerful, full of simplicity, and contains different ages. It is like the awakening of the spirits that slept thousands of years ago. One kind of person does not belong to this piece of pressure between heaven and earth.“The younger generation met with their predecessors and the younger generation did not intend to offend himself. They just didn’t want the older generation to be sealed here and buried the prestige of their predecessors. Therefore, they ventured and reopened their predecessors.” Upon seeing this, the purple-girl maiden was actually stunned. In the ground, he held his fists with both hands and performed a great gift in the air.“Immediately, the deity is willing to sleep here. If it isn't for the deity to come out and get down, it's up to you, the devil, can you wake up the deity?”The voice became a little irritated and an instant of innumerable white gases rushed out from all directions and began to gather in the air. Between the blink of an eye, they actually condensed into a giant white tiger.This tiger is very large, up to 20 meters long. One paw can make Chu Feng alive and patties. Although it is a white tiger, it is also non-enthusiastic. It is covered with white stuns, like smoke, in the air. Hovering and looking down at Chu Feng.It does not have a pupil, and its eyes are two black holes. However, when it scans Chu Feng, Chu Feng feels a sense of oppression from the depths of his heart. Chu Feng has no doubts, if this one wants to have a shot on it. He is afraid that he will soon be annihilated by fly ash. There is no suspense."You little devil, really bad, not only secretly sneaked in, but secretly militant, want to enjoy the benefits of fishing." That white tiger glanced at Chu Feng, cold road, although this guy has just been born, but the cemetery Everything in it was clear to the chest, clear and clear.At this moment, Chu Feng did not speak. He frowned and he kept silent. He didn’t want to talk, but he didn’t know what to say because he felt that in front of the old monster who lived a million times. Flattery is useless, because no one is more astute than he is. It's really the bridge that he walks through, and there are more roads than Chu Feng.When this is only a white tiger of the deity, after giving Chu Feng and negation, the purple girl is secretly smirking. The mouth can't help but make a smug smile. She feels that Bai Hu denies Chu Feng and her hope of inheriting the White Tiger will naturally increase. A lot."You little devil, not how come here, is nothing more than the power of the deity."“Before he was killed by him, you can see that you are also a person who does not achieve the goal and does not choose the means. If you are so young, you will grow up again. Is that still good?” But at this time, Bai Hu first glanced at purple clothes. The young girl then reprimanded him coldly.“Predecessors, the younger generation knew wrong, and the younger generation just wanted too much of your inheritance. They were too eager to get your strong power. To blame it was only to blame your charm too much for the younger generation.” At first glance, it was a pity and it was simply wronged."Oh, rhetoric." However, another surprise is that even though she knows that the girl said so naked, she still has a hint of excitement. This product even likes others to take it."The older generation, your power is unparalleled, your means is a must, you should not really sleep in this place, but should let the present generation of juniors, to see your style, or it is a pity for all of us. ."Seeing that assassin is effective, Chu Feng is no longer sitting still. He hurries up and salutes and pats him."Haha, you kid can really speak, but it's all about the truth. If the deity lives in here, it really is a pity to the world.""Because the respect of the deity is unmatched by anyone, the three old men must not be comparable to the deity." The White Tiger was smug and proud, even with the large paws full of sharp blades, stroking the few dry beards. It can be seen that it is really bad."Three old guys? Is it right? ...." However, after hearing the white tiger's words, Chu Feng's heart is thrown up."Absolutely not wrong, Chu Feng, this is to take the big fortune. If the queen did not make a mistake, at the entrance of the other three emperors, there should be three secret techniques.""Oh my God, if you can learn all four techniques, if you can learn them all, then the achievements of that day will be extremely limitless. Among the same generation, few will be able to achieve this. This is the real opportunity for the atmosphere and opportunities that are not available to ordinary people."Compared to Chu Feng's doubts, the eggs are excited to scurry. They have already confirmed the other four places and still have cheats to be found.At this moment, Chu Feng is ecstatically ecstatic. If you say a secret technique, you can make countless masters crazy, and then the four kinds of secrets will absolutely make the world crazy.At this moment, Chu Feng could not help but sneak into the purple girl, and found that the girl was staring at herself with that contempt and hatred. It was like she was looking at Chu Chufeng and shamelessly.For the girl’s reaction, Chu Feng secretly spurned, because he could see that even though the young girl knew that there was a cheat here, he obviously did not know the secret of the deceased burial. He did not know that there were three entrances in the territory of Qingzhou. It is very likely that there are also three kinds of secret techniques.“The deity introduced himself. My name is Tiger Tiger. It was created by Emperor Wu. My master's name is not convenient to disclose, but his power can just let the ground fall by just moving his toes. The sky was broken and it was the strongest man in the world.” At that moment, the god-like white tiger actually introduced himself.For this situation, Chu Feng had some preparations, after all, he had learned from the eggs that the secret of this secret technique should have been created by the powerful Wudi, but it was the purple-girl, surprised, and apparently she was also I did not expect that the origin of this secret technology would be so good.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!