The fifteenth chapter Dragon brother and brother (Gan more 13) "I'm the last member of the Chu League.""Everyone welcomes you, Chu Feng, applause."Chu Yue took Chu Feng and shouted while shouting.Upon seeing this, the members of the Chu League that were not Chuchu were also followed by an applause and nodded to Chu Feng.The strength of Chu Feng yesterday saw them. No matter how the Chu family looked at Chu Feng, Chu Feng was at least recognized in their hearts.However, except for Chu Yue and others, those children of the Chu family did not have any expressions, and they looked very badly at Chu Feng."Chu Yue, do you make mistakes, since taking this outsider to join me in the Chu League? Quickly let him roll." Chu Wei suddenly burst into tears."Yes, I don't welcome him, let him roll." At the same time, other people also shouted.Their voices were loud and they seemed to let everyone hear them. In fact, they did attract the attention of the people around them.At this moment, Chu Feng frowned and he could not think of anyway. Chu Wei would welcome him in this form.This is where it is welcome. It is simply to make him ugly and let him appear in front of many disciples."Chulway, what are you doing? Yesterday you didn't say good..." At this moment, Chu Yue was anxious. She was at a loss."Chu Yue you shut up to me, this is the Chu League I said, I can accept any people in the Chu League, but will not accept him Chu Feng." Chu Wei did not give Chu Yue finished the opportunity to speak."Chu Wei, I can't think of you...""Well, you do not accept Chu Fengdi, then I also withdrew from the Chu League."Chu Yue finally reacted. She knew that she had been exploited by Chu Wei and used her to make Chu Feng so embarrassed."Chu Yue, I am afraid this is not what you say, unless you want to leave the Chu family, otherwise you can not withdraw from the Chu League." Chu Wei sneer, it seems that long ago that Chuyue will have such a response."You ... you are just ...." Chuyue was angry with the teeth, but I do not know what to do, but desperation had to look at Chu Feng: "Chu Fengdi, I ....""Chu Yuejie, do not explain, I know this thing does not blame you." Chu Feng face is very calm, he glanced at Chu Wei and other people a touch of road:"You Chu League does not accept me Chu Feng, right? Well, very good, remember what you said today, I Chu Feng promised that there will always be one day, you will regret what you did today.""Hahaha, it's a joke. Do you really think you're a big man? We regret it. You're worth it for us to regret it?""That's what you think you are. It's shameless."However, nobody at all thought of Chu Feng's words. From their point of view, Chu Feng was nothing but a waste, because at a very young age, they had already printed such marks on Chu Feng.“It's really lively here.” At this moment, a loud voice suddenly sounded.Looking forward, I saw two teenagers slowly coming.This is a pair of twin brothers, the purple robe on the body is very dirty, dirty to see the oily light.In particular, both of them held a sugarcane in their hands, and when they were chewing, they continued to make harsh "barking noises." This was annoying.However, when people saw the two men and their medals on their chests, they were all shocked.Above the medal, a pair of wings were engraved. This is the sign of the strongest alliance in the Inner Door."It is a member of the Wingmen League, Dragon Brothers and Tigers." At this moment, many people have already recognized these two people.The male disciples showed their admiration and the female disciples screamed again and again, and fell in love with the appearance of the two. Even Chuyue became dignified."Chu Yuejie, do you know them?" Chu Feng asked curiously."Well, they are named Bai Long and Bai Hu. They are the same age as me. They are 16 years old.""When they joined Qinglong with me, they passed the internal door examination at the age of 12, and they were the first to be evaluated at the time.""It is said that they had already entered the Lieutenant Six Kings a year ago. They are true genius disciples."When the two men talked about Chu Yue, they looked very dignified. It can be seen that these two people did leave a very heavy weight in the heart of Chuyue."At the age of sixteen, it's the "Liu Wu"!Hearing Chu Yueh this way, Chu Feng is also revisiting his brother and brother. To know that his eldest brother Chu Yu, 17-year-old into the six arms of Lingwu, has been considered a genius.The two were actually a full year ahead of Chu Chuyu. It can be seen that Wing Meng’s members cannot be underestimated. It is no wonder that they will be regarded as mythological organizations."Long...long brother and brother, they seem to be coming to us. I..we..nobody has provoked them?"Seeing the goal of Dragon Brothers and Brothers, it turned out that everyone in the Chu League became nervous. Even Chu Wei was no exception.After all, the names of the brothers are too loud. Even if they remove the identity of Wing Meng, they still cannot cover their brilliance.Such people are afraid to offend them because if they offend them, they are said to have been sentenced to death at the Inner Gate.However, when the Dragon brothers and brothers approached, the crowd finally breathed a sigh of relief as they discovered that the goal of the Dragon Brothers and Tigers was actually Chu Feng."You called Chu Feng?" White Dragon looked Chu Feng."What happened?" Chu Feng replied calmly."Huh?" See Chu Feng should be under, that white tiger's brow can not help micro-wrinkles, but also began to look at Chu Feng."That's great. It turned out that Longxiu Brother really came to Chufeng.""Oh, just entering the inner door would have offended Dragon Brother and Tiger. Really deserved.""Let him go crazy and see how he died this time."At this moment, the hearts of Chu family members are all overjoyed. They all wished that Chu Feng would offend the big man and be obliterated.Just can not think that Chu Feng so quickly offended Long Brother brother, which really makes them too excited.Only when Dragon Brothers and Tiger said the next sentence, they were dumbfounded."Chu Feng, interested in joining Wing Meng?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!