The 153rd chapter of the ancient crystal "You deceive me, you....."Murong Yan angered and attacked. He rushed out with painstaking effort, and then he was unable to lie down on the ground. Despite the dramatic ups and downs, he did not have the strength to climb.For this kind of situation, Murong’s confusion only slowly closed his eyes and he was helpless and sad. Although this incident was caused by his big brother, he also had an inescapable responsibility.To blame it, he can only blame him for trusting his own big brother, handing over a lot of power to Murongyan, taking charge of retreating and cultivating all day without asking the world. If not, even if Murongyan Guan is used, it will not be able to cause such a big loss.In any case, Bai Hu Shanzhuang was already seriously injured, and the lifeblood has been broken. When it is in jeopardy, he does not believe that this person in the grey robe can keep the White Tiger Villa, but I do not believe he will do so.At this moment, in the strange black hole, there was a trembling voice. The sound was very strange, as if it came from an extremely distant direction. It was just a matter of hearing the sound, which made people very uneasy, as if it was a scary one. The object will be born in general.“Oh ha ha ha ha, you just want to get everything that your ancestors got? Do you think you have this ability and have this qualification?”"This is the Jedi. It is a Jedi. There are terrible things in the Jedi. When you open your lifeline, you want to release it. It will paint the souls of Qingzhou and destroy the mainland. If you don't get anything, you will We were killed by it."Murong laughed wildly and madly. He was desperate. He deeply believed the words left by his ancestors. He knew that they would all die here today. Qingzhou and even the entire mainland would have to make a fortune.However, the person in the grey robe only made a cold noise, but he jumped into the strange black hole. What was most surprising was that when the gray robe was entered, the terrible rumbling sound gradually subsided. Until completely disappeared.The main thing is that the strange black hole is gradually shrinking. It seems to be closed."The lifeblood has been destroyed and Baihu Villa has not died. Everyone is entering the black hole. There is a Jedi, and it is very likely that everything will be obtained by Murong."Upon seeing this, suddenly someone shouted, and after this sounded, everyone began to crawl hard to the black hole, but they had already lost their strength and could say that it was a real move.Although the black holes are in close proximity, they cannot be approached. This makes many people remorse. Some growl, some cry, and others do not even growl and cry."Treading....."At this moment, a rush of footsteps approached, and then a figure flew like light and eventually stood in the heart of the lifeblood. This is exactly what Chu Feng and Murong Xinyu had."Father." Murong Xinyu saw Murong after the chaos, they ran hurriedly and rushed into his father's arms.Chu Feng, on the other hand, was cautiously watching everything around him. Because of the just-talked dialogue, Chu Feng could also realize that there was a very powerful character, but it was clear that at this moment, the character had left."Chu Feng, soon to enter the black hole, it must be the entrance of the deceased." When Chu Feng's eyes, to the black hole, the sound of the egg sounded, and abnormal excitement.At the same time as the egg opened, Chu Feng ran to the black hole. At this moment, the black hole has become very small. Chu Feng could not enter it. He had to put his hands together to take a dragon into the sea and plunged into the black hole. Among them.And just before Chu Feng entered, the black hole was completely closed and dissipated in the lifeblood, as if it had never appeared before, leaving no trace.At this moment, many people are disappointed. They feel that they have missed and become an opportunity for a generation of masters. After all, Murong's happiness was because he had entered the Jedi and gained inexplicable benefits before he could become such a strong player.At this moment, many people calm down, because they feel that when lifeblood goes off, they will release terrible creatures and White Tiger Mountain Villa will be destroyed instantaneously. They will naturally lose their lives, but at the moment, it seems that no terrible thing has happened. ."Father." Murong Xinyu snuggled around Murong Yun chaos, his face tears."Xin Yu, who was the boy right now? Why didn't I see him?" And Murong was confused, but still staring at the place where the black hole disappeared, there was an unspoken emotion in his heart."He called Chu Feng, a division spiritualist, but he is not a bad person. On this road, if he did not protect me, I couldn't live here."Speaking of this, Murong Xin took a bad look at the rain, not far from Murongyanguan, this is now Baihu Villa, the largest sinner.Murong Yun was skeptical. He firmly believed that the old ancestor Murong had said that his lifeline was destroyed and the mountains and villages were dead. However, the lifeblood is now broken, but the villa is still intact.He also wondered if it was the gray gown who had moved his hands and feet, but he was even more skeptical that only the basaltic gray gown would have such a strength?At the same time, Chu Feng was like entering a dream. Everything around him was a dark one. A huge suction force led him to move forward.I don't know how long it took before Chu Feng's eyes burst into a dazzling light. At the same time, the darkness around him began to fade. When his feet fell firmly on the ground, everything around him changed.This is like a palace. Because it is very luxurious, it is several times more luxurious than the lifeline above. It is the most luxurious place Chu Feng has ever seen.This is like a large array, because each place is engraved with spells, the spells are linked together, the light flashes, like a huge net, covering this place.This is like a cemetery, because in the center of this place, there is a round high platform, in the center of the high table, there is a shining crystal, ancient crystal bowl.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!