157th chapter strong girl "You are a woman?" Chu Feng mouth wide open, surprised, but that grabbed the right hand of people's chest, but more and more tightly touched, and even rubbed twice, it is like In determining whether the other party is a woman in general.In the end, Chu Feng came to a conclusion that, absolutely, this feel, this flexibility, in addition to the smaller one, is almost nothing more than the Susu."I slaughtered you." And being caught by Chu Feng, the gray robe was extremely angry.Although she couldn't see her face, she could feel her anger. She ran away with an awe-inspiring atmosphere and surged in the body. She used powerful military skills to launch a fatal blow to Chu Feng.However, Chu Feng could give her this opportunity. He saw Chu Feng's right palm slightly loosen. He clenched his grip and lifted it upwards. He then took the grey-gown in his hands and picked it up in his arms.When the spiritual grey robe was plucked by Chu Feng, the woman suddenly screamed, because in the absence of her grey-gown, She had already suffered the most from this trap.“I went, it turned out to be such a gimmick.” At the same time, Chu Feng was sluggish and confused by the scene before him.Because underneath the spiritual gray robe, it is not a mean little old man at all, but a beautiful girl who can no longer be beautiful, a sharp chin, and white cheeks. This is the real face.And girls not only have small faces that are delicate enough, but also have beautiful facial features. In particular, those big eyes with watery eyes can almost kill individuals. They are not as attractive as Su Mou and they are not as simple as Su Mi. They are both clear and transparent. Enchanting, as if crystal clear bottom of the pool, blooming with a charming flower.Especially with the girl, the purple dress, the beautiful white leg under the dress, is simply a lively leprechaun, but also awesome people can not afford the kind of life.This woman in the appearance, definitely surpassed the Su Mou Su Mei sister, among the many beautiful women Chu Feng had seen, with this woman is comparable, only the eggs that survive in the spiritual world of Chu Feng.However, this woman is very different from the eggs, although the same level of fairy, but if the eggs are the ancient naughty naughty, then this is a cold-type rejection of thousands of miles."You look at this color devil, but also look at it, haven't seen the beauty? Not killing her soon.""Otherwise, until the secret was born, between you two, maybe it will choose who!" Just as Chu Feng looked at the blasphemy, the eggs hate iron and become steel.After hearing this, Chu Feng was a tight man in his heart. If he were to kill a vicious and evil person, Chu Feng would not be merciless, but he must kill one, and be worthless, and be such a beautiful girl. He is a real girl. Can't afford to go."A degrading villain dared to plot to me. I must not break you down today."At this moment, the young girl was sizzling and her black hair turned purple, and at the same time the glamorous eyes were turned into purple.A pair of purple gases constantly emerge from their bodies. They are like light, water, and flames. They are very strange. They rotate around the girl and interweave with each other.At the same time, with the girl as the center, the invisible layers of the eternity continue to spread, and after that, the waves are more powerful than the waves, and suddenly burst out. Even Chu Feng is unable to resist. The bombarded the trap.Between the offensive and defensive positions, Chu Feng was detonated from the high platform, a beautiful backflip, and she fell steadily to the ground. However, when he once again turned his gaze to the high platform, he could no longer calm himself.Because he worked hard to lay out several traps for the hour, he was being disintegrated by the purple maiden of the young girl. Numerous spells began to disintegrate, and they turned into ashes and dispelled the world."This girl is so powerful that obviously it is only a basalt. How can we get out of the trap and get my bang?"Chu Feng was inconceivable, because the breath emanating from the girl body was very strange. He had never seen him before, but he also felt subconsciously that it was not a simple military technique."How could it be that she was actually the kind of system." The egg shouted in dismay, and the words were full of incredible."What kind of system is that system? Eggs, what kind of system is she?" Chu Feng also realized that it was not good, because the girl at the moment brought him a great deal of pressure.We must know that after the eggs had given him power, Chu Feng had reached a level of basalt. With his ability and basalt's fourfold weights, he could easily obliterate it. If he casts out of the blood, the special power of the golden thunder will make him If we rush into the double basalt, even if the master basalt Wujin is not alone, only the six Xuanwu talent can compete with him.But what happened to this girl at the moment was equivalent to Chu Feng's, but it brought such a powerful pressure on Chu Feng. Is it that the young girl, who also possesses special abilities, possesses combat power comparable to that of Xuanwu?"Idiot, don't you still don't see it. This girl is not a special martial art, but her unique special ability. This purple arrogance, without any power, is entirely her own thing. What this girl is not A special system, but a God-given deity!""What? God-given God!" And to hear this, Chu Feng was even more shocked, his face suddenly became pale.God-given God, it is a special system endowed with heaven, and the true genius of mastering special abilities is inherently destined to become the presence of a generation of characters.Ten years ago, the legendary figure, the founder of this emperor, Xuan Xuan-tian, was a god-given deity, and the reason why Chu-feng has such a powerful fighting power is also likely to be a god-given deity.However, suspicion is doubt after all, but it has not yet been confirmed, but right now, in front of him, his opponent, a girl shouting to smash him to pieces, turned out to be a god-given shrine.This made Chu Feng, in his battle with his opponents of the same generation, for the first time had a sense of crisis in the face of enemies, and he had to devote himself wholeheartedly to handling it with care and dignity.A loud roar came and countless spells flew away. The purple arrogance filled the entire high platform. The young girl dropped the trap of Chu Feng's arrangement and collapsed step by step.Her purple long hair frenzied dance, her purple eyelids murderous, her purple short skirt without wind automatically, her purple arrogance go hand in hand."It's a powerful and powerful momentum. This is the real God-given God!"Chu Feng's face was pale. Although he did not withdraw, he did not dare to move forward easily. Not to mention taking the initiative to launch an attack. Bean's big sweat has fallen from his forehead. He really felt the crisis. He was forced for the first time. To this point.And just then, there was a harsh shout in every direction. It was stronger than before. There was also a wave of shaking underneath the foot. There was even a crack in the road. You could hear the sound of falling stones. The most important thing was that it was powerful and ancient. The sense of oppression is also blowing.The legendary secret technology was born.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!