Chapter 154 The crystal remains of the Tianwujing body are transparent. Chu Feng walks onto the high platform and can be clearly seen. An old man lies among the ancient skeletons.The old man has white hair like snow, his face is like paper, his body is dry and his skin is thin, but even if this is the case, it still gives people a sense of oppression because this man was a warrior in the Tianwu area."Tianwujing martial arts, haha, very good, fast, quickly help me absorb the origin of this person, as long as the absorption of his origin, I can step into the Xuanwu territory.""When I finally transfer the power to you, by your means today, you can easily wipe out Gong Luyun. Even the Shangguan family in the city of Suzaku can no longer compete with you."The melodious sound of the egg sounded. At the moment, her excited spiritual world kept on jumping and she was happy like a child. Because of the origin of the Tianwu strong man, her temptation was too great.“Tianwujing, turned out to be the remains of Tianwujing, who is the oldest ancestor of Baihu Villa, who has the strongest means of attacking Murong?”Compared to the egg that wants to devour each other's origin, Chu Feng looks at the old man in awe. Because of his appearance, it is just like the legendary Murong.“Who is he?” he said. “Open the crystal urn soon. Don't wait until the psychic returns. Otherwise you and I will die.” Eggs eagerly reminded.“Isn't the division spiritualist? Is it the person who entered here before me and is a spiritual psychic?” Chu Feng was surprised. He couldn’t think of the person’s identity as he couldn’t see the man.But think about it, you can understand it, you can break the so-called lifeline, and most of the people who can enter here are only able to do it. The spiritual gurus of the Xuanwu Kingdom are probably not as good as Zhuge Qingyun, but they must be very powerful characters. .When thinking of this, Chu Feng did not hesitate to open the cover of the ancient manuscript of the crystal. He first imposed a ceremony on the strong man in Tianwu, and this began to devour his origin.It has to be said that this person, whose original source is rich in abundance and is not at all in the Xuanwu area, can be compared and swallowed will make Chu Feng feel a little bit strenuous, but in order to engulf this source before the spiritualist returns, Chu Feng had to fully devour eggs with eggs."Haha, it's so good. This taste is so wonderful. My cultivation finally grew again."After about half an hour's engulfing, Chu Feng finally swallowed up the source of this body, and the egg was ecstatic, because after the original engulfed, the biggest benefit than her, and now she is stepping into the Basaltic weight.At this moment, Chu Feng was shocked to find that the remains that had been intact had changed at the moment. The body beneath the white clothes was rapidly shrinking, and the flesh quickly dissipated, turning into a pile of dried up. White bones."This is how it can be done."Chu Feng was extremely shocked. He obviously remembered engulfing the origin and not affecting the body itself. Why, after swallowing up the original source, this would cause the other person's body to turn from a complete state to a sturdy bone."Stupid, what a fuss about, and his body is able to maintain its integrity, but because of the special role of this ancient crystal bowl, you open the ancient crystal bowl, his body will naturally change." Egg explained."This is the case, so is this the entrance to the deceased?""What was the divisional division? Where did he go?" Chu Feng carefully looked around and found that there is something in common with the lifeblood. It is also accessible in all directions and has many passages. He does not know where to go."Not like this, it is more like a seal array, and it is a very powerful seal array.""If I'm not mistaken, this is probably Murong's happiness. He must have gotten something in the emperor's funeral. But for some reason, he didn't want anyone to open the deceased again, so he sealed it here. ”"Just listening to previous movements, the lifeblood has been broken, and this seal has been affected, and to see the surrounding spells, it should be used by the spirit division, he stabilized the seal array.""As for the so-called lifeblood, it should only be a lie of Murong's unrestrained spreading. At the beginning of the year, he planned to bury himself here. Therefore, at the time of the establishment of Baihu Villa, it has been built here.""Perhaps in order to prevent him from dying, there are still people who disturb his peace. Perhaps there is something underneath this seal line. He does not want anybody to step into it. But no matter what is the reason, he must have been alive that year. ”"He deliberately in his lifetime, first pretended to disappear, and then when someone came to commit, but also mercilessly obliterated the offender in the future, in order to deter future generations." Egg analysis."If so, how could he suddenly change from a young man of great brilliance to an old man of old age? If the rumors are true, then he has lived for three hundred years. Has it surpassed the limits of human life? "Chu Feng is very puzzled."He will certainly have experienced what happened, so it will change. The emperor's burial is not as simple as you think. There are more than evil spirits, and there are many powerful things to guard.""He can change from a young and handsome young man to an old, old man. He can live for hundreds of years in the same way. In fact, even if you live a thousand years, it is not impossible for your cultivation to reach a certain level."“Just now, what you need to think about is not what Murong’s change is because of whether or not there is a treasure left by Murong Happy.”"What you need to do now is two things. The first is to eliminate the spiritual psychic. Only then can you devour the treasures here and inherit Murong's legacy.""The second is to find the exit that leaves here, because if you don't even know how to go out, everything will be in vain."At this moment, Chu Feng noticed that he came directly from the black hole and there was no way to return.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!