Chapter 155 The Secret of the Jedi Suddenly, in the depths of an aisle, a gray light shines. The gray light is very strange. It is a power of enchantment."Well, that guy turned out to be a grey-gown division." And after seeing the strange light, the eggs became tense."The gray gown division spiritual master?" Chu Feng expressed puzzled, but it can feel from the egg's tense attitude, that division is very simple."Chu Feng, this time can not be ignored, the spiritual division is very powerful, even more than you Qinglong Zong Zhuge Evergreen even more powerful." Eggs dignified said."What? Even more powerful than Zhuge Elder?" Chu Feng was even more shocked."That's true, the division division also has a hierarchy, and it is divided into white robes, gray robes, blue robes, purple robes, and golden robes according to the strength of the forces that control the enchantment.""You Qinggezong's Zhuge Qingyun is obviously a white gown division. He does not speak of the white robes he wears. The power of the enchantment that he himself possesses is also in the range of white robes. Inside, if strictly required, you are now a white gown division."“The light that just flashed was obviously the one who used the power of enchantment. If only the enchantment is arranged, it will not emit that kind of light. This shows that he uses the power of enchantment to open something.”“That was a terrible person. I know this place better than you, and his goal is very clear. It is clear that even the original source of Murong's happiness can be disregarded, and it should be opened first.”"If I'm not mistaken, it must be something more attractive than Murong's origin, so I now have an idea," said the egg."What idea?" Chu Feng eagerly asked.“The technique of his enchantment is on top of you, and it can open treasures that you cannot open. Moreover, since he is a grey-gown division, he must be psychic with the spirits of the community and his strength is not weak, so don’t take it lightly.”"You are now hiding in the ancient temple. Wait until he goes to other passages. After he has turned on, come out and set up a trap that can suppress him here.""Wait until he opens the treasure, he will surely learn the origin of Murong's happiness. Then you will attack him again and grab all of his money," the egg reminded."Well, wait and see the rabbit and enjoy the benefits of fishermen?" After hearing the eggs, Chu Feng strongly endorsed it because he did not do it for the first time, but the effect was really good.After this, Chu Feng first used the method of enchantment as a means of disguising the outside of the ancient crystal bowls. From the outside, the body of Murong's undisturbed remains intact, but in fact it was only an illusion, even if it was hidden by Chu. Into it, from the outside, is still the body of Murong Happy.Just in Chufeng, just after the hands and feet of the ancient crystal bowl in the evening, the gray light in the depths of the channel disappeared completely. The egg reminded Chu Feng that it must have been the spiritual psychic and completed the opening of that part. At the moment, Back, so Chu Feng hurried to hide in the ancient crystal.Lying among the ancient crystal bowls, Chu Feng was somewhat nervous. After all, the eggs had already been said. The other party's accomplishments in the enchantment were even more powerful than Zhuge Qingyun. The real strength was not known.Even though she has now entered the Xuanwu area, with her help, Chu Feng can even fight the six basaltic masters. However, when he has not laid out any of the traps that the egg can suppress, the heart of Chu Feng is still not there. bottom.However, when a soft footstep walked past and slowly drifted away, Chu Feng's hanging heart was finally put down because the spiritual psychic did not use his spiritual power to show that he was confident in himself. Convinced that he was staying in this cemetery at the moment, only he was alone.After this, Chu Feng began to arrange traps in the ancient towers of crystals. The more he arranged, the more he could feel that the changes in the cemetery were not astonishing on the surface, but the feeling was like a kind of powerful. The object will be revived in general."I rub that, this feeling is so upset, that guy wouldn't be trying to crack this seal line, open the entrance to the emperor's burial, and release the evil spirits out of it."Chu Feng was not calm, because it was sealed. He did not know where the exit was. If he let go of an evil spirit, he did not know where to run. It was absolutely dead."Rest assured, the core of this seal array is here. If he wants to open the seal array, he will not use the spell to stabilize the seal.""If I did not guess wrong, what he wants to open is not a certain kind of creature, but a kind of martial art that has been sealed, that is, the secret of the Jedi that he said before," explained the egg."Really? That would be great." At this moment, Chu Feng was thrilled. After all, the martial arts mastered by Murong Xiaoyao had been passed on as a god. If it could be obtained, it would be a true trump card.When the spiritual psychiatrist stepped into the last passage, the entire cemetery began to rumble, as though something terribly powerful was to be born, but it was completely different from what was heard in the lifeblood."Fast, he's going to finish. I guess that's right. What he started is indeed a means of being sealed. Even if it isn't the secret of the Jedi, it won't be a simple martial arts, or it won't be such a big move. "Excited egg said.Chu Feng was also thrilled and began to speed up the layout of traps.And just then, the rants of the Tigers came from all sides. The voice was extremely harsh and could absolutely shake the world. It was the real King of the beasts who roared and shook the soul. People were afraid in the depths of the heart. Even surrendered."Oh my God, in this voice, you said that he wasn't giving off evil spirits?" Chu Feng sweated a lot, because he could feel the coercion of that object from that buzz."A fool, if you are a spiritual division, you cannot even distinguish between evil spirits and souls. Will evil spirits be so good?""It's not evil spirits. It's a big opportunity because it's not a simple martial arts technique. It's a secret technique. Do you know the secret technique?" The egg is like steel, but her voice is unusually excited. ."Cheats, what is that?" Heared this way, Chu Feng felt it was not simple, and hurriedly asked.“Cheats are a means above martial arts and cannot be limited by the order of the product, because its power varies from person to person, but it is absolutely capable of overpowering the crowd and shaking.”"Cheats are skills that have life and cannot be portrayed on paper. Not everyone can grasp it, because it is not people who learn it, but it chooses the owner.""After the owner's death, the secret technique will be separated from the owner's body, walk between heaven and earth, and choose a new master."“In short, the secret technique is the most powerful means in the world. It can be met with no demand. It is the means by which countless Xiuwu masters pursue their lives.”"No wonder that Murong's happiness in the past was so powerful that he could not think of the legendary secret skills."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!