The 150th chapter returned to the peak because Murong Xinyu was not repaired, so her walking speed was too slow. In order to reach the depths quickly, Chu Feng had to carry this beauty to run, but I have to say that this is Murong Xin. The feeling of rain is really good."Steamed bread, why is it called lifeline here?" Chu Feng, while running the air art, quickly galloped, posing pretending to be curious."I'm not quite sure about it. It's just that this lifeline has been created from the beginning of my creation of Baihu Villa." Murong Xinyu replied."Huh?" Chu Feng naturally heard that Murong Xin Yu was perfunctoring to him. This lifeblood certainly had an unspeakable secret, but Murong Xin Yu was prepared for him and his wife, so he refused to tell the truth.But even then, Chu Feng still learned that since the lifeblood was co-created with the White Tiger Villa, it can be seen that there are really great secrets.Chu Feng's speed is extremely high. Under the hurry, even BMW is no match for sweat. The center of this lifeline is at the bottom of Baihu Villa. Therefore, just a few moments, Chu Feng has come to the heart of this lifeline.At this moment, the passageway was extended to be extremely open, as if it were an underground castle. Here, the two men saw a lot of corpses, and the blood still exudes a faint heat. It is clear that these people were shortly after death.In addition, the more zombies that go forward, the more severe the repairs of these dead bodies are. They have already climbed from the territory of Yuanwu to the peaks of Yuanwu. To understand such cultivation, even within Qinglong, it is absolutely necessary. It is top.But later on, there was even a corpse of a master of Xuanwu territory. Although it was a basalt, but it was indeed a master of Xuanwu, even the masters of Xuanwujing were killed."Wow, Xuanwujing quickly helped me absorb his original source." Eggs were always there, but they remained silent. However, when she saw the remains of a master Xuanwujing, she finally could not help but speak.Xiuwu has already entered the egg of Yuanwujing and has no interest in the origin of the warriors in Yuanwu territory. However, the masters of Xuanwujing still have enormous attraction for her.And Chu Feng was not neglected. He came to the body of the strong basalt and began to help the eggs and devour his origin.However, compared to Chu Feng, that Murong Xinyu may not be calm, but a sorrowful face crying: "Sure it was the sixth protector grandfather, unexpectedly even his old man was also accidental.""What kind of person is he?" asked Chu Feng after absorbing the source."This is one of the six guardians of my White Tiger Resort. It is my father's most heartfelt men who guard this lifeline and protect my father's safety."I don't think even he was murdered. It seems that they have indeed broken into the lifeblood. My father is now likely to be caught in a crisis." Murong Xinyu was even more worried."Rumbled" and just then, in the depths of that lifeblood, there was a loud thunder.Although it was still a long way away, the voice was clearly introduced into the ears of Chu Feng. Even the earth underneath was violently trembling. It was evident how that attack would produce such a deterrent.After that, the loud noises continued to erupt, and Chu Feng was able to withstand it. But Murong Xinyu was already shaking the earth, making it untenable and beginning to swing.But even then, she said to Chu Feng: "I will not let them hurt my father!"“Are you stupid? This kind of momentum is definitely the master of the Xuanwujing in the confrontation. You let me pass. Only you can make cannon fodder.” Chu Feng’s whiteness took a look at Murong Xinyu, and then ignored her. It is to remove the Spiritual Compass and you want to find some instructions.“This is a community compass, you are a real spiritual division.” Looking at the hands of Chu Feng, the bright glow of the flames, and the various kinds of spells, the compass compassion, Murong Xin started with a scare of rain, although she had not seen the division spirit division, but But they also heard the various methods of the spiritual division.Therefore, at this moment, she is certain that Chu Feng is a spiritual division teacher, but the spiritual psychic division at such an age is actually a bit too powerful.However, Chu Feng ignored him, and concentrated on analyzing the immediate situation with the eggs. He finally learned that there was a favorable and favorable conclusion. This lifeline is likely to be the entrance to the deceased burial, but the direction of the entrance is precisely that. Xuanwujing masters confrontation.This made Chu Feng guilty of embarrassment, because the people of Baihu Villa must be aware of the secret of this lifeline. Today, they are fighting at the entrance of the deceased burial. It is very likely that they are fighting for something, maybe a treasure, perhaps it is a chance to enter the burial of the emperor. .However, the strength of Chu Feng today, even if he knows that there is a baby in front of him, but he can not rush to go, because after the Shangguan days after the killing, he deeply realized that he and the Xuanwu border master gap."You don't forget about it, you don't go to me." And at this moment, Murong Xinyu blew a cold cry, he stumbled and ran to the depths of the lifeblood."You gimmick, to go to death?" Seeing that, Chu Feng a flick, he came to Murong Xin rain in front of one and grabbed her."You let me go." Murong Xinyu struggled to break free. As long as he thought of his father, he might be facing danger at the moment and she would not be calm."You calm me down. What can you do to help a person who has no practice? Can you help him? Not only can you not help your father, but it can cause your father to be distracted and seriously injured because of you." Chu Feng loudly. Reminds me."What should we do? Is it because I watched my father's attack and watched it?" Murong Xin Yu burst into tears, and crying was particularly helpless, showing that she was really worried about her father.At this moment, the kind of harsh roar finally stopped. Upon seeing this, Chu Feng handed back Murong Xin Yu and drew solemn reminder:"Without my permission, I will not allow you to scream and shout. If your father is separated from God, you are killing his sinners."And Murong Xinyu also nodded awkwardly, because at the moment, she was really weak, but on the contrary, this teenager can calmly judge the current situation and become her mainstay, which makes Murong Xinyu not to Do not listen to Chu Feng’s words.In this case, Chu Feng concealed his breath, slowed down, and began to slowly walk deeper into the lifeblood. He did not dare to use his spiritual power because he did not know if there was any frontier spiritual division in front of him. , will be discovered, it can be a big deal.However, fortunately, after a few miles in Chufeng, there was no abnormality. On the contrary, a loud voice was introduced into Chu Feng's ear."Murongyanguan, what do you want to do? Do you want to ruin my Murongja, the foundation of five hundred years?" A voice, loud, but heavy, should be seriously injured.However, after hearing this voice, Murong Xinyu behind Chu Feng did not help but it was clear that he was his father, the owner of Baihu Villa, and Murong was in disorder.After Murong's disorganized words fell, a complacent voice accompanied him: "My brother, you're the wrong brother. I'm not ruining the foundation of my Baihu Villa. Instead, I'll let Baihu Villa return to the top! ”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!