Chapter 156 Struggles as soon as possible. "Cheats? There is actually such a thing in the world."If the eggs at the moment are already excited, then Chu Feng is absolutely excited and I do not know what to do. As the egg says, this time, he definitely got a big chance."Eggs, are you sure this is really a secret skill?" asked Chu Feng because he was in the bottom of his heart and hoped that this was the secret technique."You are skeptical about the Queen's ability. What hasn't happened to the Queen? Can you even admit that the secret technique is wrong? Your kid remembers this breath. This is unique to Cheats, and only cheats will have this breath. Eggs explained."But this atmosphere is strong and strong. Will such a strong existence be willing to submit to me?"Chu Feng was a little worried because the buzz came from all directions, but it was obviously made by one thing. The most important thing was the atmosphere, which was very deterrent and irresistible."You don't understand this, and this is where Cheats are powerful. I said that only Cheats choose people and no one can learn Cheats.""Unless that person's strength is far beyond the secret skill itself, it will be able to forcibly capture it and swallow it for its own sake. But if you can forcibly swallow the secret technique, you must at least be a Wujun-level figure.""And, not to mention the figure of Wu Jun, you can forcibly devour all cheats, because secret skills are also created by people, so there are strengths and weaknesses.""If Wu Wang created the secret technique, Wu Jun may be able to forcibly swallow it. But if it is the secret technique that Emperor Wu created, I am afraid that even King Wu could not swallow it.""And if I haven't guessed correctly, the secrets of this cemetery at the moment may well have been created by an Emperor Wu," explained the egg."What? Wu Di? Wu Feiqing Xuantian has entered the imperial realm and become a generation of Wudi?" Chu Feng exclaimed, face change, in his face clearly engraved with two words, shocked.Because after many questions from Chu Feng, the egg finally told Chu Feng the realm of Xiu Wu. Originally, Xiu Wu had a journey that was definitely more than the four realms of Spirit, Yuan, Xuan, and Tian. After these four realms, there were still Four more powerful realms.The monarchy, a generation of monarchs, who have the power to approach the realm of the world, must be able to enter this realm. They must have sufficient talents for repairing the military, which is what the world considers to be a peerless wizard.Wang Jing, who is above the environment of the king, is the real king, and deserves to be the King of Wu. If you want to step into this realm, you will not be able to step in. You must be able to step in. You must have a great chance and you must have an endless adventure. Can only enter.In the realm of divinity, it is completely beyond the realm of the king’s border. Those who can enter this realm are extraordinary. They are not heaven-sent gods, they are masters of unique blood, and they have the potential that ordinary people are not prepared to possess. They have the ability that ordinary people do not possess.It also requires numerous opportunities. Otherwise, even if its potential is high, there is no inheritance from its predecessors and it is impossible to step into this realm. It can be said that it is the true pinnacle of Xiuwu's first journey. Being able to step into this realm and become a generation of Wudi are all A generation of great people can be passed down through the ages, and they are passed down as posters.As for the ancestral environment, the egg did not disclose much. She only said something to Chu Feng. Xiu Wu has never stopped. The current realm is created by countless ancestors, but it is definitely not the final realm of Xiu Wu. .The ancestral homeland can be said to be a legend. There are few people who can enter the ancestral homeland, but no one can be sure that the ancestral homeland is the end of Xiuwu's journey, because even if those who entered the ancestral land became a generation of Wuzu, they were regarded by the world as The demon-like old monster did not stop the pace of repairing Wu, still exploring.In short, as soon as Xiu Wu is trained, Wu Zu is a legend in the known realm, because if such a character is, even if it is, it is not something that ordinary people can see. Like a god, there exists heaven and earth.On the contrary, Wu Di has become the real pinnacle of Xiu Wu's first journey. This is a lot of peerless geniuses and even God-given gods who have struggled for a lifetime and are unable to step into the realm.Chufeng was shocked by the fact that according to legend, when Xuan Xuantian died, only 15 years old and 15 years old entered the Emperor Wudi. This was too terrible, but when he thought about it, Chu Feng suddenly realized that it seemed to be finally true. Understand the significance of the deceased."What are you amazed at? The secret technique here is indeed created by a Wudi. This breath is absolutely wrong."“However, this does not mean that it was created by Qing Xuan Tian. Another legend is just a legend. There are always big differences between legends and facts. So even if this secret technique is created by Qing Xuantian, it cannot explain that he is ten. When he was five years old, he entered the imperial realm and became a generation of Wudi.""Perhaps he at that time, has long been an old man who will reach the end of his life, so he created this tomb and buried himself in it." As if he knew Chu Feng was thinking, the egg reminded."En." After listening to the analysis of eggs, Chu Feng also agreed to nod, after all, the legend is just a legend, and there will always be errors in reality.But he still admired the blue Xuantian, after all, a generation of Emperor Wu, that is not what people are able to enter the realm, not to mention Wudi, in today's Kyushu mainland, and even Tianwu territory is the pinnacle, Wu Di is simply a myth.At this moment, the roar of the world shook again, and the entire cemetery shook violently, as if a guy who was afraid of every day was going to be born."The seal must be completely solved. The secret technology must be born. You can't sit still. You can't sit still.""Chu Feng, will soon guide the spirits division here and kill him. If he chooses to make him the master, then you will miss this great opportunity. You will regret for life." Urged.At the same time, Chu Feng can feel that the air in his body has rapidly become stronger. A force that transcends the forces of the Yuan has filled every corner of the body and is basal. It is apparent that the eggs have lent her power to Chu. maple."Hey! Didn't you want to be the source of it?" At this moment, Chu Feng was also nervous to the extreme, but also did not know how to attract that division psychic teacher, casually shouted such a sentence.“Yeah” and the voice just fell, and a figure quickly flew out of that passage. It was the person in the grey robe that, although he could not see his face, he could still feel it from his eyes. Surprise and anger are killing."The grey-gown of the spirit, he really was the grey-gown division. Chu Feng took off his grey robe. Otherwise, the power of this trap will not be fully exerted. His grey-knuckle can offset the power of the trap. "The reminder of the dignified egg.And almost at the same time that the egg reminded Chu Feng, the person in the grey-gown had to say nothing. He immediately shot, and his stature jumped to Chu Feng and raised his hand and he threw it to Chu Feng. Reluctantly, it is obviously necessary to put Chu Feng to death.However, the man had just stepped onto the high platform and Chu Feng started a trap. He saw the flow of the spells on the platform and the radiance. The atmosphere of the gray robe was instantly suppressed, and his palm, Chu Feng was Easily avoided.At this moment, the person in the grey robe was also somewhat panicked. He never imagined that Chu Feng was also a division division and he also set a trap in the enchantment here. His repairs have been suppressed.And Chu Feng was an opportunity to take the shot. According to the egg, a gray-gray robe that caught the man in the grey-gowned man was as flashy as lightning. If he rushed to the thunder, he did not respond to it. The Chufeng was powerful. Big hand, is already caught in his chest.Only when Chu Feng's palm touched his body, he found it wrong and his face could not help but a little red because his right hand at the moment not only caught the grey-haired gown, but also caught a group of firm and soft."Ah~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"A harsh scream screamed and it was no longer the old, strange sound, but the voice of the woman, and the sweet, tender appearance should be a young woman.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!