The 152th chapter of the two lost their wounds. "You are right. I did come for the Secret of Jedi, but I will not share it with you. I will share it with you. I also said that I will not let Qingzhou. If you don't believe in charity, I have no idea.""Murong Yan Guan, do not talk nonsense, hands-on it." Said the gray robe people said."Daughter, if you don't let it go, don't let it go again, don't blame your big brother." Murong Yan shut his teeth and his eyes flickered, showing that he had not been able to bend his heart."You are a traitor, don't be ridiculed. Even the sixth guardians have been killed by you. They are still doing things here.""The five tigers of the White Tigers, the elites of the mountains, will all kill the traitors with me."Murong Yun was irritated. He shouted, and Xuan Li in the body rose into the sky. At the same time, the five basaltic strongmen behind him and the dozens of magnanimous warriors all had their strength in their bodies. Concurrently.The tyrannical force condenses in the air and forms a dozen large rhinos. Although these rhinoceros are all formed from the combination of Yuanli and Xuanli, they are as true and lifelike.The most important thing is that their bodies emit a layer of light that envelopes Murongyunchao and others and exudes impenetrable and unstoppable power.Suddenly, this group of rhinoceros actually emanated a fierce roar, stepped away and started to rush around. Every step he took, everything around him would tremble, as if he could crush everything and level everything.This is indeed a large array, a large array of both offensive and defensive, and this array of power and power is equivalent to the full blow of the Xuanwu six masters. The power is very scary."Dearer, you will know after the fact that my deed is really thinking about me for Baihu Villa. What I did was right." Murong Yan shut, his eyebrows creased, and he shouted: "The lineup"When this voice fell, he was headed by him. Hundreds of Yuanli all rushed out. Yuanli churned, like a sea of ​​treacherous waves, surging in the air, followed by a wave of waves, besieging the group of rhinoceros. In the end, it was turned into a fierce evil wolf.The number of evil wolfs is so numerous that they have been killed with the rhinoceros. Although the power of the wolf is not as good as that of a rhinoceros, the number is very scary.When the two are intertwined, they can no longer make a half-step. They begin to make rounds in the same place, and the harsh roars are heard. The tyrannical roaches are raging here. The earth's shaking is like an earthquake, and even a specially built rock wall. There is also a minor crack.This kind of impact is too strong. This move is also a real terror. The most frightening thing is that because of the formation method, the two sides of Xuan Li and Yuan Li are very adequate, which makes this ultra-communist front last a long time.However, no matter how strong the details are, when it finally consumed time, when these two tyrannical arrays collided for several hours, the people in Yuanwujing almost fell down. Their strength has been All were drained, and there was no trace left, as if they were dead, lying on the ground, motionless.Only Murong Yun and the five guardians behind him are still supporting. As for the Murongyan Pass, it is even more tragic. Among the hundreds of people, the only one who stood still was the two of them.The people in the grey-gown never took any action. They just watched everything quietly, and the Murong Yanguan was indeed not weak. The black sword in his hands constantly sent out strange power and instilled his body layer by layer. The strength of the game has enabled him to defeat six with one enemy."The traitor, I have consumed my life even today, but also strangle you two." Suddenly, Murong cries out loud, the body of Xuan Li as the tide generally surging out, as the volcanic eruption The power is several times faster and stronger.And the five guardians behind him are also affected by his will, and they are all pouring out of the body of Xuan Li in their own body and putting it into this battle. This is to kill Murongyan and the grey-clad man.Six basaltic masters made a full blow and formed a giant rhino in the air. The kind of prestige was no better than before."Brother, don't blame the big brother's men."Murongyan's right hand suddenly gripped, and turned the black sword into several black mists. The black mist, like a snake, drew into his right arm, a strange and powerful force that condenses out.Suddenly, Murongyan Guan suddenly punched, there is no gas condensation, but that kind of prestige is overwhelming, as if it can really punch the sky.And after such a blow and the giant black rhinoceros collided with each other, they suddenly turned into a whirlpool of horror. Because both sides were all fighting and had no reservations, so when the Xuan Li vortex swept, it was already No one can resist.Xuanli whirlpool swept through, like the end of the day, all the strong forces in the Yuanwu area were vomiting blood. Many people were stunned by the abrupt tremors. This kind of prestige is indeed not something they can afford.However, when the sinister vortex of terror ended, people discovered that everyone was still alive and well. Although they suffered some injuries, none of them was suffocated by the horrible mist of power.At this time, people were also surprised to find that the person in the gray robe was still standing, and in his hands a purple light is condensing, and soon disappeared.“Is it that you got us to save us?” Murong Yun was inconceivable. The man was clearly determined to be the secret of Jedi’s Jedi’s Jedi and how he would save their lives."I have said that this expert is a good man. He does not harm us but come to help us," Murong Yan explained."Fart, he encouraged you and my brother to kill each other. Now that I have suffered heavy casualties in Baihu Resort, all of them are thanks to him. Did you actually say that he was thinking of us?" Murong Yun yelled, and he was really foolish. Gas silly.Regarding the dispute between the two brothers, the gray-robed man ignored it. Instead, he stepped toward the lifeline step by step. Before he came to the lifeline, he began to form a battle. The lifeblood of the heart began to shrink. After the lifeblood disappeared, a black hole emerged.This is not a simple black hole. It is made of gas. It is like a black whirlpool. It slowly rotates, as if it has the power of engulfing. People just look at it and start to feel cold. It seems that if you enter it, it will never stop there. Can not come out, from this life and death.This is just such a terrible strange black hole. The gray robe is not only not afraid of it, but it is also a pleasure to sneak. Although he can't see his face, he can really feel the happy state.He walked toward the black hole, but when he came to the hole, he stopped and turned his head slightly to look at Murong Yan and said, "Your brother's right, this secret of the Jedi, so good, how can I? Share with you!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!