Chapter 167 Witches and Nine Debut: "What? He wants to challenge the Nine-Eighth on this platform of life and death?""You must sign a life-and-death relationship on the basis of the grievances and deaths. Chu Feng is really killing him.""This boy is tired of living, who is the witch nine, that is the founder of the Kendo League, the son of the Kendo family, ranked ninth in the Qinglong list, with the Master Wu Wu Xiu as the master, Chu Feng dared to challenge him?"Chu Feng's words came out like a sunny thunder. Everyone was shocked and shocked. At first, some people thought that Chu Feng was a joke, but when Chu Feng shouted a few words, “After Wu Qi died, people know that , Chu Feng This is to be true."Yuan Wu is heavy. Has this kid entered the weight of Wu Yuan?"Finally, some of the high spirited people in the field felt the repairs of Chu Feng. Yuan Wu was not very strong in the core area. But when Yuan Wu’s cultivation was on Chu Feng’s body, Some people had to make people look at Chu Feng and look at the boy again.Not to mention that Chu Feng’s age is such that he can step into Yuan Wuyi to explain what he is doing. The most important thing is that when Chu Xing has just stepped into the core area, he is obviously only a seven-in-one spiritual soldier, and in less than two months In time, he even jumped into double-education, skipped a big realm, and entered the weight of Yuan Wu. The pace of progress was simply abnormal.“This Chufeng is not simple. It turned out to be a genius. If he continues to grow, he can definitely be the number one person, but unfortunately, he is so arrogant that he actually made a dating battle with Gong Shixiong. In a year, he No matter how powerful it can not defeat Gong Shixiong.” Some people realized that the potential of Chu Feng, he felt sorry for Chu Feng."Well, why do we have to do it for one year? This will be defeated today. The relationship between Wujiu and Gong Shixiong is very good. He has long been pessimistic about him. Now he dares to ascend to life and death to challenge Wujiu. Wu Jiulu will let him go. "But there are also people who think that Chu Feng has been robbed.“Who challenged Lao Tzu?” At this moment, another burst of resounding was heard, and then a figure emerged from the crowd and finally landed on the bucket.The figure was thin, flat and tall. It was a wretched look. The nose was blinking, and his mouth was flanked by teeth. The stench could be transmitted for 30 meters. If he were to face, he could make it. The man was lying on the floor and vomiting.But don't look at this unfairly, he is famous in the core area, the founder of the Kendo League, and the ninth place on the Qinglong list."You are Wu 9?" Chu Feng eyes bright, for the first time, there are people in the world who are so wonderful.One of Wu Ji's nostrils, with a big mouth and a slap, patted the dried belly and said proudly: "I was Witch of Nine. Do you challenge Laozi?""It is not to challenge you. It is to kill you." Chu Feng laughed coldly."Well, Lao Tzu met your wish, elders, and took Zhang's life. Lao Tzu learned about this boy here today." Wu Nine pulled away the squeak and groaned to the bottom.If he speaks to the Elder of Inner Doors, that's fine, but dare to speak to the core elders, he really counts as a bile. Even many of his core disciples sucked in a cold air and thought that Feng is crazy enough to think that this witch is more crazy.However, the most irritating thing is that soon after the voice of Wuji fell, a core elder stepped out of the crowd and slowly came to the stage. He held a pen and ink in his left hand, and gave birth and death in his right hand. He came to Wuji’s In front of you."I went, what kind of identity is this witch actually able to call the elder elders like this?" Some people were surprised. The elder repair was not low, but it was Yuanwu seven-fold, two levels higher than Wuchi, but it was so Listening to the words of Wujiu really surprised people."You don't know about this. Wu Jiu was in a few days ago. He worshipped Chung as an elder from the elders and had officially received the pro-pass from the elders." Someone explained."The clock is away from the elders? But what about the weird bell?""Oh my God, Witch-Ninth actually went under his door?"Once again, people were taken aback by surprise. The clock was notorious for being defended in Qinglong Zong. If it is on its own strength, it will definitely be able to rank among the top three in Qinglong Zong, and even Protector Liu will not be his opponent.It was only that the clock was away from Yi Hu, like Zhuge Qingyun, and it was also an Elder Keqing. Therefore, there was only a title in Qinglong Zongzi. No matter what, let alone to teach the techniques of Zong内i disciple. Now Wujiu can actually worship him. Under the old man's door, it's really enviable.“The grievances and deaths can indeed be due to death or death, but there must be some grudges. Can you both have grudges?” the elder asked."He oppressed my family, can be considered grievances?" Chu Feng replied."This kid, abolishing hundreds of men's hands of Lao Tzu, isn't it a grudge?""Signature, according to blood." Said the elders.When everything is ready, the elder leaves the stage than the bucket. It seems that on the stage of the contested dynasty, only Wu Kau and Chu Feng are left."Boy, I have long wanted to slaughter you. I can't think of you being sent to the door today. I dare to face the challenge of being honest and righteous. I am not satisfied with your wish to die today. I really am sorry for your infatuation." Grip, Yuan Li surging, an exquisite sword condenses out.This sword is very beautiful. It is simply gorgeous, but it is not a real sword. Instead, it is formed by merging with Yuanli. It is a five-piece martial arts that does not lose in a variety of bows."Then let's start. I'd like to see how you meet me." Chu Feng's careless look did not put Wu Jiu in his eyes."To deal with you in this kind of stuff, as long as the sword of Laozi" Wuju a cold drink, the sword in his hand waving, facing the Chu Feng is a thorn.A sword pierced, roaring everywhere, a tyrannical Jian Qi condensed in the air, carrying a burst of breaking wind sound, fled away to Chu Feng.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!