One hundred and sixty-five chapter blood inside the door Chu Feng personally sent Chu Yue and others until the carriage carrying Chu Yue and others disappeared completely in sight. Chu Feng turned back to Qinglong Zong, but he had just entered Qinglong Zongda. At the entrance, they were surrounded by a large group of elders.It is the punishment of the people, the weakest is the repair of Yuan Wuyi. One of them is the first to step into Yuanwu. When he sees Chu Feng apart from anything else, he yells: “Give me him. Take it."At first, the elders of the penalty department did not put Chu Feng in their eyes. Only two elders came out and did not move their arms. They did not even lift their hands. They just swept the Yuan forces out of the body and wanted to use their own ambitions. The atmosphere, abruptly suppress Chu Feng.However, when their strength was pressed against Chu Feng, they did not play a role. Chu Feng was just like no one else. It was not affected by the slightest influence.At this time, Chu Feng’s body had changed, and a layer of Yuanli rushed out like a hurricane, sweeping the elders of the penalties.The powerful force was overwhelming. The elders at the penalties had not yet responded to what it was all about. They were thrown away by Chu Feng's strong breath and awe-inspiring breath. When he landed, he was pale and seriously injured.In this scene, the people onlookers can be frightened. The elders in the penal department are all Yuanwujing. Chu Feng turned his own strength into suppressing so many elders. Isn't he also stepping into Yuanwujing?"Go back and tell Liu Chengen that he wants to deal with me. Let him come." For all the complicated eyes of the crowd, Chu Feng ignored it, but after a glimpse of the elders at the penalties, he went to the Kendo League. Go direction.When he came to Jiandaomeng, Chu Feng apart from anything else, he was directly involved. Any member of the Kendo League who appeared in his line of sight would be thrust into the field by his sword, and he would destroy it.Chu Feng’s current methods, even Yuan Wu’s four weights, can easily be smashed. If a golden Thunder is displayed, killing Yuan Wu’s five-fold is like pinching an ant. Yuan Wu’s six-fold is also not an opponent of Chu Feng. What's more, these are only internal disciples in the Lingwu area.Chu Feng did not abandon their hands and feet, but only abolished their cultivation. All of them were tricks to make enemies. Although they only penetrated the other side of Dantian, when hundreds of inner-door disciples were lying on the ground, they also suffered terrible scenes. Very acceptable to people."Chu Feng is back, now is killing the ring in the internal alliance, the blood flow into the river is inside the door, even the elders can not control him, this son is too careless, he really wants to be against the Qinglong Zong ah !”What Chu Feng did quickly spread through the inner gates and even into the core area. At one time, the figures from all sides went to the inner gate and wanted to see what they were.For Chu Feng’s move, the penalties of the inner door will naturally not be ignored. Liu Cheng-en personally led a group of hundreds of elders to punish Chu Feng and shouted the slogan of killing Chu Feng. With Chu Feng having a holiday, he could just take this opportunity to knock out Chu Feng to explode his grandson, Liu Mang.People onlookers felt that Chu Feng would die without a doubt. After all, Liu Cheng'en's name was well-known among the inside doors. However, when Liu Chengen's troops reached the Kendo League, two teams of men and horses arrived at the same time. Now.It was Sulu House, in charge of Sulu, and Wuji House, under the leadership of Ouyang Elder, and Ouyang led dozens of people. Su Rou led more than a thousand people, completely suppressing Liu Chengen from an imposing manner."Su Rou, what do you mean? This is a violation of the sect. If you want to abolish the same cult, I will punish him for punishment. You as an elder of Qing Longzong actually sheltered him. You are also worthy of Qinglong. The elders?” Liu Chengen asked loudly, seemingly to make all onlookers know that it was Su Lu’s fault."Chu Feng is the core disciple. Even if he does not do what's right, it's not your turn to deal with it, because you haven't got this qualification." Su soft is not slow, just faintly glances at Liu Cheng-en and doesn't He put it in his eyes.“Elder Liu, the old man knows that you have some personal grudges with Chu Feng Xiaoyou, but I hope you will follow the rules and don’t bring personal emotions into the matter.”“Although what Chu Feng Xiaoyou did today is a bit excessive, but it is not without reason. When the Jiandaomeng suppressed the Chu League, where was your punishment and where was it?” said Ouyang Elder, even though he laughed. Soft, but words are full of irony."You ....." Liu Chengen speechless, whether it is Su Lu or Ouyang Elder, is not he can deal with, so at the moment, want to forcibly Chu Feng shot, it does not work.However, he is not worried. After all, he has to deal with Chu Feng. He is not the only one. After the people in the core area come, even if he does not, Chu Feng will never be better."Chu Feng, this time you really married the big sister-in-law. How could you repeal the repairs of so many fellow disciples? You have now alerted the entire Qinglong Emperor. Even if my sister wants to protect you, it is powerless."Sumei also came. She stood beside Chu Feng and looked at the members of the Kendo League that were being treated by the elders. It was full of worries in the United States. She was not worried about the safety of the members of the Kendo League, but worried about it. The safety of Chufeng."Now I remembered helping me. When I was not in Qinglong Zongshi, where was you and your sister when he was insulting my Chu family?"Chu Feng grumbled at the Soviet Union and the United States with some grievances, fearing not fearing, because he has now mastered the art of enchantment, as long as Zhuge Qingyun knows that he will receive him as an apprentice.In the Tsing Lung, whoever shelters him and who dares to move him? Not to mention that he had abolished the cultivation of the inner-door disciples. Even if they were killed, they were subject to minor punishments. Absolutely no one would dare to kill him."Chu Feng, you say so, you really blame me and my sister." However, when he heard Chu Feng, Su Mei was grievances and dumbed his mouth: "Oh, it is a matter for you to oppress the Chu family. , but in fact it was Gong Luyun’s instigator.”"As early as the day when the Jiandao League took action, my older sister would have to take the lead, but Gong Luyun found my sister.""He fought a fight with my sister and said that as long as my sister can overcome him, he will spare you a fate when he is in a year. But if my sister loses, he will not be too difficult for my sister. With my sister, I am not allowed to intervene in the Kendo League and the Chu League."“If my elder sister is not an elder, it is now the first disciple of Qinglongzong. Together with my Zhuque city, this is not in harmony with his Xuanwu city, so my elder sister is naturally not afraid of Gong Luyun, so he promises to test with him. Want to give him some lessons.""But I never thought, I ... my sister was defeated, and the defeat was very thorough.""Although not willing, but in accordance with the gambling agreement, my elder sister had to choose to sit idly by and can not intervene in the kendo alliance and the Chu League." Su Mei was grievances, 15 to 10 tells the truth.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!