Chapter 163 Return to Qinglong Zong. "What's wrong with you? What do you mean by this sentence? Where do you want to go?" Chu Feng was extremely nervous and had become confused. The subconscious felt that things were not going to happen. wonderful."Trick or Treat, still dare to call me eggs, said to call me the Queen of adults." Eggs sweet smile, touching, but at the moment Chu Feng seems, it is a sour heart, with a taste of indescribable."Queen, what are you doing? Tell me what's wrong. It's where I'm doing wrong. Do you want to leave me?" Chu Feng's heart was very uncomfortable and his eyes were even moist.Although he had not known a long time with the eggs, but the eggs had grown up to the present day, the two shared the same, the eggs were accompanied by Chu Feng experienced everything in the memory, that kind of feelings can not be explained by language of."Don't worry. I'm just tired. I'll just sleep for a while. Is that secret skill?" Egg asked with concern."En" Chu Feng Meng nodded."It's good to get it, and it doesn't cost me to force you to occupy your body." The more sweet the smile of the egg, but the body is more and more illusory, we can see that she has prepared for this moment."Is my body causing backlash to you? Or is it because I've exhausted my own cultivation? What exactly is this?" Chu Feng finally heard the clue, his inner regret.“Do not blame yourself. No matter what it is, it is my own choice. While cultivating, I must protect myself. Although I can't witness your first fight with Gong Luyun, I know you can win.”“Remember, I am with you. You are not fighting alone.” Then the egg’s body becomes weaker and weaker, and finally it turns out to be a few different colors of light.The light was colorful and very gorgeous. It revolved around Chufeng, just like Chu Feng, but had to make a final goodbye."How can I save you, how can I save you?"Chu Feng continued to call, but there was no response. After the light body that was wrapped around him was scattered, Chu Feng was unable to sit on the ground and his eyes became sluggish.He was very sad and heartache so completely left him, because he could not feel the smell of the egg, and his heart filled with indescribable feeling of pain, as if his soul had been halved. Go away."Eggs, I will surely save you back." After a long time, Chu Feng relived his distress, and his helpless dispersal was replaced by a determination.Although at the moment, he did not feel the smell of eggs, but his contract with the eggs is still in the sector, which shows that the eggs are not dead, there must be ways to allow the egg to wake up.Although he did not know this method, he did not know that the other spirits did not know. Therefore, Chu Feng must return to Qinglong Zong and turn to Zhuge Liuyun for help. In short, he must save the eggs at any cost.After the decision, Chu Feng did not hesitate. He first searched carefully at this cemetery and wanted to find some treasures that Murong had left undisturbed. However, he discovered that except for the spell lines that had been cracked by the Ziyi girls, they found that There is nothing.In desperation, Chu Feng had to take the purple girl from there, and the powerful gray-gown was taken out and looked carefully. It was found that this thing was really not simple. It was definitely a valuable item. Maybe it will be able to sell a good price in the future. In exchange for some of the beads for cultivation.Into the black hole, after a dark suction guide, Chu Feng came to the White Tiger Mountain somewhere, set the sights, but also saw the war invaded the White Tiger Villa, but now there is no sound of shouting before, the battle seems to have been Calm down.Chu Feng did not bother with these things. Instead, he found the horse before it and returned to Qinglong. The Baihu Mountains were closed. The weak people could hardly leave, but after inquiries, Chu Feng found a way out. Fan turnover, finally returned to Qinglong.Only at the gate of Qinglong Zong, it was discovered that a group of people was there. When they looked closely, the original disciples at the inner door were madly hitting two people.Hit the people, is the Qinglongzong door, a famous organization, a member of the Kendo League, and that was beaten by two more familiar faces, is a pair of brothers Chu, Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen."Why, you told you to get out of the Qinglong Emperor. You dare not listen. I will not let you roll. I will not let you roll. I will hit you."The members of the Kendo League beat him while they were playing, but Chu Cheng and Chu Chuen were sulking, holding their heads in both hands and allowing them to beat and humiliate again, but refused to ask for a few words.“Oh, Khan Daomeng is too deceitful to bully the Chu family all day. The elders don't care. The Chu family also survived in Qinglong.”"Who can blame this, blame only the Chu family of Chu Feng, who let him offend my first disciple of Qinglong Zong, Gong Luyun Gong Shixiong.""Yes, who does not know Gong Shixiong is the future master of Qinglongzong and offended Gong Shixiong, and offended Qinglong Zong. That's why Chu Feng was audacious." The people onlookers point to the point, and the members of the Kendo League It is even more fierce."Mom, beg for Lao Lai to beg for mercy, or I will abolish your cultivation." Suddenly, a member of the Kendo League, pulled behind the mysterious iron sword, pointing to Chu Cheng."Oh, you kind of abolished my cultivation. When Chu Fengdi returned, he wouldn't let you off." Chu Chucheng wickedly, despite his fear of color on his face, he refused. Soft clothing."Yes, all these days, all those who oppressed my Chu family, we all remembered in my heart. When Chu Feng comes back, you don't even want to escape." Chu really growled loudly, as if to tell these things. The grievances of the days."Chu Feng? You really can see him. He had already offended Gong Shixiong and ran away with his tail. You are still waiting for him to rescue you. It is a ridiculous dream." The members of the Kendo League sneer again and again."Well, you are waiting, you will sooner or later have you cry that day." Chu Chengcheng mouth, a large sticky sputum will spit in the clothes of the members of the Kendo League."Damn, you're really tired. I'll abandon you now. I'd like to see, that's how Chufeng found me." The Kudo members angered, raised their swords, and stabbed Chu Tantian. .However, when the screams began to sound, all onlookers were surprised.Because at this moment, it was not Chu Zhen who fell to the ground, but the member of the Kendo League, and in his body, he also stepped on a big foot, and the big foot twisted back and forth in his back, and he could hear broken bones. The sound is crackling.After seeing the owner of the Bigfoot, people suddenly changed their faces. Someone even exclaimed: "Chufeng!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!