Chapter 166 Which is the Witch of Nine? "That Gong Lu Yun, defeated your sister?!"Chu Feng was a bit surprised and he had seen Su Lu's means. Although he was a basalt player, he was a top performer in a basaltic player. After all, he was almost the first disciple.Now, Gong Luyun is also a basalt player. He can defeat Su Lu, and at least shows that, in terms of means, Gong Luyun should be stronger than Su Lu."Not only defeated my sister, even the elders of Ouyang, but also lost in his hands." Su Mei will look, and not far from the Ouyang elders."Even even Ouyang elders also lost?" Chu Feng's brow wrinkled even more.The energy of the elders of Ouyang was not known to many because the old man was deeply hidden, but he learned in Sumei Bar that the elders of Ouyang had stepped into the Xuanwu territory many years ago and are now attacking Xuanwu. It is a true basalt heavyweight.Su Rou was closely related to the elders of Ouyang and had discussed it with the elders of Ouyang. Although the two were inseparable from each other, in fact, it was Elder Ouyang who gave Su Lu a hand.And Gong Luyun, even defeated Su Lu and Ouyang elders in a row, which made Chu Feng suddenly realize that Gong Luyun did not seem as simple as he thought."Chu Feng, the elders who were huddled in the core area did not come. Let's go and go to my Zhuque city. It will surely save you nothing." Su Meixi quietly said in Chu Feng's ear."This is what you mean, or what does your sister mean?" Chu Feng asked with a smile."It's my sister's meaning. It's what I meant. We don't want you to have something." Su Mei's eyes are filled with the color of entreaties. She is really afraid of Chu Feng's guilty and stay here to die."You two are very nice to me."Chu Feng grinned and held out his big hand. The beloved rubbed Su Mei's soft hair. Then he stepped and walked outside the crowd.At this moment, the pent-up feelings in Chu Feng’s heart had vanished completely because he knew that Su Lu’s sister, Su Mei’s sister, did not ignore the Chu family, but she had a lot of hardships. It was still for him."Chu Feng, where are you going?" Upon seeing this, Su Mei caught Chu Feng because she discovered that Chu Feng had to go in the wrong direction."Witch 9 treated me like Chu family, I can not let him ignore it?" Chu Feng faint smile."What? Are you crazy? Do you actually want to go to the core area and challenge Wujiu?" Sumei was scared by Chu Feng's words. However, Chu Feng could not hold back anymore. In an instant, Chu Feng had already jumped out of the crowd. Rush to the core area."Chu Feng must run and catch him.""Su Rou, you are interested in sheltering this son. Today, I will defamation to the Lord."Upon seeing this, Liu Chengen was panicked. Chu Feng had a good idea in Qinglong Zong. He wouldn't have escaped death, but if Chu Feng ran away, he wanted to put Chu Feng to death, which was really hard to say.In this case, both Su Lun and Ouyang elders were very happy. Not only were they not chased, they took the opportunity to disrupt their lives. They were ordered to interfere with Liu Cheng'en's men and to shield Chu Feng from his escape.However, when they discovered that the direction of Chu Feng's escape, the joy of the two men's faces could turn into a black line on the head. Chu Feng had to flee here. He simply sent himself to the net and went to die."This guy, how is it so people don't worry."Su Mianqi's face was red and red and he stood at the same place and slammed his feet and thought for a moment. After Jiaoqu had a vertical position, he chased the past to Chufeng, and the elders of Ouyang were no exception. They followed and rushed past and wanted to see Chu. Maple, what is it to play?Chu Feng's speed was very fast. He quickly entered the core area from the inner gate. After entering the core area, Chu Feng did not stop but came straight to a square.The square is round, and the building is very chic. At the very center, it is a huge fighting field. It is red than the fighting field. It is like the blood stained, it is very garish.In the center of the Debutment Hall, there is a red bell. There is a big sign hanging above the big clock.The Chu Feng monkey like a monkey leapt up and came to the great bell. Even before it hit the bell, the bell lingered and almost resounded through the entire core area. Soon it attracted the attention of the core disciples because they could all listen. Out, this is the bell of life and death.Life and death platforms, such as their names, grudges, deaths and deaths, Qinglong Zong Although there are rules, but as long as the two disciples have grudges that cannot be resolved, they must be able to board here if they are to live and die. However, they must sign before this. Under the dead.Any person who dares to strike the big bell on the stage of life and death shows that someone is going to fight for life and death. This scene is the excitement people most want to see. At this moment, almost all people in the core area are here. The elders also came a lot."Look, that's not Chu Feng. He wasn't just killing the inner door. How dare you come here?""This kid is too bold and daring to offend Gong Shixiong and madly kill the inner disciple. Now he ran to life and death again. What is he going to do?"Chu Feng’s name has already rang through Qinglong Zong, and even the portraits have spread. Everyone can recognize Chu Feng. They are confused by Chu Feng’s actions. At this moment, more people have an idea. It's killing.While this grievance was born and died outside the Taiwan strait, on the occasion of the vast sea of ​​people, Chu Feng stopped knocking that big bell, stood upright, and shouted loudly at the crowds below. “Which is Wujiu, come to death! ”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!