Chapter 161 Xiu Luo Chu Feng was suppressed and completely suppressed by the young girl in purple. Although he was so unwilling, there was no way."Chu Feng, give me your body and let me win this horrible gimmick for you." But at this time, the egg's voice rang again, and the tune was even more filled with Some kind of determination.“What?” Chu Feng had not yet responded, and felt a powerful force rushing out of his spiritual world. He was attacking his consciousness and trying to occupy his body.This force is very powerful and even terrible. It is like an abyss from darkness. It gives a feeling of darkness and coldness. But at this moment, Chu Feng has not panicked because he feels a familiar atmosphere in it. Eggs.After such a long period of time, Chu Feng has been relatively trusting in the eggs. Although this girl is very strange, but it is not against him, so Chu Feng did not resist her conscious attack, but his body The mastership was handed over to the owner."Yeah." At this moment, Chu Feng only felt that an unprecedented powerful force was surging in his own body. Black arrogance radiated from the body of Chu Feng, winding Chu Feng upwards.Suddenly, the dark arrogance covered the entire tomb, and the earth began to shake violently. Even the Aura, Yuanli, and Xuanli, all of which were hidden in the air, uttered sorrow, as if feared.The dark arrogance blew in the air like a dark cloud, but how could the dark cloud have such a sense of oppression? It was like a demonic seal that had been sealed for a long time, and it had come to heaven and earth not belonging to him. This sense of oppression was on this side. Heaven and earth should not have existed."This is the ability of this guy? Why is it completely different."Purple girl pupil purple pupil flashes, she seems afraid, because she was surprised to find Chufeng's breath has undergone a qualitative change, if the previous Chu Feng is dazzling light, then at the moment Chu Feng is the darkness of the blinding, the most important The fact is that when Chu Feng burst out of the black arrogance, her breath had been completely suppressed."How could such a devil's body have such a dark power?" At this moment, even the White Tiger is changing his gaze and looking at Chu Feng's eyes. He dares not dare to take a little contempt.“Do you think that the gods and gods will be invincible in the world? Today I will let you see what you do not belong to the power of your world. Let you know what is Shura.”At the moment, Chu Feng has been controlled by eggs. He is not talking about Chu Feng, but eggs, but the purple girl and the white tiger can not distinguish between these because after all, the eggs borrow Chu Feng's body, so the words The voice is still Chu Feng."Sura? Didn't hear it. I only know the God-given God. It is the strongest system in this world. The God-given God should have been invincible."The girl in purple was obviously dissatisfied and was even angered by the words of the egg. The purple bell that enveloped her continued to send out the strong ringing tone. The ringing tone followed by a wave swept toward Chufeng, several times more violent than before. She is really angry.However, the eggs were just standing and they simply ignored it. The black arrogance was entangled in its whole body and everything could not be broken. Even the strange and powerful ringing tone was separated from the outside world and could no longer harm Chu Feng. Physically nothing."Oh." Suddenly, the egg chilled, and the black arrogance on the top of the head began to wriggle, and then countless black claws descended from the sky.Right, the claw is not a hand because it is sharp and terrible. It is a creepy thing to look at at a glance. Even if it is a hand, it is definitely not a human hand, but a devil's hand.Sharp black claws, followed by long arms, they descend from the sky, as if countless demons, the claws of terror from another world, stuck to the purple girl."Blindness, I don't think it would scare me."Purple girl purple pupil flashes, is a few palms on the hand to hit, each palm hit, can tear the air, each palm shot, will vibrate about heaven and earth, this is no longer a simple Wu Duan Wu skills, It turned out to be six military skills."Six-segment martial arts? This girl actually mastered six military techniques and practiced to this point."Chu Feng was shocked. Although his body was under control, he was still able to empathize with everything in front of him. He could feel how magical and overbearing the martial arts used by the young girl was.It really surpassed his ever-changing bow. It was undoubtedly the six-segment martial arts. The most important thing was that the six-piece martial art was played by the girl. It was clearly a thorough understanding of the esoteric meaning.At this moment, Chu Feng profoundly recognizes that the purple girl is more powerful than the purple girl. He is not as good as him. At least the strength of the two is now a difference, and it is no longer a level.However, the purple girl's martial arts is no longer strong, but it can not shake the black claws in the air. Talons do not seem to belong to this piece of heaven and earth. Nothing can destroy it, but it can destroy everything in this world.“Boom” was at this moment, a black claw descended from the sky, slammed in where the purple girl was, suddenly fluttering, and a deep palm print emerged. The purple girl could not escape and was born Shoot it down.After the “fighting and thunderstorm” again, there were countless black claws and bombardment, and the endless bombardment was on the purple girl.At this moment, the vast cemetery shook, as if it were to collapse at any moment. Even the large array of spells on the ground became bleak, and a deep pit was spreading. Everything was destroyed under the power of the egg."At that time, stop!!!!" At this moment, Bai Hu suddenly burst into tears, because he had to open his mouth. The situation in front of him was beyond his control. In this way, the cemetery would be completely destroyed. The crackdown. The great burial entrance of the emperor will no longer exist.After its opening, the eggs stopped, and the black dark clouds on top of the head began to dissipate. The black arrogance that lingered around the body began to subside, and the body's right to control once again returned to Chu Feng's hands.The strength of the egg has been pumped away. The breath of Chu Feng was restored from the basaltic double to the weight of Yuan Wu. However, when he swept around, he was surprised to discover that this indestructible cemetery was even beyond recognition.All the exquisite layouts are no longer. The only thing that is still complete is the large lines that are still in operation. It is only a burst of light that is not as bright as it used to be."Hey cough cough ...." A violent coughing cough came from the deep crater, purple girl slowly crawled out, still wrapped in her whole body purple bell, but it is also dim a lot of.In addition, her bloody red blood was slowly flowing out of her mouth. Obviously, she was also traumatized. Of course, if there were no purple bells, I’m afraid she’d already been beaten up by the egg. The meat mud.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!