Chapter 16 refused to join, "No, I just seemed to hear them say .....""Impossible, it must have been wrong."When the brother of Dragon Brothers came out, everyone on the crowd was shocked. Various complicated emotions appeared on people's faces.At this moment, people would rather feel that they were wrong, and they do not want to believe that what was previously said by the brothers and brothers is true.Because they couldn't figure out why Wing Meng wanted to recruit Chu Feng. Just as clearly, Chu Feng was still rejected by a small league. How could such a person get the favor of Wing Meng?"Chu Feng, are you willing to join Wing Meng?"It seems to know that everyone is skeptical, and Bai Long emphasized another sentence, and this time added to the tone."It's true. This is really true. Wing Meng really is soliciting the kid.""What did that kid actually do? He was invited by Wing Meng. Wing Meng is not a gathering place for geniuses. Why did he recruit such an unflattering guy?""I can't figure it out. I really can't figure it out. What's special about him? But it's really invisible. Even the little league doesn't welcome him. How could he be a strong player?"This time, the crowd completely broke the pot, everyone's eyes are concentrated in the Chu Feng's body, want to find out the differences between Chu Feng, can get Wing Meng favored places.Just because of it, they really can't see how this boy is different, but even so, people are still envious of Chu Feng.Wing Meng, the number of disciples of the aspirations, but how many talents have been rejected, this is definitely a holy place in the hearts of inner disciples.Wing Meng is the dream of countless disciples, a dream that can only be imagined but cannot be realized.But at the moment, there was a man who entered such a holy place and rounded up dreams that people could not achieve. It was how people could not be jealous."How could it be, Chu Feng this guy actually....."But now, the most ugly face, the most unacceptable to this fact, it must be Chu family.Especially Chu Wei, he was like being hammered by a heavy hammer on his head. His entire head creaked and he was confused.The same was true of Chuyue. She was standing beside Chu Feng, with a small mouth slightly open, and a pair of beautiful stars flickering, staring at Chufeng in astonishment.For the people's reaction, Dragon Brothers and brothers are satisfied to smile, they turned their gaze to Chu Feng.Compared to onlookers, they are more expecting Chu Feng's reaction and want to see Chu Feng ecstatic, as Lin Meng-like reaction.However, Chu Feng apparently let them down, not only did not overjoyed ecstasy, but not a trace of mood swings, calm face like water, and most surprising, or Chu Feng said the next sentence."Thank you for your kindness, but for the time being, I don't want to join any league." Chu Feng's faint road."I didn't listen to anything. Did he refuse?"When Chu Feng said this, the crowd who had already exploded the pan suddenly boiled to the extreme. This was a wonderful thing that countless people had dreamed of, and was turned down. This is simply incredible.In fact, to get such an answer, Dragon brothers and brothers are also slightly frowned, his face was obviously unhappy."Chu Feng, join my wing confederate and do nothing harm to your development in Qinglong Zong. Do you really want to refuse?" Bai Long advised."I'm really sorry." Chu Feng's answer was extremely firm.The White Tiger was a bit angry, but not yet waiting for its attack, he was stopped by Bai Long, who was standing beside him.Bai Long once again looked at Chu Feng and said: "Chu Feng, I hope you can think about it again."After this sentence, Bai Long turned and left, and Bai Hu took a sly look at Chu Feng, but also strode."That kid really rejected the Wingmen's invitation. Isn't he stupid?""If you look at him like that, you know it's a bun. You certainly don't know the name of Wing Meng. Oh, it's sad.""I guess he knows he will be desperate to find a block of tofu after he learns about his future strength.""I'm offending the Wing Meng in the future. I think this kid is not far from death."At this moment, all people have opened their mouths and all kinds of arguments have been heard.Even Chuyue was puzzled and asked, "Chu Fengdi, do you know what you just did? It was...""I know it's the mythological organization of Wing Meng, Inner Door.""Know it still refused, you ...." Chu Yue completely silent."I will not join an organization I don't know about, even if it is Wing Alliance."Chu Feng smiled, laughing abnormally calmly, regardless of those around the strange eyes, chic into the crowd, as if he really did not put wing alliance in the eyes of the general.Chu Yue looked at the place where Chu Feng disappeared. His look was extremely complicated and he murmured after a long time: “Chu Fengdi, I really cannot see you through.”In fact, Chu Feng was also surprised by Wing Meng’s invitation to him. However, it was this accident that made him decisively refuse. After all, he concealed a secret that could not be known.The nine-color Shenlei had once nearly destroyed the terrible things on the Kyushu continent. If they were known, that thing was actually inside the Chufeng Dantian. God knew how strong the mainland would deal with Chu Feng. Even if he broke his stomach, it was not impossible. .Soon after Chu Feng left, in a hidden area outside the square, the Dragon Brothers and Tiger Brothers stood there and stood there, and stood before them a young girl.The girl's skin is white, Liumei has almond eyes, and a small mouth, such as cherry-like pink, although the face is still young, but it is called a stunner, is definitely a standard beauty blank.However, at the moment, the girl is Liu Mei slightly wrinkled, and asked the younger brother of the dragon brother: "You mean, he refused to join my wing?""Sue Sui and Mei, we are talking about the truth." Long brother brother and brother replied in unison."It's really abominable. There are even people who dare to refuse my winglet's invitation. He is impatient to live." The girls shouted and the beautiful twins rushed into the air.“Suemei’s sister-in-law, in fact, we do not know where the boy is good, but he is, after all, the two “names” who invited us. If we are against him, I’m afraid...”"There is nothing to fear. My wing ally will invite him. It is enough to give him face. He dares to refuse. It is simply to shame his face.""If you don't let him taste something, then what is my majestic wing? This matter is left to you to deal with. You can rest assured that my sister is there on my side and I am sure that there will be nothing wrong with you.""Oh... well." Faced with the beautiful girl in front, Dragon Brothers and Tigers dared not refute a trace."And, I'll say it again. Don't call me another sister. My age isn't as big as you are." The maiden fluttered after she had seen them.Dragon brothers and brothers looked at the girls quietly away, until the shadows completely disappeared, and the two people were relieved long sigh of relief."This Nizi is too difficult to wait on, almost take us as slaves," White Tiger wiped his forehead sweat while complaining."Well, whoever makes a family identity is special. Not to mention her family background. Her sister's power at the inner door alone is enough for us to drink a pot." White Dragon smiled."Speaking of it, I prefer her older sister at least more than she.""Be gentle? You haven't seen her shy, it's almost worse than Sumei.""Oh, these two sisters called together the soft beauty, the beauty is there, but I didn't find any softness. Now what to do, we really have to deal with that Chu Feng?""Properly give him some warnings, but not too much, after all, in addition to the pair of sisters, the person also spoke." Speaking here, Bai Long could not help but sigh.Just yesterday, during the rare gathering of Wing Meng, the two big men were not invited.And, the two also made the same request, that is to let Wing Meng, invited Chu Feng to join.Although unwilling, the Wing Meng agreed, because both of them were afraid to offend.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!