Chapter 169 Madman “Look at it, this is Wu Ji’s fame stunt, deadly sword”"Oh my God, it was a deadly sword, it was over, everything was over, and when it came to a deadly sword, Chu Feng would die."Looking at the murderous lingering, the darker than the bucket, outside the field constantly exclaimed, and everyone can not calm, because some people have already recognized that this is the most powerful killing tactics of the Wujiu.This martial art is not the martial arts of Qinglongzong. It is not the martial arts of the family of Wujiu. It is the unique martial art of Wujiu, a very powerful martial art.There are many rumors about this martial arts. Some people say that this is a result of the relics of Wujiu in a certain place. Others say that this is because Wujiu was inherited by an expert. Some people even suspect that Zhong Yuanyi’s protection was to receive the Wu nine. Actually, it is because you want to master this fatal sword of Wujiu.This deadly sword, the power is quite amazing, although it is also five paragraphs of martial arts, but in fact the power is comparable to the six paragraphs of martial arts, the move only a potential, day dark, a little Hanmang passing, when the opponent is dead.And there is a rumor that when dealing with Wujiu, you must not let Wujiu make this move, because as long as Wujiu makes this move, the opponent will inevitably fall under his sword, even if it is strength in the The former cannot counter it.At the moment, the witches and ninth move one stroke, so all the people who are present at the scene feel that Chu Feng is definitely dead. Even the sisters of Su Mei and Su Lu spent the same thing, but also Liu Mei, and Jade Fist gripped tightly. Took a cold sweat for Chu Feng.Finally, in the dim state of chaos, a Hanmang emptied through a half-moon arc, and a piece of blood rushed into it. At this moment, the dimly darker than the bucket finally restored its former appearance. ."Oh my God, this....."However, when people saw the scene on the stage than the bucket, they both looked stunned, stunned, and were astonished to be astonished. Even some people shook their tongues.Because at this moment, Chu Feng is still standing on the stage than the bucket. It is said that the blood is blurry. There is no trace of a wound on the body. There is no dust on the face. It is a calm, it is called a calm, it is called a calm, It's called a kind of self-possess, it's a real free and easy ah.But again, watching the Ngau Kau, it was already knees and collapsed to the ground. Two bright red blood were rapidly flowing from his knees, intertwined and painted into a beautiful picture of blood.At this moment, all the people present were not calm, because they had thought about various miserable scenes of Chu Feng, but they did not think that the ending would be such a picture. Wu Wu of Quan Wu Wu Quan and the Ninth Wizard of Qinglong List Nine, to display a deadly sword of the witch nine, even defeated under the sword of Chu Feng, and is so thoroughly defeated."You were defeated." At this moment, the golden sword in Chu Feng's hands rested on the shoulders of Wujiu and fell on Wu Jiu's neck.Upon seeing this, people's faces have changed again and again, because they can all see that the Chu-maple eyes have emerged to see the murderousness of Chu Feng’s mouth. This is definitely not a joke. Chu Feng is really going to Killer.However, do not forget that the family of Wujiu is a kendo family. The brother of Wuji is Gongluo Yun. The teacher of Wujiu is Zhong Liyi. The three parties, no matter where they are, cannot be provoked by Chu Feng. Chu Feng dares to kill Wujiu. That is undoubtedly to find death.However, Chu Feng has moved and his sword has moved. Everyone knows that the Witch of the Nine is dead. No matter how Chu Feng's fate is, the Wu 9 at the moment is destined to be killed by Chu Feng.At this moment, Li Li suddenly rang, like a thunderbolt, and stunned. Everyone was shocked, and even the weaker ones were shocked and fainted.Looking forward, all of us are not alone. We only see an old man standing outside the life and death platform and staring at Chufeng.The old man was wearing a black robe and carrying a black long sword behind him. The person’s eye pupil was very strange, like an eagle, and at this moment, the two cold lights that he had shot all shrouded in Chu Feng. On the body."The bell is away from a protector!" The sharp-eyed person recognizes the origin of this person. It is Qingluo Zong's famous Elder Keqing, Chung Zhongyi."The clock came from a guard, and Wu Ji was saved."Wu Ji's friends and sighs of sigh of relief, because they do not think that Chu Feng dared to be in front of this person and slaughtered Wuji. They must know that this clock is a guard, but a Xuanwu strong man is in the entire Qinglong Emperor, Can be ranked on the top of the big shot.Moreover, Zhong Qi was a strange guardian character, and he was born to bear. With his character, if Chu Feng dared to kill the Wu nine, he would absolutely dare to start and kill Chu Feng."Is there something?" Chu Feng had already stopped the twitching golden long sword, faintly glanced at the clock.“This little friend, that nine is my disciple, I wonder if I can give the old man a face and spare his life?” Zhong left a guard to speak calmly, but there was no trace of implied meaning in the tone, but instead it was like an order. .“Yeah.” However, in the face of Zhong Yuanyi’s words, Chu Feng only made a cold noise, and then saw his big arm suddenly flick and a golden mang crossed it."This ...." scene scared everyone, Chu Feng not only ignored the bell from a protection of the plea, but also in front of a guard from the clock, killing the ninth.And still knocked off the head of Wujiu, this behavior is simply too crazy, crazy to some people is difficult to accept, but when Chu Feng said the next sentence, people only know what is the real madman."If you want me to let go, let me put it. What do you think you are!" Chu Feng grabbed the head of Wujiu and dismissed him from the guard.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!