The 160th chapter has been divided into purple arrogance gradually dissipated, Chu Feng slowly out of it.At this moment in his eyes, the golden thunder surges, and the human body is surrounded by a layer of human shields. The breath of the whole person is several times higher than before. The purple arrogance is beyond help."This unique atmosphere, is it that you are God-given God?" Looked at such Chu Feng, Ziyi girl's purple pupil, covered with surprise color, feeling so incredible."Interesting and interesting. I don't think that the deity had just been born. I met two heavenly gods. It seems that this deity should not be disappointed.""Battle it, fight it fast, and watch your two little devils, which is better equipped to master the power of the deity." Compared to the purple girl's surprise, the White Tiger is ecstatic."Shantou, even so fierce, then do not blame Xiao Ye I do not know how to pity Xiangxi Yu." Chu Feng Variety bow pull again, this time the momentum is completely different from the previous.Above the golden arrows, there is a layer of golden lightning wrapped around it. The power contained in it is several times stronger than before.Chu Feng shot an arrow and even the air was torn out of a black line. It was also like the purple flaming iron wall of the wall. At this moment, like tofu, only heard the roar of the roar, the road ran out and the golden arrows were overwhelming. It was the girl in purple that came near.However, what Chu Feng could not think of is that in the face of Chu Feng's head-on shot, the purple-dressed girl actually did not hide and hide, but the pure white jade hand sprang out like a bolt of lightning, and even caught the golden arrows in his hands.Then I saw only a slight grip and only listened to the sound of a bang, and the golden arrows of lightning bolts were scattered in the palm of my hand, failing to burst into destructiveness."It's a good idea. I have to look at it. Next, what are you going to do?"Chu Feng walked away and began to pull the bow. The golden arrows were still very powerful. They only changed from one team to several teams. They were densely crowded and obscured from the front to the girl's oppression."I think it's amazing, but it's just a matter of lifting one layer of cultivation, the most powerful measure, or the five-piece Wuji technique."The girl's mouth was slightly upturned, and a satirical smirk was raised. Then she saw her purple eye pupil blinking continuously. An invisible breath spreaded around and took the whole tomb as the center.After this atmosphere appeared, Chu Feng immediately felt a great deal of pressure, and the pressure was still very strong. Even the bow of Chu Feng’s hands became extremely heavy, and there was no sharp momentum before. ."This strength is so strong. What method did she use?" Chu Feng was surprised because he discovered in horror that in the face of this force, his golden arrows were all solidified in the air and were bound by the other's power. , is not under his control.However, this was not finished. In the atmosphere of terror, after wave after wave, and sweeping away, a purple bell appeared out of the body of the teenager.No, it's not a big clock. To be exact, it should be a bell, a purple bell, with a special texture on it, as if it were alive and changing. Just because the volume is too large, it will be like a big one. Bell, guarding the young girl in it.Suddenly, the purple bell swayed slightly, a bell sounded, and all the sounds were replaced. All things were silent, and the only thing that could be heard was the special ring.While the bell sounded, the golden arrows that had been fixed in the sky were all shattered. Even Chu Feng felt a great impact. A pressure from all sides was penetrating his body and suppressing it. With his pubic region."Hateful, this power is very different." Chu Feng clenched his teeth, and turned the body's dark resistance to resist, finally resisted that strange power, but at the moment he was already sweating again, without the previous calm."Worthy, this girl has mastered the power of God-given God. This is her unique power. The power that Heaven has given her and the special ability of God-given God have been grasped by her." At this moment, the egg cannot stabilize. The sound is full of panic."Haha, it's funny, it's so funny. At such an age, we have the potential power in the body? This kind of qualification is only worthy of the deity's heritage." And the White Tiger is even more excited."How, only this ability can you really be a god-given deity? Or is it just a matter of special means to impersonate a god-given deity?" The young girl took a step forward, and then she blew her purple bell. Ringtones.Every time that bell sounds, Chu Feng will be attacked by that strange force. He must resist all his efforts, or he may be obliterated by that force.“Impersonate the God-given Demon?” and heard the girl as saying, the White Tiger also has a suspicion, although the golden Thunder of Chu Feng is very special, but it can not represent that God-given God, the unique power.Because at this moment, the repair of Chu Feng was doubled in Xuanwu, and the young girl was only in Xuanwu. Chu Feng displayed five military techniques. The young girl relied on her own ability from the beginning to the end, completely suppressing Chu Feng.This is the momentum that the God-given God possesses, and with its own strength, it suppresses the strength of the same generation, the heavenly power, the unparalleled body, and is destined to dominate the great man.The bell rang again and again and again, and the young girl was getting closer. Chu Feng turned the body of Xuan Li to resist the strange power that struck the body, but he also began to lose it. If the girl then launched another attack on him, he would There will be no doubt."Abominable, damn god mine, don't be trapped in my pubic region. Come out and lend me your strength." Chu Feng shouted in his heart because he didn't want to lose. He couldn't lose. He couldn't miss this secret. Can't die here.But no matter how he shouted, there was no response from the thunderbolt in the body, as if he could not hear him at all.For this kind of situation, Chu Feng was extremely weak. He was so weak for the first time that he was forced to such a situation by a young girl who was younger than herself.To know that at the moment he was able to compete with the girls, it is entirely with the power of the egg, if relying on their own cultivation, I am afraid that long ago was directly obliterated by the girls.For the first time, he realized that he was not yet invincible in the world. In the same generation, he was also higher than his talent and stronger than his strength. He was so vulnerable before him."Sure enough, it's bluffing. I'm not saying you're not a God-given deity. Even if you're a God-given deity, you're weak in your ability to get home. In front of me, you're vulnerable."The girl sneered and sneered again and again, and she was arrogant and disdainful in her discourse, but she did indeed possess such arrogant capital.At this moment, the white tiger in the air that was set in the air lifted a satisfying arc in the corner of the mouth. Although it was still watching all this quietly, it had lost its former interest, because it felt that this contest, Winning and losing pointsThis book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!