Chapter 164 full of anger "Chu Feng, turned out to be him, he actually dared to come back?"After these days, Chu Feng's name has long since rang inside and outside Qinglong Zong. Even nearby Zongmen have already heard of Chu Feng's name.After all, Gong Luyun’s strength can be regarded as the best. Even many of the core disciples of the First Sect cannot dare to offend him. Therefore, when he learned that someone had challenged Gong Luyun, it did cause a lot of repercussions.Because of this, many good people are very eager to know what looks like Chu Feng, and there are good people, they painted a portrait of Chu Feng, and even sold the price, so now in Qinglong, almost no one does not know who is Chu Feng. And almost no one does not know what Chu Feng looks like.But at this moment, the most surprising thing was that Chu Feng dared to appear in Qinglong Zong, but when Chu Feng made the following move, these people were completely shocked.When Chu Feng grabbed a single hand, he inhaled the mysterious iron sword in his hands, and his back suddenly turned against him. Between his blood, he inserted his back into his pubic region.The member, screaming first, was like a deflated ball and he couldn't move on the ground. At this moment, he had only two words in his heart and it was over.When his aura within Dantian was rapidly escaping outwards, and left him alone to cohere, he could not control. He knew that his cultivation had been abolished, and all that had been cultivated so hard for so many years was all. Turn it into nothing."you you....."To see such a scene, the most surprising thing is that there are several other members of the Kendo League team. They face Tiqing and see Chu Feng's eyes full of fear."You don't want to know. How will I deal with you? Now I will let you know. I am dealing with you about Chu Feng."Chu Feng face cold, the hands of Xuan Tie suddenly violently shaking, in front of those few people even thorn number, Hanmang passed, and that several members of the Kendo League, have not reacted, they all felt a pain in Dantian.Looking down the horizon, all were shocked. After a tragic slam, they all fell down. Dantian had been punctured, and Aura was leaking. He had been suffering for many years and was lost today."Oh my God, Chu Feng actually abolished the repairs of the members of the Kendo League. He was too bold."For this scene, the onlookers exclaimed and felt that Chu Feng was too bold. Because the rules were strictly prohibited and they were not allowed to kill the fellows and abolish the other side. Chu Feng’s move was severely punished.At this moment, even Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen had some panic, although they knew that with Chu Feng’s temper, they would indeed retaliate against these people who had bullied them, but they did not think that they would do so excessively. The other party's repair was abandoned."Chu Cheng Chuzhen, now I Chu family, are still in Qinglongzong it?” Chu Feng simply ignores everyone's eyes, but to look at the real brother who is climbing from the ground.“In order to avoid unnecessary insults, Chu Xue’s other family members have already returned to the Chu family. Originally, Chu Wei’s brother left Chu Yue’s sister, but Chu Yue’s sister refused to leave her life and said she would stay here and wait. You come back and preside over us.""So in today's Qinglong Emperor, besides our two brothers, Chuyue and Chu Wei's big brother are also all."“But in the early morning, Big Brother Chu Wei was severely injured by them. His hands and feet were broken. We turned to the elders for help. The elders took no action and refused to heal.”"In desperation, our brothers had to go down to buy medicine, but they couldn't think of being blocked by them at the door." Chu Cheng told me about the whole process.“Elders Surou and Elder Ouyang? How do you not ask them for help?” Chu Feng was surprised. Inside the door, if other elders said that his Chu family was down, but Su Rou should not sit idly by. Correct."I have found them. They are all just right. They are no longer in the Dragon King." Chu Cheng shook his head helplessly."How could this happen?" Chu Feng frowned and felt that things were not as simple as using Su Lu's means. Even if she had something to leave Qinglong, he would order his men to take care of him. The situation is obviously wrong.“Take me to see Chu Wei's brother!” After a moment of contemplation, Chu Feng opened the way.Chu Feng trio, all the way fast, and soon came to the place where Chu Wei lived, this well-preserved palace, is dilapidated, and even the door was knocked out, and into it, it is full of messy.The tables and chairs were broken up, and there was almost no completeness. It was like a broken temple, but it was obviously made to look like this.Chu Feng's fists couldn't help but clenched. The anger in his heart began to stir. He couldn't think that the people of the Kendo League would do so excessively. Even after they couldn't think of this degree, the elders still ignored it and ignored it.“The places we live in have all become like this, but compared to the palace where you lived before, we are still quite good. The palace where you live has long been burned down by people.” Chu Cheng was on the sidelines. Said."On these days, whoever is there for you, only the people who have kennel alliances?" Chu Feng asked, as he walked upstairs, he noted that he had to deal with people who had crossed the Chu family while he was there."Well, although everyone gives us a look, but the only real hands-on person is the Kendo League, the founder of the Kendo League, Wuji, is the ninth player on the Qinglong list.""He is a close friend of Gong Luyun. The Kendo League is so targeted at us. On the surface, it is arranged on the surface of the Wuchi. But in reality, Gong Luyun was bad for us." Chu Cheng said."How do you know these?" Chu Feng suspects, as Chu Cheng, it is difficult to know these things."It was Sumei's sister who told us." At this moment, the voice of Chu Yue was uploaded on the stairs.Looking up and watching, Chu Yue was standing there, still sweet and pleasant, but his face was emaciated and there was some bruise on his forehead."Chu Yuejie, they even hit you?" Chu Feng asked.Chu Yue did not speak, but took Chu Feng and walked upstairs. It was equally messy and the windows were broken. It was not a place where people lived.And in the corner of this room, there was an assembled bed, Chu Wei lay there, wrapped in upper bound bandages, closed his eyes, and continued to sneeze in "comfort".Chu Feng was gloomy and did not speak. Instead, he looked at Chuyue in front of him. Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen. Chu Yueh said, Chu Cheng and Chu Chu could not have been a good place, except for the place that had just been wounded. You can also see the traces that were hit in the past.Chu Feng is imaginable. What days they passed and what day they passed, and why they stay here, suffered and suffered, all for Chu Feng.It was for them that Chu Feng held on to the dignity of the Chu family. At least everyone knew that even with this kind of insult, the Chu family would not bow. Even if the Chu family could not resist, they still had at least one bone."Chu Yuejie, you took Chu Wei's brother back to the Chu family, took this and took the family of Chu first and then transferred them to Zijin City. There is Chen Hui's protection. I can still feel at ease." Chu Feng made his own purple gold The card was handed over to Chuyue."Chu Fengdi, you? Do not you go?” Chuyue stared at Chu Feng, like asking Chu Feng.Chu Feng did not escape Chuyue's gaze, but smiled lightly and said: "I want everyone in Qinglongzong to know that my family in Chu is not so bullied."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!