Chapter 162 The purple girl, who inherited Ziyi, stared at Chu Feng with a very complicated gaze. From that gaze, Chu Feng could see that she could not be reconciled and could not be reconciled to losing to Chu Feng.However, Ziyi Girl did not give Chu Feng any more, and she did not complain, but said in a subtle way: "I lost."At this time, the white tiger in the air entrenched in the air lifted its powerful claws and waved it in the air. A wave of volatility ignited and a black hole emerged.It looks like the entrance of this cemetery, except that the entrance to the cemetery is tiled on the ground, and the black hole is erected in the air."You go, don't come here again." White Tiger said to the purple girl.Then he looked at Chu Feng with a deep meaning. The gaze filled with a satisfying look, although the power displayed by the previous egg was extremely dark, it could be said to be disturbing, evil, but powerful. The strength of the tiger is exactly what White Tiger wants his master to possess."We will meet again. The next time I will beat you, even if you have a trick to help, I will certainly not lose." Ziyi girl glanced at Chu Feng, blinking a touch of stubbornness in the eyes, and then Jiaoqu One vertical jumped into the black hole and disappeared.At this moment, Chu Feng could not help sighing with relief. The purple girl was too powerful. If it wasn't for the eggs, he would have no doubt. He really couldn’t imagine that there would be such an enchantment in Qingzhou, which was just as strong as Qingzhou. The top strong players fight.After the young girl left, the White Tiger closed the black hole and then opened a black hole on the other side. He told Chu Feng: “You two are rare talents. Not to mention she is a girl. You let her go."Hearing the words of the White Tiger, Chu Feng smiled heartily. He was naturally able to hear that the White Tiger was afraid that Chu Feng hated and killed the girl. Because at the time of the White Tiger, Chu Feng’s strength was indeed stronger than that of the young girl, but in reality it was not in this way.“The younger generation promised the older generation to meet the girl again in the future. Even if she was against me, I would only point it out and never take her life.”Chu Feng pledged to promise that he already knew that Bai Hu was going to teach his skills to him. At this time, he must treat him with words."No, if she really cares about the things of the day and she is forced to you, you don't have to leave behind. After all, you are the one who inherits the deity."Bai Hu shook his head. It seemed to indicate that Chu Feng misunderstood what he meant. Then he burst into a roar. The cloud-like body slammed into the shaking of the tigers and began to impact Chu Feng's brain.At this moment, Chu Feng’s brain was tingling with pain, because huge information was flooding into his mind. This information was so huge that he could not compare all the martial arts he had read.What is most formidable is that when this information comes to mind, it is absorbed by Chu Feng's mind, digested, and fully grasped. At the same time, the white tiger's voice has always been heard in Chu Fengfeng."Boy, remembering the deity, the deity is called the White Tiger attack and is the most critique attack. It is not comparable to the ordinary skill.""The deity of today taught you my ability, but it does not mean that the power of deity will allow you to control.""Although your ability is strong or weak, it can affect my strength, but if I don't approve of you enough, you can't play the power of the deity.""So you must remember that you must not use the power of the deity to be evil. You are guilty of blasphemy, but innocent people cannot be killed, and the latter can be eliminated, but you cannot kill innocent people indiscriminately."Bai Hu's voice lingered in Chu Feng's ear. In addition to warnings against Chu Feng, he also told the characteristics of Chu Feng's secret skills.The power of Cheats is naturally good, but it is not that Chu Feng can play at will. As for the extent to which it can be used, it does not all depend on the self-cultivation of Chu Feng, but also on the degree of recognition of Chu Feng by secret techniques.In other words, even if the secret technique is given to Chufeng body, as long as Chu Feng does not die, the secret technique will be used for Chu Feng for life. However, the secret technology is still alive, although it can no longer speak in the future, but its spirit is still there. Can control, own strength, entrusted to Chu Feng how much.The white smoke around Chufeng has gradually become less, and the white tiger's words have gradually faded, but the smoke has been dispersed. When the words are not seen, the secretive technique of the White Tiger attacking and destroying is completely integrated with Chu Feng."Baihu attack and killing, let me Chufeng come to know your power."Chu Feng's interest has grown and his hand has been raised, and a white mist has spilled from his fingertips. This white mist seems to be weak, but it actually contains extremely powerful power.Listening to the sound of “砰” sounds like an arrow. It bursts from Chu Feng’s fingertips, and the speed is faster than Chu Feng’s sight. It’s lightning fast, and it’s as fast as a meteor. The sneak into the walls of the cemetery.This cemetery was made of a special texture. Although the previous power and power had already scarred this place, it had not yet collapsed and the wall was still intact. However, the finger of Chu Feng directly penetrated the wall and it was quite powerful. amazing."Wonderful, egg, see it, I got the secret technology of white tiger attack surgery, this secret technology in hand, unexpectedly, I am afraid that Lingwu seven heavy, will also be killed by me."Chu Feng is ecstatic. The power of this white tiger attack is too tyrannical, and the power is almost impossible to resist. Unless the opponent's speed is far better than him, no one can resist the attack of the White Tiger attack."Eggs? Eggs!!!"But at this time, Chu Feng's face has changed greatly, because if he can communicate and call again, they will not get the egg's response, which can make Chu Feng panicked.I quickly sat cross-legged and sat, and cast my consciousness into the spiritual world. When he stepped into the spiritual space, the flustered face was even more shocked.Because of his horrifying discovery, the face of the egg is pale at this moment, and even the body becomes unreal, as if it were turned into god consciousness and is lying in the center of the hall of the spiritual space. The breath is very weak."What's wrong with you, egg!!"Chu Feng was completely panicked. He threw himself in front of the egg and tried to pick it up. However, he found his arms crossed the delicate body of the egg, as if the egg was unreal at the moment.And it seemed that she had felt Chu Feng's move. The eyes and closed eggs were slowly opening their eyes. Her slender eyelashes quivered slightly, her eyes broke into two sweet crescents, and the corners of her mouth set off a fascinating arc. The extremely weak voice:"Chu Feng, you stupid, I am afraid I will leave for a while and I will not be practicing with you."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!