The one hundred and sixty-eighth chapter of the deadly sword and slashes the air and the forces around it move. This is not martial arts, but it is more like martial arts. It is a random sword of the Wujiu, but that kind of power is definitely not weaker than ordinary martial arts. ."Absolutely, Wujiu was the founder of the Jiandaomeng, and it was too strong for swordsmanship."Wujiu had one move, and the people watching him all exclaimed that even many of the core elders were unwilling to nod their heads and gave higher evaluations.However, compared to the Wujiu swordsmanship, more people are staring at Chufeng because they all want to see how Chufeng died.However, Chu Feng was obviously trying to disappoint them. As the Jian Qi was close to Chu Feng, he saw Chu Feng waving his sleeves. The layer of Yuan Force fluctuates, and he actually collapsed the layers of Jian Qi. Eventually completely dispersed."I rely on it, isn't it, then Chu Feng actually solved the sword of Wuji?"This scene, Lingwu territory may not understand, but Yuan Wujing can be seen clearly, Chu Feng is using his own Yuan Wu Wu Yuanyi, easily resolved, Wu Jiuyuan Wu Wuzhong Sword gas."This child was so powerful that it was a matter of repairs by Yuan Wu. He broke Wu Wu's attack and it was too unreasonable." An elder could not bear to exclaim. Chu Feng's method was indeed a bit tricky. people."A big fuss, a weaker and stronger player has not been defeated. According to legend, when I was young and the Qing dynasty founder of the Qing Longzong Emperor had defeated Xuanwujing in the battle of Yuan Wujing, it was really a weak victory." Another The chief elders disdain."Nonsense, I opened up the founder naturally. After all, his old man was the first master of my Kyushu continent. But this Chu Feng can do this level, and does not mean that this son is also a genius?""This .... you really say is like this, the talent of this son, but also be regarded as a genius, but I see that the witch nine did not do their best, it is still too early to conclude." The two elders once again see On the occasion of Chu Feng, his eyes were more dazzling."Is your sword too weak? Are there other means?" After resolving the attack of Wujiu, Chu Feng shouted."Oh, in that case, I'll let you know. How terrible I am after being serious."Wu Ji coldly gave a bang, the sword in his hand lifted, suddenly waved upward, a huge half moon will emerge out, chop away to Chu Fengfei."Five paragraphs of martial arts, half moon!""No, it's not a simple half moon, but a five-piece martial art that is displayed on the premise of Wudang Wuji. This is a double martial art."The half moon emerged. Some people were taken aback. At first glance, they recognized Qinglong, a powerful martial art. This martial art must be used as a sword. If it is successful, Jian Qi will be as beautiful as a half moon, brilliant and eye-catching.The Wu Yueji's half-moon performance has not only achieved Dacheng, but also used the long sword that was formed by Wu Duan Wu Ji. It is such a half-moon, and the power is rather devious. It is by no means an ordinary person able to resist.At this moment, all of them once again turned their attention to Chu Feng. Half moons, whether speed or power, are very good. They will explode with the ideas of the casters and hide them.Faced with the eyes of countless people, Chu Feng was smiling and was not in a hurry. He did not wait until the moment when the half moon came near, he slowly raised his right arm and punched himself.A punch blows out, Yuan Li has been fighting around, and the mighty mighty force has swung like a whirlpool on the bucket.“嗡” After the half-moon broke loose in a fist, Chu Feng was single-handedly held and a shining golden sword arose in his palm."Your means are too weak, or let you see, my means."With a long sword in his hand and his foot up to the thunder, Chu Feng was almost instantaneous and flitted to Wuji's body.At this moment, Wujiu was also overshadowed, because at this moment, in this distance, he finally felt the strength of Chu Feng, the sense of oppression, where is still a simple Yuan Wu weight, simply not weaker than him.However, Wu Jiu is, after all, the genius of the kendo family. First of all, he did not say that he had established the Jiandaomeng. He was able to be treated as a disciple by Zhong Liyi alone, which has shown his excellency.In his hands, the long sword quivered, such as the snakes, and drove away the golden long sword of Chu Feng. Then he backhanded his sword and swept toward the throat of Chu Feng."Oh, this is a little bit of meaning."Chu Feng smiled and was provoked by layers of warfare. He was not retreating, relying on the sense of spiritual power, the tactics of the dynasty and holding the golden sword, and the Nine-ninth warfare in one place.The swords and shadows are radiant and radiant. Every time they confront each other, they will become one of their energies. They will swell and rag at the stage than the buckets. However, the two will be as daunting swordsmanship, sometimes attacking, and sometimes defenseless. The people watching see it dry and boiled.“Well, wonderful swordsmanship, Wu Jiu will not say it, and he cannot think that Chu Feng has such a high attainment in swordsmanship.”"That Chu Feng was so powerful that he was able to use Yuan Wu's heavy cultivation as a matter of urgency. This is the extent to which the Yuan Wu and Wu Wu Jiu were at war." People were stunned and many disciples were convinced by Chu Feng's performance.This is where the legendary waste is simply a genius that has never been seen before. With a major battle in Yuanwuwu, Wuyuan is a five-letter champion and even a four-fold rebuilt. This talent makes one feel obliged to serve."This guy, actually can really push the Witch of Nine to this extent, how to see him every time, he will become stronger than the last time, and will be strong so much, how did he actually practice, how will improve So fast."However, compared to others, Su and the United States are full of complexities. She suddenly found that the gap between her and Chu Feng is so large. Unconsciously, she has been thrown far behind by the other party. It is a touch. Less than."Well, you are too tall to see Chu Feng. Don't you see that Wuji was playing Chufeng at that time. Didn't try her best? After the Wujiu seriously, Chu Feng would lose no doubt."However, some people think that the reason why the two men can now reach this point is because Wujiu did not do its best.These are mostly people who are tired of Chu Feng. They wish that Chu Feng will die and that the worse he will die, because in their hearts, they will not admit that Chu Feng is a genius."Enough is enough, I have enough for you to play with. Then let you see my stunt and lethal sword."Suddenly, Wujiu shouted loudly, and then the sword swiftly began to disappear. The whole person disappeared. However, when it disappeared, a powerful Jian Qi was condensed around Chufeng. It's dim.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!