179th chapter Chu Feng Xianwei "master, that righteousness said, or do not break the facilities of the Society of the Society as well.""Just in case the Master also sets up the enchantment, I fear that the enchantment of the deaf will not be destroyed and I will be destroyed."Chu Feng said loudly, and his open-mouthed voice made the seven-star old man's eyebrows stand on his face and grimaces, but his disciples would soon be able to crush him and put pressure on him. Down.Zhuge Liuyun who knows Chufeng somewhat understands the meaning of Chu Feng's words naturally, and is not ignorant. He even puts on a triple enchantment in a row. He will put Chu Feng from the foot to the top of the head. It's hard to kill, but it's equally hard for others to attack.“Come on paparazzi, let Xiao Ye look at your flower punches and embroidered legs!” Chu Feng gestured to Yang Tzu."I went to your mother's paparazzi!" was called by Chu Feng, then Yang Tsai was furious, and he punched and punched out. Yuanli condensed and faced Chu Feng.However, in the face of his attack, Chu Feng did not move his feet, even the eyes did not blink, his mind came out of the energetic force, and formed a boundary wall one meter in front of him.The roar rang out loud, and the gongs exploded, but Chu Feng was unharmed. The enchantment he laid down easily resisted the Yangzhai attack."So smart, this kid has a future."Here is the city, there are a lot of passers-by. Seeing that there are two juniors to test and match, it naturally makes many good people stop to watch.When Chu Feng was seen at such an age, he was able to use the power of enchantment in such a comfortable manner, and he welcomed the praise of many people."Yang Tsai, don't be merciless, give me a good fight!" See onlookers praise Chu Feng, seven star old man's face could not hang, actually screamed regardless of the occasion."Bob kid, I see how you can stop now."Yang Tsai separated his legs and stood on horse steps. His fists clenched tightly, and a tyrannical Yuan force surged around his whole body. The tyrannical impact force, if not bound by enchantment, could definitely lift off the sand and take off the sand.Accumulation, this is not a simple charge, but is brewing a powerful martial arts, as to what kind of powerful martial arts, the number of paragraphs will definitely not be less than five paragraphs."Drink ah ~ ~ ~" Suddenly, Yang Zai burst into a cry, he shot, shot while also shouting: "Tian dog meteor fist!!!!""嗷嗷嗷嗷嗷~~~"This boxing, earth-shattering, the most important is that the group of dogs called the spring-like growl, it is truly amazing, this is the eternal righteousness of the tengu meteor fist, attacking you with the wild dog noise.Although the barking dog's cry, this boxing can be said to be extremely lethal and unguardable, but in fact the strongest lethality is still the essence of this boxing.It was like a meteor, and it flew away toward Chufeng. The momentum, the kind of strength, and no small glimpse, even if it was a hill, a palace would be under this meteor boxing, and would disappear.However, his opponent is Chu Feng, Chu Feng still does not hide or hide, just relying on the front of the enchantment in the front, to resist Yang Tsai this powerful attack.After each "fighting and bombarding" of each boxing touches the enchantment, it will be like a firework. Beautifully, it will explode above the enchantment.However, despite the continuous proliferation of gongs, the boxing shadows continued to smash, but they could not shake the enchantment, and they did not break down. Even the small rifts did not make it."While not simple, that boy's martial arts is at least five paragraphs, and at least 90% of his power is used.""But this is a martial art that can't shake the juvenile's enchantment. It shows that the quality of this child's enchantment is so high." The onlookers once again marveled, because Chu Feng's watch is actually eye-catching."What's this, my disciple's quality of enchantment is far better than he is. He can't say that the kid is strong. He can only say that his opponent is too weak." But there is also no interest in telling the truth.Listening to the voice of the discussion that was entirely biased towards Chu Feng, even belittled the voice of his disciples, the seven-star elderly people came to circling the circle.However, he did not dare to worry, because it is not Qingzhou, but the Society of the Spirits. There are countless people here, and he dare not easily offend anyone.In desperation, the seven-star old man can only use his own disciples to get angry and growl: "Yang Zai, you waste, what do you think? The Wuwu Wushou can't beat a single Yuan Wu? Do you teach me anything? Didn't let the fart go?!!""The paparazzi, your master is angry, still do not make a special skill?" Chu Feng stood behind the enchantment, that is a relaxed and comfortable."You his mother, to see if I don't tore your mouth." Yang Tzu was completely angered, and he simply took a rest and did not use martial arts. Instead, he stepped forward and tried to make a close fight with Chu Feng.But at this time, I saw Chu Feng's left hand, a golden gun appeared in the hands, facing the Yang Zi will be shot in the past.Among the golden lances, there was a strong element of strength that whistled past. Even the air was blasted and it was almost impossible to penetrate everything."Hey, five Wuji skills, but also want to hurt me!" See Chu Feng shot, Yang Tsai is not afraid, parked in place, arms out of the dance to decorate a barrier wall, horizontal in front of his body.The golden rifle came and was stunned. It was resisted by the enchantment. It was just a look at the enchantment. It was already scarred and cracked. It was like a mirror that was hit by a big stone."Oh, far worse, the quality of this kid's enchantment is far worse than that of a teenager." Upon seeing this, the crowded passers-by sighed and shook their heads, suggesting that Yang Tsai's enchantment was not closed."Hey, take me another shot." Chu Feng is proud, raising his hand is a javelin.“砰” is another round of gunshots. This hard-blasted bombarded the enchanted world and shot Yangzhai.“嗡” Yang Tsai was shocked and hurriedly retreated. He quickly re-arranged the enchantment and finally blocked the attack of Chu Feng. It was just that enchantment. It was also a rift."It's kind of funny, but next, do you still block it?"Chu Feng left the palm to form a bow, the right imaginary draws an arrow, the bow sounds, and the arrow sounds like rain. He only listens to the sound of breaking the wind in the guillotine. The golden arrow has already been oppressed by the dense sun. go with."How could it be that this kid is obviously just a player of Wushu? How can he display such a martial arts skill?"Yang Zi panicked, not that he did not want to fight back, but that he did not have the means to fight back. Under this circumstance, the only thing he could do was to constantly lay out the enchantment to resist the attack of Chu Feng.But even if the enchantment is boundless, but the spirit is not endless, under Chu Feng’s stormy offensive, Yang Tzu will soon be exhausted and can barely support it.Although he could barely support him right now, Chu Feng’s offensive was getting stronger and he couldn’t resist with his eyes. Yang Zhe shouted loudly: “Master saves me!!!!!”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!