The 177th chapter of the National Spirit Society, "Nai Sumei is a good little girl. Her family is also very good. The talent is not weak. It's nothing to say. Would you like me to help you?" Back to the square, Zhuge Liuyun said with a smile."I would like to thank Master for his kindness. The disciples still don't want to marry too early." Chu Feng smiled back."You kid, let's go!" Zhuge flow cloud turned up a vertical, swept into the body of the white head, Chu Feng also riding on the other body of a white head.Two white-headed eagles spread their wings at the same time. The huge wings were several meters long and their wings moved, setting off a rush of winds.The savage winds dance like a sharp blade, and even the core disciples and core elders present are unbearable and have been blown back and forth again and again.In the turbulent winds, two white-headed eagles soared into the air, first circling around the square two circles, this is like an arrow, to the direction of the bound state to go.People are watching this spectacular scene. Most people's faces are full of envy and longing, but in the remote corners of the core area, the Soviet Union and the U Full of sadness.The speed of the white-headed sculpture is very fast. It spans the entire Qingzhou area. It is only a few days, but now it has arrived in the border state.Bald Eagles are rare in Qingzhou. Every time they fly over the sky, people below will look up and admire them. However, when they come to Jiezhou, Chu Feng discovered that the original bald eagle was not so rare.When flying in the air, I even saw a few white-headed eagles. Since they passed by, they were faster than the white-headed eagles they rode.This allowed Chu Feng to have an idea for the first time. The Qingzhou that he depends on survived may have been somewhat debilitated compared to this state. It is no wonder that he is a master Zhuge Liuyun would say.Qingzhou’s so-called geniuses are all mediocre. There are no more than ten people who can truly be regarded as talented. Because Qingzhou’s genius is not in the eyes of other states.In fact, it is not strong in Qingzhou. Among the states of Kyushu, this row is at the end and it is in the eyes of other big states.After two days of flying in the border state of Chuzhou, Chu Feng finally came to the so-called Society of the Spirits. From the top down, he could see the Spiritual Guild sitting on a plain.It is an oversized city. It is covered by mountains, rivers, and jungles. It is just like a kingdom, and it is beyond the imagination of Chu Feng.It can be seen from this that the spiritual council in this sector is a powerful force. No wonder it can become the overlord of Jiezhou.The most important thing is that in the territory of Qingzhou, the spiritual gurus who are regarded as treasures are all over here. Even the white gown divisions such as Zhuge Liuyun are absolutely nothing.Here, only the gray gown division can make people look high, because the white gown division is as much as the cabbage, everywhere."This is what is called. There are days out of the sky. Are there any people outside?"Chu Feng and Zhuge Liuyun did not directly enter the Society of Guild Spirits. Because the Guild of Spirits, not everyone can go casually, even if the divisional spirits do not work, so they came to a city outside the Guild of Spirits. This is dedicated to receiving them as an external spiritual psychiatrist.Here, like Zhuge Liuyun, there are many people in the white robes of the world. However, most of them have taken the tall hats off to reveal their original features."Without fuss, this brings together the best spiritual gurus across the Kyushu continent. The spiritual gurus are naturally natural."“Furthermore, Jiezhou is known as the most fertile state in the state of Kyushu. Compared with here, Qingzhou is really a bit of a backwater.”The sound of Zhuge Liuyun sounded, Chu Feng looked back and could not help but be surprised, because Zhuge Liuyun actually removed the hat that blocked the appearance, Chu Feng saw the appearance of the old man for the first time.Zhuge Liuyun and Chu Feng's imagination are not the same, not only not terrible, but rather very kind, people just take a look, they feel that the old man is so affable.But it may be precisely because of this, Zhuge Liuyun does not give people to see his true face, because he is to leave people with a dangerous impression, so as to better protect himself, this may be his way of protecting himself.“Oh, here is not allowed to cover the face. All people must abide by this rule, otherwise it will be regarded as challenging the spiritual dignity of the spiritual society!” explains Zhuge Liuyun."I prefer Master as it is now." Chu Feng smiled. This is his heart."You kid, is this a good bully for the division is it?" Zhuge flow clouded Chu Feng one, they took Chu Feng went to participate in the white robe examination registration office.Along the way, Chu Feng saw a lot of young people who were similar to his age, and each of them had spiritual power. It was evident that all participants had been assessed for white robes."The assessment of the division division is not very strict. As long as the first level is passed, we will be able to get the white spirit.""The White Spirit Gown is made of special materials and worn on the body. As long as you don't breathe, no one can detect your cultivation.""The most important thing is that the white collar is a symbol of identity. If you later wear this white robe and return to Qingzhou, I believe no one will dare to look down on you. Even many forces will make friends with you, and you will be called to help you. .""But of course, the arrangement of enchantment is an individual effort, and the arrangement of the enchantment line is an individual effort to set up an enchantment line that envelops a force. It is a vast project.""Foreigners only saw the glory of our spiritual psychiatrist, but they did not even know the hardships that our spiritual psychiatists had to pay." Helping Chu Feng get a qualification token for the assessment, Zhuge Liuyun leaned against Chu Feng."Master, is it not only the first level, but also the second level?" Chu Feng curiously asked."Of course, at the first level, you can get a white robes of the world. However, such a white robe can be obtained, but it must be paid accordingly." Zhuge Changqing replied."Would you like to buy it? Then how much money does it cost for a real white robe?" Chu Feng asked."A white robe in a circle requires a thousand beads, and this still has to go through the first level. Otherwise, if you want to buy it, you can't buy it," said Zhuge Liuyun."So expensive?" Chu Feng was shocked, a thousand beads, it is definitely a big number for him."Don't worry, for the division has been prepared for you, as long as your kid can pass the first pass, then the real white robe is yours." Zhuge flow cloud, love watching Chu Feng.At this moment, Chu Feng said that he was not touched and that it was definitely a lie, but he was curious to ask: “Master, then you know, what price can the grey collar be able to sell?”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!