The 175th chapter of Jiezhou "As for the benefits that the spiritual spirit can gain in the living world, it is also endless. For example, besides the most basic source of life, it can be promoted as an outsider, and many others can Enhance their system, even blood.""As you said, if the spirit is injured and it is dispelled in the spiritual world and can no longer communicate with the spiritual psychiatrist, then there are ways."“As far as I know, there is a peculiar fruit called Lingguo. The Lingguo has certain effects on the spiritual psychic, it can enhance the quality of the power of enchantment, and increase the strength of spiritual strength, but it is even more powerful to the spirit. The effectiveness of these can complement their spiritual power.""As you said, as long as there is a spiritual fruit, it can completely awaken the spiritual spirit and the spiritual power is more abundant than before." Zhuge Liuyun said.“Spirit fruit? Where is this kind of thing, where can I buy it?” Chu Feng was overjoyed and asked him to see the hope of saving eggs.“What is so precious about the spiritual fruit can be purchased? However, as far as I know, in my Kyushu continent, there is a place with spiritual fruit,” said Zhuge Liuyun."Where is it?" Chu Feng asked."Yes, Jiezhou is one of my Kyushu's Kyushu.""There is a division of the Spiritual Society there. The Society of Spirits can be said to be the assembly area of ​​the Kyushu Continent, the strongest spiritual division, where the spiritual division can get more benefits.""In the spiritual society, we have planted a special kind of fruit. That is spiritual fruit," said Zhuge Liuyun."Jizhou Master, how far is it from my Qingzhou?" Chu Feng eagerly asked. He has some concepts for Qingzhou, but he is still full of unknowns for the whole territory of Kyushu.“Jiuzhou and Qingzhou are neighboring states. Although the journey is not close, but half a month's time is enough to go back and forth.” Zhuge Liuyun smiled, and then asked Chu Feng: “Your kid on the spiritual fruit Really heart.""Of course, we have a good heart. Master does not mean that the spiritual fruit has improved the quality of enchantment and spiritual power?" Chu Feng said with a smile."Well, that's of course, but then again, with your mastery of enchantment today, it's time to get a white robe." Zhuge said."A white robe is the white robe worn by the master. What is the use of this thing?" asked Chu Fengming."Haha, you don't understand this. This is a symbol of the identity and strength of the spiritual psychiatrist. To achieve this recognition, you must take your own strength to get it.""And according to the strength of the spiritual division, the level of the division division is divided into three categories: white robes, gray robes, and blue robes.""The white robe is the easiest to obtain. It is not difficult for you to become a white robe division spiritualist by the means you now possess."Compared to the white robes, grey robes are very difficult to obtain. This requires the essence of the power of enchantment. Within my Qingzhou, there are no more than two psychic divisions in the grey robe."“One is the first gate, Lingyunzong’s spiritual division is dedicated to the division, and the other is the division spiritual priest dedicated to the princely princely court.” Zhuge said with a dignified tone. When the two were mentioned, some words were inevitably inaccurate. The meaning of respect."What? There are no more than two spiritual psychic divisions in the grey gown and they all have such status?" Chu Feng was shocked because the young girl he saw in the Baihu Mountains was obviously a grey-gown division.“As for the blue gown division, it is just like a legend. No one in Qingzhou has ever been reached. Even in other states, there are no such figures. Only in the border state, there are several such legendary spirits. Teacher.” Zhuge Liuyun continued to tell.However, Zhuge Liuyun said less than two eggs that day, that is the purple robe after the blue robe, as well as the gold robe, it can be seen, in the eye, the egg is far Better than Zhuge Liuyun."How does that state of the world gather so many powerful spiritual masters? Is there anything special?!" Chu Feng murmured."You are right. The boundary state can be said to be the holy land of the spiritual gurus. There are the two most powerful divisions of the Kyushu forces on the Kyushu continent. One is the spirit guild and the most powerful community in Kyushu. The spiritual division, the assessment of the status of all spiritual divisions, must be conducted there.""Another convenience is the community clan. The clan is not as big as the clan, but every clan is born with spiritual power and is a noble race.""According to legend, they are the masters of Jiezhou. However, because the clan people are too scarce, the ruling power is gradually being owned by the Jiefang Guild. However, this is still an indispensable force. They both enjoy the Holy Land of Jiezhou. Zhuge Liuyun said."It turned out to be true. It seems that the world is really big. There are even such special races in the world. Every ethnic group is born with spiritual power."Chu Feng secretly marveled that there was no one among the spiritual powers. In his Qingzhou, every person with spiritual power was considered a genius.However, unexpectedly, in their neighboring states, there will be such a powerful race. Each ethnic group has spiritual power. What kind of concept is this. What a powerful race?"Oh, you are right. There are many great people in the world. There are many races with special bloodlines. Apart from the border clan, there are still more powerful races in the territory of my Kyushu." Zhuge Liu Cloud said.“A more powerful race, what is the race?” Chu Feng is curious. The community clan is enough to be surprised. What kind of race is this powerful race?"That is the overlord of the Kyushu continent. The Jiang's dynasty was a special race.""The reason why they call themselves Jiang's royal family is because everyone in the Jiang royal family has powerful blood and has terrible fighting power that ordinary people don't have. This is why Jiang's royal family can survive forever. The reason why I dominated the mainland of Kyushu," said Zhuge Liuyun."Gang's dynasty, it turned out to be a special race, no wonder!" Chu Feng once again got an amazing news."After counting all the time, the monthly spiritual priest's white robe examination of the Society of the Spirits is coming soon. Go back and get ready. I will take you to the state tomorrow morning." Zhuge Liuyun said.Hearing this, Chu Feng not only was not surprised, but he was overjoyed because even Zhuge Liuyun did not say that he was also trying to go to the Jiezhou.Chu Feng was not the white gown of the spiritual psychiatrist for his assessment, because if he wanted to identify his identity, he now has a grey-gown inside the Qiankun bag. This gray gown is definitely more precious than the white robe. More scary.The Chuzhou that attracts Chu Feng is naturally a spiritual fruit. It can awaken the fragile eggs.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!