Chapter 17 The acquaintance of the Elixir Hill was forbidden, and the entire mountain was blocked by layers.Unless one has the power to fly, if he wants to enter this mountain of Elixir, he can only enter from the entrance.There are eight entrances to the Elixir Hill, and the eight entrances are guarded by the elders. Only the elixirs will be opened at the time of hunting.At the moment, all eight entrances are open, and any disciple of the inner door can enter the room with a token. Nearly 100,000 disciples have already poured in from all directions."This elixir is really amazing,"Chu Feng strolled in the mountains of the Elixir, and his eyes were attracted by the thick trees and thick bushes.For the first time, he saw that plants that look so beautiful even have a richer fragrance than other places. They are as intoxicating as the paradise."Spiritual Grass?" Suddenly, Chu Feng saw a strange plant.Five-inch high, four-leaf, green body, covered with faint brilliance, just like the lower part of the spirit to Ling grass.“噗” was not yet approaching, and the land was slashed and slashed.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng suddenly leaped, but it was still a slow step. When he arrived, Ling Lingcao was already sneaking into the ground."This thing really has spirituality." Chu Feng laughed, but it was not impatient, but he looked around.He knew that the spirit grass could escape swiftly, but at intervals it must be drilled out of the ground and run away, usually in a straight line.Therefore, Chu Feng feels that it is not difficult to determine the trajectory of Lingling to escape and to capture at his speed.At this moment, a flash of light was not far from the ground, and a strain of Lingling grass emerged from the ground, apparently just fleeing the strain.However, the grass has just appeared, and suddenly sneaked into the ground and continued to flee.Chu Feng was overjoyed and stature leaped across several steps. Then he jumped in volley like a rabbit. His hands were eagle-claws and he was caught in front of an open space."Yeah." Sure enough, as Chu Feng expected, just when he was about to fall to the ground, Ling Ling grass again from the soil.Only this time, Chu Feng's speed was faster than it did not wait for it to escape, Chu Feng's big hand, has been tightly seized its branches, one pulled him out of the soil.When the grass was removed from the ground, it began to make harsh sounds, and a strong sense of liberation continued.However, this break-up only lasted for a while, and it became weaker and weaker. At last, the essence of the spirits was flashed. It began to shrink, and finally it turned into a finger length."This thing is really strange."If the elixir leaves the soil, it loses its spirituality. Without spiritual elixir, the volume will become very small.However, after all, it was only heard that when a five-inch length of Ling Lingcao really stood in front of him, from the time when the Five Preservation Masters were becoming less than half an inch, nobody would be surprised.After harvesting the ground spirit grass, Chu Feng's double palms overlapped, and the hand-kneading method was decided. A powerful suction would be poured out from Dantian. It was just a blink of an eye, and all the palm grass was refined."Oh, this thing is not enough for you to sew."Chu Feng wry smile, Ling Lingcao is the next product of the elixir, containing the Aura is several times worse than the fairy spirits, if you want to rely on it to feed that God thunder, really need a terrible amount.In desperation, Chu Feng continued on his way to the depths of the mountains.This Elixir Hill is divided into Inner Wai, Zhong Wai, and Periphery.The outer planting of the next product and the spirit of medicine, in the circumstance of planting the Chinese medicine, the inner planting the top product of the spirit of medicine.The top product Lingfei grass, Chu Feng is the most familiar, but he also knows that before the spirituality of the fairy spirit grass, it is not a good man.Not only will not see people fled, but also has a strong attack power, it is said that a faerie grass, comparable to the sixth-order savage beast, that is to say there is no Quanwu six strength, in front of it is not enough to see.Therefore, Inner Wai was considered as a restricted area, and few people dared to enter it. Chu Feng did not plan to hunt down those terrible guys, so his goal was to enclose Wai.Zhongpinling Tianlingcao, according to legend, can quickly run against the ground, and has the ability to stealth, very difficult to capture, but fortunately there is no lethality.Although the aura contained in it is far less than that of the fairy spirit, it is also far from comparable to the spirit, so it is the best goal of Chu Feng.All the way forward, all the Ling Ling grass that Chu Feng saw could not escape his magic grasp, and he was on the spot refining.At noon, he finally came to Zhongwei, and soon he discovered a strain, Tian Ling grass.However, this is really very powerful Lingling grass, not only the escape route is unpredictable, and it does have a stealth method.Although stealth can only last for a while, this time when the situation is hidden, it still makes Chu Feng suffer.Until the sun fell, Chufeng had encountered at least a dozen strains of lingual grass, but it had not caught one."I don't believe it. I'll lose it in the hands of a Chinese medicine."Under the rush of a day, Chu Feng was energetic, but he was already playing drums and had to stop hunger.While eating dry food, he never forgets to be teased by Tian Ling Cao and vows to catch Tian Ling Cao and refine it."I said, don't come to China. This is not what we can catch.""You do not worry, Miss, I have gradually mastered the law of the escape of Tianlingcao, give me a day, I promise we can catch it.""How many strains of Lingling can we get outside on a day? You are simply wasting our time."At this moment, Lin Zhongyuan came in bursts and Chu Feng could feel at least ten people and was approaching."Oh, it seems more than me, Chu Feng, and I have suffered."Chu Feng chuckled and did not look up. Instead, he ate his dry food."Lady looks at it, it looks like Chu Feng." But when a somewhat surprised but full of satire sounded, Chu Feng knew, and his mom met acquaintances.Looking up and watching, ten figures are standing not far from staring at themselves, all of them are familiar faces.The young girl she heads up is called Chu Xue. She is one year younger than Chu Feng and is considered to be Chu Feng’s cousin.Although this Chu Xue is not as sweet as Chuyue, it is also considered to be a bit of a beauty, especially if her skin is white like snow.However, she and Chu Chucheng are really the same. They do not like Chu Feng from childhood and belong to hostile forces.And behind Chu Snow, nine people still stood. Although these people are all surnamed Chu, but strictly speaking, they are still not the Chu family.They were all descendants of the Chu family. Because their parents had some status in the Chu family, they were sent to Qinglong, but the most ridiculous thing was that even this group of descendants also looked down upon Chufeng."Oh, Chu Feng is really you."The nauseous voice rang again. What I had just said was a thin young boy beside Chu Snow.This person Chu Feng also knows, is called Chu Gao, likes sticking in Chu Xue from childhood, is Chu Xue's heel.However, it is worth mentioning that although Chu Gao was a descendant of his family, his qualifications were good. He joined Qing Longzong together with Chu Yue and is now also a member of Xiu Wu.In Chu Xue’s group of people, it is also the ability of this Chu Gao to draw a hand, apparently the main force in this group.However, this kid is very unreasonable. From his introduction of Chu Xue and others into Zhong Wai, he knew that he was a good sannyasin.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!