The 174th chapter asked about the wine table. The two men and women talked even more joyously. They have always given people a sense of cruelty. Zhuge Liuyun also opened a heart wall to Chu Feng, showing that he is sincere. Do not take Chu Feng as an outsider, but as his own confidant.Chu Feng learned that Zhuge Liu was a good family when he was young, but because his parents had offended a great man of Ling Yunzong, he had no choice but to flee.However, they did not think that on the way to the escape, some people had betrayed them. The big doormen rushed to kill them and killed his family members. But Zhuge Liuyun escaped and escaped. The price is that his parents were mercilessly killed.Since then, Zhuge Liuyun rarely believes in other people. It can be said that it is in the depths of his heart. Outsiders have a kind of indifference, separated by a wall.When I was young, I would say it well. But when people are old, they always want to find a support. They have a heritage of their own ability. Zhuge Liuyun is no exception.Originally he was optimistic about cold and innocence, but later found out that it was too cold and innocent to be too selfish and to do things too extreme. The cold and innocent had no friends. Only the tools he used were not worthy of Zhuge Liuyun’s trust.However, in terms of talent, it is difficult to find young people who are cold and innocent in Qingzhou, especially Qinglong.Therefore, Zhuge Liuyun was very embarrassed and hesitant. In the end, it was not necessary to pass on his clothes to the cold and innocent.At this moment, Chu Feng walked into the sight of Zhuge Liuyun. In fact, Zhuge Liuyun began to investigate the identity of Chu Feng.And found that although Chu Feng is sometimes very impulsive, but the motivation is not harmful, on the contrary, many times, is for the people around him, but to take down the big trouble.What Chu Feng did in the eyes of outsiders is perhaps not a head, but Zhuge Liuyun is an exception.As for what was later cold and innocent, it was really a test that Zhuge Liuyun had against him. It was only a pity that, in the end, it was cold and innocent, and Zhuge was disappointed."After the Master, after the contractor has entered into a contract with the Spirit, will such a situation occur.""For some reason, the spirit of the spirit has been hit hard and disappeared into the spiritual space. The spiritual psychic felt no trace of its breath, but the spirit contract is still there." Feng hit about the eggs.“Well, indeed, this is the case. After the community has concluded a contract with the spiritual psychiatrist, most of it will be very difficult to return to the spiritual world. Unless the contract is lifted, or if the spirit of the spirit is reversed, they will remain in the world for a lifetime. In the spiritual world, that is, in the spiritual space."“And if you say this kind of situation, it will happen from time to time. After all, the spirit of the spirit will fight for the spiritual gurus, and the battle will often result in casualties. However, if the boundary contract is not destroyed, it means that the spirit To live, it's just a big injury to the spirit and it needs to be restored for a while," said Zhuge Liuyun."Resuming for a while? How long will it take for this time?" Chu Feng was ecstatically guilty. As long as the eggs were all right, he was relieved."It's hard to say. It will be eight years at a time, but it will be a hundred years at a slow pace." Zhuge Liuyun does not matter.However, after hearing this, Chu Feng was like being hit by a huge blow. It was almost a decade or eight years, but it was slower than a hundred years. Didn't that say that he and the eggs could not meet at least ten years? Can't even meet for a lifetime?"You kid is so nervous, why shouldn't you have contracted with Jieling?" asked Zhuge Liuyun badly."Of course it wasn't. I'm just curious...." Chu Feng hurriedly shook his head. Eggs were his secret and could not be known to anyone."I don't think your kid can be so rebellious. The spirit is a proud creature. He is very clever. He has no wisdom or even higher intelligence.""If you don't compare them, you are the one who respects me. Now there is such a spirit in the spiritual world. It is only because I have worshipped him. He still refuses to conclude a contract with me.""Although the conclusion of a contract with the spirits, the control of the forces of enchantment, and the self-cultivation, will be of great help. It is the dream of countless spiritual masters, but in reality they want the approval of the spirit. This is It is very difficult.” Zhuge’s words in the cloud have gained meaning and lost.Proudly, as a spiritual master, he successfully communicated to a realm, and this realm now has the intention to conclude a contract with him.What is lost is that although this spirit has the intention to conclude a contract with him, after all, he has not yet concluded with him, that is to say, he has not received the recognition of the spirit of the realm. Plus, he is already old, and he really does not know that in his lifetime Whether or not the spirit will conclude a contract with him.After hearing Zhuge Liuyun's words, Chu Feng secretly rejoiced, glad that he had a good family, in his boundary spiritual space, blocked two sector spirits, and now one has already concluded a contract with him.If not, relying solely on his own exploration, I really don't know the year of the monkeys. I can only conclude a contract with the community. Like this stream of tricks, I can never conclude a contract with my community for a lifetime.Only at the same time in gratitude to his family, Chu Feng also could not help but think of his own family, all kinds of clues at the moment can show that his family, at least his parents are very powerful, the means of control is very anti-day.And such a powerful figure has not appeared in at least the Kyushu Continent for several hundred years. Therefore, it is conceivable that his parents are outside the Kyushu mainland.The vastness of heaven and earth, the Kyushu mainland is only the tip of the iceberg between heaven and earth. Chu Feng does not know what the outside world is like, but he can imagine that the outside world is dangerous and dangerous to the well-meaning parents. He also had to entrust him to adoption."Master, if the spirit is really badly damaged, is it that there is no other way for our spiritual division to recover from it?" After a chat, Chu Feng cleverly transferred the topic to this. ."Yes, of course, the reason why the spirit is willing to conclude a contract with the spiritual psychiatrist and give up the home on which he depends on is imprisoned in the narrow spiritual world. It is because of the world of life that there is a great benefit to them.""The longevity of the spirits is very long. Unlike our human beings who have cultivated themselves as strong, but also have a hundred-year lifespan, they can live for at least three hundred years at least. It is said that some powerful circles can live for thousands of years.""So this leads to the fact that the spirit is willing to conclude a contract with the spiritual psychiatrist and to survive in that narrow spiritual world because when the spiritual psychiatrist died, the contract would be lifted and the spirit would be able to return to the spiritual world. At that time, What he gets from the spiritual psychiatrist will also become his capital in the world of spirituality."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!