Chapter 172 rewards and punishments clearly "I...I..."In the face of Zhuge Liuyun’s questioning, Liu Chengen’s chin trembled and his tongue knotted. He couldn’t even say a complete sentence.Suddenly, Zhuge Liuyun stood on the stage of life and death. He waved his arm and only listened to the bang. Liu Chengen, who was several hundred meters away, flew away.When it landed, it was already a bloody nose, a swollen face, and a bloody palm print, deep in the cheeks."The elders of Zhuge spared their lives, and Elder Zhuge spared them. The villains had no knowledge of Mount Tai. I don't know that Chu Feng was your disciple. If I knew that he was your disciple, even if the villain dared, the villain would not dare to. !”After being slapd off by the air, Liu Chengen quickly collapsed to the ground, regardless of how the eyes of the crowd were, constantly facing the Zhuge Clouds on the stage of the bucket, making noises, and crying for mercy.For this scene, no one felt that Liu Chengen was shameful. He felt that he was reasonable and reasonable. In the face of Zhuge Liuyun, no one dares to follow it. Even Zhong is afraid to retort from a guard, not to mention one of the elders in his inner area."Who do you have, do you have any opinions on Chu Feng?" Zhuge flowed the cloud and swept the cold eyes around him.At this moment, where someone dared to speak, whether it was an opinion of Chu Feng or an uncomfortable one about Chu Feng, all of them closed their mouths, and all subconsciously stepped backwards. It was like saying that they were afraid of it. There are opinions on Chu Feng, but I dare not to be detrimental to the disciples of Zhuge Liuyun.In the face of this situation, Zhuge Liuyun nodded with satisfaction, and then walked next to Su Rouxiang. "Su Lu, you have previously protected my disciple. This is what the old lady paid you."Zhuge flow cloud shines at the waist, a green herb appears in the palm, this herb is so beautiful, crystal clear, light flow, that texture is as bright as gem, the most important is that the energy contained in it is very strong, Even the air around us is slowly creeping, like trembling, because this herb contains Xuan Li.Everyone was taken aback by surprise. Even the elder elders were also envious of their looks. Because this is a mysterious drug, and it is still a superb drug, and the value is very high. It can be said that there is no market for price, but it can be met with Baby, for the strong Xuanwujing, has an endless effect.In the face of this mysterious drug, even Su Lu is also in front of the eye. On the beautiful face, overflowing with a glorious surprise, he carefully brought this mysterious drug into his hands.The value of Xuan Yao is really too high, especially for the Supreme Master Xuan Yao, even if it is Su Lu's origin, it is not free to enjoy it. In fact, many of the strong people in Xuanwujing can’t even afford to buy a Xuan Yao drug. It can be seen from this that the price of Xuan Yao is very valuable."Elder Elder, thank you very much, too." Zhuge flowed clouds, and took out a top grade Xuan Yao and handed it to Elder.Elder Elder smiled a little, and the pleats on his face squeezed into a pile. It looked like a bun, but it was a joyful bun.For Zhuge Liuyun’s actions, the following disciples and elders can be blinded. The top grade Xuan Yao is definitely worthless for them, but Zhuge Liuyun is such a generous person.However, the most eye-catching, it must be a Chu Feng, Xuan Yao ah Xuan Yao, and Xuan Yao is still top grade, that contains a Xuan Li, absolutely far from the Yuan Zhu comparable, if swallowed one, maybe to repair growth To what extent.It seems that he felt the exploration of Chu Feng’s spiritual power. Zhuge Liu’s eyes blew a glimpse of Chu Feng. After all, this time he was helping Chu Feng. He wanted to let everyone know that he wanted to deal with Chu Feng’s. Zhuge Liuyun will not spare, but to help Chu Feng, he Zhuge Liu Yun absolutely reward.He was telling the core disciple and core elders of Qinglongzong on the side. Between Chufeng and Gongluyun, they could not choose Chu Feng, but it was better not to favor Gong Luyun because he was behind Chu Feng. The teacher respected the back."Bad boy, go back with the division." Zhuge Liu Yun grasped the shoulders of Chu Feng. The space around him swiftly moved. The two people disappeared like ghosts and ghosts. The means of the spiritual psychiatrist is not something ordinary people can do.After the Zhuge Liuyun left, the quiet crowd “banged” and exploded, and all sorts of comments began to buzz."It's incredible. Chu Feng is not only a genius, but also Zhuge Liuyun is a master. Will anyone dare to move him?"This is definitely a big news. Chu Feng is a genius. He can use Yuan Wu’s weighty cultivation to kill Wu Wujiu of Yuanwu Wuzhong. After killing Wujiu, he has virtually replaced Wu Xi. Nine in the position of the Qinglong list, became the ninth of the Qinglong list.However, Chu Feng is only 15 years old. In the Qinglong List, he is definitely the youngest player. If the Qinglong List is a genius, then Chu Feng is the youngest and most potential genius. Strong, even cross-quadratic repairs for counter-war opponents such things, even Gong Luyun can not do it.Moreover, Chu Feng is not only a genius, there is a strong backing behind him, that is even the characters who did not dare to offend even the Qing Long Zongzhuo, a generation of spiritual divisions, Zhuge Liuyun.Since this day, all the people of Qinglongzong have to re-examine Chufeng. After all, Chu Feng’s talent is so strong that in less than two months, he enters Yuan Wu Yizhong from Lingwu Qizhong. , God knows what will happen to him in ten months and one year in the battle.With his counterattack, he may not be able to block Gong Luyun's three strokes, but according to the agreement, as long as Chu Feng can block Gong Lunyun's three strokes to win, Gong Luyun must commit suicide by then. of.In the past, people all thought that Chu Feng challenged Gong Luyun, who was looking for death, and the odds were zero. However, after today, people discovered that there was really a lot of suspense in the original engagement, and it was still an unknown number.While everyone in the core area was talking about Chufeng, Chu Feng was brought to his quaint palace by Zhuge Liuyun."I would like to thank Master for his help." Chu Feng gave a big gift to Zhuge Liuyun."Don't be busy calling Master, what book did you get from you and I gave you?"Zhu Geliuyun's breath suddenly turned cold, like no previous gentleness, that kind of feeling, as if Chu Feng reached his request, he would really kill Chu Feng.However, Chu Feng, who had long been full of confidence, could not be afraid of meeting the requirements of Zhuge Liuyun. He only saw his thoughts and actions, and the gas overflowed. Four enchantment forces emerged and shrouded themselves and Zhuge Liuyun. among them.After doing this, Chu Feng smiled and said: "Master, do you see the disciples and me?This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!