Chapter 173 Mentors talk about their hearts. "You kid, you have mastered the art of enchantment so skillfully?"At this moment, Zhuge was shocked to see the encirclement around him. Although the white robe covered his face, Chu Feng could still feel his surprise and joy.Chu Feng smiled and did not answer positively, but he also defaulted to Zhuge Liuyun's words. After all, his skilled enchantment technique has already been placed in front of Zhuge Liuyun."Chu Feng, can control this change in the enchantment?" Suddenly, Zhuge flow cloud again opened the road."Master wants him to change?" Chu Feng asked."Changes in morphology." Zhuge said.When Zhuge Liuyun’s voice just fell, the surrounding enchantment dissipated, and then a few more enlightenment emerged. This time, the enchantment did not block the two people but appeared in the hands of Chu Feng.The translucent enchantment was initially only the size of the palm, hovering in the hands of Chu Feng, but with the control of Chu Feng, gradually began to break away from the hands, then quickly expanded, sometimes square, sometimes round, and even occasionally a five-pointed star, Really moving with the heart, only unexpected, no Chu Feng can not do."Chu Feng, you may now master the mastery of the community compass?" Zhuge Liuyun asked again.Chu Feng nodded, and then he took out a territorial compass, pointing out what the various planes represented above, and what the different symbols implied. Under the guidance of the eggs, he knew the compasses of this sector for a long time.Then, Zhuge Liuyun asked some questions of Chu Feng. These are all the knowledge he gave to Chu Feng’s book. Even if the eggs are not there, he can easily answer them and analyze their meaning. Extremely thorough.After some appraisal, Zhuge Liuyun did not express too much, but even said three good words, but these three simple words are enough to illustrate his shocking mood at the moment."I Zhuge Liuyun, trying to find a surgeon worthy of me, and found a full part of my life, finally found a qualified disciple."Zhuge Liuyun looked at the front of Chu Feng, could not help but nodded, although he had hopes for Chu Feng before, but at the moment Chu Feng's performance, but completely exceeded the expectations.“Master respected, please be a disciple!” Chu Feng squatted on the floor, holding his fists in both hands, and applied a masterly applause to Zhuge Liuyun."You are naturally talented and will certainly become an amazing spiritual master in the future. The achievement is absolutely above me.""But unfortunately, I can guide you at most, not teach you, but if you are willing to, you can still call me Master." Zhuge flow cloud bent over the body, stepped forward to help Chu Feng."You are the master of my Chu Feng, the only teacher." Chu Feng said with certainty, and there was a sense of awe among the words."Haha, well, I Zhuge Liuyun is not mistaking you." Although previously Zhuge Liuyun said so, but obviously he prefers the words behind Chu Feng.After all, whoever has the ability, he likes to find a talented successor, but he is a talented person. Chu Feng is a talented successor.After this, Zhuge Liuyun put his hands on the pockets of the Qiankun bags on the waist. Between the flashes of the spells and flashes, a large number of beads appeared in his palm. Chu Feng could see at a glance that it was one hundred beads."Feng Er, you have a war with Gong Luyun. The time is getting closer and closer. As a teacher, what can you do for you? These beads will be taken by you. I believe there will be some help for you."Chu Feng will receive Yuan Zhu. He has long known that Zhuge is rich in money, but he did not expect this kind of wealth, and he gave himself so many beads.Chu Feng was grateful and very grateful. He did not ignore this hundred beads because he was rich in Zhuge. After all, it was an extremely valuable item.Although outside rumors, Qinglong Zong's worship of Zhuge Liuyun is a mysterious bead every month, but as Chu Feng understands, he feels that this is just rumors, and the fact may not be the case.Because he knows that the best Xuan Yao, Xuan Zhu, very rare, can be said to be invaluable, because the Xuan Li contained in Xuan Zhu is too strong, just as Lingzhu's effect on the Lingwu strong.He could even help a breakthrough basalt who could not break through when he was unable to break through a basalt strong player.It can be seen that Xuanzhu is precious, and I cannot say that this district is the second-class door of the Qinglong Emperor. I am afraid that the first gate of Lingzhou in Qingzhou is not necessarily economical. At the cost of one mysterious bead each month, A spiritual division is enshrined.Therefore, Chu Feng felt that the speculation on Zhuge Liuyun’s worship should only be a rumor. Not to mention one Xuanzhu every month. I am afraid that every month a top grade Xuan Yao is a huge expense, after all, for ordinary people. , Top grade Xuan Yao is already a priceless treasure.If this is not the case, Su Luu, who is Miss Dajie, the main house of the city of Zhuque City, will not see Zhuge Liuyun and send him his top grade Xuan Yao.After Chu Feng retired hundreds of beads, he was very happy. He was very much looking forward to these valuable Yuanzhu who could help him in the process of realizing what he was doing.In addition, he once again looked at the eyes of Zhuge Liuyun, can not help but more from the heart of awe and touched, although Zhugeliuyun wealthy, but after all, he himself has to practice.Moreover, other people are richer and others, and it is reasonable for others to give you favors and not to give it to you, because between them, they do not owe anything to each other.Zhuge Liuyun, who was able to recognize Chufeng soon, gave Chu Feng such a great help. This shows that he is very optimistic about Chu Feng."Your kid is a bit stubborn and it has to converge in the future, otherwise it will sooner or later suffer a big loss.""But you don't have to worry too much. You can fight with Gong Luyun and you can do it with peace of mind. Even if you fail, you will be able to protect your life for the division." Zhuge Liuyun said again."Hey." For Zhuge Liuyun, Chu Feng just smiled. He could not say that he would kill Gong Luyun as his goal?However, after seeing Chu Feng's accomplishments in the enchantment, Zhuge Liuyun will show his love for Chu Feng without any disguise. The two men and women talked for a long time, and they talked more and more speculatively.At the end of the conversation, Zhuge Liuyun even personally cooked a meal and made a good dish for Chu Feng. Although it is not rich, it is absolutely full of color, aroma, and taste. The most important thing is that this is an awesome spirit, Zhuge The food that Yunyun has done in person, I'm afraid there are few people in the world who can eat him.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!