The 178th Old Man of the Seven Stars "The Greyhound of the Seventh Star of the Spirit". I have not participated in the assessment of the grey-gown. It is not a general spiritual division to participate in. What is more, the Greyhound of the division is the supreme glory of the spirit division. How could it be possible? Sale.” Zhuge Liuyun shook his head.“What if someone wants to sell it? If someone has extra gray collar and sell it, what price can it sell?” Chu Feng was curious because he had such a gray robe in his hands. ."It's hard to say. After all, the grey-gown of the spirit of the community has no great effect on ordinary people. Even if it is to be bought, it is also a spiritual division to buy it."“But according to the difficulty of the assessment of the gray robe, the price of the spiritual grey robe is more reasonable with Xuanzhu as the unit. It is about a thousand mysterious beads,” said Zhuge Liuyun."Thousands of mysterious beads!" Chu Feng ecstatic, it can definitely be a big number.If a mysterious bead is a thousand beads, then one thousand beads will amount to one million beads and one million beads.Even if the Shen Lei in the body of Chu Feng is greedy again, it is definitely enough for it to devour for a while. God knows that after consuming one million Yuan beads, the repair point of Chu Feng will be raised to what extent."A thousand beads, it's not a small number. Take your teacher and respect me. The thousand beads that are prepared for you now are all my family.""A thousand mysterious beads, uh, can come up with this number of division spiritual division, I am afraid not to spend money to buy the sector spiritual gray robe, but will rely on their own strength to obtain, because they should have this strength. ”Just when Chu Feng was trying to figure out how to sell the spiritual grey cloth, Zhuge Liuyun poured Chu Feng cold water.But to think about it, one thousand mysterious beads is indeed a huge number. It is placed on anybody. Those who have so many wealth, if not for the background, have extraordinary strength.The more you know the value of the spiritual grey-gown, the more Chu Feng thinks that the purple-dressed girl is not normal, so that she gets the status of a grey-gown division spiritualist at a young age, which shows how powerful she is.If she did not appear the same day, only relying on Chu-feng this enchantment, I am afraid that really can not put out the White Tiger attack surgery, this unparalleled secret technology."Then Master, after passing the first checkpoint, is there still a second checkpoint?" Chu Feng asked again."Yes, there is a second checkpoint. After the second checkpoint is passed, you will not only be able to get the White Spirit Gown for free, but you will also get a certain reward.""However, that is not what the average person can pass. When you taught me to respect me, I was at the second checkpoint." Zhuge Liuyun shook his head."Oh, I'm not mistaken, it seems like Zhuge Liuyun!" And just then, a weird voice suddenly sounded.Looking sideways, I saw an old man dressed in a white robe and short stature. He was walking toward Chu Feng and he walked limping and turned out to be a blind man.And behind this lame old man, still followed by a teenager, older than Chu Feng, about 17-year-old look, proud face color, looked at Chu Feng's eyes full of contempt, as if he was better than Others have long legs."It turned out to be a seven-star old man. It was a long time since he disappeared." When he saw the old man who was lame, Zhuge Liuyun's face was not good-looking."Haha, really you, ah, Zhuge old man, I heard you go to Qinglongzong as guest Qing elders yet?" seven-star elderly ironically smiled.Zhuge Liuyun smiled by default, but he did not think that the seven-star elderly people were getting more and more excessive and said in a loud voice:"Oh, how do you say that you are also a division division, how dastardly to this extent, actually went to a small second-class door to be a guest."“It may be a matter of fault, but I won’t accept it at first.” At this moment, the boy behind the seven-star old man spoke."You dare to say it again, believe it or not I abandon you!" Upon seeing this, Chu Feng refused to answer, pointing to the youngster's squealing."Oh, this is where the rabbit scorpion, so impolite, Zhuge old man, this will not be your disciples, right?” Seven-star elderly glanced at Chu Feng, the eyes are also full of all look down."The Seven Stars, pay attention to the point, when I really was defeated in your hands, but it does not mean that I was afraid of you." Zhuge flow cloud of the face, and finally gloomy down."The old man of Zhuge, what is your attitude, is it that you still want to lose in my hand again?" The seven-star old man sneered."Let's try!" Zhuge drizzles and the surrounding air is one of them."Oh, what's more like two of us, it's better to come to something interesting. How would you like to test your disciple?"However, the seven-star elderly people have their eyes fixed on Chu Feng's body, and his mouth is humbled with a grim smile that does not meet his age.Because he has already seen that Chu Feng is a Wuxi Wushu warrior who has cultivated himself. His disciples can completely abuse Chu Feng, and it is no pressure.Zhuge Liuyun did not answer, but looked at Chu Feng because the disciple of the seven-star old man had a five-fold repair.Although Xiuwei is the same as Wujiu, he is, after all, a spiritual psychic teacher and is the core disciple of the first-class ancestral door. Naturally, he is not comparable to Wujiu, so Zhuge Liuyun gave the right of choice to Chu Feng.“Master, the disciple pleads with you to let the disciples teach you this ignorant thing.” Chu Feng said."Well, Fenger, you will discuss it with him." Zhuge flow cloud nodded with satisfaction, he likes Chu Feng this fearless fear."Ask the question? If you don't have any eyes or eyes, you shouldn't complain to anyone." The seven-star old man is very confident in his disciples."It seems that you have already seen your disciple and broke his bones." Zhuge Liuyun also has confidence in Chu Feng."Oh, then I'd like to see if your disciple has this ability, Yang Tsai, to give him some bitter taste." The seven-star old man said coldly."According to life." The young boy known as Yang Tsai, took the lead to an empty zone, arrogant enough to hook Chu Feng, indicating Chu Feng in the past.“嗡” And just before Chu Feng had just passed, the seven-star old man was moving his mind, even though he had cast out a powerful enchantment and covered Chu Feng and Yang Zi."The Seven Stars, what are you doing?" Zhuge said."Hey, what are you hurrying about the old man of Zhuge? This is the site of the Society of the Spirits. The old man arranged the enchantment, but he was afraid of the two dolls and broke things here."The seven-star old man quibbled, but his eyes were bright in the eyes of the Yang Zi, and the Yang Zi was also smiling and smiling. The look to Chu Feng became even more hazy.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!