The 177th Domineering Master and the sound of this voice sounded like that. When the atmosphere was overshadowed, a figure was standing like Chufu in front of Chu Feng’s body. Su Rou blocked behind him.This man's white robe, covering his face, is not someone else, it is the high spirits invited by the Qing Longzong division, known as the second master of Qinglong Zong Zhuge flow cloud.“This... was actually Elder Zhuge. This is how it happened. Why did Elder Zhuge speak for Chu Feng? What is the relationship between them?”If we say that the emergence of Li Elder is not unexpected, then the emergence of Zhuge Liuyun is absolutely unexpected. It can be said to shock the audience.You know, in the entire Qinglong Emperor, the most daunting person is not the Qinglong ancestral lord or the old guardian ancestors. Not to mention Zhong Yiyi, but at this moment, the old man standing in front of Chu Feng, Zhuge. Flowing clouds.However, compared to the confusion of outsiders, Su Rou was overjoyed and had personal experience. Zhuge Liuyun had to receive Chu Feng as a disciple. She knew that the old man had killed Chu Feng for years. Innocent, at the moment his old man played, but really no one could move Chu Feng.Excited, Su Rou secretly swept his eyes toward Chu Feng and found that Chu Feng was calm and calm, although his face was also hung with joy, but there was not much accident, as if everything was expected.Upon seeing this, Su softly licked his lips and said in his heart: "This guy, no wonder dare to be so carefree, it turns out that Zhuge Liu would have helped him!""Zhuge cloud, the old man to solve personal grudges only, why do you not go with the old man?" Zhong Li from a brow wrinkled, could not help but lower the tone of speech, showing that he is also jealous of Zhuge Liuyun."Personal grudges? What personal grudges?" Zhuge said faintly."This son killed my disciple, as a teacher, revenge for a disciple, which is a grudge?" Zhong asked a guard."Well, this is indeed a grudge, but if this is the case, I will have to control it more." Zhuge Liuyun smiled."what do you mean?"When this remark came out, not only did Zhong leave for a while, but he was almost embarrassed. Almost everyone present was confused and could not help but deepen the relationship between Chu Feng and Zhuge Liuyun."You want to kill Chu Feng. It is to take revenge for your disciple. As a teacher, this is what you should do.""But that Chu Feng is my disciple. As a disciple protecting the disciples, there is nothing wrong with it." Zhuge flowed out his hands and was very casual.However, his seemingly casual sentence was like a blasphemy on a sunny day, and a thunder in a mirror lake caused an uproar in the crowd."What? Chu Feng is a disciple of Zhuge Liuyun? When was this?""Will not you, I was not mistaken? Cold and innocence follow Zhuge Liuyun so long, Zhuge Liuyun did not formally receive its disciples, when did Chufeng become his disciple? He is a fancy to Chu What is the maple?"“Is Chu Feng’s Xiuwu talent? Or is it that Chu Feng also has spiritual power. Zhuge Liuyun wants to cultivate him as a division spiritualist?”The crowd thoroughly blasted the pot. They were speculating on this matter because all of this came too suddenly. All the people present were unprepared. They really impacted their young hearts and they were not suitable for a time. From.“You have a joke about Zhuge Liuyun. You said that this kid is your disciple?” Zhong was also shocked by a guard, even if he didn’t believe it at all.Because if he is bizarre, then Zhuge Liuyun is even more eccentric than him. He accepts disciples in harsh conditions. Zhuge Liuyun accepts his disciples' conditions even more harshly than him. He even thought that Zhuge Liuyun would never accept his entire life. A disciple, how can you suddenly accept a disciple now, and is this Chu Feng?"What? Isn't it clear that I'm talking about it?" Zhuge Liuyun smiled, and then said: "Well, I'll say it again.""Everybody present to me listened to me. This Chufeng is the only disciple of Zhuge Liuyun. If anyone dares to touch him with a finger, he is against Zhuge Liuyun, whoever I am. According to killing!"The voice of Zhuge Liuyun is very simple and honest, with strong penetrating power. After passing through the sea of ​​people, it is like a bell that generally reverberates in this life-and-death platform, and everyone is surprised to hear it.At this moment, many people are speechless, but in their hearts they got an answer. They finally know how to challenge Gong Luyun. Why dare to abolish the practice of the inner disciple and why dare to slay the witch nine because he has one The teacher, Zhuge flow cloud."The clock is away from a guard, do you want to move my disciples?" Zhuge flow of light clouds.“Yeah.” Chung from a protector’s face was purple, and his features were distorted. How hard it was to see how unsightly it was, and when it was cold, he would go down to life and death because he would never fight against Zhuge Liuyun."Standing!" But still do not wait for the clock to leave a guard, a encirclement will block the entire life-and-death platform, the clock has been locked out of a guardian abruptly in it."Zhuge Liuyun, what do you want?" Upon seeing, Zhong was a bit panicked from the guard. He couldn't think that he wouldn't pursue it. The old guy wouldn't even let him off."I'm asking you something. Didn't you hear it?" Zhuge Liu Yun was unhappy, and his voice was obviously cold.Zhong Yuanyi was really scared. In this Qinglong Zong, he could say that he was not afraid of fear, but he was only afraid of one person. That was Zhuge Liuyun, because whether it was a means or a practice, he was not as good as the other."If you don't understand it, I can remind you to give up on Chu Feng's unfavorable thoughts. If Chu Feng encounters any trouble, I will find you first and nobody will be able to save you." Zhuge Liuyun said. Very loud, don't leave anything to the clock.For such a scene, all people can't help but take a cold breath. In this Qinglong Emperor, dare to speak with Chung from a defender, surely only Zhuge Liuyun."Well, I promise you, I will not move this Chufeng in the future." However, the most surprising thing is that in the face of Zhuge Liuyun, in the face of all the people's martyrdom, Zhong Liyi did not refute, even served soft.However, how do people know that in the depths of Zhong Yuanyi’s protection, how fearful Zhuge Liuyun is, and this fear can only be felt by those who have seen Zhuge Liuyun’s haze means. In front of that fear, face? It's worth nothing."Oh, this is like a look." And Zhuge Liuyun proudly smiled, accompanied by the sound of laughter, that enveloping the death and death of Taiwan is disappearing.Chung-Yi lost his face and did not stay too long. His stature quickly robbed him of life and death and disappeared into sight.The Zhuge flow cloud is sweeping down to the crowd, and eventually the eyes locked in the door penalty at the main subject, Liu Chengen's body.At this moment, Liu Chengen's face changed greatly, his body couldn't help but a fibrillation, his heart was scampering, and even his forehead began to run out of large cold sweats. Because he never imagined that there was a Zhuge cloud behind Chu Feng. This is the whole All the people of Qinglong Zong are afraid of their existence.He was really scared, afraid to tremble, but after Zhuge Liuyun opened, he only knew that he really wanted to make a disaster."Is you sinning my disciples?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!