170th chapter I play with you "If you want me to let go, what do you think you are!"Chu Feng, this sentence, it is a loud, not to mention this life and death, even if life and death outside the Taiwan can hear clearly, because the goods but the use of Yuan Li, yes, he is to make everyone Knowing that he didn’t give this old maple face."I wipe this, Chu Feng is really dying. He is killing!"Chu Feng had done everything to everyone, and even the spectators who were irrelevant had been shocked by his actions. In this moment, people subconsciously turned their attention to Zhong Huyi, which is really not clear to see. A look of surprise.The guardian's face was long and clear. The pair of eyeballs was larger than the cow and was about to fall out. The diners who clamoured for help and who were close enough could even hear his gritted teeth.Everyone knows that this great man was plagued by Chu Feng and he was not too angry. He definitely had the heart of Chu Feng, and he was still the type of corpse.Suddenly, the bell left a body shape and went up into the sky. Like a big mountain, it fell to the bucket stage. The powerful momentum made it tremble and tremble. Even Chu Feng was there. Shaking a few steps, almost did not stand firm."Come on, the old man must sign a life and death form with this son." Chung left a point guarding Chu Feng roaring, like a lion roaring, stabbing people deafening."Sure enough, the clock was off guard. He wanted to kill Chu Feng. Can anyone stop it?"Although people had expected it for a long time, they still felt shocked when the bell was away from a guard and was ready to take action.At this time, there was another figure that leapt on the bucket stage. This is a beautiful woman, Su Lu who is regarded as the first beauty of Qing Long Zong."The clock is away from the elders, and you are an elders, so why bother with juniors?" Souro opened."Roll, the old man spoke, grace you to interrupt!"However, the clock was swept away by a big guard and a strong wind followed. The powerful impact raged like a storm on a stage than a bucket. It swallowed Su Rou almost instantly, and the powerful force was going to be Su Luna. The long dress was crushed.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng's fists clenched and he was about to rush into the storm, because in his heart Su Lu was already his woman. He would not allow his woman to be torn down under the large crowd.But not yet waiting for Chu Feng to shoot, an old man's figure jumped into the storm, when he entered a glimpse of that storm actually dissipated, and Su Rou is intact again fell on the bucket."Li Elder" Chu Feng could not help but be taken aback because the man who saved Su Rou was the elders who had saved himself in the hands of Gong Luyun.Li Elder was an old man with no hair in his hair. He was still a hunchback. It looked like a sick man, and a strong wind could blow him down.However, the restoration of Li Elder was unfathomable. The spiritual power of Chu Feng could not be ascertained by his depth, but he could feel that he had just easily broken the clock and was able to feel it. No more than a bell to protect the weak.After seeing Elder Li, Su Rou is also at ease, standing by Chu Feng's side. Although she does not understand Elder Li, she heard Sumei say that Li Elder is actually unfathomable, and Chu Feng is very good impression.Especially when Li Elder had just shot, she could feel that Elder was indeed strong. She should not be better than Zhong Liyi. If Elder Li died to protect Chu Feng, I am afraid that today, nobody can move Chu Feng."Eh, cough..."After the rescue of Su Rou, Li Elder was a burst of coughing. When he was really piercing, he almost did not spit out the liver and coughed for a long time. Then he slowly raised his head and advised Zhong Zhongyi: “Zhao left the elders. Juniors learn from each other. When the elders do not interfere with it.""Elder Elder, you have also seen this. Not only did Chufeng kill my disciple Wujiu, but he also cut off his head. I am a teacher and avenge him. Is there anything wrong with it?"“I’m going to make a break with Chu Feng on this stage of life and death today. If you say that I can’t deal with him, then I’m not saying anything. It’s very hard to quit this place of Qing Qingzong’s Keqing Elder and not do it for you. Qinglongzong people, but this Chufeng I must kill." Zhong from a guarding the road.When he spoke, even Li Elder was frowning. People on the off-site couldn't help sucking a cold air, because everyone could hear that Chung was away from the guard and was not to kill Chu Feng. No one can save Chu Feng."Elder Elder, please give me a quick reply. I can tell you whether or not this Chufeng can die or die on this life and death platform." Zhong left a guard and asked again.Li Elder is very embarrassed, because according to the rules, this grudge and animosity have no identity restrictions, as long as there are grudges, and if both sides are willing to do it, they can indeed sign a life and death and decide whether to live or die.In desperation, Li Elder looked to Su Rou, and quietly made a wink to Su Rou, and Su Rou was more than a confession to join in Chu Feng ear: "Chu Feng, this clock from a nurse to challenge you Don't fight, or no one can save you.""Reassured, I'm not stupid!" Chu Feng smiled, naturally he would not die because of a breath."Chu Feng, even if you should not fight today, the old man will inevitably kill you, no one can save you." It seems that he realized the intention of Chu Feng and others, the clock from a point guard Chu Feng roared up.At the same time, it spreads its own breath. It is like an invisible hurricane. It rolls in all directions. The powerful atmosphere is full of life and death. It is actually a basaltic four-fold. This clock is actually a Xuanwu four. Heavy strong.Fortunately, Li Elder stood in front of Su Rou and Chu Feng. Even though the Yuan Force was stronger, he was unable to shake Chu Feng and Su Rou. This time, Chu Feng and the two felt deeply that Li Elder was weak. There is so much power in the body.However, Li Elder, who just protected Chu Feng, did not have a shot. For this case, Chu Feng and Su Rou can understand it.After all, Chung Cheong, an eldest son of Qing Longzong, left Zhong Yiyi. The so-called Elder Keqing is the big man invited by Qinglong Zong. This kind of person cannot offend, even if it is Li Elder.Because all people can see that although Elder Li is unfathomable, his position is rather humble. It is not at all a grade with Zhong Qiyi.“Elder Elder, let it go, or else you don’t blame the old man for killing you.” The clock was really angry from a guard, and he took a step forward. The Hurricane Yuanli once again scored a point.Although Elder Elder did not give up, but he was frowning, showing that he was really embarrassed, and seeing such embarrassing Li Elder, Chu Feng was a little shaken, he was considering whether to continue to hide in this old man Behind.In this case, those who had long hoped that Chu Feng died were gloat because they had already seen Zhong Yiyi’s intention to kill. They felt that no one in Qinglong was able to keep Chu Feng. Maple must die."Big tone, the clock is leaving the Lao Lai. Since you are so arrogant, how can you play with you?"At the same time that everyone thinks that Chu Feng must die, it is also a voice that blew up in the air. At the same time, an atmosphere that is more powerful than the clock from the guards was instantly overshadowed here, and the bell had been removed from the guard. Breath, completely suppressed.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!