The 176th chapter of the marriage contract is advanced. “This is still false. Go ahead. Although you have now mastered the power of enchantment, it is not that simple. It is not that simple. The experience of the assessment is completely different. You'd better be mentally prepared so that you don't suffer from food and beverage frustration.” Zhuge Liu Yun hit the road."Oh, Master is assured that the disciple will not live up to your expectations and will not lose you."Chu Feng Le Tuo left, and after knowing how to save the eggs, the hanging heart finally settled down.In order to avoid suspicion from Zhuge Liuyun, Chu Feng did not refine it, and she had hundreds of spiritual beads, but she slept earlier and he slept very well this night.In the early morning of the next morning, when Tiangang was slightly bright, Chu Feng came to the residence of Zhuge Qingyun as if it were about. But in the square in front of the palace, it was already a sea of ​​people and gathered a large number of disciples and elders.Through the crowd, discovering Chu Feng's thriller, in the center of the square, Zhuge Liuyun is standing there, and behind the Zhuge Liuyun, there are actually two giant bald eagles.This is a very big statue, standing there three meters high, huge eagle claws like razor, sharp hawk eyes to the crowd, without a trace of fear, but have wiped the proud demeanor."Wow, it's a real bald eagle. It's so beautiful!" Looking at the two bald eagles, many girls showed their surprises and were happy to dance.“I heard that this thing is the best means of transportation. The price is extremely expensive. I have only two heads of the Qinglong Emperor, which was kept by the elders of Zhuge.” Someone uttered the origin of this bald eagle."Yeah, this thing is really good. It's just fun to watch it. I don't know how cool it would be to ride it and put it in a circle.""Elder elders rarely use this bald eagle and treat them as treasures.""It is said that the Elder King Elder of the Protectorate had a long way to go and wanted to use this bald-headed eagle. It was ruthlessly rejected by Elder Zhuge.""Before rejection, it is said that elders of Zhuge also stunk the meal of Wang Elder. He said that I could not bear to use it. You actually wanted to use it. It was a dream.""Yeah, today I actually used two white-headed sculptures. I don't know if there is any major event. Who will go and who will accompany him?"Everyone was pointing at the white-headed eagle. People were envious of Elder Zhuge and envied those who could ride white-headed eagles with Elder Zhuge.Because people are eager to feel it, soar to the sky and look down from the sky to stimulate the feeling.“Feng Er, it's time to go.” At this moment, Zhuge Liuyun waved her hand at Chu Feng of the crowd.The Chu Feng is also in full view, went to the side of the Zhuge Liuyun, involuntarily extended his hand to stroking that bald eagle, the heart is equally excited."Originally Chu Feng, God, is he going to accompany the elders of Zhuge to go out?""Surprised to be able to enjoy such treatment, it seems that this Chu Feng is really like the Elder Zhuge ah."After seeing Chu Feng, the people onlookers were all envious of color, envying Chu Feng to get the love of Zhuge Liuyun. However, compared to the simple envy of male disciples, many female disciples show more love.Chu Feng's talent has been demonstrated, and now he has become a disciple of Zhuge Liuyun. In this Qinglong ancestral status, it can be said that he is not worse than Gong Luyun.In addition, it was rumored that Chu Feng was a genius with spiritual power. Zhuge Liuyun chose to use it as a disciple because he had fancy his strong spiritual talent. People looked at Chu Feng even more.Therefore, today's Chu Feng has naturally become countless female disciples, the mate selection criteria in mind, even if Chu Feng is still a teenager, but it also can not stop those female disciples, the rippling spring heart."Chu Feng." A familiar voice sounded. Sumei stepped out of the crowd. She came to Chu Feng in front of her. She said, "Do you want to go out?""Well, I went to the border with the master to participate in the white robe examination of the division division." Chu Feng did not hide from the Soviet Union and the United States."To participate in the assessment of the spiritual division, congratulations, you have to become a division spirit." Sumei smiled sweetly."Oh, this is still unknown." Chu Feng humbled his head but hung his face with a confident smile."How long does it take?" Sumei asked again."A month." Chu Feng replied."So long!" Su Mei's face changed."What happened?" Chu Feng saw the clues."Nothing, happy for you." Sumei smiled sweetly, but she couldn't hide the worries in her heart. But she didn't speak any more. She turned to the crowd."Little America!" Chu Feng looked at God's kung fu, Su Mei has disappeared, Chu Feng rushed out of the crowd, looked around, but did not find the Soviet Union and the United States.However, another figure appeared in the sight of Chu Feng. It was Su Mei's sister Su Lu, the Qinglong Zong’s first beauty and she was standing not far from watching Chu Feng.Su Lu is an Elder of Inner Doors. Unless there is anything special, it will rarely come to the core area. Together with the strange emotions of the former Soviet Union and the United States, Chu Feng subconsciously knew that something must have happened."Su Rou, what happened?" Chu Feng took Su Lu and walked to a quiet place, which began to ask."You know, Xiaomei has a fiancé?" Su Lu asked not.“What happened to Shangguan’s Shang Guan Ya?” asked Chu Feng."It seems that you don't know anything or anything." Su Rou smiled and smiled weirdly and said again: "The wedding of Shang Guanya and Xiao Mei is ahead of schedule, just after one month!""A month later? Is this what your father meant?" Chu Feng looked ugly."No, this is not my father's meaning, but he is also very weak. This is a long story, it can be said to be a forced marriage." Su Rou said.“Forcing a marriage? A joke, an imposing lord of the city of Suzaku, was forced to marry a family in the city?” Chu Feng apparently did not believe."Don't underestimate the Shangguan family. He originally had the qualifications to compete for the rights of Zhuque City, and Zhuque City has found a backing. The current situation is very unfavorable to my Su family," said Su Rou."Backing? What backing!" Chu Feng asked."You don't want to ask these questions. In short, this is not something that you can manage. I only ask you one thing. Can you take Xiao Mei?" Su Luna, who is beautiful, stares at Chu Feng."Can not!" Chu Feng resolutely replied, without any hesitation."You ..." heard Chu Feng, Su soft beautiful cheeks, some Chu Feng was pale.Chu Feng did not explain anything but just turned to walk in the direction of the square."Chu Feng, I really misjudged you, Xiaomei even misunderstood you!" Su softly scolded the voice behind him.Chu Feng stopped the pace, and went back and said, "Why should I take Xiaomei to go? Elope? Escape? Why run? What have we done wrong? Or are we afraid of what?""....." Su Lu does not know how to answer. She does not understand what Chu Feng means."In this case, I will not escape Chu Feng. A month later, the Suzaku Mountains will not be seen."When Chu Feng left this sentence, he walked away and left Su Rusi thinking about it, but he was puzzled.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!