Chapter 184 meets Yang Tsai This twisted jungle is a huge form of battle. It was created at the beginning of the establishment of the Society of the Spirits. Through the successive transformations of the strong leaders of the World Spirits Association, this has distorted the jungle. The formation method is by no means an ordinary cultivator able to crack.Even if it is a spiritual psychiatrist, it is very likely that he will enter the lost path. If there is no guidance, he will not be able to leave this place for a lifetime and starve to death.Although the twisted jungle is called the jungle, in fact, there are not only trees, stone carvings, and iron pillars. However, no matter what they are, they are attached to the enchantment, and there is no practice of Xuanwujing. Do not even think of destroying this one. As soon as it is a master of Xuanwujing, we must also look at the specific cultivation and skill.Chu Feng three people walking in, relying on the spiritual power of Chu Feng, as well as the observation of the spirit of the compass, the matrix method could not stop the three-step Chu Feng.However, just recently, Chu Feng saw a familiar face. It was also from Qingzhou, a disciple of the seven-star elderly, who was crushed by Chu Feng.In addition, there were four more people around Yangzhai. These four people were dressed as first-class disciples, and they were not weak. The three were four in Yuanwu and the other was in Yangzi. Also Wu Wu Wu Yuan, and from his service on Chu Feng can see that this is the core disciple of Ling Yunzong."Chu... Chu Feng!" After seeing Chu Feng, Yang Zi was extremely shocked. He had no teeth, and he first called it with a groan. Then he was full of fear. It was clear that Chu Feng left him a shadow."Chu Feng? Yang Chui is this to call you a friend of this morality?" After listening to Yang Zi's words, the other four people turned their eyes to Chu Feng and scorned.It can be seen that they have already heard about Chu Feng and Yang Zi, but they are skeptical about the repairs of Chu Feng. After all, Yang Tzu is a Wu Wu Wu Zhong, and Chu Feng is only a member of Yuan Wu. Only one weight."Liu said we are ready to go." Yang Tsai turned to leave, and also went to see the Wu Yuan Zhong Yun Wuzong disciples.“Hey, Yang Zi, what are you doing? Are you really afraid of this boy?” But that Liu table thrown off the hands of Yang Tsai, more interested in watching Chu Feng."Yang Tsai don't be afraid, and the brothers will take revenge for you." The other three were already scattered and set up a powerful enchantment and blocked Chu Feng's retreat."Chu Feng, great things are not good, the other is so strong!" Faced with this situation, that sexy young girl face became tense, the other party did not cover up the atmosphere, the control of the enchantment is also a winner, so she was emboldened.And that strong juvenile, but also full of fear and regret, fear is naturally caused by the impetus of Yang Liu Tsai and other people scared. Remorse is a regret for himself, for cheap, want to rely on Chu Feng's means through this distorted jungle, but did not think that Chu Feng has such an enemy, but also just happened to meet here, implicating him.This distorts the relative closure of the jungle. It is not uncommon for the enemy to meet and kill each other. Almost no one will pursue it. This is also the most dangerous place to distort the jungle."Chu Feng, read in our copy from Qingzhou, I give you a chance to admit mistakes, from the broken front teeth, I let you a horse."Liu table stood not far away, like a king, looking down at the humble civilians, but he gave Chu Feng a chance, but his eyes revealed cold killing intentions."Well, now we have several brothers together, they will work together to abolish this kid." And see Liu table and other people insisted on this, that Yang Zi will no longer escape, also exposed the killing."The puppies are very good people. There are so many fox friends, but I don't think they can help you. Instead, they have to pit you."Chu Feng smiled a little, and then the big sleeves suddenly waved, an invisible hurricane spread out with it as the center, actually instantaneously disintegrate the three-personed enchantment.“This...” At this moment, everyone on the court was shocked, but the most surprising was still behind, because just after the enchantment smashed, another powerful enchantment emerged and the Yangzhai and others were already All of them are blocked.The strength of this enchantment was obviously more than the previous one, and the reason why they were so surprised was that this enchantment was arranged by Chu Feng and he had never even touched it. It is completely dependent on the spiritual power to control the power of enchantment."If you want to make me break my teeth, do you have this ability?"When the idea of ​​Chu Feng was turned, he trained him as a warrior, and he spread it out without reservation. But that kind of powerful coercion was enough to make everybody in this enlightenment tremble. Even the former imposing momentum. The pressing willow table cannot be calm at the moment."By bluffing, do you really think that I'll be fooled by your blindness?"Liu table does not believe that Chu Feng is so strong, raises his hand, Yuan Li surging, then wait for power to make sexy young girls and Jianshuo juvenile, not help his wrinkles, hiding behind Chu Feng, because of this attack, It is not that they can resist.However, in the eyes of teenagers and young girls, and their powerful attacks, they are not worth mentioning in Chu Feng. Chu Feng hasn’t even moved, relying only on the pressure of his own Yuan Wu. Willow's attack collapsed."A group of waste, only this kind of strength, but also want to be the beginning of others?""Give me your Majesty!" Chu Feng coldly slammed, the coercion deepened, and the invisible atmosphere surged in this enchantment space. The fierce power and the air made strange sounds. Chu Feng finally showed himself. The real strength.Under such powerful pressure, Liu Tsung and others lost their previous momentum. “Yongtong” collapsed to the ground and could not resist this pressure. It was just that Yang Tsai was still standing in place. From this we can see that , this Liu table and other people's repair, is far less than that Yang Zi.Faced with this scene, the handsome boy and the sexy girl are full of wonderful faces. Although they are not oppressed by Chu Feng's breath, they can also see that Chu Feng is relying on his own coercion and will have three yuan. Wu Sizhong, a master of Wuwu Wuzhong, collapsed abruptly by hard living pressure."Fragging your teeth, spare your life," Chu Feng said coldly."No thought!" One of them shouted."Want to die?" Chu Feng smiled slightly, and then flexed a finger and fired a finger in a thunderbolt. Like a sword, he pierced the man's chest."Ah ~ ~" The man screamed, then he couldn't help him on the ground, even though he had no breath."Chu Feng, you dare to kill us, you are dead, our doors will not let you go, not only you, even your door will also perish." See Chu Feng really killed the killer. The other two were shocked and scared."Ji La La." And its voice just fell, two lightning flashed, these two have fallen down.After thunder measures were adopted to resolve the three people, Chu Feng turned his cold eyes on Liu Watch and Yang Tsai."Chu Feng, let me, let me, I no longer dare not respect your teacher!" Yang Tsai scared in tears, actually take the initiative to ask for mercy to Chu Feng."Chu Feng, I have broken the front teeth, and this is broken. Please do not kill me." That Liu table is simply, even raising his hand to his mouth three consecutive fists, all his front teeth broken, bright red The blood flowed out. It wasn't awkward. It was a sad reminder.However, for the performance of these two people, Chu Feng was blank and cold: "It's late!"The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!