Chapter 186 Putting Tigers Back on the Hill Chufeng used lightning to knock down the community clan and put it under his feet. Such a move was too bold.This makes Jianshuo juveniles and sexy girls stunned. The expressions are more exciting and more exciting, but they are more fearful. After all, they have been linked with Chu Feng. Chu Feng offended the community clan, and even they To be implicated."This brother, I do not know whether he can let him go?" The high clan of the community clan did not shoot, but respectfully asked Chu Feng.As for the reason why he did not shoot, it is also very simple. After seeing the strength of Chu Feng and seeing the means of Chu Feng again, he and Chu Feng started their careers. Undoubtedly, they are seeking to find their own way."Give him a horse, then he will let me?" Chu Feng sneered."This brother, I Kwon to Heaven, guarantees that today's events will never be counted on. If my brothers dare to seek you trouble, you do not need to give them a shot. I will teach him for you."The juvenile raised his hand to ensure that his breath was exhaled. It turned out that this was a master of the six elements of the Yuan Wu.Chu Feng frowned slightly, he was a little embarrassed, at first he was planning to kill these two people, by the way to snatch their body, because they can escape the Chufeng spiritual force, it is definitely a treasure.However, he saw the sincerity in the eyes of this world, and this community has given his breath, not to demonstrate to Chu Feng, but to express sincerity, let Chu Feng understand his details."This brother, formerly my younger brother was not good enough to speak up. These are compensations."Jie Chuan took his bag of Qiankun, and took down the Qiangkun bags from the horizontal waistline. After taking out the two compasses, he handed the two Qiankun bags to Chu Feng.Chu Feng took over Qiankun bags and discovered through investigation that there are dozens of beads and some healing drugs. For ordinary people, the things inside are valuable, but they are not for Chu Feng. What counts, but in the face of such a border river, Chu Feng really can not be angry, because Chu Feng is to eat soft not eat hard master.Chu Feng took out the two Qiankun bags and stuffed them into his own Qiankun bags, and then returned the two empty Qiankun bags to Jie Chuan. This would have crossed the boundaries of the earth and said: " You have a good brother.""I'll slaughter you!" After the world gets rid of the trap, it's mad.Can not wait for Chu Feng shot, a resounding slap in Jie Chuan, it fell on the border Heng's face, angered and said: "Isn't enough shame? Quickly give me roll!"As soon as the voice just fell, Kakcheon struck out against the bounds and pulled him out of a distance of ten meters. Although the division was very angry, he did not dare to disagree with Jie Chuan. He did not say anything after climbing up, but was evil. After taking a look at Chu Feng, he left."Chufeng Brothers, thank you for the face of Jie Chuan, we are not acquainted with each other. If he has a good day, I will invite you to drink.” Jie Chuan smiled and arched his hand against Chu Feng. Go away in the direction of departure."The brothers of Chufeng, you have a great misfortune!" After the two disappeared from their eyes, Jianshuo's youth was full of horror."You really shouldn't let them go. It's just a tiger." The sexy girl is even more direct."If you are afraid, you can choose to go back now. I will point out a way for you to go back." Chu Feng laughed.The two were silent. Although Chu Feng provoked the enemy, they were very scared. However, through the second pass, the temptation for them was also great. After all, as long as the second pass was passed, the white shirt could be purchased. The money, but it is a thousand Lingzhu, for whom is not a small number."If you are not afraid, then you will continue to walk. I guarantee that you will safely pass through this distorted jungle." Chu Feng finished this sentence and continued to move forward. As for the two behind him, he quickly followed him.Chu Feng, who had put the tiger back to the mountain, did not understand it, especially after he had seen it. After the clansmen of the community had hidden their breath, Chu Feng was cautiously walking along the way.After this, they actually encountered several ethnic clans, but they only looked at Chu Feng's arrogant attitude. After a few people looked at Chu Feng, they hurried away, as if they were afraid that Chu Feng and others would follow them.After a few moments of hurry, they finally emerged from the twisted jungle when the sun was falling. At the exit of the twisted jungle, they received the White Spirit Gown and a seed of a spiritual fruit."This thing really can save the eggs?"Looking at the palm of the hand, Chu Feng, like the size of the apricot kernel and the seed of the green spirit, has some suspicions. Because this thing has some strange fluctuations, but it is weak, Chu Feng is really skeptical.However, he looked at the exit not far away, and thought that when he stepped out there, he could see the Shura Ghost Tower. After that, in the ghost tower, after the change of this seed, Chu Feng resolutely walked out.When Chu Feng three walked out of the twisted jungle, their eyes were all attracted by an ancient pagoda not far away. This tower is not high, only six floors, but it is very attractive.The appearance of the ancient tower is very unique. It is like a sharp giant tooth rising from the ground. The whole body is black, but under the setting sun, it emits a strange red light, as if it were the essence of black, and it is covered with a red blood coat. Strange.Although such an ancient pagoda is somewhat horrible, it gives a person a beautiful feeling, and this is also its charm, because it is the legendary Shura Pagoda.It is just that the Shura Pagoda is closed at this moment. All those who want to pass this third level are waiting in a square outside the Ghost Tower. After the Ghost Tower is opened, they all step into it."The Shilla Pagoda, I really want to go inside and bow." Jian Shuo's face is full of longing."For you? Or forget, you enter it, just the coercion of the first floor, you can kill you to death." The girl did not mercy hit the road.For young girls, the juvenile did not refute this because the girl said it was true. This Shura Pagoda is not an ordinary spiritual division to step in. This is why he did not intend to enter the Shura Pagoda.“Chu Fengdi, I wish you can go up to the third floor. It is said that the third layer will allow the seed of the fruit to grow out of leaves. The seed of the fruit of that time was very valuable.” The sexy girl, who sent her own seed of the spiritual fruit Gave Chu Feng."Chufeng Brothers, you must be able to. I will wait for you outside. After you are successful, come here and find me. I invite you to have a big meal!"Jianshuo juvenile also gave Chu Feng his own spiritual fruit seeds, and handed him an address of Chu Feng, where he rested outside the Society of Spirits.Although the seed of Spiritual Fruit is indeed valuable, with the help of Chu Feng, they have already obtained the White Spirit Gown for free and saved a thousand Yuan beads, so they are grateful to Chu Feng and naturally do not care. This fruit seed.After Jian Shuo Juvenile and Young Girl left, Chu Feng also entered a square. All people who are ready to step into the spirit ghost tower wait here and wait for it to darken.While in Chufeng, when he stepped into this square, the eyes of a pair of murderous planes had already been quietly staring at Chu Feng.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!