Chapter 187 Third Pass This strange look made Chu Feng aware that, looking down at the cold eyes, it was because the Jie Clan who was stepped on at the foot of his foot was far behind. , staring at yourself badly.In addition to the borders, there are dozens of clan clan members. This puts Chu Feng under pressure. These clan clansmen are very strong, especially the young man who is called extraordinary, and he is already a master of Qiuwu Qizhong. .But fortunately, Jie Chuan has always been accompanied by the side of the world. When the world saw the wrong light, they pulled the boundaries and imposed severe gaze on them. Under the threat of Jie Chuan, Jie Heng did not say much. What, but to look elsewhere.This scene, let Chu Fengan down the heart, it can be seen that Jie Chuan is also a word of speech and trustworthy, at least they did not Chu Feng mad step on the world, told the people of the same family, or the geniality of the community clan, I am afraid at this moment The trouble of coming to Chufeng early.In addition to the community clan, there are dozens of people on the other side. It is the genius of the Society of the Spirits. The opposition between the two sides is very obvious. It can be seen that within this Shura ghost tower, there will be some sparks.In addition to the divisions of the spirit and the clan, there are dozens of scattered people like Chu Feng, that is to say, many people participate in this assessment of white robes, but eventually dare to challenge this Shura ghost tower, but even three hundred None of them."Looking at the elders of the Society of the Spirits."Suddenly, someone exclaimed, and saw that from the side of the square, a large number of troops appeared, all of them were masters of the Spiritual Society, each of them wearing a grey shirt, and surrounded by these masters, there were three. The old man whose name is always white.These old men, who did not wear the representative robes, were dressed in plain cloths. Although they were all white, they were ruddy. They could feel that they had a long breath, but they could not measure the depth. They were genuine. Xiuwu masters, I am afraid that all are basaltic peaks."That.. Isn't it a community clan? They are coming?"At this time, on the other side of the square, a large group of men dressed in black was also seen. There were also numerous masters. The three old men were headed for the same unfathomable cultivation, but their eyes were unusually proud. This is exactly the community clan."The men and women of the Jie clan have also come. The Realm of the Community has allowed the clan to enter their own territory.""You don't understand this. Today is a special day. The excellent descendants of the community clan have come here. To avoid being bullied by future generations, elders naturally have to be present.""What's more, the local spiritual clan and the clan have long ceased fighting for a long time. Today, it is an alliance of forces. The clan can of course come here."Chu Feng can hear people's whispered comments vaguely, and he has further learned that the relationship between the community clan and the Society of the Spirits, although the two are hostile, is well known, but at least on the surface, both Or alliance.Perhaps the relationship between the two forces is not as hostile as people think. Maybe the two are really incompetent. As for what exactly it is, only their top leaders know that Chu Feng is too lazy to think.After these two troops appeared, they did not enter the square. Instead, they entered a palace opposite the Shura Pagoda where you can see everything from the Shura Pagoda. It should be a place to rest.At the same time, the elite of the Society of the Spirits began to talk about the precautions and rules of entering the Shura Pagoda. It is probably that if it cannot withstand the spiritual pressure, it will leave the Shuluo Pagoda as soon as possible, without strong support, or it will lose its life.In addition, a talisman is also given to each person. If he cannot support it and cannot automatically escape from the Shura Pagoda, he smashes the letter. The Shura Society sends someone to rescue him. Of course, any person who shimmes is considered Failure of the appraisal will result in the loss of the qualifications for purchasing the white robes.After the rules were finished, the rays of sunlight were no longer there. The sky and the earth were replaced by the night. The Shura Pagoda in the darkness was even more bizarre because it was not dark but it was in the black tower. Inside and outside, it emits a shimmering red light, as if it were made from blood. It is strange and beautiful.Under the darkness of the night, Shura’s pagoda was like a devil's mouth and finally opened slowly. After the gate opens, it is not the internal structure of the Shura Pagoda that appears before people's eyes. It is a blood-red enchantment entrance, which is the real entrance to the Shura Pagoda.Suddenly, some people shouted loudly. Immediately afterwards, the genius of the Society of the Spirits and the genius of the community clan rushed in unison. They were all very fast and exhibited good practices.In particular, the top genius Gu Bo of the Society of the Spirits and the representative genius of the community clan are extraordinary. The two genius boys with the 7th genius of the Yuan Wu were all killed in the Shura Pyramid in an instant and showed a preliminary appearance. Extraordinary means.After these two arranging people rushed in, other people dared to approach Shura’s Pagoda. Chu Feng was not in a hurry. Instead, he took three seeds of Lingguo in his hands, followed the flow of people and stepped into the spiritual ghost tower. .Entering the entrance of the blood-red enchantment, Chufeng first experienced a period of darkness, and when its eyes appeared light, a powerful pressure swept from all directions.Spiritual pressure and spiritual pressure are eroding the body of Chu Feng, but when Chu Feng spreads his spiritual power out, he effectively resists the pressure, and Chu Feng can clearly feel that it is under this pressure. Under the disturbance, the seed of the spirit fruit in the hands of Chufeng changed.But if we don't want to see Chu Feng to see what the seed of the seed is, there will be screams around it. Someone will not be able to withstand the oppressive pressure. It is already seven holes that bleed and roll on the ground with pain.Suddenly, the man took his hand to the front. It turned out that his amulet fell a short distance away, but at the moment he was apparently lost, and he picked up the abilities.At this moment, a large number of people are pouring into it. But for such a scene, most people are watching with disdain. Even some people do not even look at him at all, but sit on the floor and start to provide spiritual support to the spirits in their hands. Fruit seeds."It's human indifference." Chu Feng shook his head and came to the man's body, picking up the character that belonged to him, but did not return it to him, but instead took the man back.At this moment, many people are puzzled. Even the one on Chu Feng’s back is sly and sly, as if he was protesting why Chu Feng did not help him smash the amulet and save his life.However, when Chu Feng carried him to the entrance of the enchantment and put that symbol into his Qian Kun bag, he suddenly realized that Chu Feng was not only saving him, but helping him.The real help is not to help him smash the amulet, because squeezing the amulet will make him fail in assessment. Chu Feng wants him to be able to escape from danger and be successful.Chu Feng pushed the man out. At this moment, Chu Feng could see that the man's grateful eyes could also feel the strange eyes around him. After all, he was carrying a man and walked inside this spiritually charged Shura ghost tower. It's a lot of energy, and most people don't do it."Oh, you are full of love." But at this moment, a strange voice, but some familiar voices, suddenly Chu Feng behind.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!