The 158th chapter of the Association VS Association back to wait and see, Chu Feng noticed that the Shura ghost tower is very grand interior, and very large, and in the stairs leading to the second floor, it is standing on three people.The middle is not someone else, it is the boundary, and the two who stand beside the boundary are also the boundary clan, and they are all exudes the six flavors of Yuan Wu at the moment.Chu Feng swept around and found the first floor of the Shura Guiku Tower. Although many people sat in it, but in addition to three people outside the boundary, they did not find any other community clan people. It can be seen that this sector is intentionally left to wait for him. of."Is your brother to let you stay?" Chu Feng heart is very unhappy, after all, at this time Jie Chuan was not in the industry sideways, which makes Chu Feng think that Jie Chuan is likely to be deliberately.“What? I still want to let my brother threaten me? I tell you, you haven’t got a chance because you can't get on the second floor.” The industry stared at Chu Feng with a smirk and smiled at the sight of Chu Feng. Maple is hated."Yao Heng, are you really defeated by such a kid?" One of the community clan people, after consulting Chu Feng is very puzzled.“You don’t look too much at him. He does have some means and cannot be treated as an ordinary Yuan Wu.” Jie Wang reminded."No matter how good, it's just Yuan Wu. It's just that you and I have shot together. We will solve this problem and go quickly. Don't waste too much time here.” The line clan people looked at another yuan. Wu Chong of the community clan."Well." The man nodded his head and cast a fierce sight on Chu Feng. The two were to take Chu Feng's shot."Oh, did the community clan partner to bully people again?" But at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded, and he would only look at the corner of this Shura's Ghost Tower, standing with five figures.This is three men and two women. The breath of the five people is not weak. They are all six members of the Yuan Wu. At the moment, they are looking at the horizontal lines and waiting for people to smile. It is the geniuses of the Society of the Spirits who look at the dress."Ma Qiang, don't you hurry up. What are you doing here?" Asked, the community clan named Jie Jiegang asked."I know that you are a community clan and bully others. As a person of the Society of the Spirits, I am naturally obliged to maintain a fair environment for assessment." The man known as Ma Qiang, smiling and talking, Still not forgetting to see Chu Feng, kindly nodded to Chu Feng."Ma Qiang, do you really want to have no business?" The Jie Clan people face is very ugly."How is it?" Ma Qiang said, laughing indifferently.“Well, walking.” The community clan cry, they walked up, after all, facing the five Yuan Wu six masters, they have no confidence. And after the unwillingness of the industry saw Chu Feng, he had no choice but to follow the past."This brother, thank you." Chu Feng went to Ma Qiang and other people in front of him and bowed politely. After all, they did not know each other, but they were willing to take the lead for themselves. This made Chu Feng very grateful."This brother is very kind. My name is Ma Qiang. I don't know how the brothers call it." That Ma Qiang was very kind, and the four people beside him were all kind and nodded to Chu Feng.“In the lower Chu Feng.” Chu Feng replied with a smile. He was very impressed by the people of the Society of the Spirits. Because from the beginning, the geniuses of the Society of the Spirits did not have any shelves. They were very kind to everyone.This contrasted sharply with the genius of the Jie Clan. Especially at this moment, after Ma Qiang and others came out to help him, Chu Feng was even more interested in the people of this spiritual guild."The original is the Chufeng Brothers. The spiritual power of the Chufeng Brothers is very good. In this first tier, you can't face redness and not breathe. It seems that you will not be satisfied here. Are you ready to enter the second floor? Ma Qiang asked with a smile."En." Chu Feng smiled and nodded."In that case, go with us." Ma Qiang smiled, and he took the lead to the second floor."There is work." And Chu Feng naturally understands Ma Qiang's meaning. Ma Qiang is afraid that Jie Heng and others will find it difficult for Chu Feng. So he wants to protect Chu Feng on the second floor.Chu Feng followed behind Ma Qiang and turned to set foot on the stairs leading to the second floor. At the end of the stairs, it was also an entrance for enchantment. After that, it was the real second floor.At the moment of entering the enchantment entrance, Chu Feng felt that the spiritual pressure was several times stronger, but for Chu Feng, it was still superficial and completely within the tolerance range. Looking back at Ma Qiang and others beside him, they showed some pressure, but they were all able to bear it.After entering the second floor, they turned a few more turns and entered the main hall. However, when Chu Feng looked around, the sight could not be attracted by a group of people, because the group was like the previous one. Like them, it blocked the way to the third floor.There are twenty-five members of the community clan, of whom twenty are five in the Yuanwu, five are six in the Yuanwu, and two in the horizontal and just want to help Jie Heng to deal with Chu Feng. The person headed was actually Jiechuan.When the world saw Chu Feng, the corners of the mouth could not help but set off a sneer, but Jie Chuan was frowning and looked up at Chu Feng, as if telling Chu Feng, and others from Ma Qiang and others.For the meaning of Jie Chuan, Chu Feng can understand that because he knows this group of community clan people, he is not waiting for him. What they have to deal with is Ma Qiang and other members of the Society of the Spirits.Because at this moment, in front of these community clan, there are these young girls and teenagers lying on the ground, all of them are people of the Society of the Spirits."You, the group of damned things, dare to scatter in the land of my spiritual guild!" Upon seeing this, Ma Qiang and others angered and shouted."Oh, what is this? It is obviously their own spiritual power is too weak to withstand the spiritual pressures here and what matters to us." The community clan sneer again and again."Oh, then I'd like to see if you can bear the spiritual pressure here." Ma Qiang was too lazy to crap, and with his four companions beside him, he displayed a variety of powerful martial arts skills and went to the group of community clan opposite. People attacked the past."Look for death, and it will be yours!" The community clan is not to be outdone, and the aggressive men and women are fighting together.The repairs of Ma Qiang and others are not weak. After all, they are all six elements of Yuan Wu. However, they may have been affected by the pressure of spiritual pressure and they have failed to exert their true level. Together with the number of ethnic clan members, they have occupied Absolute advantage, so they obviously lost, and soon fell into a disadvantage."Ma Qiang, you are clamoring for mercy. We will consider putting you on a horse and letting you step on the third floor." Some people in the Jie Clan said."Let me kneel on you for mercy and dreams!" Ma Qiang bluntly said."Then don't blame us for being paralyzed. Today, you will have to stop at this second floor.""Wow," and his voice just fell, he suddenly screamed and everyone saw a figure flew out. He eventually slammed against the wall and vomited his blood before he passed out.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!