The 183rd chapter of the twisted jungle girl who had been undistinguished in the jungle, took a look at the handsome boy and passed it. Before coming to the black iron statue, he suddenly lifted his leg and launched an offensive. The repairs have already been revealed.The girl's leg is very good, the speed is fast, she gives birth to the afterimage, the strength is strong, and the mad wind is set off. This is not a simple leg method, but a kind of martial arts, a kind of powerful leg technique, absolutely not low. In the fourth paragraph."Hang" kicked on the fifth leg of the girl's fifth leg, and a roar sounded. The black iron statue was stricken by the maiden and scattered to the ground."I see no, change to do this Miss me, as long as five strokes," the young girl proudly glanced at Jianshuo juvenile.And that handsome boy is now ugly in his face, because even if the young girl is either cultivated or is really stronger than him, even if he is satirized, he is still speechless. Whoever makes him show off in front of others? With."Well, it's not bad. Qualified." The person in the Society of the Spirits was also satisfied and nodded.At this moment, among the four people present, three of them all subconsciously turned their attention to Chu Feng, especially the strong youngster, looking to Chu Feng's eyes, full of expectations.After the girl's shot, he felt that he had no face, but he knew that he could find his face in Chu Feng's body because he could feel that the cultivation of Chu Feng was just a matter of weight.The test at the moment has nothing to do with the technique of enchantment, but a simple repair as a test, so Jianshuo juvenile think that there is Chu Feng, he will not be the most shameful, it will not be the bottom.Under the watchful eyes of three people, Chu Feng lifted his chest and raised his head. Before he came to the statue of Xuan Tie, he saw his first five fingers spread out, and then he held tightly and raised his hand against the black iron statue. It is a punch.The speed of Chu Feng’s boxing was surprisingly fast. When he was really like lightning, he only listened to the sound of “boom,” and the sturdy black iron statue was turned into smashing in Chu Feng’s fist, not torn apart. But it's really true."A move, he actually only used a move!"Looking at the scattered fragments of the statues, all the three were shocked. The girl's surprised little mouth was slightly raised. Her eyes were tightly staring at Chu Feng, revealing shocks she could not tell.Even the elders of the Society of the Spirits also blinked. After a long time, they were relieved. They nodded slightly and smiled with satisfaction: "Yes, it's a rare good seed.""However, this guy is obviously just Yuan Wuyi. He couldn't use military techniques. Such an understatement would smash the mysterious iron statue."However, at the moment, the expression is the most exciting, or the strong young man, he could not think of anyway, in his eyes as weak as Chu Feng, even tough to this extent.Such a strike, I am afraid even if it is the strong Wuwu Wu, it may not be able to do it, but only Yuan Wu Chufeng has done, this shows what? As long as some people with IQ, they can think of the powerful.After conducting the test of force, it began to test the technique of enchantment, mainly controlling the enchantment, and the firmness of enchantment, as well as the sensitivity of spiritual force.At first, that strong young boy, he was skeptical of Chu Feng, and felt that Chu Feng’s force was strong and strong, and he doubted that Chu Feng would devote most of his time to Xiu Wu. There may be less skill in the art of community, and it may not be that he and the girl are terrible.However, when Chu Feng demonstrated his means of enchantment, no matter whether he was a teenager, or a young girl, or even a division of the spirit division, he was stunned and completely conquered by the strength of Chu Feng.In the end, all three of them successfully passed the test and passed the first pass of the white robe examination. They can get a new token and leave here to buy the white spirit.However, after the assessment is over. The spiritual psychic of the World Spiritual Council left the name of Chu Feng, and evaluated Chu Feng as a rare talent."Chu Feng Brothers, you really do not cover this strength, I really admire the five-body cast."“Chu Fengdi, with your strength, it is definitely necessary to challenge the second level, not as good as our peers?”After passing the first pass, the trio walked out of the main hall. Whether it was a juvenile boy or a sexy young girl, she began to have a relationship with Chu Fengtao, especially the sexy young girl, but also wanted to go with Chu Feng.After all, the second level is to distort the jungle. There is not only a high requirement for all aspects of the spiritual psychiatrist, but also a certain requirement for force. Because in the twisted jungle, the most dangerous is not the organs and the formation but the people, so whatever How to look, with Chu Feng, will make it easier for them to pass customs."Then go with it." Chu Feng smiled and nodded."Wonderful, can go with the brother of Chu Feng, this second pass is not scared!" Jian Shuo juvenile, happy laughing."Who said that he wants to take you." But the young girl was jealous of the teenager. Like this assessment, everyone will care more about themselves and will not be burdensome for no reason, but in the eyes of young girls, This strong boy is a burden."I ..." Jianshuo juvenile seemed to say something, but in the end he swallowed it and his face was disappointed."Meeting is the fate, we three people together." But at this time, Chu Feng has nothing to say."Chufeng Brothers, you are really good, rest assured, I will not delay." Heard Chu Feng, strong juvenile rejoicing, his face is the color of moving, touched not forgetting to save the chest to ensure .After Chu Feng had spoken, although the girl was reluctant, she did not say anything. After all, she even wanted to rely on the strength of Chu Feng to pass through this distorted jungle. Even the snuggle people had spoken. What did she say? Rights refused.In this way, after the trio had walked out of the main hall, they did not hold the token that passed through the first pass to buy the white robes of the community, but continued to deepen into the twisted jungle.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!