The 18th chapter in the forest screamed (Gan more 14) "I said Chu Feng, you do not work, ah, a full day without any gain." Looking at the dried parcel of Chu Feng, Chu Xue smirked and sang up ."Isn't it when you add ten people together that the harvest seems to be no better than me?" Chu Feng glanced at the same dry parcel of Chu Snow and others."I can't figure out what Chu Wei thinks. He actually divided your ten pustules into one group, and ten pustules also ran around in the middle. Are you coming out on picnics, are enough food for you?""Fart." Heard Chu Feng's words, Chu Xue was furious, and the nine minions beside him were also unhappy.In particular, Chu Chugao pointed to Chu Feng and shouted: "Dare to disrespect my lady, believe it or not I abandon you.""If you think you are OK, you can come here and try it." Chu Feng scolded Chu with a glance, and he continued to bow down to eat dry food."Do you think I dare?" Chu Gao talked, he walked toward Chu Feng with great momentum. His whirlwind was rising under the foot and a large number of leaves rolled up. The strength of the four forces of Lingwu was fully displayed.Just as Chu Gao was just close to Chufeng, Chu Feng suddenly raised his head and ran a pair of eyeballs and shot two Hanmang, such as the sharp blade piercing Chu Gao's eyes.At this moment, Chu Gao hurried to stop the pace, and then retaliated again, because when he saw a glimpse of Chu Feng eyes, he felt something, deterrence.This deterrent force made Chu Gao feel a cold back and a panic in his heart because he had felt this deterrent force. Therefore, he knew very well how terrible the people who could pose such a threat to him.Although he also felt unbelievable, after all, Chu Feng is only four times Xiuwu, and has just entered the inner door, but this deterrent force told him not to play against Chu Feng.Deeply swallowed, Chu Gao resolutely turned, dingy back.And such a scene is to let Chu Xue and others be overwhelmed. How can they be returned without playing? This is too shameful!But if they let them know that Chu Gao was scared back by Chu Feng's eyes, they would feel even more shameful."Chu Gao, what happened to you?" Chu Snow scolded him with anger."Miss, I ...." Chu Gao did not know how to answer.Looking at the appearance of Chugao Nagao, Chu Xueqi’s gnashing teeth, but I do not know what to do is good, and finally can only describe evil spirits to Chu Feng:"Chu Feng, you really have a good time. Forget the time when I was a child when I was beaten up by Hong Fei Ge?""I tell you, you better never go back to Chu. Otherwise, I will let Hong Feige to make you worse."After listening to Chu Xue’s words, Chu Feng’s hands gripped suddenly and the dry food in his hands was pinched into smash. A blast of wind swept away from the center and drove the Chu Xue and other people back and forth. Even Chu Gao was difficult withstand.Chu Hongfei, who had given Chu Feng a heavy humiliation, Chu Feng will never forget. He was only eight years old that year. He was beaten up by ten-year-old Chu Hongfei and he lay half full on the bed. Months.The most important thing is that afterwards, Chu Hung-fei came to seek advice from Chu Hung-fei. He was also beaten and bruised. This matter became a thorn in the heart of Chu Feng. If one did not pull it out, it would be painful to think of it. .Chu Feng slowly raised his head and his eyes were full of cold, with a very cold voice against Chu Snow Road:"Chu Xue, you told Chu Hongfei. This year, I will go back and let him give me a good preparation for asking for mercy.""And now, you'd better disappear right away in my sight, or I'll let you regret all your life."Change is usual, Chu Xue will certainly rebut Chu Feng, but now she did not have the guts, Chu Feng exudes breath at the moment, let her legs soft, the body trembles, she knows this feeling is called fear.In the end, Chu Xue did not return to her mouth, but turned to the depths of the mountain forest. As for the higher Chu people are also rushing to keep up, because like Chu Xue, can not resist the gas field of Chu Feng.After Chu Xue and others left, Chu Feng simply cleared up and continued on the road.Because he knew that Chu Hongfei was not a fuel-efficient lamp. Not only was he the best player in the Chu family at that time, but his achievements were second only to Chu Qingyu.Chu Hongfei is the Chu family. In addition to Chu Yuyu, the only one who entered the first-class ancestral door and was able to be admitted to first-class ancestral doors has already demonstrated his qualifications for repairing Wu.And that Chu Hongfei had never returned to the Chu family since he was admitted to the Sect of the Sovereign. No one knows what strength he is.However, Chu Feng felt that Chu Hongfei’s clan would probably return to Chu this year. After all, his father was also one of the candidates for the family’s election.However, with Chu Hongfei’s qualifications, even if it does not reach the six levels of spiritual force, it is at least five times that of Lingwu. Therefore, Chu Feng must increase its strength as soon as possible, and at least it must achieve Wuwu."Ah, don't touch me~~~~"But when Chu Feng had just walked out of the city, a sharp shout came from the forest. The sound was actually Chu Xue.At this moment, Chu Feng's brow was slightly wrinkled. After a slight hesitation, he flew in the direction of the voice.At the same time, an unbearable scene is taking place in an open space in the mountains.There were nine people in the Chu area, and shivering stood on one side and his face was covered with fear. In the center of the open space, Chu Xue was being played by three men.All three of them have young people in their twenties. Their faces are extremely insignificant. But behind them, they carry a mysterious iron sword, but they are members of the Kendo League."This teacher is not afraid, we are not malicious, just want to chat with you."One of the men with pock-marks was pulling Chu Xue’s purple robe and one of his sleeves had been ripped off to reveal his white skin."Oh, it's so white. I like this kind of supple girl."The other two were also chaotic in Chu Xue's body. They were blind and obscene, and a large amount of saliva had already flowed from the mouth."As a fellow, if you do this to me, will you not fear that the elders will fall upon you?" Chu Xue was in tears, unable to fight."Sister and sister, we are protecting you. The elders praised us for not having enough time. How could we punish you?""That is, with this group of pustules, you will only be more dangerous, or just stay with us. Wait until the end of hunting, we will give you some rewards, eh ...."Already in the night, the three men were extremely lonely. They could meet such sheep as Chu Xue at this time. How could they let it go?"Three brothers, I ask you to let go of my lady." Chu Gao shivered for mercy.However, when the voice came down, one of the members of the Kendo League team pulled out the mysterious iron sword behind him and waved a wave against Chu Gao.After the breeze, a bloody wound appeared on Chu Gao's leg, and he slammed on the floor.Upon seeing this, the Chu family were frightened to retreat again and again, and they could defeat Chu Gao with one blow, and this man must be a spiritual and five-fold cultivation.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!