The one hundred and ninety-nine chapter of the raging and sudden incident caused many people to feel surprised. Although the community clan wanted to keep all the people of the Society of the Spirits here, they did not think that he would cause them to be hit hard. After all, It is also the land of the community of spirits.However, when they saw the seriously injured person, it was a change of face, because it was not the Society of the Spirits, but the community clan.In this scene, the community clan was surprised. Even Ma Qiang and other people of the National Spirit Association were stunned and could not find a clue.“Yeah, you guys were right. No one could save you today!” And at this moment, a faint laugh suddenly rang.Looking forward, people once again were taken aback and saw that Chu Feng had stepped into their battle circle and was rubbing his hands with a eager look.“The Chufeng Brothers are just your hands?”Ma Qiang was staring at Chufeng in surprise because he had fallen to the ground and had already passed away the community clan, but he was a Wu Wu Wu Quan, but everyone could feel that Chu Feng was a heavyweight."Ma Qiang brother, I have some festivals with the clan of this community, they gave me to deal with?" Chu Feng smiled."You, do you have to deal with them yourself?" Another young girl of the World Spirit Council opened her mouth with alarm."A group of mediocre people, to deal with them, I Chufeng one person is enough, you just like to take a rest." Chu Feng smiled and waved to Ma Qiang."Hello big tone." Heard Chu Feng's words, a community clan angry and furious, the words will have to Chu Feng shot.But it is still waiting for him to be stopped by a big hand. It turned out to be Kakcheon and Kakcheon played against Ma Qiang and other people before. It was an abnormal fierce battle, but at the moment, when he looked at Chu Feng, he smiled. It is very gentle.“The Chufeng Brothers, this is a personal grudge between my community clan and the Society of the Spirits. I wonder if you would not intervene?” Kwong Chuen smiled at Chu Feng."I don't care about your grudges, but my grudges, I always have to liquidate it." When Chu Feng spoke, he glanced at the boundaries and the two people who had just helped the community."What are our grudges?" Kakura felt puzzled, but quickly responded, and saw the two players in the circle and Jie Gang: "What are you doing with the Chufeng Brothers?""I....." The world of cross-blowing bows, it can be seen that he is very afraid of Jie Chuan. In fact, when Jie Chuan spoke, no other clansmen dared to collide. Among them, there are still some positions."Forget it, you don't have to fake it, even if you don't have any hostility toward me, but it doesn't mean they are not hostile to me. Liang Zi has already laid down, not that you can resolve." Chu Feng could see that Jie Chuan really didn't want to be with him. The enemy, but other community clan, does not think so."Hey ~" Heard Chu Feng's words, Jiechuan helpless sigh, and then said: "Chu Feng brothers, I really do not want to work with you, Hechuan, but I also have tasks in the body, be sure to be some of the community People stay on this second floor. At the moment, they can only offend."As soon as the voice just fell, Kakcheon took it, and the six-strong force of Yuan Wu was released. The layers of Yuanli shouted in the air around him. This sector was stronger than the horse and it was strong. The strength should not be underestimated. ."Hands-on" while shooting at the same time in the world, Chuan Heng, Jie Gang and other community clan people together, each exert their tyrannical martial arts, siege to Chufeng.Several tyrannical martial arts snarled in mid-air to snarl. Yuanli’s mighty power filled the entire main hall. Such an assault would be enough to force people to crush and die.However, in the face of the offensive of the crowd, Chu Feng did not fear it, because under the pressure of this psychic pressure, Jie Chu et al. were obviously affected and could not display their true strength.However, Chu Feng has not been affected by anything and can exert its own true level. Even among the members of the clan clan, there are five six-member Wuwu and twenty five-member Wuwu players. Chufeng is not afraid of the least."Chu" Chu Feng Royal Air Art operation, it is like a ghost-like disappeared in place, when it reappeared, is already entering the community clan.The speed of Chufeng was too fast. Many people did not respond to it. When he stepped out of the frontier, he pulled out his right hand and grabbed the bounder's coat, facing his face. Several fists in a row.After several rounds of punching, the circles were full of blood, their noses were smashed, their front teeth were broken, and their entire face was distorted. Tears and blood were mixed together, and they mourned in silence."You are looking for death!" Seeing people of the same race, was beaten so terribly, the community clan people really moved to kill, and become very hot and spicy shots, it is simply to win the life of Chu Feng."If you want to kill me, you are not worthy of it!" Chu Feng waved his hand, and he threw the line horizontally, hitting the wall with a bang, and under a loud noise, he could hear the buzzing sound, and that The painful condolences of Jie Heng are obviously the bones on his body and he has been broken.After throwing the line horizontally, Chu Feng’s Royal Air Art operation easily escaped the fatal attacks of the clan clan. He rushed to a master of the six elements of Yuan Wu this time. One layer, who wants to deal with Chu Feng."Boy, don't be too arrogant!" After seeing the means of Chu Feng, this sector just didn't have the previous emboldenedness. He didn't cling hard with Chu Feng, but hurriedly condense an enchantment around him and enveloped himself in it. To resist Chu Feng's offensive.“砰” But when Chu Feng’s big hand grabbed it, the enchantment was simply unstoppable. In front of Chu Feng’s palm, it turned into smashing.After breaking up the enchantment, Chu Feng’s palms grabbed the just-named clothes. The community just wanted to resist, but the crushing power of Chu Feng was to shroud it.What made him weak was that the coercive force of Yuan Wu in Chufeng was like an unbreakable cage, and he was firmly blocked in it. He could not resist it.In the end, he can only let Chu Feng throw him away and slam it to the ground, listening to the humming sound coming from his back and feeling the pain of his broken cervical spine.After Stepping on the ground and throwing it to the ground, Chu Feng lifted his legs and stepped on top of his chest, stepping his sternum on and then sweeping around: "A group of waste, bring it on!""You are a miscellaneous account, I want to peel your skin!" Another Yuanwu six-strong master rushed past and cast a five-piece martial art.After the martial arts came out, the Yuanli united and formed two pale whirlwinds, with terrible power and rumbling roar, and rolled toward Chufeng.But this time, Chu Feng did not hide, and he raised his hand. Even though he took the five-piece Wuji of the man abruptly, his back was shaped and he came to the person and pressed it to the ground. He stepped on his body a few feet, slammed his blood on his feet, and screamed continuously, even worse than the borderline and the borderline.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!