The 181th chapter Shura Pagoda “These geniuses, one of the first few assessments can not be seen, unexpectedly all of this assessment appeared, is it what special day today?” Some people exclaimed not forgetting to guess ."Yeah, even Gu Bo has appeared. This is now the world spiritual society. The first person of the younger generation is only sixteen years old. He is already a seven member of the Yuanwu Army. It is said that the accomplishments of the enchantment are even less. People can."More people are condensing their gaze into the genius' most advanced youth. The teenager looks like a woman, with a sweet smile on his face and no shelves."Gu Bo, did you finally participate in this white robe examination?" And at this moment, a loud voice suddenly sounded, and he looked ahead and saw a group of young girls dressed in black clothes, but also into the hall.This group of young boys and girls, there are probably nearly a hundred people, and they are all people in the dragon and phoenix, not only the number of geniuses who do not lose in the spirit of the Society, even for the repair is not weaker than the other.The young man who was headed in particular, like that Gu Bo, was also a seven-year-old Wu. Even the ages of the two were similar. It seems that they were all sixteen years old.This group of teenagers and youngsters is just a sharp contrast to the genius of the Society of the Spirits. There is no smile on his face, but his face is proud."The geniuses of the community clan were actually the ones who came to participate in the white robe examination. What day is today?""Whoever is the one who is a member of the community clan, the first person among the juniors, is extraordinary?"The emergence of this group of young girls and teenagers once again caused an uproar. They turned out to be the ancient genius family and the community clan."The world is extraordinary. One hundred years ago, the predecessors of my spiritual communists and the clan of your community had no chance of winning in the art of twisting the jungle.""Today, you and I, the juniors, gather here again, and it's really a matter of fate." Gu Bo said with a smile."If you don't come to this set, if that mystery person came to spoil you, my community clan would have won you a long time ago.""Together here today is not a fate. It is a competition between two juniors. If you have a few figures in my heart, don't pretend."“What mad madness is you in the world of surnames? Today, you suppress yourself in Shura’s Ghost Tower, so that you can't even go up on the fourth floor.” A teenager of the Society of the Spirits cried unhappily."The fourth floor? Are you going?""I ...." And the boy's face changed, and he was speechless.“Wait for the waste, shut up and follow me on the fourth floor. You can go up to the third floor with luck.” The world is disdainful for its face."I did not go to the fourth floor, but Gu Bo can definitely. He will kill you on the fourth floor." The teenager retorted.“Gu Bo? I believe Gu Bo can, but unfortunately, my goal is the fifth floor, Gu Bo, do you dare to follow?” asked the world."Then the fifth floor is not alone." Gu Bo smiled, and no longer talk nonsense, leading the genius of the Society of the Spirits, and went to a luxurious room. It was a place to rest, but it was not all. People can go in.Seeing that the geniuses are coming, the people of the Society of the Spirits and Spirits are nodding their heads at Gu Bo. It can be seen that they are not only good talents, but also their status. Otherwise, these masters may be so polite to them.“We go.” The extraordinary world also took out a special token and went to a luxurious rest room in the hall. For this group of people, the Society of the Spirits also did not dare to neglect.“It used to be today, a hundred years ago, when the World Spirit Society and the community clan people fought in each other? No wonder it's no wonder that so many geniuses will gather here today.”"It seems that there is a good show today, but unfortunately, I am afraid it will be very difficult to reach the Shura Pagoda." After these geniuses were gone, the crowd once again discussed.“What is the big brother who distorts the jungle? What is the Shura Pagoda? What are the layers that they say?” asked Chu Feng curiously."You don't know this? It's the first time you come to the border." The boy looked at Chu Feng in a strange way."Yeah, I came from Qingzhou." Chu Feng laughs no harm to humans and animals."Qingzhou, it's still close, but after all, it's not local. It's no wonder that you don't understand this."“I told you that this white robe is divided into three levels. The first level is the control of enchantment. The test is the ability to control the enchantment. It is not difficult for this level to master the art of enchantment.”"The second is the difficulty, which is to distort the jungle. The distortion of the jungle is a huge form of battle. There is no institution in it, but it is full of fog and it is the observance of the spiritual psychiatrist."“As long as you can distort the jungle, you can get the white robe for free, and as a reward, everyone can get a seed of spiritual fruit.”"Yes, it is the seeds of the Spirit. This spiritual seed is a good thing. It can make the enchantment power purer and the spiritual power stronger.""But after all, it's only a seed, and it contains a limited amount of spiritual power, so if anyone wants it, you can step into the third level. That is the Shura Guikugo!"“In the Shura Pagoda, spiritual pressure is contained, and spiritual pressure can make the seeds of Spirit grow at an extremely fast pace.”"It is said that when you reach the second floor, the seed of the seedling will germinate, the third floor will have branches and leaves, the fourth floor will bloom, the fifth floor will produce results, and the sixth floor will allow Lingguo to mature.""But the spiritual pressure is harmful to the human body and must be resisted with spiritual strength. This is a very high requirement for spiritual power, not the amount of spiritual power, but the essence and the will of the individual.""That spiritual pressure can be said to be a test for the spiritual psychic and its own talent. So no one has yet reached the sixth floor. It is a true genius to be able to step on the fifth floor." Maple said."This is really great."Chu Feng was ecstatic and couldn’t think of the second bonus of this assessment. He was the seed of the spiritual fruit he wanted, and as long as he climbed up to the Nirvana ghost tower, he could also allow the seeds to grow.As long as it is on the sixth floor, the seed can be matured into fruit. That is to say, Chufeng can save the egg. This is how he can not be excited.Only the name of the Shura Pagoda, but let Chu Feng produced some ideas, because he clearly remembered when the egg to display her unique power, mention the word Shura.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!