Chapter 182 Extremely talented "Syracuse ghost tower, so weird name!" Chu Feng pretending to be puzzled.“This Shura ghost tower is not simple. It is said that there have been tens of thousands of years of history. There are treasures in it. The reason why the Soul Spirit Guild was built here is to take this Shura ghost tower as its own.”"For this Shura Pagoda, there was no conflict between the Society and the clan."“The most recent one was a hundred years ago. At that time, there was a rare genius who had met with the Millennium and the community clan.”"Under the leadership of the two talented people, the spirit and the clan have achieved an unprecedented period of prosperity. At that time, Jiezhou was known as the strongest in Kyushu.""One day, the genius of the community clan, led all the community clan, came to the Society of the Spirits and vowed to take back the Shilla Pagoda.""The two parties are not to be outdone, and the war is imminent. At that time, if they were to fight together, they would definitely make the whole territory fall. It was really too strong for the community and the community clan.""However, in order to avoid unnecessary deaths and injuries, the genius of the Society of the Spirits proposed that competition with the genius of the community clan can be used to compete in the enchantment technique. The winner can occupy the Shilla Pagoda."“The venue of the competition was to distort the jungle. It is said that on that day, the two people applied the art of enchantment to the extreme. When it was really dark, the sun and the moon were dull.” The one who talked about the past was dancing and dancing. It was as if he had seen it with his own eyes."Well, who wins in the end?" Chu Feng was curious, and the two geniuses were the winners and the losers."Oh, it's all gone!" The sighing head shook his head, his face pity."All defeated? Both sides are injured? Or tie?" Chu Feng asked."It was all defeated," said the man."Are you beaten? Don't you say that the two were the best two geniuses at the time? How could they be defeated?" Chu Feng was also surprised.According to this youngster, the two geniuses are very much alive. How could they be defeated? How strong is the one who defeats them?"It was indeed defeated. It was defeated by a spiritual division of a non-prefecture. The age of the division was less than the genius of the Society of the Spirits and the community of the world. It was a genius of genius. "The teenager said."What was so powerful, then what is that person to call? Can someone know exactly where it comes from?" Chu Feng was curious about that person's identity. He was able to defeat his two extremely talented geniuses by his own strength."No one knows what he is calling. No one knows where he came from. He only knows that he was able to cultivate it. The technique of enchantment is used in supernaturalization.""But he has a feature that is a pair of pointed ears, and the eye pupil is red and has a sharp tooth.""Because it looks unique, someone suspects that he is a Wicked, but Wicking is a taboo, so more people think that he just looks strange.""If such a powerful figure cannot be silent, if he is still alive, he should have become a big name in the world. How could no one know what his name is?" Chu Feng was very puzzling."You were right. When he defeated him in one fell swoop, the two extraordinary geniuses of the Spiritual Society and the community clan won the right to take control of the Shura Pagoda. This caused a sensation in the entire Kyushu. Even the people of the Jiang dynasty wanted to draw in. He's better with him.""But unfortunately, just after he defeated the two geniuses, he completely disappeared and never appeared again, so naturally nobody knows his name. It is very mysterious.""As for the two geniuses, because they were defeated, they fell into decadence and retired. They haven't been born yet. However, with the talent of the two men, they must have been even better now.""It is because of the existence of these two people that only a few people dare to commit crimes in my border state because people feel that if these two are born, then among the states of Kyushu, Jiezhou will definitely be ranked first.""Then these two geniuses are called?""The person of the Jie Clan is known as the world.""The one who is in the Spiritual Society is called Gu Tianchen.""But these two people are living in the world today and they are all old people who have reached the end of their lives. I don't know if they can see the two of them.""Oh, it's a pity. The talented genius of the two thousand years was so ruined by that one." As a person in Jiezhou, the teenager obviously felt very much about the decadence of the two geniuses. unfortunately."It's a pity, but I think it's a pity that the mysterious person who defeated them both, after all, should not be obscured by his strength," Chu Feng said.After waiting here for two full hours, the so-called white priest appraisal has finally begun. Within this vast palace, there are countless roads, and under the arrangement of the community leaders, Chu Maple them threesome and walked into a room.After entering the room, it was a four-squared palace. On the other side of the temple, there was a door. There was a man in front of him, a middle-aged man in a grey robe, apparently a grey-gown division.In the center of this palace, there are three human statues, all of which are created by Xuan Tie, and a simple enchantment is arranged among them, which is much stronger than the ordinary Xuan Tie."Break the statue and use tricks as a unit. The sooner you break it, the higher the score." The middle-aged man said plainly."I'll come first. To deal with this kind of thing, I only need 10 strokes." The boy from the left of Chu Feng went out.He was very strong and was two meters tall. The muscles on his arm were thicker than Chu Feng's thighs, but he looked like an adult man.Before he came to a statue, he first exercised his body, and the bones continued to make a buzzing noise. Then they suddenly forced and sent out the three-dimensional atmosphere of Yuan Wu. Then, like the big fist of sandbags, he continued to blast.The fists fell on the statue, and the sound of iron and steel interweaved them. Even the tenth fist fell, the statue actually had a crack, and the cracks spread rapidly, eventually turning into two halves, scattered in the Ground.At this moment, the strong youngster turned to smile at Chu Feng and the girl on the right side of Chu Feng.In fact, he was mainly smiling at the girl. Although the girl was too old to look like a big girl, she was also a bit of a look. Especially the proud team on the chest was obviously in line with the taste of the youngster.Jianshuo juvenile directed at the girl, exposing two rows of clean white teeth, even with the strong muscles, put a few domineering moves, but the girls did not look at him at all, but he did not lose, but continue to do Seductive action.Can be behind him, after such an evaluation, the face of that strong juvenile was suddenly stiff, his mouth burst of convulsions.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!