The genius of the one hundred and eightyth chapter appeared in the Wuyuan Wuyuan and was summoned by Yuan Wuyi as this. This can irritate the seven-star old man, but don’t look at him, but he does not hesitate in his hand as the master’s , how could not see the disciples died.“Hey, seven stars, disciples learn from each other, what are you doing?” But the seven-star old man just lifted his hands, Zhuge Liuyun's palm, then took hold of his wrist and stopped his offensive."The old man of Zhuge, give it away!"Seven stars old man waved his arm, he would like to throw away the Zhuge flow cloud, but the Zhuge flow cloud arm, like a rock, like a tongs, firmly locked his wrist, seven-star elderly can not shake."Shameless things, give me a side, look at quietly." Zhuge blew a cold bang, suddenly slammed, that seven stars old man was dumped by him a shit, embarrassed kneeling on the ground."You...you...you actually stepped into the basaltic six!"The seven-star old man was surprised and he could not think of it. When he defeated him, he now surpassed him and became a six-star basal master.This made it difficult for the seven-star elderly to accept. As the first-class door of the ranks of Elder Keqing, he received very generous offerings. With those offerings, his cultivation was also rapid progress. Today, he is also a master of the basaltic quintessence.However, he could not think of it anyway. The Zhuge Liuyun who was in the second class when he was Keqing was actually a six-basic Xuanwu. This is too unreasonable."Feng Er, almost on the line, leaving him a dog life!" Zhuge flow cloud does not care about the seven-star elderly, but shouted at Chu Feng inside the enchantment.Chu Feng had already disintegrated Yang Tsai's enchantment. He originally wanted to kill him. However, when he heard Zhuge's words, he completely removed all the golden arrows that could throw the Yang Tzu out of the screen.Although Yang Yangzai took his life, Chu Feng did not plan to let him go. He came to Yang Chong, and took the pale, exhausted Yang Tsai to his knees."You...what do you want to do!!""I was the first-class door, the core disciple of Hua Yangzong. You dare to kill me. Hua Yangzong won't let you go." Yang Zi had already lost his former arrogance and his eyes were filled with fear."Go to your mother!" Chu Feng too lazy to listen to him nonsense, a punch fell on Yang Zi's mouth, a punch fell, all over the ground teeth, Yang Tsai's teeth are broken by Chu Feng."Yao," Yang Tsai is holding a bloody DC mouth, watching the shattered teeth in the floor, crying and tears, and no mouth is gone. After this, he will return to Huayangzong, telling him how to meet people.Looking at the cover of that cry, Chu Feng lifted his leg and kicked him. He took Yang Tsai to the corner and pointed to him: “After talking to you, not everyone can be said by you.”"Haha, forget Feng Ye, a wild dog, bite people is normal, even if the fight, why bother with him."His own disciple won the victory and Zhuge Liuyun was in a good mood. It was called a comfortable one. After solving the enchantment, he took Chu Feng to the place of assessment.“Feng Er, who has just dried, is the face that the teacher lost, and he was found by your kid.” When he came to the examination, Zhuge Liuyun also remembered to praise Chu Feng. He was really happy."Master, your strength is far better than him. I know you don't have general knowledge with him. I just don't want to bully disabled people." Chu Feng smiled."You kid, you can talk, but Master was really defeated.""The defeat is the defeat, and it is still lost in the assessment of this white robe. If he did not block me in the past, perhaps the division can also look at what the second level is like." Referring to that year, Zhuge Liu Some regrets the cloud.“The Master reassuring that your old wish could not be fulfilled. The disciple will help you to complete it. I will pass the second level, and I will use that skill to get the white robe of the spirit and not let the Master honor me for a penny.” Chu Feng confident."Well, there is ambition. If you can pass this assessment, this one-thousand-yuan bead will be reserved for you by Master and will be used by your wife in the future." Zhuge Liuyun patted the shoulders of Chu Feng. He is more and more liked. This disciple."Oh, thank you, Master." And Chu Feng laughed very brightly. He looked at Zhuge Liuyun's kindness and his attitude towards himself. He was very kind.Because the spirit of the spirit of the Association, do not allow casual people to enter, so Chu Feng to participate in the assessment of white robe, but also only on their own.Holding the qualification token, Chu Feng walked into the Society of the Spirits and stepped into the huge city like the Kingdom. After inspections, Chu Feng came to a huge palace.This is really a huge palace. The pillars in the main hall are as thick as ten people in a circle. They are hundreds of meters high and are about to pass through the sky. This is a palace. It is just like a city. It's too big. .Around the main hall, people standing in the spirits association, each of them is a white gown division spiritual teacher, breath can not be seen through, but they are absolutely masters, the logo of the sectoral spiritual association on the arm, it is to take people's eyes.In the center of the hall, it is also a sea of ​​people, at least a thousand people, are young juniors, the oldest is not more than twenty years old, really talented, and repair is also not weak.We must know that if you want to be guilty of being cold and innocent, you are called a genius. It is precisely because he has no spiritual power.But now here, in this large hall, the same age as Chu Feng's age, but there are more than a thousand people with spiritual power, this scene is indeed amazing.But if you think about it, you can understand it. After all, this is a talent that brings together the states of Kyushu. The lack of spiritual power in Qingzhou does not mean that other states also do the same."Looking at it is the genius of the Spiritual Society." Suddenly someone shouted, and then everyone's eyes cast their past.I saw dozens of teenagers and young girls, who are slowly coming. Each of them is wearing a golden robe. It is dazzling, and on their left arm, the logo of the Circle of Spirits is hung.The man's eyebrows are both handsome and handsome. The woman's sweetness can be bred, and everyone has a noble temperament. The repair is the weakest and is also the Wuwu Wuyuan. The strongest one is Yuanwu Qizhong.From the sound of people's comments, Chu Feng learned that the origins of this group of people are the junior geniuses of the Society of the Spirits. Their talent is not reflected in repairing Wu, but in understanding the power of enchantment. It is said that the people among them have already concluded a contract with the community and are well-deserved spiritual geniuses.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!