Chapter 185 Stepping on the Ladder “Chu Feng, I will fight with you today!”See Chu Feng under the killer, Yang Tsai is no longer humble knees, got up and launched an offensive to Chu Feng, and that will be the same table.Both of them exhibited five paragraphs of martial arts and instilled all their strength. They were desperate for a fight, and they were not comparable to previous attacks.On the one hand, a giant tiger with a single force condensing, his hair fluttering, lifelike, roaring enough to shake the mountain river, claws enough to break the mountain peak, is carrying the power of the king of beasts.On the other hand, Yuan Lihua made a few swords, and they are all non-phantoms. They are entities. There are more than a thousand Yuan Feijians. If they are really 10,000 swords, they will be unstoppable.At this moment, Jianshuo juveniles and sexy girls are face-tight and fearful, because the other's offensive is enough to easily discredit them and leave no residue.Therefore, they had to stand behind Chu Feng, standing behind this young teenager who was younger than them, especially the sexy girl. A pair of jade hands clasped Chu Feng's robe because Chu Feng was It is the only person they can rely on at the moment.Chu Feng’s robe was buzzing and hunting with that mighty power, dancing back and forth. Hair is also like crazy dance, flying up and down.However, he still stood still, did not hide, and the mouth is still hung with a faint smile, quietly waiting for the offensive to come.Just as the two offensives were about to sweep down, Chu Feng's pupil flashed suddenly, and a crystal-like enchantment struck him in front of him.Tigers and Wan Jian, together bombarded on the thin ice of the enchantment, suddenly set off violent rampant, that impact, making Chu Feng's feet are trembling and trembling.However, in the end, they still failed to pass through this line of defense of Chu Feng. When the offensives of the two dissipated, the frontier of Chu Feng was still intact, and even the road cracks did not surface."Is this guy you are still not a human being? How could such a revision be made to grasp such a method?" Liu said with fear and panic. He has never seen such a terrible opponent. This is simply not a human being. It is a living monster. ."It wasn't how Chu Feng was, but you haven't seen a real strong person."Chu Feng wry smile, because he suddenly remembered the purple girl, he is already enchanting in many people's eyes, but compared with that purple girl, he is mediocre, and this is the gap between people.Seeing that the attack against Chufeng was ineffective, Yang Tsai was attacking the enmity that had blocked them. However, it was still ineffective. This made him furious but he had no way.Finally, Chu Feng face turned cold, his arm slightly lifted, thunder and lightning out of them, and later into two lightning dragons, Zhang Xuepenkou, with a piercing roar, to the Yang Zi and Liu table flying And go.Thunder three styles, is not the strongest means of Chu Feng, but in his current deployment, that kind of prestige is still horrible, this is like a martial art, in the hands of a Tianwu strong, can also play a deaf Like power."Chu Feng, I will never let you go for a ghost!"This is the last sentence that Yang Tzu said, because when that brontosaurus landed on him, he did not even send out screams, and he was hard-lined to be refined, not even the corpse left.After killing Yang Tsai and Liu Tiao, Chu Feng destroyed the bodies of the remaining three men with the Thunder III style, leaving no clue at all."In this case, I hope you can keep your secrets." After everything was done, Chu Feng laughed at the youngsters and girls."Reassured, we absolutely will not disclose half of this."Girls and teenagers tried to ensure that, although Chu Feng was very kind to them, but after seeing the means of Chu Feng, they were in the bottom of their hearts and were afraid of Chu Feng.What's more, this matter is also related to them. If they pass out, they will be harmless to them, so they will naturally hide it."Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.""What people?" The sudden change made Chu Feng's brow slightly wrinkled and he spread out his spiritual power, but he did not feel the slightest breath in this neighborhood."Haha, are you scared? Rest assured that we have used this kind of thing long ago and will not speak out." That voice rang again, behind a tall stone sculpture, and came out with two figures.These are two teenagers, all of whom have extraordinary appearances. The special black clothes they wear are the clothes of the community clan.At this moment, not only Chu Feng, but also the juvenile and sexy young girls are all shocked, because the clan clan's reputation is too large, it simply represents the pinnacle of the spirit division, is the target of many spiritual divisions looking for."Secretly hiding here, what are you doing?"Chu Feng looks like the torch, staring at these two people, although at the moment the two are close at hand, but Chu Feng still can not feel their breath, just like the air, which makes Chu Feng realize that these two are not simple."It just happened to stop and see the wonderful battle, so stop and watch." One of the tall teenager smiled lightly."What a wonderful fight? It's just a group of garbage from Qingzhou. Dogs bite the dog." Another short-haired teenager was displeased.“Qingzhou Garbage? What are you guys?” After listening to the words of the youngster, Chu Feng’s face was obviously unpleasant. After all, he was also a Qingzhou man. He naturally did not like to hear other people insulting Qingzhou.“We? We are the ladder that you can never compare to. For us, you can only look up.” Short dwarf boy, his face full of conceit, contemptuously looked at Chu Feng, and Jian Shuo youth and sexy beauty behind Chu Feng.At this moment, Mo Chufeng said that even the strong youngsters and sexy girls were also very upset, but they did not dare to show them because the other party was a community clan, and the other party did indeed possess arrogant capital.Suddenly, Chu Feng shot a hand, without any warning, but by lightning, he attacked the dwarf boy.The short dwarf boy is not simple. He soon discovered the action of Chu Feng. When he coldly hummed, he displayed the Wu Wu's atmosphere. Not only did he not hide, but he raised his hand and shot it to Chu Feng. .However, when he took a small look at Chu Feng, he saw that the Thunder flashed at the foot of Chu Feng and disappeared instantly. When it appeared again, it was already behind the short teenager.Upon seeing this, the youngster shouted loudly, but it was too late. Chu Feng squatted on the waist of that short teenager, caught off guard, and the youngster fell directly to a shit.The short youth is extremely furious and opens his mouth, but before he can finish his words, Chu Feng’s big feet have fallen from the sky and landed on his head, and his face is slammed into the earth."The ladder is not used to look at me but is used to step on it!"The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!