The 199th chapter of the militant "吼" at this time, Chu Feng suddenly leaned out his fingers, followed by an indescribable strong atmosphere, they will come out of Chu Feng's fingers.At this moment, a roar resounded as if the world’s fiercest monster had launched the most terrible attack. The breath broke through the sky and even the air was buzzing and tearing. A trail of black lines trailed behind, as if It is the texture of the tiger."Blagger." The world waved in the hands of the cold iron sword, slashing away toward the atmosphere, and wanted to rely on his indestructible cold iron sword to block Chu Feng's offensive.“铛” However, when the atmosphere was intertwined with the cold iron sword, only saw sparks, and then came a harsh sound, the extraordinary invincible cold iron sword, turned into two break.The most frightening thing is that after the cold iron sword was cut off, the atmosphere did not stop, but fell on the boundless bodyguard enchantment.A loud noise came from the "bang" and the world would fly backwards. It slammed into the wall of the Shura Pagoda. The powerful impact made the fourth floor shake, even outside the tower. It can also be clearly seen that Shura’s ghost tower shook slightly.“Elder adults!” At this moment, both the strong clansman and the strong clergymen’s eyes were forced to cast their eyes on the six elders.Because this kind of trembling has never happened, but everyone can subconsciously think that what is happening in the Shilla Pagoda is as long as you think of them and have their genius. Everyone wants to rush in immediately. After all, just waiting for the six elders to order.However, even the men and women are aware that they are not right. That means that the six clan elders who represent the clan ethnic group and the alien kingdom spiritual society will not see it.But looking at the blue light of the fourth layer of change, they can see that two people are engaged in a war. One is watching, and the recent shock is probably due to the engagement of the two people, but what kind of attack is it? Can this Shura ghost tower be a tremble?For a long time, the elders representing the two parties took a look at each other. They did not give orders to rush into the world's ghost tower, but waved their hand and signaled that the men under their command had calmed down.At the same time, Gu Bo still stood in the same place on the fourth floor of the Shure Pagoda, but at the moment, he was stunned and stared at the corner of the corner where he was surprised and deeply A scene shocked.At this moment, the extraordinary body enchantment is still there, and it turns into a blood-red color. It also evaporates layers of hot air, as if it were mutated. It can even see the rounds of lines. It is a look of armor and is an armor of enchantment. Protected the world extraordinary.However, even if the guard body is in the enchantment, this militant block the Chu Feng's white tiger attack, but this time the world is extraordinary but not too good.His face was pale, his breath was weak, his blood was slowly flowing out of his mouth, his eyes filled with shock and fear, staring blankly at Chu Feng: "What are you?""I am the person who ended your assessment." Chu Feng smiled and walked slowly toward the community.Although his White Tiger attacking technique failed to break through the extraordinary athletes in the world, he was still able to hurt him. Therefore, as long as Chu Feng continues to attack, he can also take away the extraordinary life of the community."What do you want? How dare you think about me? My clan will not let you go. My big brother will not let you go."There are also some fears in the world. The juveniles in front of them are too terrible to show all the means he has not seen before, especially the previous attacks. Even the treasures, miraculous soldiers, and thorns and armor of this community clan cannot protect him.The pain in his body told him that he did not want to suffer another terrible attack as before. He was afraid that the thorns on his armor could not hold him, and he died here."Even if I'm not right for you, will your community clan leave me?" Chu Feng still walked forward.“Chufeng Brothers, let him be a horse.” At this moment, Gu Bo spoke up, and he was impressed with Chu Feng, suggesting that Chu Feng would not stop shooting the world.Chu Feng has a natural heart and mind, so he does not take anymore. Instead, he points to the world in an extraordinary way: "Be honest, stay on the fourth floor and dare to come up to the fifth floor. I will let you down."After completing this sentence, Chu Feng went to the fifth floor, and Gu Bo followed the past. As for the extraordinary world, he did not refute again. After seeing the madness of Chu Feng, he already knew that Chu Feng was a madman. In this Shura ghost tower, he must be careful about this madman.Chu Feng's spiritual power is very strong, and the system is very special. He can feel the intensity of spiritual pressure in the Shure Gui Pagoda, but it is not affected by anything. He is simply walking freely.As for Gu Bo, who is also very simple, the fourth layer of spiritual pressure can suppress him, but it is still within his tolerance, so the fifth layer is also his goal.There are many small checkpoints on the road to the fifth floor, which is more difficult than the fourth floor, but it can be solved for Chu Feng and Gu Bo."Chu Fengxiu, what means you just used to display was actually able to force the militants out of the original shape." Gu Bo asked with curiosity. He still remembered that the prestige that Chu Feng displayed previously was simply unstoppable. Attack and kill means."I don't know what it was. I learned it accidentally." Chu Feng faintly smiled. Although he had a good impression of Gu Bo, he was not familiar with it. He naturally would not say anything about the white tiger attack technique. This is something that will ignite the upper body."Yes, you said there is an odd soldier in the world. What is the miracle soldier?" asked Chu Feng."The Chufeng brothers do not know the militants?" See Chu Feng this question, Gu Bo is also somewhat surprised.Chu Feng smiled and shook his head, because he really did not know what the militants were, but just looking at Gu Bo's expression he could realize that this miraculous soldier seemed to be an incredible thing."The miraculous soldier is a kind of treasure. It can be described as priceless, because it contains an extremely powerful form of battle that can exert its strong power.""That is a kind of power that can never be matched by martial arts. If a strong player in the top of the Xuanwu region can fully play the power of the miraculous, even the strong man of Tianwujing must avoid his edge," Gu Bo explained.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!