Chapter 19: My name is justice (Gaya 15) "Come now to me. I will spare you a few ways to live."The man pointed the mysterious sword of the cold light to the people of Chu and higher people.In the face of threats to life, the Chu family and others have been shaken. Some people have already begun to make a retreat.Although Chu Xue is their master son, the Chu family has great respect for them, but when it comes to their own lives, this choice is actually very simple."You ...." Seeing these people who have been with them since childhood and who are destined to survive, they have to abandon themselves at this time. Chu Xue's heart has an indescribable bitterness.She wanted to scold, but she was so weak because she knew she was finished.In Tsing Lung Tsung, she had no power or power. Faced with this kind of person who could not offend, she could only endure being defiled. After all, she did not want to die.But when Chu Xue was already desperate, a figure appeared, but like a ghost, she jumped out of the forest and fell to the front of Chu Snow.After landing, the man shot out of lightning, and countless road shadows encircled murderous pilgrimages and flew straight to the three doors of the Jiandaomen.Suddenly, the sudden change made the three members of the Kendo League startled and turned their backs away.Looking around, the three talents discovered that the attack on them turned out to be a tender teenager.But what was most surprising at the moment was Chu Xue, because she could not think of it anyway. When those she trusted had chosen to abandon her, Chu Feng would stand in front of her in disregard of her safety."Who are you? It's a good thing to dare to break Lao Tzu." The member of the kendo who was full of pockmarks pointed to Chu Feng's anger and shouted."You do not deserve to know Xiao Ye's name, but you can call me justice." Chu Feng smiled lightly."Justice? I'm going to your mother." The pockmarked man is waving his black iron sword. A few wind-shaped blades flew over Chufeng.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng pushed a single hand and pushed Chu Xue out with a soft force.Then the shape quickly drew, and after avoiding the attack, he went straight to the pockmark and the man flew away. A phantom palm was shot."Boy, you are looking for death."See Chu Feng even dared to counterattack, the other two members of the Kendo League, but also pulled out behind the mysterious iron sword, with a very mysterious sword style to the Chu Feng thorn.However, not only did Chufeng not hide this time, but the move changed, three virtual palms shot at the same time, actually intertwined with the three mysterious iron swords.Three muffled sounds came, and all four were backsliding a few steps. However, when Chu Feng's hands came up, after bursts of numbness, Chu Feng was also slightly brow-wrinkled and became abnormally dignified.Because he knows that these three are all masters of the "Aurora Five" and they have not yet exerted their full strength.In the same way, the three members of the Kendo League are also frowned upon. They have already discovered that Chu Feng is the strength of the four auras.However, when a dear four-armed devil can retire the three of them, it is an indication of the strength of the devil, and it is absolutely impossible for him to have a small glimpse."Boy, we don't know each other. You don't have to offend me with these irrelevant people."“Yes, I see you kid is a bit of a talent. As long as you know things, we can refer you to the kendo league and you will have a bright future.” See Chu Feng’s non-imaginary so good that the three people wanted to draw Chu Feng. .However, when he heard this, there was no response from Chu Feng. Chu Xue was in an instant nervous.Her deep relationship with Chu Feng, Chu Fengben had no reason to help her, but at the moment Khan Daomeng expelled from such conditions, she really worried that Chu Feng would leave her regardless.Although she also knows that she expects Chu Feng to protect her, it is her only hope."The Kendo League? In my opinion is called the animal league is similar, on this kind of stuff you want to draw this Xiao Ye, I am." Chu Feng's spit saliva."You are toasting and not eating and eating fine wine." If you can't win, you can't be stigmatized. The three men are furious. They hold Xuan Tiejian and hit Chu Feng together.This time, the trio obviously moved, and the sword has not arrived yet. The anger has been forced. Even Chu Feng has his eyes slightly and he has to be cautious."If you look at it, you will not be able to roll it. Do not influence this young man to eliminate the evil forces."Chu Feng first shouted loudly at Chu Xue and others. This was a stature. His countless roads spread across his arms and he swept away toward the three men."It was an imaginary palm. Be careful."One of them recognized the martial arts that Chu Feng had displayed. When he was shocked, when the current sword style changed and the cold light emerged, the three of them actually displayed a matrix method in which Chu Feng was encircled.Looking at Chu Feng and the three elite Wuwu masters fighting together, Chu Snow complex extremely, she knows what this represents, which means that Chu Feng made a sacrifice for her, and this sacrifice is likely to lose life."Not yet fast." Just as Chu Xue hesitated, Chu Feng yelled again."Miss, let's go." At the same time, the Chu family's people, etc., also came around and took Chu Xue and walked to the forest."Come to me and roll away." Chu Xue forcefully throw off these people, but also meaningfully looked at Chu Feng.Looking at the shadow of the sword, Chu Feng struggling with struggling, Chu Xuebei biting teeth, as if doing difficult decisions."Fast roll." Chu Feng shouted again.At this moment, Chu Xue Jiaoqu not help a tremble, two crystal tears rolling down from the corner of the eye, poured out a "thank you", this only drilled into the forest."Boy, dare to do bad things, I must abolish you today."To see the mouth of fat even slipped away, the anger of the three popular burning, Jianfeng turned almost straight to the point, actually had to poison Chu Feng."That depends on your strength."Although Chu Feng had a hard surface, he also felt the pressure. In the face of three Xiuwu warriors who were one level higher than himself, he was really struggling.And these three people are not ordinary generations, not to mention that the hands of the mysterious iron sword is very powerful, they are practicing military skills, but also to the hands of the weapon to the extreme, plus three together, Chu Feng is also difficult to parry.The most important thing is that Chu Feng still does not want to expose his own Thunder III. Therefore, he has already decided that he will not be entangled with the three people.Thought of this, Chu Feng imaginary move, and then leaped, actually lightning out of the encirclement of the three."Three wastes, there are species to catch me." After jumping out, Chu Feng provoked a smile at three people, they jumped into the jungle like a monkey.See Chu Feng even fled, how can the three let go, followed by the chase in the past.However, they still underestimated Chu Feng. Even though they have used their aura to the extreme, they have not been able to catch up with Chu Feng and have always maintained a certain distance.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!