Chapter 199 Mysterious people “would the greatest treasure be treasures. Is it possible that they are militants?”Chu Feng is overjoyed. This Shura Pagoda is extraordinary, so the treasure of this seal is definitely not simple, so Chu Feng is extremely hopeful about the seventh floor.“Rookie? Your kid actually knows this stuff. It seems that this Queen is not in this period. You haven’t got a small harvest.” The egg smiled, and then said:"I can't be sure about what is sealed here, but this seal in Shura's ghost tower is definitely a treasure, and miracles are not impossible.""But whatever it is, go in and see what you know, listen to the order of the Queen, and arrange to open the battle formation and enter the seventh floor!"Under the command of the egg, Chu Feng began to arrange to open the matrix method, to open the matrix method as the name suggests, is to open a variety of seals, or hide the enchantment matrix."This enchantment is really terrible, that is to say, you, or even if the blue robe division spirit, it can not open this enchantment, I am afraid even induction, but also insensible." Egg side command Chu Feng, I said proudly."Eggs, then we can successfully open it?" Heard even the blue gown division can not open, Chu Feng Feng suddenly emboldened."You, of course, don't forget this is the Shilla Pagoda. All the power here comes from Shura.""If you conclude a contract with this Queen, you would mean half the spiritual world of Shura. Whether it's the spiritual pressure here or the formation method, you will not oppress you," explained the egg."Siu Luo Lingjie?" Chu Feng was surprised when he was puzzled."You stupid, you think the spiritual world is really just a world. In fact, the spiritual world is divided into seven worlds and it is called the Seven Spirits.""In the Seven Spirits, there are different types of people who are masters of different abilities, and it is impolite to say that I am repairing the Luoling community and that is the strongest of these seven spirits.""Because I am spiritually arrogant in Shura, I disdain the contracts with humans and work for the spiritual psychiatrist. Therefore, there is very little to say that I am able to form a contract with the spiritual community of Shura."“However, as long as it is a spiritual psychiatrist who can conclude a contract with the spiritual community of Shura, I am sure that it will be much better than the spiritual gurus of the same level. It is not because of anything else, but because he has mastered the power of Shura and his spirituality. It is a spiritual circle of Shura.” The egg was very proud of it."That's what I said. I'm not very lucky!" Chu Feng smiled."Oh, what do you think? You have to know how many powerful spiritual gurus are honored by being able to conclude a contract with the spiritual world of Shura, and are proud to conclude a contract with Shura Spirit.""But even so, those who can conclude a contract with the spiritual circle of Shura are still very few. If you let those practitioners who have practiced for many years know that you are such a kid, they have concluded a contract with the queen. They must You will tear your tears off.""That said, it is still a very dangerous thing to conclude a contract with you. I must also keep it confidential." Chu Feng sighed."That is, of course, the spiritual gurus who wanted to enter into a contract with the Queen, which are not resounding characters, but all were rejected by the Queen.""If they let them know that this Queen has concluded a contract with you such a swarthy kid, they will certainly not get angry and come to kill you for the first time.""But don't worry about it, as long as you can make this Queen restore strength as soon as possible, then no one can hurt you." The egg patting his chest to ensure that."Actually, I would like to say that since it is so difficult to conclude a contract with the spiritual world of your spiritual community, it is not easy to build this Shura ghost tower." Chu Feng looked around and thoughtfully."He is not simple, but what is better than your family, even in the body of such a small kid, sealed the two Shura spirits, and even the Queen could not escape." Speaking here eggs face The resentment, but it can be seen on the side, Chu Feng's family is really extraordinary.“嗡” and just between the two chatter, under the opening of the battle formation, suddenly emerged a beam of light, rushed to the top of the Shura ghost tower, and an enchantment entrance, appeared in it."Haha, succeeded, Chu Feng hurried in and let the queen see what was happening," said the egg with excitement. However, Chu Feng had already left, and his stature jumped into the enchantment."What's the matter, how did the top of the Shura Pagoda burst out in such a dazzling light?"At the same time, the Shura Pyramid Tower is filled with boiling water. Everyone can see that the top of the Shura Pyramid Tower has a dazzling red glow and shines like a daylight.“This scene has also appeared a hundred years ago!” Li Elder, who is a member of the World Spirit Association, was surprised.Because he had heard from an old predecessor that a hundred years ago, two extremely talented people of the World Spirits Association and the community clan, one night after being defeated, the Shura Ghost Tower suddenly changed and the accident changed. Like the current scene, it is very similar and it is exactly the same."Look quickly, the blue light of the sixth floor disappeared, and what happened to the Shure Council ghost tower?" Somebody suddenly exclaimed.At this moment, everyone is inquisitive, but they are powerless because the sixth floor is where all the people sitting cannot enter. For them, they can only wait until Chu Feng comes out. Ask the facts.Outside the chaos, Chu Feng has successfully entered the seventh floor. It is completely different from the previous six floors. The surrounding walls are all translucent enchantments and the enchantment is full of strangeness. Symbols, the feeling that each enlightenment brings to Chu Feng, is indestructible, and he cannot shake it.This enchantment formed a road that led Chu Feng to go forward. However, soon Chu Feng would come to an end and there would still be an enchantment at the far end. However, this enchantment was obviously more powerful and different in form. It's like a cage."Ah ~ ~ ~ ~" Suddenly, a shrill scream sounded, this sound is too bizarre, scared Chu Feng could not help but back a few steps.At the same time, Chu Feng was able to see a figure. Before the enchantment came to light, he saw Chu Feng's excited dancing and jumping and yelled: "Great! Great! In a hundred years, someone finally came here."Looking at the person in front of him, Chu Feng was shocked, because in front of this one is very strange, his ear is pointed, like some kind of animal, a pair of eyeballs is the color of red blood, and his mouth is full of sharp teeth, and somewhat Scary.Although morphologically speaking, he is a human, but his face is somewhat like a monster, but Chu Feng's shock was not scared by his appearance.But this appearance is not exactly the one hundred years ago that defeated the Society of the Spirits and the two clan geniuses, the mysterious person?The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!