Chapter 190 Ending Liangzi "Oh my God, where did this kid come from? How could it be so tough?"At first, the people of the Society of the Spirits had to help, but after seeing this scene, it was already stunned.Because all those who are discerning eyes can see the power of Chu Feng. Although the number of opponents is large, even though the other side is not weak, their strength with Chu Feng is huge.Chu Feng completely took them into clapping. It was almost effortless to deal with them. This kind of Superman's fighting power exceeded people's imagination, but at the moment it was happening."I'm sorry, not only is the combat power extraordinary, but also the spiritual power is extraordinary. All the community clan people like Jie Chuan are all subjected to spiritual pressure and cannot display their true strength.""But the Chufeng brother is different. He does not seem to be affected by the pressure of the spirit. He can exert his full strength. With such a strong mental power, he can be just as good as Gu Bo. Look at this, I am afraid that he will step in. The fourth floor is not a problem at all," said Ma Qiang."What? Entering the fourth floor? Can you compare with Gu Bo? Is this guy really so strong?" And to hear Ma Qiang this way, people in the Society of the Spirits were even more surprised.At the same time, Chu Feng waved his arm and Yuan Li formed a furious hurricane. He directly took the clan of the digital community to the ground and passed away."More than this, he is afraid that even the fifth tier will be able to embark!""This is a terrible thing. If you grow old, you can still do so. If you grow for a few more years, you don't know what kind of situation you will reach. Fortunately, I'm equal to him. If you don't, it'll probably be the enemy of the future."Ma Qiang’s dignified comments on several of them, because in his mind he must have an idea. It is necessary to make good contact with Chu Feng, because he feels that Chu Feng’s talent is probably better than their generation’s. The genius Gu Bo is even more powerful. He is a rare talent and must be drawn to the World Spirit Council for their use.“呃啊~~~” At the same time, Chu Feng is already letting go of his hands. After several members of the Yuan Clan’s clan clan were brutally abused, the Yuan Clan’s five clan clansmen were even more like cutting boards. Fish meat, letting Chu Feng butchered.The community clan who previously wanted to know how Chufeng had finally realized the seriousness of the matter. Where Chufeng was a persimmon that allowed them to grasp, it was a crazy pervert, not only with the ability to fight against them, but also Unusually hot and cold, they were sent to death.This time, they really played an iron plate and it was not an ordinary iron plate. It was a very hard iron plate. They were not afraid of fear and did not care about the consequences, but they actually had iron plates with certain strength.In this case, the previous killings of the Jie Clan have long since ceased, replaced by endless fears. Some people want to escape and want to run to the third floor to draw reinforcements. However, Chu Feng does not give them this opportunity. The world is shrouded in shadow, and everyone becomes a bird in the cage because no one can shake the enchantment arranged by Chu Feng.At this moment, Chu Feng is the master in the second layer of the Shura Guita Tower. No one can compete with him.“Bloody, dare to treat us like this, you better not leave here, or as long as you go out, the elders of my community clan will take away your life, not only you, even .... wow!!! ”A clan who was trampled by Chu Feng at the foot of the clan, threatening Chu Feng, could not wait for him to finish his words. Chu Feng let him shut his mouth completely.At the moment, twenty-five ethnic clan members, of whom twenty-four are already in a state of communion, have suffered severe bone fractures and heavy blood. They have all suffered severe injuries."Brother Chu Feng, you are really in trouble this time. The predecessors of my clan are not letting you off."He did not fight against Chu Feng. When Chu Feng escaped from his attack, he already knew that they were not opponents of Chu Feng at all. Instead, he was always standing aside and watching Chu Feng mad at his fellow family."According to the style of your community clan, you will certainly not let Chufeng brothers, but in this border state, my world spiritual association has guaranteed Chu Feng." At this moment, Ma Qiang and others came over."Do you keep him in his house?" asked Kikawa."You can try" Ma Qiang confident."That's good." Jie Chuan nodded and looked at Chu Feng again: "The Chufeng Brothers, no matter how you and my community clan people in the future, I don't want to be an enemy with you. Hopefully, one day you can resolve your grudges. We can also be friends.""You start it!" Jie Chuan closed his eyes, he directly gave up the resistance, but let the disposal of Chu Feng."If you like, you can follow up." However, Chu Feng did not act on Kurokawa because he could see that this community is indeed different from other community clan members, even though Kiekawa is not a member of the Kyokai Association. Friendly, but he did not have any malice.After Chu Feng left, the community clan wanted to start working with Jie Chuan. After all, Jie Chuan had some of them knocked out, but he was stopped by Ma Qiang.Ma Qiang smiled, walked beside Jie Chuan, whispered in his ear and said: "You Jie Chuan, your vision is very independent, can see Chu Feng brothers are individuals.""But it is a pity that the style of your community clan is doomed to be difficult to negotiate with foreigners. This enemy is under you, and this talent, we have made it. This is why my community is able to become stronger and stronger. , and the reason why your community clan is getting lower and lower."Having said this, Ma Qiang chased after Chu Feng, while the other four stayed and sent the wounded people out.Jie Chuan did not go to the third floor again, but like the people of the Society of the Spirits, they sent the people who had been hit by Chu Feng.When these wounded people were sent out of the Shilla Pagoda, they caused a great uproar. The leaders of the World Spirits Association and the clan clan were all furiously nearly hit.Because Ma Qiang and Jie Chuan did not explain it, it was Chu Feng’s inflicted heavy losses on the community clan. Therefore, all the clan clans believe that it is a poisonous hand under the people of the Spiritual Society.However, because some people in the Society of the Spirits were also injured and both sides were irrational. This, after all, was the land of the Spiritual Spirit Society. Therefore, the community clan did not become too entangled and eventually settled down.After all the wounded people had rescued themselves from the tower, Luo Jie did not enter the Shura Pagoda again. Instead, he stood behind the elders within the clan and watched the Shura ghost tower.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!