The 193rd chapter of the world's extraordinary battlefield ghost towers, the red light surging, but lying on the first two or three layers of those faint blue lights, but more eye-catching, because that represents the number of people participating in the assessment.However, the appraisal has been going on for some time. But so far, there is no blue light on the fourth floor. This shows that no one has yet been able to step on the fourth floor. This allows the three elders of the WPA and the community. The clan's three elders are all frowning."What happened in the tower?"This is a common guess between the two groups of people. When the speculation is not seen, it will not be seen by the bitter and deep hatred, as if to say that if your younger generation dares to say to our younger generation, I will certainly not let you off."Look, someone on the fourth floor goes up." Suddenly someone shouted.His shout does not matter, everyone is looking very much changed, quickly locked his eyes on the fourth floor, when seeing the blue light that is moving on the fourth floor, the elders of the two gangs, could not help but long sigh of relief .Although the spirits of this spiritual ghost tower are very strong, but as their juniors, even if the fourth floor does not go up, it will indeed be a laughingstock for people, and now finally some people climbed to the fourth floor, they naturally feel comfortable.However, at the same time, they are also curious, and now there is only one person on the fourth floor. Then is he Gu Bo of the Society of the Spirits or the world of community clan? This is the biggest problem."Look quickly, and someone will go up again." Suddenly, someone shouted again.Sure enough, another blue light appeared on the fourth floor. At this moment, both the community clan and the people of the Society of the Spirits were overjoyed. Even the six elders with unfathomable strength appeared on the face. A faint smile.Among the people who participated in the assessment, only two people were able to climb the fourth floor. One was Gu Bo, and the other was extraordinary. There are now two blue lights. People naturally think of them.This shows that both the juniors of the Society of the Spirits and the juniors of the community have all set foot on this fourth level. At least they have no shame and no inferiority on the face, so both parties will be very comfortable."Oh my God, another man is going up!" But at this time, another person exclaimed.Because in the fourth floor, there is indeed a blue light, this time the people of the clan and the spirit of the Association, are all eyes lit up."Sure, someone else has gone up. Who will this be?"Whether it is the three elders of the clan clan or the three elder elders of the JPC, who are guessing who the third person is, after all, in their impressions, among the juniors participating in the appraisal, The only one on the fourth floor was extraordinary with Gu Bo, and he really could not think of a third person."Bad boy, you really dare to follow."At the same time, on the fourth floor of the Shura Pagoda, the world is confronted with Chu Feng and Gu Bo. At the moment, his entire body is completely new and completely different from the previous momentum on the third floor.The seven-pointed atmosphere of that Yuanwu was truly played. Yuanli lingered around it, constantly surging, and even the air was buzzing."You seem to be in a wrong situation. It's not that I want to follow you. It's because you fled. How can you not escape? Isn't you going to the fifth floor?" Chu Feng sneered."Braised rabbit teeth, you must wait and see."“Gu Bo, this is my personal grudge against this one. Can you not intervene?” The extraordinary world did not directly act, but looked to Gu Bo. Although he reached the fourth floor, his cultivation was no longer Pressing, but Gu Bo is the same."The community is extraordinary. The Chufeng brothers are friends of my community. You have to deal with him, and you have to deal with me.""This is not a personal grudge but a grudge between my community and the clan of your community. Do you want me to stand by and think it possible?" Gu Bo smiled faintly."You ....." The community is very angry. If he only deals with Chu Feng, he still has some assurance. However, if he deals with Chu Feng and Gu Bo, he may have no confidence."Gu Boxiong, you don't have to give it up. I just want to see what the genius of this community clan really has."However, Chu Feng waved his hand at Gu Bo and motioned to Gu Bo not to use his hand. Afterwards, a single shot of a golden gun appeared in the palm of his hand, and his stature was vertical. He flew away in an extraordinary way."A bit of courage." See Chu Feng facing the attack, the extraordinary is not flash do not hide, the waist of the universe bag flash light, a blue sword will appear in the hands.This sword is very beautiful. It is made of ice. It is crystal clear and has a little bit of light, but it is indestructible. It is a piece of sword, and it is a piece of gas that is not near yet. The special blade made of cold iron is a cold iron sword on the black gold blade.This sword is a treasure, and the extraordinary swordsmanship in this field is also very good. It is a Wudang Wuji, and Jianfeng transfers the ghosts and ghosts. The cold iron sword in his hands can be really played, and it constantly launches a fierce blow to Chufeng. Offensive.However, Chu Feng did not show any weakness, but a little Hanmang first arrived, and then shot out like a dragon. At this moment, the golden spear was a long golden dragon, and the attack was fierce. The sweep was like the wind, and the offensive was more extraordinary than that. Also strong.The two were engaged in a battle, no one defended, and the most ferocious attacks were launched. Under such confrontation, Chu Feng clearly occupied an advantage, and several times he took the golden rifle to the extraordinary. Body.However, the extraordinary body has Zeng Qiang's enchantment and enchantment, and that enchantment is a special kind of treasure to be distributed out. It is very good, so even if Chu Feng can hit the extraordinary, he can't hurt it. The world is extraordinary.This makes the world extraordinary to occupy a great advantage, it means that he can not be afraid of Chu Feng's offensive, but he can play a normal attack to Chu Feng, because he will not be injured, but as long as he can call Chu Feng, Chu Feng will lose in his hands."Bad boy, you dare to undermine the rules of the assessment, and forcefully kick the clan of my community out of the game. Even if you leave this tower, you can't escape death. Let me give you an extraordinary way to send you a ride."The world’s extraordinary offensive is increasingly fierce, and the cold iron sword in his hands is also increasingly tricky, plus he casts a kind of magical avatar and martial arts, which is not as weak in speed as Chu Feng’s. Become an advantage.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!