The 194th chapter of the White Tiger attacked and exterminated "This guy is really fierce, and the martial arts and treasures he masters are all too subtle. If it isn't the spiritual pressure on the fourth floor, there is still a lot of suppression on his strength. I'm afraid that My Yuan Wu’s heavy cultivation is really not his opponent.”Chu Feng recognized the extraordinary power of the industry. According to estimates by Chu Feng, it is definitely not the real power of the world. Under the oppression of this pressure, I am afraid that at the most extreme, I am afraid that I can only use the power of Yuan Wu sixfold, and Chu Feng It is strangely unaffected and it has played 100% strength.Therefore, Chu Feng felt that if the two of them left this place and played normally, even if he used the power of the Golden Thunder, he would upgrade his cultivation to the double weight of the Yuan Wu, and it may not necessarily be an extraordinary opponent in this sector.After all, the other party has a lot of treasures in it. Now it only uses the cold iron sword, and there is no wonder where it can release the baby in the enchantment. In addition to these, Chu Feng does not know what kind of treasures there are.For a time, Chu Feng was a great admirer of the world. Although he now has some means, he is desperately trading for himself. As for special treasures, it can be nothing.Therefore, Chu Feng was somewhat envious. After all, these people who were born in the Niubi family had, for all of them, a strong family background and countless resources, as long as they were able to show off their talents and win favor with their elders. Resources are easy things to do.Suddenly, a blue light flashed past Chu Feng's left arm, and Chu Feng was caught off guard.“Abhorrent.” Feeling the burning sensation from his left arm, Chu Feng knew he was injured. Although he was not very serious, he was only injured by skin injuries."Oh, this is only just beginning. You will immediately fall under my sword." A successful move, it is extraordinary that the sector is even stronger, once again madly attacked Chu Feng."I thought you could win me?"With a sword in his body, Chu Feng was also furious. At the foot of his foot, he saw a metaphor of white energy, and when this light appeared, Chu Feng disappeared instantly. When it appeared again, it was an extraordinary one. Behind."This guy, so fast!""What is that martial arts, even so mysterious!"At this moment, whether it is the extraordinary battle with Chu Feng, or Gu Biao watching the game, all eyes are bright and look great.Because they can see that Chu Feng’s display of a mysterious military technique is completely different from that of the previous Thunder. The light under this foot is obviously faster and more than a few times faster.If we say that the Thunder that had risen under the foot of Chufeng had previously been rare, it would be very rare for Chu Feng to display it. If Chu Feng was used to display it, it would be five-piece. The martial arts technique, then Chu Feng's display is six-piece body-style martial arts, and it is a very powerful kind."Chu Feng actually mastered six military techniques. Where did he come from?"Gu Bo was terribly surprised. Even if the six-piece Wuji was placed in his community, not all of them could cultivate, and it was extremely difficult to cultivate. However, Chu Feng’s display at the moment was obviously a six-piece martial art, which proved two points.First, Chu Feng was able to practice with six military skills, indicating that he had a very deep background, otherwise it would be impossible to practice such superb martial arts skills.Second, Chu Feng was able to practice to the six-segment martial arts on the one hand, but he was able to master the six-segment martial arts, but it was not something ordinary people could do. This further explained Chu Feng's success.Both of these points were enough to make Gu Bo extremely shocked with the community. Together with his insights, Chu Feng could not be influenced by intangible waves and not be affected by the spiritual pressure, and he could be defeated by Yuan Wuyi, a major champion of war. after that.Both of them have realized the fact that Chu Feng is a genius, a true genius, and a genius higher than their two talents.All the things that Chu Feng showed were shocking the hearts of the two people. But if they let them know that Chu Feng was not using six avatars and martial arts, but after seven acrobatics and martial arts, I wondered what kind of expression they would be. ."I do not believe, can not break your protection body enchantment." Chu Feng to avoid the industry's extraordinary offensive, he condensed in the hands of a golden longbow, cast out the highest ambiguity of the ever-changing bow."Chu" Chu Feng right hand, such as electricity, continue to pull, a few golden arrows, it is like a torrential rain in general, dense crowded out to the community.“铛铛铛铛” is an extraordinary wave in the hands of the cold iron sword, to withstand your heavens and arrows of the rain, but no matter how he can not stop, fortunately there is a protective body enchantment, otherwise it has long been a sieve."It's useless. This is the treasure of the town clan of my community clan. My big brother lent me my militants.""There is it to protect me, not to mention you, even those who are in the realm of Xuanwu, and they don't want to hurt me." Said the world proudly.“Treasurer of the township, is it a miracle soldier, a thornbush armor?” Hearing this extraordinary story, Gu Bo was taken aback, because he knew how extraordinary the big brother is.If it is said that the community is one of the junior members of the community clan, then the extraordinary big brother is the first genius among the juniors, the best genius of the clan clans, and the representative of the young generation of clan clans.At the age of seventeen, when he entered the Xuanwu territory, he was now at the age of twenty-three. He was already at the height of basalt. He was able to contend with the older generations. Even the top elite of the Jiefangling Association was very frightened by the extraordinary big brother.Because of the extraordinary talent of the big brother in the world, the future patriarch, who has long been determined to be a member of the community, has won the treasure of the town clan among the community clan, a miracle soldier and a thornbush armor.Only unexpectedly, the extraordinary brother, unexpectedly lends this militant to the extraordinary, and this militant is in the body. Even the strong basaltic warriors cannot injure the world. What is more, it is Chu Feng."Chu Feng brothers, do not entanglement with him, that thornbush armor is a militant, not that you can break." Not realizing, Gu Bo quickly reminded."Oh, can't break it? I'd like to see if it is really unbreakable!"Gu Bo heard this, it is even more provocative Chu Feng reluctantly, he simply put away the hands of the Variety bow, mind rotation, the entire person's momentum becomes completely different.The "bang" suddenly sounded like a tiger, and a coercion descended from heaven. The powerful momentum was even a shake of the fourth floor."This is how this momentum is going on?"This change, making Gu Bo face change, he can feel that this momentum is spread from the body of Chu Feng, but this momentum, he only felt in the body of the strong Xuanwu, Chu Feng is just Yuan Wuyi How can such a momentum be distributed?The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!