Chapter 192 Sending you a "What are you?" Everyone was surprised to see Chu Feng.Because the spiritual pressure of this third layer is very strong, and it has opened up a double invisible array. The Wu Quan of Yuan Wu and the Wu Quan of Yuan Wu are all oppressed and squatted on the ground, and it is difficult to get up.Even Gu Bo and the world are extraordinary, these two extremely talented people have all been greatly affected. They cannot go to the passage leading to the fourth pass. They can only stay here, but Chu Feng has no influence. It is too It's shocking.But at the same time, everyone was shocked. After all, most of them are now unable to protect themselves, and are barely supported here. At this time, Chu Feng was such a guy and it was a great threat to them."I'm your friend and I'm supported by Ma Qiang to help you." It seems to feel the fear of the crowd. Chu Feng kindly smiled at Gu Bo and others.People with spiritual power will not be weak, especially the people present. They have strong spiritual power. So they can feel that in Chu Feng’s words, Chu Feng does not seem to be lying, but like to really help Their.At this moment, people in the Society of the Spirits were relieved. They were relieved. When Chu Feng said the next sentence, they were suddenly ecstatic.Chu Feng looked at the world of extraordinary clan clans, saying: "And you are my enemies, I am afraid you can not pass the assessment.""Fart, what do you think you are!"Among the community clan people, one of the six members of the Yuan Wu is struggling to climb up from the ground. This is to start with Chu Feng.However, he was already unable to protect him, but Chu Feng lifted his leg, kicked a few meters away, directly hit the wall, fainted."Many people, who are you, dare to work with my community clan?"Upon seeing this, the world’s extraordinary face changed in vain. He did not shoot because he could see from the foot of Chu Feng’s earlier that Chu Feng’s strength could not be underestimated. At least for now, he may not be Chu Feng's opponent."I'm the person who ended your assessment." Chu Feng smiled a bit and did not do anything else to the others. Instead, he grabbed one of them's talisman and followed him to the nearby clan. people.At this moment, the Jie clan people are all powerless. Facing Chu Feng's snatch, there is no way. In the end, only Chu Feng will be allowed to snatch away the talisman from them."What do you want to do?" The world is extremely panicked. Looking at Chu Feng's hands and holding a lot of amulets, he has a bad feeling."Nothing, give you a ride." Chu Feng smiled, one hand suddenly forced, that the hands of dozens of amulets will be pinched into a smash, while a strange fluctuation, but also passed out.At this moment, “You are bastard!!!”, the world is extremely furious. He can no longer calm himself, and stands up. The atmosphere of Yuan Wu’s seven-pronged atmosphere is released and he is forced away by Chu Feng."Well, you're worse!" However, Chu Feng, but did not put his oppression in his eyes, but opened his hands to the extraordinary universe of poaching.Chu Feng was not trying to snatch his baby, but simply to take down his amulet, because as long as the amulet crumb, it means that they gave up the assessment, the results of the failure, which is the greatest shame for the community clan.However, there was something extraordinary in the world and some methods were used. If the attack failed, several attacks were immediately launched. The blow was more fierce than the first strike, and the blow was more fierce than the one attack. It can be seen that the top genius of the community clan has really extraordinary means. .However, despite the fierceness of the extraordinary offensive in the world, in front of Chufeng, they are all scared. Chu Feng does not have to display martial arts and gestures."This guy really can not be bound by the invisibility, and the third layer of spiritual pressure? What kind of person is he?"Gu Bo quietly observed all of this, and his expression was very complicated because he discovered the extraordinary features of Chu Feng, and this extraordinaryness could not even be compared to him.So he was surprised and wondered how there were such powerful characters in the world. He was also curious and wondered where such characters came from."Enough, let you kneel down."Suddenly, Chu Feng lost his patience, and the operation of the Royal Airshow quickly swept to the extraordinary behind the world. He leaned out his hand and took him to the pockets of the universe.Although Chu Feng had not yet touched the world, he suddenly found a tyrannical enchantment blocking his palms. This enchantment was very tyrannical, and it was covered in an extraordinary body, and it was his entire person. Wrapped in it.For the first time, Chu Feng encountered enchantments that could block his attack. However, he was not afraid. He held a single hand, and a golden dagger appeared in his palm and pierced the world."Ding" daggers and entanglement interweave, suddenly heard a loud noise, although Chu Feng failed to attack that enchantment, but the powerful momentum will be the extraordinary explosion of dozens of meters."The damn bastard thing, there is a kind of you to follow up, Xiao Ye will certainly abandon you." The community is unusually stabilized stature, was angry and gritted teeth, actually rushed to the passage to the fourth floor."This brother, don't go past. The enchantment that covers him is a special kind of treasure released. It's very good.""On the fourth floor, there will be no pressure from intangible waves. The strength of the treasure will be stronger and the extraordinary repairs will be able to be played. You may not be his opponent there." Kubo saw The extraordinary intentions of the sector quickly discouraged Chu Feng."Thank you for your kindness, but I must go on the fourth floor." Chu Feng smiled indifferently, and then chased away from the world."You support, the people of the Guild will immediately come to rescue you." Gu Bo glanced at the guilty genius who was lying on the ground, biting his teeth and forming a vertical stature, leading to the passage leading to the fourth floor. Go in.Just as soon as the three of them left, they rushed in more than a dozen grey-gown practitioners, all of whom were members of the Society of Spirits. When they entered here, they were all frowned upon and could not help but be overwhelmed by this invisible wave."Quickly, go to the fourth floor. There is a junk kid there. They crushed our amulets. Go and get him down.""Yes, he violated the rules of assessment and must be severely punished." At this moment, the people of the community clan began shouting loudly and complaining about wrongs."There is no such thing as they could not resist the intimidation of this invisible power and crushed the amulet myself," but the Society of the Spirits rushed to retort."You fart!!!" Seeing, the community clan is about to vomit blood.Looking at their own geniuses, they looked at the people of the clan, a grey-gown division spirit who looked like a leader, pointing to those who were in the clan, saying: “Bring these people who have abstained, bring me down. !”The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!