The 197th chapter "Seventh floor" "Sure enough, the spiritual pressure here can nourish the growth of the seed of the spiritual fruit more quickly. It seems that there is hope to save the egg." Chu Fengpan sat on the sixth floor and looked at the palm. The spiritual seed that is changing is very happy.Because the seed of the spiritual fruit at the moment has a huge difference from the beginning, Chu Feng can feel the spiritual power contained in it, how powerful it is, and it is still increasing.When he saw hope, Chu Feng had a head start, but he only wanted to seed these three seeds into a mature fruit, but it took no long time.In the Shura Pyramid, although the number of climbed layers is used to judge the strength of each person and the level of talent, the length of the support in the Shure Guiji Tower is also a method of judging.On the night of the assessment, there were many people who couldn't support it and ran from the first floor. There was no change in the seed of the spiritual fruit in the hands.After the first day, almost all the people on the first and second floors left. Most of the seedlings in these people's hands had sprouts, and some of them also grew branches and leaves. The price has increased a lot, of course, more is to prove their ability.On the second day, even those on the third floor were all down, and when the third-tier members of these divisions came down, they were immediately called into the palace.Because no matter who is the community clan or the elders of the community, they all want to know who is the third person on the fourth floor.“You mean that the third person who embarked on the fourth level is neither the person of the Chinese Spiritual Society nor the community clan but an outsider?” Elder Chang of the Society of the Spirits and Spirits was very satisfied with this answer. be surprised."Then you can know, where did the son come from, and who did the surname?" Elder continued."He was called Chu Feng. Although he did not know where he came from, he was very much taken care of by people in my community.""On the third floor, the community clan mobilized an invisible big battle. We want to suppress us and prevent us from continuing to climb upwards. If Chu Feng does not help, we may find it difficult to live out." A young girl sharply answered and said Even worse, I looked at the three clan elders."Nonsense, I am now a member of the clan community who is seriously injured. You would dare to marry them." The elders of the clan clan were furious when they could not even speak to him."What is the truth? After the completion of the assessment, I would naturally investigate clearly, but now I'm more concerned about it. Now, how long can the three people in the tower hold on? If they have someone, they can hold a mature one. Ling Guo.” Between Elder and Elder, he turned his eyes to the Shura Guita.“Oh.” The elders of the community clan did not say much when they chilled out. After all, what they are most concerned about now is how long the three people in the tower can persist, and who is on the fourth floor? Who is on the fifth floor? Who is the one on the summit?On the third day, the blue light on the fourth floor began to move. After a moment, it calmed the entrance of Shuro's ghost tower for a full day and finally it wriggled up.At this moment, all people's eyes are concentrated there. People feel that this stays on the fourth floor for a full three-day period. It is very likely that Chu Feng is there.Although this person is not a member of the Society of the Spirits and is not a person of the clan ethnic group, people still want to experience Chu Feng's true feelings. After all, he is able to embark on the fourth layer and can be included in the list of geniuses."Yeah." It was only afterwards that when the figure went out, everyone was shocked when a figure came out. Especially the three elders of the community clan were even more stunned and surprised.Because at this moment, standing outside the Shura Guiku Pagoda is not Chu Feng, nor is it Gu Bo, but the community members of the clan are full of self-confidence."How could this be the case of the extraordinary young masters of my family and the extraordinary masters who are armed with thorns and armor? How could they only climb to the fourth floor?"The world is also ugly. When he says nothing, he hurries to leave because he can't tell people that he is threatened by Chu Feng and can only stay on the fourth floor. After all this kind of thing is said, not only is he lost. His people even lost the face of the community clan."The three elders, it seems that your treasure of the township family did not play a role. Haha." The elders of the World Spirits Association feel very good."You ...." The elders of the community clan were stricken with angry faces. They wanted to refute anything but ultimately they did not say anything. After all, they did speak too loudly before. Now they are not beaten. Way to hide.At the moment, compared with the decline of the Jie Clan people, the people of the Society of the Spirits and Spirits are in a good mood. Since the community has already been out of the game, they all feel that it is very likely that they are the Gu Bo of the World Spirit Association.However, on the afternoon of the third day, the blue point of the fifth floor disappeared. After the self-study of the Luo Gungta, the people of the Society of the Spirits were also faced with complexities. Even the community clan was astonished.Since Gu Bo's appearance, he told everyone the answer. The person who reached the summit was neither a community clan nor a community spirit but a young man named Chu Feng."He actually succeeded!"Gu Bo stood under the tower and looked up. He looked at the blue light of the sixth floor. He was overwhelmed. Although he had seen extraordinary Chu Feng, when Chu Feng succeeded in climbing to the top, he would still have an indescribable excitement."Gu Bo." Suddenly, a voice sounded behind him. Gu Bo looked back and waited and could not help but be surprised. He was actually the top leader of the Society of the Spirits, Li Elder."Elder Elder, how did you come down?" Gu Bo asked in surprise."Oh, have you seen Chu Feng?” Elder asked, laughing."He is really amazing. When he was on the fifth floor, he was not affected by the spiritual pressure. It was just that I couldn't think of it. He really could climb to the top," Gu Bo replied."Well, it is very good, I am afraid that it is a great man!" Elder Elder nodded and then looked to the sixth floor meaningfully."Elder Elder, just that Chu Feng had a holiday with the community clan.....""Needless to say, this Chu Feng is in any case, I have Baoding Society, this kind of character must be drawn to my spiritual society." Elder Lee waved his hand, they walked toward the palace, and Gu Bo The face finally emerged with a smile of peace.At the same time, Chu Feng, who is on the sixth floor, has stood up and looked at the palms of the three dark green spirits. He was unable to tell the emotions. He could feel the implication of the three spiritual fruits. How powerful the spiritual power is, if this spiritual power is really useful, it will surely save the eggs."This feeling." Suddenly, however, Chu Feng was a big change. He noticed something and felt something wrong.He hurried to get up and took out the Spiritual Compass. After instilling his spiritual power, all pointers to the Spiritual Compass were pointing upwards.After carefully observing the spiritual power of Chu Feng, he was not surprised by the fact that he was surprised and said: “Is there a seventh floor?”The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!