The 196th chapter climbed to the top of the "military soldiers. There was such a thing in the world."Chu Feng had some envy, because even his white tiger attacking and artillery could not attack the thorns and armor of the extraordinary body. It was obvious that the miraculous soldier had much to gain."The miraculous soldiers are very precious. The only people in the community clan are the miracle soldiers. They are the treasures of their townspeople.""It is not enough to make up for the world. Only the Raiders can protect themselves, but if it is in the hands of his eldest brother, then the thornbush armor is not a simple body care tool but a lethal weapon."“The extraordinary big brother is very powerful, but it is the future chief patriarch of the community clan. Since it has been the culmination of the basalt, it is expected to impact Tianwu in recent years. Even the elders of my spiritual council are very jealous of him.”“Another big brother who is extraordinary in the world and willing to lend the treasures of the town clan to the extraordinary, can see that he is still very fond of the world. Therefore, it is best for you to not harm the world.” Gu Bo continued to remind."Thank you for reminding me." Chu Feng finally knew why Gu Bo had given him such a look because the extraordinary background of this sector was really terrible."But you can rest assured that your shot this time is for my community, and my community will certainly spare no effort to protect you." Gu Bo pledged his promise."Oh ..." Chu Feng smiled slightly, did not answer. Instead, it continued to move forward. This passage leading to the fifth floor is different from other passages, and it has been able to feel the increase in spiritual pressure before it arrives.When the two went through the enchantment entrance that entered the fifth floor, after actually stepping into the fifth floor, Gu Bo's face suddenly changed and even breathing became difficult."Gu Bo brother, are you okay?" Upon seeing this, Chu Feng rushed to support Gu Bo.“Chufeng Brothers, you are too powerful. Even on this fifth floor, you can be so relaxed.” Gu Bo first took a deep breath and then looked at the old face of Chu Feng, unable to shake his head and sighed. Feng Feng, my qualifications are limited. This fifth floor is my end and I cannot accompany you to continue climbing.”"Gu Boxiong, then you take care of yourself!" Chu Feng was not nonsense. After helping Gu Bo sit down, he continued to walk to the sixth floor."Chu Fengxiong, I can enter the fifth floor of the World Spirits Association. Actually, there are countless numbers, but on the sixth floor, no one has set foot for a hundred years."“The level of spiritual pressure on the sixth floor was not known by anyone, but the level leading to the sixth floor was more difficult than one. It had caused many seniors to suffer a major loss and even lost their lives.”"Your spiritual power is very strong, but you still have to be careful. I hope you can succeed and become the first person to set foot on the sixth floor after 100 years." Gu Bo looked forward to face because Chu Feng was what he had seen. The people who are most hopeful to embark on the sixth floor."Gu Bo brother is assured that I will try my best, but will not be forced." Chu Feng smiled and walked to the sixth floor.“There are two people on the fifth floor together. It must have been Gu Bo’s extraordinary community. It must have been both of them.” At the same time, it is already a jubilation outside the Shura Pagoda.Both the community clan and the world’s spiritual guilds are very happy, because the two blue lights tell them that two people embark on the fifth floor and they can guess that the two must be their geniuses respectively. Gu Bo and the community are extraordinary."Look quickly. One person disappeared. Where did he go? It wouldn't be impossible to withstand the spiritual pressure on the fifth floor. Go back to the fourth floor?""Impossible. His direction of movement is not the direction of the fourth floor. It is... The sixth floor. Someone wants to challenge the sixth floor."“Oh my God, finally someone is challenging the sixth floor? What is the sixth floor that hasn’t been climbed for a hundred years?”"Who is it? Is it extraordinary or Gu Bo?"At this moment, the crowd was exclaimed, and neither of the two strong players was able to calm down. Even the six elders were blinded by the sixth floor.But soon, this exclamation gradually subsided, and in the end the entire square was silent because the longer the blue light disappeared, the more powerful the person who challenged the sixth floor, he did not withdraw, but was Continue to summit.At this moment, everyone held their breath, quietly heard people's heartbeat, compact breathing, and everyone was staring at the sixth floor.They are very much looking forward to expecting someone to embark on the sixth floor because since the two hundred years ago, the two clan geniuses of the clan and the spirits have reached the sixth floor, they have no later generations and they can successfully climb the board. The sixth floor.The sixth layer became a myth and became a myth that no one could break. Whether it was a community clan or a world spiritual association, it was hoped that such a person would break this myth."Look quickly, it was Blu-ray. Blue light appeared on the sixth floor. He succeeded and he successfully climbed to the sixth floor." Suddenly, someone exclaimed, excited and dancing."Oh my God, he succeeded. Someone succeeded in reaching the summit!""Who is that? Is it Gu Bo of my community? Or is it an extraordinary community?"Immediately afterwards, with exclaimation, the entire square was completely boiled inside and out, and people were happy not knowing what to do with it. Even the spirit-guild and the community clan were embracing each other.Even the six elders on the palace are excited and trembling. Their faces are full of unspeakable joy."Hundred years, a hundred years, finally someone was on board."The elders of the Society of the Spirits said in that trembling voice, because this represents, and another extremely talented genius was born. Those who can reach the sixth floor must be extremely talented, even if they are not at Xiuwu. But in the art of enchantment, there must be such attainments.“Elder Elder, do you think that now that you are on the sixth floor, is it the Gu Bo of your guild or the community of my clan?” Suddenly an elders of the clan clan asked with laughter."Oh, no matter who it is, it shows that there has been a rare genius. An amazing spiritual master is likely to be born today. This is a good thing for me in the world." Replied with a smile."Indeed, this is indeed a good thing for me in the world, but it is not a good thing for your community." The elder laughed.“What do you mean?” After hearing this, the three elders of the Society of the Spirits were extremely unhappy."Because the people who are at the top of the summit will not be the Kubo of your community. It must have been an extraordinary one for my community clan." The elder's face was full of self-confidence."Oh, it's really arrogant. The extraordinary qualifications of the community are really good, but Gu Bo is not worse than him. Why did you make such a decision?" Li Elder sighed coldly and was extremely dissatisfied."What on earth? The extraordinary use of the community to wear my family's treasure, thorns armored," the elder sneered.“What? The thorny armor, the world actually wears it?” And at this moment, the elders of the Society of the Spirits were all taken aback. Immediately afterwards, they all appeared in the faces of disappointment.The armor of the thorns is a militant soldier. It was a descendant of the clan clan from the ancestors. It does have endless functions for this militant soldier. Maybe it can really help the community to reduce the intensity of spiritual pressure and lead to the sixth floor. The miraculous soldier is nothing he does.However, when the two forces were arguing about who was the sixth layer, Chu Feng had already sat down and smiled at the three palms that were changing, and the seed of the spirit was changing.Spirit seeds need to be fed with spiritual pressure. Although there will be changes at each level, it will take some time. At the moment, the three seeds in Chu Feng’s hands are changing very quickly. They have already grown branches and leaves. The reason why it will grow so fast is that Chu Feng is at the top of the Shura Pagoda, the sixth floor.The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!