The 189th chapter revives Chu Feng with ecstasy. He can feel that there is an entrance of enchantment on top of his head, and as long as it is properly cracked, he may be able to open the hidden enchantment entrance. ."Strangely, here is the top floor. How come there will be an entrance for enchantment. Is it that there is a seventh floor of this Shura ghost tower, or is it the gateway to it?"Chu Feng's ecstasy was also lost in thought. He felt that the entrance to the enchantment that appeared at the top of his head at this moment was not simple, because he had been here for three days, but he had never felt this enchantment entrance.Therefore, it can be said that the entrance to the enchantment automatically induced Chu Feng, not Chu Feng through his own ability to sense, which made him have to doubt whether the enchantment entrance is a certain kind of trap."That's right. Eggs and eggs have mentioned the word Shura. As long as she awakens her, she may know the secret of this Shura ghost tower!"Thought of this, Chu Feng also made a embarrassment. Although he knows that this spirit can save the eggs, he does not know how to use the fruit."Forget it, there are three Lingguo anyway, eat one and see if it works."Chu Feng did not hesitate, but picked up a spiritual fruit and swallowed it a few times. Not to mention it, the taste of this spiritual fruit was really good, it was delicious and thirsty, even let Chu Feng think that this He has eaten the most delicious fruit.However, he did not know that the reason why he thought that this spiritual fruit was so delicious was not that the spirit was really delicious, but that he had not eaten a grain of rice for a long time and did not drink a drop of water.However, shortly after the Lingguo got into the abdomen, Chu Feng felt two strengths. One force integrated into his own mind and merged with his own spiritual power, which immediately strengthened his spiritual power.The other force has also poured into his brain, but not with his spiritual power, but into his spiritual world."It's the egg, it's the smell of the egg. It really didn't die."Chu Feng became more and more excited because he felt the smell of the eggs and the eggs were absorbing the spiritual power contained in the spirit. In this case, the smell of the eggs was getting stronger and stronger, gradually even Chu Feng. It can be felt that the body of the egg is reuniting in its own spiritual space."Well, this spirit is really useful." Upon seeing this, Chu Feng quickly picked up a fruit and swallowed it.After this spiritual fruit is in the abdomen, Chu Feng is also turning his mind and putting his consciousness into the spiritual world. He wants to see it.At this moment, Chu Feng can clearly see that in his vast spiritual world, there are a large number of green gas floating in them.This gas is very beautiful, like a glow, but it exudes a faint green brilliance. It is now gathering in the spiritual space.In this case, the green light is becoming less and less, and it is soon swallowed up. The spiritual world has also been restored to the past."Want to think about it, but it's not fast!" Just in Chu Feng's effort, the space in the spiritual space suddenly sounded like a silver bell."Eggs are eggs!"Chu Feng's excited body shuddered, his tender face covered with a bright smile, and when he stepped into the spiritual space, the joy of his face was even more intense to the extreme.Because in the center of space, the egg is standing there, still is a black skirt made of black feathers, with a fragrant white shoulder and a straight leg.The devil's body did not change in any way. It seemed to be even more attractive than in the past. The beautiful face on that sweet face was now bent into two sweet crescent moons and was staring at Chu Feng with a smile."You're pretty bad, actually got Lingguo, who told you this thing, can wake me up?" asked the egg with a smile.However, Chu Feng did not speak, but he took a big step. A few arrows came before and after the egg body, his arms spread open, and he took this seductive leprechaun into his arms. Don't mess up next time, do you know how much I worry about you!"Chu Feng was tightly embraced into her arms, and on the white cheeks of the eggs, a hint of blush appeared. This girl was even shy.However, she did not push Chu Feng, because with her cultivation, if you want to hide, you can completely escape Chu Feng's bear hug."You have enough of this guy, and you have to take a bit of the queen's cheap, or be careful that the queen has abolished you!"At this moment, Chu Feng realized that his behavior was a little too much and he was still full of emotions. He slyly let go of the stuff in his arms and laughed, “You heard the Shura Pagoda?”“Sura Ghost Tower? You heard of the Shura Ghost Tower?” Hear the Shura ghost tower, the egg is also a look of change."It wasn't heard, but we are now in this Shure Guida Tower!" Chu Feng replied."Really? Let's go out and let me see!" After hearing this, the egg suddenly ecstatic, excited and jumped.And Chu Feng was not neglected. He moved his mind into the Shura Pagoda and he looked around to see the environment he was in at the moment."Haha, it's so good. It's really Shura's Ghost Tower. Where is Chufeng? Is it Kyushu?” From the egg's voice, she could hear her getting excited."It is the border state of Kyushu, the egg, what exactly is this Shura Ghost Tower?" Chu Feng also followed with excitement. He could feel that the eggs were likely to know what the Shura ghost tower was."Unexpectedly, there is the Shura Guita Tower in the Kyushu Continent. It seems that this is not a simple place. At least the extremely powerful spiritual priests have come here to leave such an impossibility.""Chu Feng, you want to know, what is the use of this Shura Guita Tower? This Shura Guida Tower is a big seal.""But it is sealed, not a terrible monster, but an extremely precious treasure!" explained the egg."Where is it, where is it?” Chu Feng asked excitedly."No, there is no possibility that there are only six stories in the Shura Pagoda, and there are at least seven stories in the Shuro Pagoda. Look up and there must be an entrance to the enchantment.""Yes, there is indeed an entrance to the enchantment above. That said, the Shura Gui Pagoda really has a seventh floor?""Of course, if I have not guessed correctly, the seal of the supreme treasure in this Shura ghost tower is on it!"The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!