The 139th invisible bubble of the Shura Pagoda under the invisible sky is very beautiful and very strange. When there is life, it will bloom a little blue light. This blue light is on the first floor. At most, the second floor also appeared at the moment, and it is still increasing.On the third level, there are more people than on the second level. Because the genius of the Spiritual Society and the genius of the community clan are all on the third level. Of course, apart from these geniuses, there are almost no one. Can step into the third floor.However, Keikawa knew in his heart that there is still one person who can step in there and that person is likely to change something. The balance between his clan clan and the Society of the Spirits will tilt because of Chu Feng.From the first floor to the second floor, you just have to walk through the stairs, but from the second floor to the third floor, you have to pass many small tube cards, which makes Chu Feng and Ma Qiang spend some time.In the end, however, the two succeeded in coming to the third floor entrance, but only after they passed through that enchantment, Ma Qiang changed his face and his breath became depressed, and he fell to the ground.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng hurriedly held on to her, and asked tensely, "What's wrong? Can't you afford the spiritual pressure here?"Chu Feng was surprised. Although this third-level spiritual pressure was much stronger, he still could afford it. It is reasonable to say that with Ma Lingong's spiritual power, even if there is pressure, he will not be oppressed in such a field."Fast and quick to take me away, I can't resist the pressure here." Ma Qiang said this sentence very hard, and Chu Feng was not nonsense. He rushed to help him back into the channel."Ma Qiang brother, are you better?"At this moment, Ma Qiang's face is still pale, but the kind of powerful pressure is no longer there, so he has been able to calmly breathe."The Chu Feng brothers, the third layer of the spiritual pressure is wrong, there must be something wrong, I am afraid that most of the community clan people use special means.""When I beg you brother Chu Feng, when you ask you to go to the third floor, if the community clan wants to be detrimental to the people of my community, you must rescue them and help them." Suddenly, Ma Strongly grabbed Chu Feng's hand and asked nervously."Ma Qiang brother, rest assured that if there is any change, I Chu Feng will do its best to protect the people of the Society of the Spirit." To see Ma Qiang that nervous look, Chu Feng also realized that something is wrong, turned and will be The third layer rushed.It is not that Chu Feng is willing to be a good old man, but that he now completely offends the community clan, and he must liaise with the people of the Society of the Spirits. The better he leaves a impression on the people of the Society, the Society will protect him. The greater the intensity will be, the better it will be for his future development.Chu Feng returned to the third floor. After a few turns, he finally came to the main hall, and an amazing scene appeared before his eyes.Among the grand main halls there are two sets of horses. One wave is the genius of the clan clan. They stand in the same place. Although some people's faces are very ugly, they are still affordable and have not been subjected to too much. Big influence, not to mention Ma Qiang.But in their opposites, they are the people of the Society of the Spirits. But now, almost all the members of the Society of the Spirits are kneeling on the ground. The color of the pain in their faces is as if they are under tremendous pressure, just like Ma Qiang’s. The same situation."The world is extraordinary, and you are humble, and you instigate this third-layer invisible form to suppress us."The top genius Gu Bo of the World Spirits Association is the only one who can stand in the same place, but his face is also sweaty as follows. It can be seen that even if he can resist that kind of oppression, it is also very laborious."Gu Bo, don't say this. What is despicable? This is called a means. It can only be said that your guild has occupied this Shura Pagoda for so long, but it is not enough to understand it."“All the clan clans in my community can motivate the intangible formations here. It is thanks to the exploration of our ancestors. We must blame the people of the World Spirit Guild. It is too incompetent.” Meaning."Oh, really think that only you community clan people understand this Shura ghost tower? I let you see what you don't know about the battle formation." Gu Bo suddenly changed his face, his hands overlap, and he hit a strange fingerprint. A strange wave of volatility spreads more and more centered on him and is integrated into this Shura ghost tower.“Rumble...” At this moment, the third layer of the Shura Pagoda, with roaring sounds, couldn’t help but tremble slightly, and a powerful force was being released."Quickly, stop him!" When you see it, the world realizes that things are not good, and you have to sell your words.However, when it was too late, only when Gu Bo lifted his hands suddenly, a powerful force shook the third layer instantaneously. The formerly clan-minded community members suddenly changed face, like the people of the Society of the Spirits. Powerless kneeling on the ground.Even the extraordinary world was under tremendous pressure, and he quickly sat down on the floor, playing a strange fingerprint, and then looking fiercely to Gu Bodao: “What do you have in this mixed account?”The Clan clansman has been unable to pose a threat to himself. Gu Bo has also quickly sat cross-legged and sat down with his hands to print a fingerprint to better counter the kind of oppression."I know that you have brought some kind of treasure on you, and that treasure can lift you from the oppression of a large array after you instigate this invisible array of the third layer.""But you don't know. After so many years of exploration, we have discovered a more powerful intangible line in this Shure Gui Pagoda.""This intangible battlefield, there are no treasures to contend with, unless the strength of oneself is strong enough, otherwise we do not want to get past this large array of oppression. Originally I didn't want to motivate this big battle because it was not good for you to me.""But I don't think you would be so mean. In order to suppress our performance, I actually did this. Now I have inspired this big battle, I can't close it. We will all be stopped on the third floor. And all this It was forced by you." Gu Bo was very angry."It seems that I have underestimated you, but it's harmless. I can't stop at this third level.""Who said that you will all stop on this third floor?" At this moment, the faint sound of Chu Feng suddenly sounded."Who is it?" This change made the world's extraordinary clan clansmen, as well as the geniuses of Gu Bo and other community associations, all shocked.They set their sights on the entrance and found that Chu Feng was slowly coming out. The relaxed, relaxed attitude was as if he could not feel the oppression of that intangible form, let alone the third layer of spiritual pressure. .The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!