Chapter II Chu Feng, the beauty elders, is not the Chu family, but the Chu Family Laowu "Yuan Chu Yuan," adopted by the son.This led to the fact that Chu Feng was excluded from the urine and subjected to bullying and insult. If Chu Yuan did not maintain it, he would have been driven out of the Chu family. Therefore, Chu Feng was extremely grateful for Chu Yuan and vowed to become the pride of Chu Yuan. Winning light.Five years ago, Chu Feng was just ten years old and was the best age for Xiuwu.At that time, he was full of expectations for Xiuwu because he felt that the time had come to prove himself.But he could not think of it. In the month before his arrival in Qinglong Zong, a thunderbolt shook his body and entered his thorn fields.At first, Chu Feng thought that this was a fortune, because when he repaired Wu, he made rapid progress and reached a double strength in just two months.Such speed exceeds common sense, so that Chu Feng dared not tell anyone about this matter, but hidden strength and silent cultivation.But the good times are not long. Just when Chu Feng thinks that he has become a Xiuwu genius, his body has changed.It is this change that has caused his cultivation to stagnate and is considered to be an extremely talented generation.At this moment, the fairy spirit in the hands of Chu Feng is being absorbed by his Dantian.The speed of refining is very fast, which is faster than common sense. Normally, with the strength of Chufeng, this strain of Faerie must be refined for at least one month.But now it is only a moment, it has been refining for the most part, and Chufeng is like a bottomless hole-like Dantian, and finally it has a feeling of being filled."Yeah." Suddenly, Chu Feng's hands raised a light, and that half of the faerie grass instantly disappeared.At the same time, great changes have taken place in Chutian's Dantian.The nine thunder behemoths interweaved with each other, swiftly surging, and they actually condensed and eventually turned into a Dan-like object.After this Dan was shaped, a steady flow of spirits flowed out of them, such as the tides, which flushed the body of Chu Feng and quickly penetrated the body.Chu Feng suddenly opened his eyes, and there was even a trace of Lei Guang in his eyes, a kind of indescribable joy, hanging on his face."Successful, for a full five years, I Chufeng finally succeeded." Chu Feng ecstatically, he suddenly jumped from the bed, while walking around the ground, while looking at his own body.After repairing Wuyi, the known realm is:Lingwu, Yuanwu, Xuanwu, Tianwu four realms, each realm is divided into nine.Lingwu is a heavy person, mainly through special methods to exercise the body, thereby enhancing their strength.However, when it comes to emperor's dualism, it is imperative to use the method of deciding to reunite the spirit, and only succeed in consolidating the aura into the people of Dantian to be considered as a true journey into Xiuwu.Chu Feng's physical changes are unable to condense his aura because the thunder in his field is like nine hungry beasts. Chu Feng’s resilience will be swallowed up by that god.But he was not disheartened, because he discovered that although Shen Lei devoured Aura, there was a limit, so long as he continued to infuse Reiki with Dantian, he could fill it up one day.Today, he finally succeeded."This kind of feeling is strong, and there is a steady flow of reiki. It is moving in the body, as if it were to break out of the body."Chu Feng felt unbelievable. He could not think that Shen Lei would directly condense into Dan, and he would be enshrined in Dantian, and the spirit of the mine would exude aura. It was very strong and almost beyond imagination.He knew that even if he had practiced his sleepless five years, he would not be able to condense such a powerful aura. This is how it is because of the thunder."Yeah." At this moment, Chu Feng's body suddenly became stiff and his expression was greatly changed.Shen Lei is changing, his power has increased several times instantaneously, and he even broke through again and stepped into the Lingwu quadruple.Chu Feng clenched his fist and felt the explosive power in his body. He felt that eating hard all over the past five years was worth it.Breaking through the two lines in a row, this incredible way of becoming stronger has finally returned.Suddenly, he turned his sharp eyes toward the inner door and whispered: "Chu Zhen, your fairy spirits, I will decide."Qing Longzong recruits disciples once a year for ten days.Ten days later, once a year, the internal door assessment will begin, and this time, Chu Feng, who has been quiet for five years, finally participated.The location of the assessment is a large underground palace. There are thousands of people inside the main hall of the underground palace.Most of these people are spiritual and military triples, because everyone knows that the inner door assessment must be at least three times before they can be passed.However, there are some dubious disciples who want to come to fish in troubled waters. Such people are there every year, but most of them end in failure.It is worth mentioning that there are still a small number of people who are spiritual and quasi-four. They are not boring mediocrities. On the contrary, some people are geniuses.They deliberately chose to participate in the Inner Door Examination at the time of Lingwu’s four-fold mission. As for the reason, it is to reward.Lingwu triple, is already able to practice martial arts.Martial arts is a powerful means of attack. It not only can exert its strength to the fullest extent, but also can obtain the strength beyond the limits of the human body.For this reason, martial arts is very precious, even the family of giants is not, which is why the major families, but also the reasons for future generations sent to the door cultivation.Because there is a large amount of martial arts inside each ancestral gate, in this Qinglong ancestor, as long as it becomes an inner-door disciple, you can practice martial arts.However, martial arts also has a grade of points, from weak to strong are divided into nine segments.Among the inner doors, you can practice to the best, but only three sections of martial arts.However, in the once-in-a-year internal assessment, the first person who passes the assessment can get a four-piece military technique.Therefore, some people prefer to practice outside the door and refuse to enter the inner door. This is the four-piece military technique."Look at it, isn't it Yang Tianyu?""Wow, really, he is only thirteen years old and has reached the four levels of Lingwu. It seems that this assessment is the first, not his.In the sea of ​​people, a young teenager caught the attention of the people. To be precise, it was a boy.There are hundreds of thousands of outside disciples. Most of them are obscure characters. But some people are the focus of attention. Such people are mostly geniuses, and Yang Tianyu is one of them."That may not be the case. He is no better than Yang Tianyu, but he is always a child and it is difficult to win the first.""Qinglongzong Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, sometimes genius may not be able to rival the mediocrity, such as Duan Yuxuan." An outside door disciple, the fingers to a cold young boy.This person named Duan Yuxuan, who has entered the Qinglong Emperor for six years, this is unknown.Just a few months ago, he defeated an aristocratic four-door disciple and became a prominent figure outside the door."Quiet." Suddenly, a loud voice sounded.Looking forward, all of us couldn't help but see a dozen or so shadows on the high stage of the hall.Most of these people are elderly elders, but they are elders outside the gate, but the person who is headed is not only extremely young, but is still a glamorous woman.The woman wears a tight red dress and outlines the voluptuous curves. Especially under the skirt, the straight white jade legs are perfect.The woman is not only attractive, but also has a charming face. She looks like a standard fox face.And she is the famous beauty elders of Qinglong Zong, Su Rou.This Sulu, but the number one figure, arrived in Qinglongzong at the age of ten, entered the inner gate at the age of twelve, and had become the core disciple at the age of fifteen.But when everyone was optimistic about her and felt that she was expected to become the first disciple of Qinglong Zong, she suddenly became an elders.For this change, no one knows what is going on inside. It is still a mystery and is talked about."Wow, it was Elder Surou, she was not an elder insider? How could he come to the outside door?" Su Lu appeared, all male disciples have opened their mouths, and some even shed saliva.Outside the door disciples, ages are very small, most of them are juveniles, and some are children. For their age, Su Lu, a mature and sexy woman, is the most attractive.Su Lu also had no elder's shelf at all, but smiled at everyone with a gentle smile:“The assessment rules are very simple. Go in from the door behind me and then come out from the door and pass the assessment.”"The only difference is that the first one who passes the appraisal can get a four-piece martial arts, which is not practicable at the Inner Gate.""However, it is worth mentioning that this year's first place will also receive another special prize.""In a sense, this prize is even more precious than the first two." Here, Su Rou intentionally lengthened the tone, the temptation of the atmosphere, filled the entire hall.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!