Chapter XX The eyes of worship “Haha, kid, what's your name?” At that moment, the mysterious person was full of joy and asked Chu Feng."Chu Feng, this is a demon beast, repair is unfathomable, has a strong art of enchantment, is likely to be a purple gown division spirit, do not be careless." Can not wait for Chu Feng to answer The voice of the egg sounded in his head, reminding him cautiously."Is it really Wicked, Wicked can also be a spiritual division?" Chu Feng was very surprised."Wicked beasts and human beings, ordinary Wicked beasts do not have spiritual power, but there are some Wicked beasts with special blood, or have eaten something special, it will produce spiritual power, it can also become a spiritual division.""Now that is being detained in the enchantment, it must be a Wicked Beast, and it is a kind of special bloody Wicked beast, an extremely intelligent Wicked Witch, or it will not be able to practice the art of enchantment to this point.""You see, in that enchantment, there are a lot of crack spells. It's a very deep spell. At least the purple psychic spirits can come together. It is very likely to be held in order to win the treasure here, and to display it. Too powerful to leave here but fail to succeed.""So you must be careful. The best treasure here is not so good. If it doesn't work, leave it here." Egg continued to remind."Hey! Kid, why don't you talk? Wouldn't you be scared of being silly by this grandfather? Hey...." The fangs of the savage beast smiled at Chu Feng.Chu Feng ignored it, but after carefully looking around, he turned and left.Although there is a big man in front of him, although he knows there is a great treasure, Chu Feng also knows that it has nothing to do with him.Because even such a powerful person was locked up here, Chu Feng knew that he was not qualified to come here for anything."Hey! Don't leave, don't leave, talk with my uncle!"See Chu Feng is going to go, that Wicked bewildered, but Chu Feng still ignores it, but continue to walk away, because eggs have been reminding Chu Feng, do not care about it, it will find ways to let Chu Feng help It is out of here, but if it comes out, it may not be good for Chu Feng."Boy, would you like to become a blue gown division within two years? Grandpa can help you!" Suddenly, Chu Feng's voice came behind him.After “stepping on” and hearing this, Chu Feng stopped the pace because the temptation of Chufeng, a blue spirit guru, was too great, and he asked, “In two years, let me Become a blue robe division? Are you sure you can do it?""You kid don't know who this grandfather is. Forget it. It's useless to say too much to you. In short, the uncle masters a method that can sharpen people's spiritual power and communicate in a blue world. The power has become a generation of blue robes, and your kid is very lucky, because this grandpa is now ready to teach you this method." Wicked vowed to say."You and I are unprofessional. Why do you want to teach this method to me? Besides, what do I believe in you?" Chu Feng was cautious, because it knew what a great existence he had been imprisoned in that enchantment."This grandpa is not deceived. You don't have to be afraid. This grandpa will not harm you. This grandpa just doesn't want my means to be lost to the world.""Of course, if you can become a blue-spirited spiritual master, I hope you can help this grandfather and join the outside world and open up this enclosure that will block me. Let me regain freedom." Cautiously, it is no longer just turning around the bush, but rather tells his own situation and purpose."Well, you can tell me the method!" Chu Feng thought for a moment, or asked."Kid, this grandfather tells you the way, you will not give up this grandpa regardless of it?" Wicked eyes narrowed, revealing a touch of savvy.“Do you have other choices?” Chu Feng smiled faintly. Although he knew this one, he had defeated two super talents of a hundred years ago but he was afraid of each other.Chu Feng did not show a respectful attitude, because he occupies the absolute initiative, only to control this initiative, from the momentum over the other side, in order to benefit from the other side."Haha, good boy, a bit of courage, dare to speak to this uncle, but this uncle admires you.""This method is to use a special tool to temper your spiritual power. As far as the orientation of this tool is concerned, I can tell you, but I hope that after you succeed, you will come back to help me. After I go out, I will give you more benefits." ."Having said this, Wicked Arms swooped and the purple enchantment power emerged. The enchantment map formed by a spell was condensed in front of him, and Chu Feng was not neglected, but hurriedly Deputy maps are in mind."Predecessors, if you say it is true, the younger generation will come back to help you, then you don't have to give any benefit to the younger generation, so it's the younger generation's return to you!" After the map is clearly marked in the mind, Chu Feng Only put down his high profile and bend over to the Wicked Animal."Your kid can step in here and show that your kid has some energy. This grandpa is waiting for you here." Wicked beast seems to believe Chu Feng."Predecessors, in fact, the younger generation is very curious, what kind of treasure is hidden here?" After some thought, Chu Feng asked."Oh, baby is definitely a good baby, but I haven't seen it yet. Don't you think about your kid. Look at me. You know it's not so good.""If this grandfather was not smart enough to prepare enough food for me to use for two hundred years, I would have long been starved to death by living alive." Wicked smiled.Hearing this, Chu Feng was shocked. One was shocked by the terrible power of the Shura's ghost tower, and the other was to admire the energy of this evil beast. He actually prepared the food for two hundred years. It can be seen that it was in advance and it was expected that it would be today.Afterwards, Chu Feng did not ask any more, but turned and walked down the Shura Ghost Tower. However, after he stepped out of Shura's Ghost Tower, he was shocked by the scene before him.Chu Feng imagined a lot of things. After he came out of the Xiluo Pagoda, he thought of people turning a blind eye to him. He also thought that the over-class clan people were arrogant about him, and he also thought that the cross-border spirits would give him an olive branch.But it never occurred to me that when he stepped out of the Shura Pagoda, there would be people in the entire square standing here, and both the Society of the Spiritualists and the community clan gave him an eye for worship!The first book from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!