Chapter Twenty Ten Thousand Tombs (Gaga 16) "Fuck, this kid is how the monkeys are reincarnated and how fast they run.""This kid is not simple. With such strength at such an age, he can escape from the sword array that my three players have joined together. This shows that this sub-talent is very good.""Yes, I saw for the first time that someone could use the phantom palm to such an extent that it would be hard for him to imagine if he continued to grow.""In that case, we cannot leave him alive today, or we will have endless trouble."The more the three people understood the strength of Chu Feng, the more he began to cringe. It was quietly decided that Chu Feng should be killed in this mountain of Elixir."These three guys are so fast that they can't leave."At the same time, Chu Feng was also staggering about the strength of the trio. Although he was far stronger than the same level, he also felt powerless in the face of Xiu Wu who was one level higher than himself.However, fortunately, the spirit of Chu Feng Dan Dantian is very abundant, he believes that this run down, the three will certainly give up because of lack of energy to catch up.However, Chu Feng also considered another issue. The power of the Kendo League was no small matter. If he left the Elixir Hill, the three men would use the power of the Kendo League against him. It was also a problem.Therefore, Chu Feng was hesitating to either simply stop playing and to display three types of thunder in order to silence the three.But in the end he still dismissed this idea. After all, killing the same door is a big sin. If he is found to be clueless, I am afraid that even the Chu family will be implicated.At this time, Chu Feng's discovery of panic appeared white light.Because the sky is dark now, when this light appears, it is extremely bright and very strange.The light was getting stronger and stronger. It was as bright as the white point in the middle of the forest. However, what most surprised Chu Feng was that there were countless bones around him.Large pieces of white bones, densely packed in the forest, like the ocean, boundless.And these white bones are very special. They are not only white as white jade, but they are all exuberant in every bone. They are coercive.When countless such coercions overlapped, Chu Feng felt a sense of suffocation, his footsteps became extremely heavy, and he had no strength.Chu Feng was shocked that such a special white bone was definitely not owned by ordinary people. This shows that the owners of these bones must have been masters of repairing Wu before they were born.Only after Xiuwu arrives at a certain level can the bones not be rotted after death, not only white jade, but also contain certain pressure and deter future generations.However, Chu Feng could not figure out that, first of all, not to mention so many masters of Xiuwu coming from here, it is unreasonable to have so many skeletons here.After all, the Elixir Hill is a forbidden land. The elders will conduct inspections almost daily. How could such a large number of white bones be left here?After being shocked, Chu Feng panicked. The more he thought he felt more wrong, the more he thought he felt more chilly on the back. After all, he was only a fifteen-year-old boy. When he was caught in such a dark place, he felt himself naturally. panic.Suddenly, Chu Feng brightened up. He discovered with horror that a figure appeared in the distance and was walking over the bones.He could see it faintly. It was an old man. The old man had to be as clean as the snow, dressed in a blue robe, and engraved with a gossip on top of the robe, and on the right hand of the old man, still holding a strange character. The whisking.The old man smiled and came slowly in the direction of Chu Feng, not being moved by the white bones around him.However, what shocked Chu Feng most was that the old man's skin was like jade, and his body was exudes a touch of luster. This unique temperament was like a fairy's coming."Oh my God, why. ... This is the legendary bone tomb!"At this time, the trio of the Jiandaomen also ran over, but they have no intention to besiege Chufeng, but was stunned by the scene before him.Compared to the panic with Chu Feng, the faces of these three people clearly show two characters and fear.“What is the tomb? What is that place?” Chu Feng’s heart was tight. The name alone made him uneasy."Broodyboy, you have us miserable and brought us here. This boneless tomb is a Jedi." The pockmarked man, his voice shook as he spoke."Yes, this is a true Jedi, no, this is a legend, a legend in the Elixir Mountain.""It is said that there is a burial tomb, which is empty and there is no trace to be found. It will appear from time to time in the Elixir Hill.""But it is indeed a place to be exterminated here. According to legend, anyone who enters this place can't live and leave. Even those who can leave to live can become mad.""Unexpectedly, this tale of horror was actually true. We actually stepped into the tomb of Wan Bone."The other two were also terrified. There was a bit of incoherence between words. It was evident how fearful their hearts were."Predecessors, is it really a bone tomb here?" Chu Feng will look to the mysterious old man holding a whisk.Although the old man did not feel a trace of breath, but from the appearance point of view, Chu Feng also knows how extraordinary he is, presumably must be within the Dragon Emperor, a certain unfathomable big man was right.However, what puzzled him was that the old man was obviously looking at himself, but he did not open his mouth to answer. Instead, he made a strange smile at the corner of his mouth."Hey, who are you talking to?""Bummy, you don't pretend to be a ghost."However, what surprised Chu Feng was that after listening to the call of Chu Feng to the older generation, the three faces of the Kendo League team suddenly became pale with no trace of blood."I'm talking to this senior. Can't you see it?" Chu Feng pointed to a mysterious old man standing not far away."What kind of predecessor, your kid, really find death." Mazi man holding a mysterious iron sword, they want to Chu Feng shot.“Don’t care about him. This kid is not right. We'll leave here soon.” But he wasn't waiting for him. The other two grabbed his arm and began to run away from him on the way.At this moment, a screaming scream came around him. The voice was very strange and extremely oozing, as if thousands of dead were yelling and complaining.While this voice sounded, Chu Feng's discovery of panic, above the bones, floated out of countless dark green gas, and that strange call came from this gas.But what most disturbed Chu Feng was that the strange green gas was floating to Chu Feng and others...This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!