Chapter Twenty-One Change Seeing the momentum is not right, the three leaders of the Kendo League will flee when they step forward.However, it does not matter if they run. The bizarre gas that seems to be in the sky seems to have found a goal. They flew away at lightning speed.In the face of such strange objects, the three began to wave their mysterious steel swords in a frenzied manner. However, the strange gas was not affected at all, and they eventually got into their brains.At this moment, the faces of the three people have changed greatly, leaving the mysterious iron sword in their hands and holding their heads in their hands, and began to mourn painfully.Chu Feng can clearly see that the trio’s face changed from white to blue, from green to purple, first to the ground, and then to rolling across the ground, showing that it is bearing, and how great the pain.However, this painful cry only lasted for a while. Soon the trio lost their breath and their legs were dead, but their death was very strange.The face was swollen. Seven holes bleed. His eyes were protruding. Even the hair began to fall off.But now, for Chu Feng, the most terrifying are those strange gases.After the three people were tortured to death, the gas that had gotten into their heads actually got out of the head of the trio. At the same time, all the strange gases in all directions slowly drifted toward Chufeng.Under panic, Chu Feng turned his gaze to a mysterious old man not far away, for he discovered that those strange gases were floating around, but he was afraid to be close to the old man. This probably explained this strange thing and he was jealous of the old man.However, the help of Chu Feng's help not only failed to cause the old man's sympathy, but also angered the strange gas around him. At the moment, it was a lightning-like siege from Chufeng.Seeing that the general trend is not good, Chu Feng is stature and vertical, striding in the direction of the old man, and trying to escape from the old man to escape, but he still underestimated the speed of the strange gas.Just a few steps away, Chu Feng felt a sharp pain in his brain, as if something had entered his consciousness and was tearing his brain tissue.Immediately afterwards, such severe pain continued to increase. Chu Feng knew that a large amount of strange gas had entered his head, and these things seemed to be swallowing his body, bringing unbearable pain.In this case, Chu Feng couldn't hold on and soon fell to the ground. Like the three men in the previous Kendo League, he began to roll across the floor and mourn loudly.In the face of such a scene, the mysterious old man is unmoved, but the strange smile at his mouth gradually fades, replaced by a disappointing arc.At this moment, Chu Feng suddenly burst into fury and a white light body spread out from his head, sweeping like a whirlpool, and instantly blowing away the turbulent gas of a few meters.After the roar, Chu Feng fell to the ground with no power, and he was in a coma, but the swirl of white light was still slowly turning around him.Under the shadow of this whirlpool, the strange gas around him is no longer close to Chu Feng. Even the shrill screams before it have become much lower, like fear.For this change, the mysterious old man turned his face and a pleasant surprise emerged in his eyes. Then he saw a big wave in his sleeve, and a strange wave spread out. All the strange gases were drilled back into the bones. in.When the strange gas disappeared, the light vortex around Chufeng slowly retracted and finally merged into Chu Feng’s brain."Wait for nearly a thousand years, I finally met a talented person. I hope you don't let the old man down." The old man's stature, actually hovered, slowly drifted to the front of Chu Feng.Then only saw his fingers spread out. Pointing at Chu Feng's chest, the number of points, and the number of fire-like light bodies, flew out of his fingers, and they all shot into the chest of Chu Feng.But when the light body passes through the coat of Chufeng, into the body, the clothes even intact, but Chu Feng's chest began to emit a little bit of fluorescence.The old man stared at Chu Feng quietly, and then slowly closed his eyes until the fluorescence of Chu Feng's chest dissipated.Suddenly, with the old man as the center, a turbulent and green hurricane was engulfed. This hurricane penetrated a little brilliance and contained terrible coercion. It instantly swallowed the forest.The most strange thing is that this furious hurricane did not rise, but began to dive underground, and eventually sank into the land. The endless bones disappeared.After the turbulent hurricane, there was not a slight change in the flowers and trees in the forest, and the dark night again shrouded the land.The only change, however, was the loss of Chu Feng, who was in a coma, and the three members who had already died.The breeze blew through, brought coolness, and this coolness made Chu Feng regain his consciousness and slowly opened his eyes."Oh, what's going on, have you just had a dream?"Chu Feng sat up and rubbed his painful head as he glanced around. He found that all the horrors before had dissipated, making him feel that his previous experience was only a dream.When Chu Feng's gaze swept into the three positions of the Kendo League, he suddenly stood up and watched the terrible death of the three people. He felt that the previous scene must have happened in real life."It's terrible. There is such a strange place in this Elixir Hill."“Where did the bones of the bones come from? Where is the mysterious old man?”Chu Feng was shocked. Until now he remembered the previous scene. He still feels unbelievable because everything before him has exceeded his tolerance.At this moment, Chu Feng suddenly heard the sound of stamping, he knew someone was close.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was transformed into a forest and fled to the depths.He must leave because he can't make people know that he is related to the three positions of the kennel, or he will not be able to explain.We can't say that they entered the legendary Tomb of Bone, and then the three of them were killed and they were unscathed.This kind of thing is too bizarre. No one would believe that nobody would believe that even if someone believes that Chu Feng will become a different kind of Qinglong Emperor, he must make clear the relationship.Chu Feng struggling all the way, but soon found himself a bit wrong, he felt his awareness became extremely clear, extremely far from the signs of trouble, he was able to clearly see autumn, and this feeling, but before there is no.“Is it that the spiritual medicine mountain is too aura, plus the dead of night, so people’s minds become sensitive?”Chu Feng wanted to find out why his consciousness had become sensitive. Suddenly, he suddenly stopped the pace. His eyes suddenly became brighter. His face was even more surprising.Because he felt a strange wave of energy, and although it was still a long way away, he could already be sure that it was a wormwood.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!