Chapter Twenty-Two Maiden Battle Monster "This... is not an illusion?"Chu Feng was extremely surprised and able to sense the specific position of the elixir. What this kind of thing means, Chu Feng naturally knows.If this sense of force is true, it means that he will be like a fish in this Elixir Hill.Think of it here, Chu Feng does not hesitate, but to the direction of perception, want to find out.The closer it is, the more delightful Chu Feng is, because the fluctuation of the spiritual grass in his mind is getting stronger and stronger. This probably explains that the induction at this moment is not an illusion.When Chu Feng passed through a piece of grass, a red plant actually appeared in front of him.The sacred grass is a bit taller than the ling grass, and the red branches exude a red glow, like burning flames. It looks particularly beautiful under the darkness."Little things, I played a day, I can see if you can escape this time."Seeing Tianlingcao, Chu Feng did not stop, but rushed up for the first time, he will aura condensate with the soles of the feet, the speed instantly doubled, almost blink of an eye, it swept to the front of the Ling Ling grass."Oh," it was only that Chu Feng hadn't shot, and that day the spirit grass disappeared after a flash."Want to run, run away?"See Linglin grass want to hide intruded, Chu Feng's mouth is set off a sneer, step forward one step, facing the open space and grabbing a hand, just listen to a burst of screaming, a strain of Tianling grass has been held by Chu Feng. Hands.After being caught by Chu Feng, Tian Lingcao suddenly appeared in shape and began to frantically break free. The force was several times larger than Dilucao. However, it was still in vain in the hands of Chu Feng, and eventually it was only deprived of spirituality and turned into a half and a half. An inch long red herb lies on the palm of the maple."It seems that this is definitely not an illusion."Chu Feng plucked Tian Lingcao into the parcel. He was ecstatically ecstatic. Although he did not know where this peculiar induction power came from, it undoubtedly became Chu Feng, the most powerful snuggle.However, when I think about it, Chu Feng is not hard to think of the source of this force. After all, it was only after he stepped into the tomb of Wan Bone, especially those strange gases. The target of attack was the brain.If it is said that the gas attack has caused Chu Feng’s consciousness to become strong, it also completely speaks of the past."Oh, we've got it again."At this moment, suddenly there was a bright light again, and there was another Tianling grass that entered his sense range.Under this powerful sensory force, there is almost no Tianling grass that can escape the palm of Chu Feng. Any escape method is in vain.Chu Feng stayed awake all night. When it was dawning, he had already caught dozens of strains of Linglin. This kind of harvest would definitely be crazy.If they are discovered, even if they are robbed by Chu Feng, it is very possible. After all, it happened in the Elixir Hill. There are also a few cases where the disciples rob each other.However, the induction power of Chufeng can not only be limited to lingual grass, even when the human step into a certain range, it will be detected by Chu Feng, so almost no one can find the whereabouts of Chu Feng.Another day later, when the night came again, Chu Feng’s parcel was almost filled. This time, Chu Feng did not continue to capture. Instead, he found a secret place and began refining the grass.Chu Feng's refining rate is absolutely first-rate. It is only two hours. It is filled with a parcel of turfgrass and he is all refined.And his Dantian is also more and more fulfilled, which makes Chu Feng great joy, although the Ling Ling grass is less than Ling Ling grass, but if there is such a daily amount of refining, no breakthrough on the tenth.From this day onwards, Chufeng walked all day in Zhongwei of the Yaoyao Mountain and hunted Tianlingcao. He took his hand until late at night, and refined all the hunting spirits on the day. After hours, they continued their crazy hunting.In this cycle, on the ninth day when Chu Feng entered the Elixir Hill, there was a tumultuous change in the Dantian and nine Thunder Giants changed again. Chu Feng finally broke through to the Lingwu Five."This force, even if it is faced with the Lieutenant Six, should also be a battle."Feeling several times the power of promotion, Chu Feng secretly secretive, with Shen Lei possession of him, the strength is indeed stronger than others.In particular, the three types of Thunder that he has mastered, if cast out, I am afraid that even the strong and energetic Lieutenant Six is ​​not his opponent.This exaggerated level of fighting is already unreasonable. Although there are talented geniuses, it can be done. But after all, it is a genius. If this kind of thing really happened to people around you, I believe everyone will be shocked. .When the strength is improved, Chu Feng captures Tian Lingcao again. It is even simpler. In only half a day, he fills up one of his parcels. Because the dry food has already been eaten, another parcel has become Chu. Maple storage elixir tools. ,However, at the moment, Chu Feng did not want to be confined to Tian Lingcao. He began to walk inwards and wanted to meet the legendary, not weaker than the sixth-order savage beast."This breath ...."Just shortly after entering the inner circle, Chu Feng felt two shares and was extremely powerful.An air of scent is a potion, but it is filled with strong gas, apparently a spiritual fairy, and there are very many, there are nearly a hundred strains.Another breath is a human being. It is also extremely powerful. It should be an auspicious player.At this moment, the two atmospheres are intertwined. It is apparent that some people are fighting against the fairy spirits, but the person's breath is not stable and should be in trouble."What is it that people dare to fight so many faeries?"Out of curiosity, Chu Feng decided to take a closer look, and when he crossed the layers of trees, he was stunned by the distant scene.Up to three meters of huge plants, covered with purple thorns, there is a large mouth full of fangs blood, mouth and body are distributed with a breath of breath, where is the fairy spirits, is simply a monster.However, compared to these terrible fairy grasses, Chu Feng’s eyes are condense on a petite figure, because the figure not only shuttles through a large array of nearly 100 faeries, but also is a figure. A veritable beauty.The flowing long hair, the delicate face, the white skin, and the fearlessness also contained a touch of stubborn eyes, which deeply attracted Chu Feng.This girl is definitely the most beautiful person that Chu Feng has ever seen. However, Chu Feng is attracted by her. Not only does she have a beautiful appearance, but she is also of such an age.Suddenly, Chu Feng yelled, because he sensed that there was a fairy grass burying under the maiden's feet.The girl did not notice Chu Feng at all, but when she heard a sudden shout, she still surprised her and subconsciously took her feet and leaped.And when she had just left the ground, it turned out that a huge fairy grass and claws were drilled out of the ground.This kind of change makes the girl feel scared. If it is not a reminder of that sound, she must have suffered a big loss. With a grateful heart, the young girl will look to Chu Feng.But when she saw Chu Feng, the exquisite cheek was an instant froze. She was surprised and said: "Is it you?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!