There is no one in the twenty-third chapter (Zeng Jia 17) Chu Feng carefully looked at the beautiful girl, looked from top to bottom three times, only to discover that this girl not only looks beautiful, but also very tender, it looks obvious Even smaller than him.Moreover, this young girl's chest was also adorned with a medal. She was actually a wing ally. However, despite the fact that the girls had surprised Chu Feng, he did not know the girl."Ghosts only know you, hurry off, here is not what you can come." The girl stared at Chu Feng, then continue to invest in the fairy fighting, it seems that there is a great grudge against Chu Feng.Although Chu Feng did not know why the girl was so resentful of her, Chu Feng had already discovered that the girl was actually surrounded by fairy spirits. She wanted to escape but she had no chance.In this way, the young girl will certainly be buried here because of her lack of strength.However, Chu Feng is a man. How could such a beautiful girl be allowed to be swallowed by these monsters? How can he sit back and ignore this kind of thing?Think of blood, Chu Feng resolutely jumped into it, but just came in, he had some regrets, a large monster feel his breath, is a claw to attack him.Hanging between the lines, Chu Feng no longer has reservations, Dantian Aura operation, running down the veins, tiptoes suddenly point, only to hear a bang, Chu Feng, such as lightning generally sky.At the time of his fall, Chu Feng suddenly spun up. Between the whirlwind and the dance, the whole person was like a humanoid blade, and he was inserted into the flowers underneath.When people fall and fall, when Chu Feng falls to the ground, the earth is stepped out by a fissured giant pit. A fairy spirit grass has been killed on the spot by Chu Feng and turned into a size of a forefinger.Breathing the first two trends in the Thunder's three styles at a stretch, it only killed a single fairy, which made Chu Feng somewhat surprised. After all, this was his killer, and he was the strongest martial artist at the moment.In order to draw a stroke out of this, the horrendous and weeping ghosts and ghosts will die at their feet, but the results of the moment and the imagined ones are inevitably somewhat different.However, Chu Feng had no time to think about it. At the same time as he landed on the floor, he suddenly picked up, because he could feel that there were at least three faeries. He attacked him from behind him."Is this guy trying to find death?"Feel that the offensive changes of the fairy spirits, and the roar heard not far away, the girl knew that Chu Feng must have jumped in.However, when she turned her eyes to the direction of Chu Feng, she could not help but be shocked because she could not think of anyway. Chu Feng was able to come and go freely in this army of Faeries that she was jealous of.Do not even see the offensive of the fairy spirits, but also can accurately escape the attack, but Chu Feng's martial arts, although she does not know, but it can also be seen from the power of the raging, it is at least four military skills."This guy has already entered the Wuwu Five and has mastered four military techniques?" The girl was deeply attracted by Chu Feng's performance."Be careful about the left side." Just as the young girl blasphemed God's effort, Chu Feng suddenly burst into tears.Upon seeing this, the maiden was shocked. She quickly morphed and took a single hand to the left and grabbed the vine with its thorny roots in her hands.After grasping the vines, the girls held the palm of one hand and crushed the vine. Then the other hand swept away like a blade, and the cold flashed over, and the awful grass was split into two. Where is the palm of your hand, it is simply the iron-clad blade.However, after accurately killing the fairy spirits, the young girl was even more amazed because Chu Feng was clearly back to him. How could he possibly see her on the left with a Faerie grass attack?At this moment, Chu Feng flew like a lightning to the girl. At the moment, he sweated and his clothes made a round of blood.These fairy spirits are too powerful, and the number is too much. Even though Chu Feng possesses a powerful sensing ability and masters overbearing Thunder three types, he only has five awesomeness and he is still somewhat lost."Hey, if you want to live out, listen to my command." Chu Feng said to the girl."Want me to hear you? Dreaming!" The teenage girl was extremely displeased."I said you're still unreasonable. I came in to save you. So you talk to the benefactor?""And, haven't you found out that these faeries are so weird? They are not blind attacks at all, but they are tightly coordinated. You are hard-pressed against them and can only be consumed by them.""Nonsense, this tells you, this girl has already seen it."Despite his stubbornness, the girl's heart suddenly realized that if it was not reminded by Chu Feng, she really did not notice this.With her strength, it is not difficult to kill the fragrant herbs, but in the face of this group of fragrant grasses, she appears to be very weak. There is very little chance of confrontation. One is that she does not dodge the attacks of fairy spirits."If you don't listen to it, then, anyway, I can leave to live." Chu Feng Lengheng soon, they will leave.“Hey, don’t...” And seeing Chu Feng’s departure, the girl can be frightened. Chu Feng’s abilities she has already seen, so she has no doubt that Chu Feng can successfully escape, but she can’t, so she quickly : "I can't listen to you yet?""Ye" looks at the cute look of the girl. Chu Feng laughs and then says: "This is right."See Chu Feng so proud, the young girl is squeaky, although her strength is far above Chu Feng, but she knows that, in order to get rid of difficulties, it really depends on Chu Feng.The two men cooperated vigorously. Under the command of Chu Feng, the strength of the young girl was truly played. Nearly a hundred faeries were just half an hour and both were completely destroyed.After the end of the war, Chu Feng began to clean up the battlefield. This fairyland of the land would naturally have him. Although the main force was a girl, he was the mastermind."This guy, are you practicing Xuangong?" Looking at the full of joy, Chu Feng picking up the fairy spirits, sitting on the side of a panting girl, guilty of guilt.Previously, in order to protect himself, Chu Feng had been performing four paragraphs of martial arts. Although the four paragraphs of martial arts were strong, they were also extremely exhausting. When an ordinary person played a maximum of several times, he would exhaust his spiritual power.Chu Maple could be used for such a long time. At the moment, he did not have the slightest feeling of exhaustion. Together with his ability to rely on the strength of the Wuwu Five, he could kill the equivalent of the sixth-order savage beast. This explains the problem. That is, Chu Feng is very likely to cultivate Xuan Gong.Xuangong is a mystical power law that can condense more auras and can be used to renovate the elixir more quickly. This makes the aura in the Dantian more substantial, and the fighting power is far stronger than the number of times.However, there are only a few of these dragons, and only the core disciples are trained. The inner disciples are inaccessible.This kind of precious Xuan Gong, since the Chu Feng can be repaired, it naturally let the young girl once again admired Chu Feng, but he did not know that the reason why Chu Feng's aura was so tyrannical, it was not what he learned. But because of the thunder within Dantian."It seems that you are not only mentally powerful, but also very full of aura." The girl stood up and walked to Chufeng with her hands on her back."What spiritual power?" Chu Feng said."Also loaded with garlic, if you do not have spiritual power, how could you gain insight into the offensive of fairy spirits?" The girl had a look of Chu Feng."You mean, my induction?" Chu Feng was shocked. He already knew what the girl was referring to."Inducing force? My god, you actually call the spiritual force as a sensing force. It's a real bun." The young girl looked at Chu Feng's eyes and became more despised."I don't know it's normal, don't you know what is a male or a female when you are born?" Chu Feng coldly hummed, and he continued to pick up the scattered spirits."Oh, my temper is not small." The young girl smiled sweetly and chased him again. She smiled and said, "Don't you know that this person has spiritual power, but there is nothing in it?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!