Chapter 24 Do you dare to marry me? (Plus 18) "You seem to know this spiritual power very well?"Chu Feng has a tight heart. This so-called spiritual power is also just mastered by him. He does not understand it.However, he knows that there is no one who has a spiritual power among the girls. It may well be true, because it is clear that even this talented young woman does not possess this spiritual power.Coupled with the young girl, his attitude toward this 180-degree turn, it can be seen, this spiritual power is really a great thing, most people absolutely do not have."That is of course, spiritual power is the gift of heaven, but it is brought by nature and cannot be cultivated.""Everybody with spiritual power can be said to be the dragon in the human race. Not only is it extremely talented in repairing Wuxi, but the insight is even more unique in the world. It's no wonder that my older sister will see you and let my wingwing invite you to join. ”"Forgot to introduce myself. This girl is called Su Mei. She is 14 years old. My sister, you must know. She is Su Lu.""You are Su Lu's eldest sister?" Chu Feng was surprised that the girls were pure and sweet, but Su Rou was sexy and charming. Although both were stunners, they were obviously not embarrassing.However, if you look closely, Chu Feng is also discovering that the girl in front of him is really similar to Su Lu. However, the girl is still immature. If she takes another few years, it must be a misfortune.However, Chu Feng was even more surprised that he had no contact with Su Lu. Then how could Su Rou let the Wing Meng win over him for no reason? Is it when the assessment of the day was completed that his own strength had already been revealed?Thinking about it, there is indeed such a possibility. After all, Su Lu’s strength is unfathomable, and the authorities in the local palace are numerous. Although he has won many disciples, it is really difficult to get through the elders."What a surprise? Actually nothing surprising. My sister just saw you as an individual, so I wanted to train you."“And after my observation, you really do have the qualification to join my wing. As a member of Wing Meng, I now formally invite you to join my wing.” Speaking here, Sumei raised his eyes to Chu Feng’s bloom. A very sweet, pure and innocent smile.At first, Su Mei was extremely disgusted with Chu Feng. Naturally, Chu Feng rejected the Wing Meng’s invitation because Chu Feng was the first person ever to reject the Wing Meng’s invitation.However, when she learned that Chu Feng had the spiritual power of being one of the world's leaders, she was also aware of Su Lu's place where she saw Chu Feng. Naturally, it was spiritual power.Because, as far as she knows, none of the entire outside doors has spiritual power. This spiritual power is just like a legend.In short, all those with spiritual power, the future achievements are not limited, destined to become a party strong, so for Chu Feng such talent, she can not let go, will certainly not spare to solicit.Looking at Sumei's sweet smile, Chu Feng knew that the girl was trying to draw him in beautiful colors. To say that in the face of such a thing, Chu Feng was unwilling to move, so he first smiled and he said the consequences were severe. :"I reject.""You're an ugly egg." After listening to Chu Feng, Su Mei jumped up. The previous gentle moments were not there, pointing to Chu Feng and blaming:"Chu Feng, what do you think you are, how many people want to enter my wing, I don't receive any Wings. Now this girl invites you personally. You actually refuse. Have you got your head clamped?""Even if you have the spiritual power, what you are, after all, you are only a five-armed force. This strength is on my wing. It is simply not inflow."Regarding the Soviet Union's evil spirits, Chu Feng was completely ignorant of insatiable and dry, and continued to learn the fairy spirits on the ground. He could suddenly stare at Chu Feng.His horrified discovery that not far away there was a purple bead, which was the size of a pearl but contained a strong reiki."What is this?" Chu Feng picked up the bead and carefully examined it."Wow, no, it was Spirit." Seeing the purple bead, Sumei hurried over and there was golden light in her eyes."You know this thing?" Chu Feng asked curiously."Of course, you know, this is the best medicine, Lingzhu.""Several hundred faeries, only one can be made into Lingzhu, Lingzhu does not need refining, directly swallowed in the abdomen, it can be converted into Aura absorbed by Dantian, so Lingzhu and its precious, a Lingzhu of The price is equivalent to one hundred two gold.""I was so envious in the Elixir Hill for so many days that I was thinking of this spirit. I was fortunate to get it when I was ready to leave." Sumei said excitedly."Originally this thing is the best panacea, it can be absorbed without refining, and it really is a good thing." Chu Feng smiled, did not put the spirit into the parcel, but broke into his waist."Is this guy trying to swallow it alone?" Su Mei angered and cried."Of course it's not alone. Wait for the Faerie, and divide your plants more.""You're an ugly egg. These fairy herbs are mine. I'll be half as good as you are. What's more, Xianlingcao is just an elixir. How can it be compared with the Elixir Lingzhu?""If you don't say that, if you weren't me, you would have been divided by the Faerie Spirit, and you could stand here and divide the Faeries with me."Sumei was bitten by gas, but it was helpless. Although Chu Feng's move was very rogue, after all, she still wanted to draw Chu Feng to join Wing Meng. So now she can only tolerate it.Afterwards, Chu Feng counted a few. Apart from the bead on his waist, a total of 78 faeries were harvested. This is definitely an unimaginable number, and the spirits contained in these Faeries are very rich. It is a fine product, much stronger than Chu Feng's previous refining.Chu Feng only left 30 of them and gave them a total of forty-eight to the Soviet Union and the United States because he could feel that the aura contained in the bead of his arms had to be at least equivalent to fifty fairy spirits. He is definitely making big money.However, what surprised Chu Feng was that Su Mei actually had only 40 strains. In that case, Chu Feng had received 38 strains. In fact, the meaning of the Soviet Union and the United States was very clear. It was in the dark that Chu Feng was 38.For her behavior, Chu Feng can only be called childish. He takes eight faeries to scold people. This can definitely be a destructive behavior. To know the value of a fairy spirit, it can be equivalent to one or two gold.One or two golds are equivalent to one hundred two lines of silver, enough for an average person to live without worry for a lifetime."Steamed head, what are you doing with me? Wouldn't you have fancy me?"After the distribution of the fairy spirits, Chu Feng decided to leave the Elixir Hill, because the time limit has arrived on the 10th, must leave the inner circle before dark, but let Chu Feng unexpectedly, the Soviet Union and the United States this girl, has always followed himself.To tell the truth, there was such a thing that we could walk with ourselves. This was a very pleasant thing. It was just a walk along the way and we met a lot of people.When those people cast various hatred eyes on Chu Feng, Chu Feng felt uncomfortable. He felt that the Soviet Union and the United States were deliberately giving themselves hatred."Fuck you, dare to marry me?" But when Su Mei smiled and said this sentence, Chu Feng instantly messy.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!