The twenty-fifth chapter Fury Su Mei (Gan more 19) Chu Feng completely unexpected, this Nizi looked so pure, even so unconcerned, how to say is also a small beauty, how can you casually say such words?"Why don't you dare."However, Chu Feng was not a vegetarian. He simply stopped the pace, rested his hand on the chin, and his eyes looked from top to bottom. He carefully looked up at the things in front of him.It was discovered that do not look at the age of the Soviet Union and the United States is not big, but the development is still quite good, lordosis after Alice, radian full, it is almost people * flesh body ah."You .... You dare to marry, I do not marry it, stinky."Looked so cynically by Chu Feng, Su Mei's face suddenly hung up, and she finally discovered that she wanted to play rogue with Chu Feng. She was still too tender, but when Chu Feng said the next sentence, she was completely crazy."Well, it would be great if you don't marry. You really aren't my food." Chu Feng smiled indifferently, relieved, and he continued to hurry."You .... you fucking eggs." Sumitomo's furious voice came from behind.In retaliation for Chu Feng, Su Mei said that he refused to separate from Chu Feng and always adhered to Chu Feng. Along the way, Chu Feng pulled the hatred value.For this behavior of the Soviet Union and the United States, Chu Feng is really helpless. He is far from being an opponent of the Soviet Union and the United States. Even if he is stronger than the Soviet Union, he cannot use force to drive away this little beautiful girl.In desperation, Chu Feng simply enjoyed it. From time to time, he admired the beauty of the Soviet Union and the United States. From time to time, he teased him and made Soviet and American often furious. He grabbed Chu Feng's arm and slammed and slammed at his back. All the way to Chufeng is also scarred.There seem to be few people who know about the Soviet Union and the United States, but such beauty is absolutely the first person in the inner door. He saw Chu Feng bullying the beauty of the Soviet Union and the United States. There were countless young men who had gone up and wanted to come up with an injustice. The hero saved the United States. .But in return, it was a scolding of Su Mei, and even two people were directly interrupted by Soviet and American ribs. After seeing the medal of Soviet Union's chest and wings, almost everyone can only Unlucky.The two went all the way and all those who met would pay attention to watching. The two of them became a strange landscape. When they went to the periphery, a large number of people gathered here and became the focus of attention."Look at it, it looks like Chu Feng."“He seems to follow a person behind him.... Isn't that Sumei?” Two figures emerged from the crowd. It turned out to be a brother and brother of dragons. The two men were afraid of the Soviet Union and the United States, so they had to run away at the moment. ."Bailong White Tiger, help me to stop the bastard." After the Soviet Union's cry came after them, they knew they could not run away.“In that case, it can only be done. Give Chu Feng a bit of a headache. Otherwise, Sumei will not let go of ours.”The two looked at each other and remembered that the Soviet Union and the United States had confessed to them a few days ago. They couldn't help but bite their teeth. Once they were in shape, they wanted to intercept Chu Feng.Chu Feng had already paid attention to these two people. Seeing that they came face to face and looking miserable, he knew that they must have shot themselves.Sure enough, Dragon Brothers and Hudi came to Chu Feng in front of him, punched and kicked at the same time, and ran against the abdomen and legs of Chu Feng.These two are all six spiritual forces, even if they do not display martial arts, strength and speed can be called first-class, if the exchange a few days ago, Chu Feng absolutely can not take over the attack of the two, but for now, it is not difficult ."Chu" Chu Feng did not withdraw, but stature forward a vertical, single foot point, the body suddenly spinning, such as the whirlwind in general from the middle of the two passed."This breath, Wuwu?"Dragon brothers and brothers have felt the breath of Chu Feng, but precisely because of this, the two people will be shocked, but the spirit of the five aura, how can escape the attack of the two of them, it is simply unreasonable.At this moment, the two brothers feel no light on their faces. Even if Chu Feng is a genius, but he is also not a mediocre person, how can he make a Lingwu Five-Hearts boy, in the eyes of the public, play Lingwu six heavy toys with them. ?Thought of this, the two immediately fell in love, a change in style, a few palms shot at the same time, countless roads with naked eyes, began to fly away from the Chu Feng, the air palm dense, almost impossible to dodge.Seeing that the two actually displayed three pieces of martial arts skills, Chu Feng brow wrinkled up, in the face of this attack he is unable to dodge, must be scattered with martial arts, but there are many people here, if Chu Feng really shot, His strength will also be exposed.After thinking about it, Chu Feng bited his teeth, instilling aura into the skin, and his stature turned to the thinnest direction of the air. He had to abruptly take this attack.Several muffled rings, Chu Feng even in the three palms, although back numbness, but did not suffer from internal injuries, it can be seen Dragon brothers and brothers still stay.However, in order to show the truth, Chu Feng still rushed forward. At the same time he fell to the ground, he also deliberately bitten his lips and spit a bloody water.See Chu Feng lying in the ground also vomited blood, but the Dragon brothers and brothers can be shocked, although they are trying to save face, but they did stay, after all, they dare not offend people behind Chu Feng.Despite fear in his heart, he could see that Sumei had chased after him and the two were not good enough to support Chu Feng. He had to pretend to be a vicious look, pointing to Chu Feng: “Chu Feng, this is the price you have for offending Sumei Shimei. ."“Could it be Su Lu’s biological sister, Su Mei?”After listening to the Soviet Union and the United States, people onlookers were shocked. The Soviet Union and the United States are not strangers to the name. It is simply a genius that no one knows.Legend has it that Sumei is a masterpiece of beauty and only entered Qinglongzong this year, so few people know her.Because the Soviet Union and the United States are extremely talented. At the age of fourteen, they were already seven soldiers. They were excluded as an inner-door disciple, and they joined the Wing League on the day they entered the inner door.Compared with the appearance of the Soviet Union and the United States, and the logo of her wings on the wings of the wing, people are more sure of her identity, this time around the crowd has exploded, because the Soviet Union's name is really too loud."Oh, who the boy is, actually offended Sumei. I think he is dead."“I just heard Dragon Brother and Hudi say that it seems to be called Chu Feng. Look at it like it should be a blue sky. I really don’t know how high it is.”At this moment, almost everyone thinks that Chu Feng is dead. Because of the existence of Su Rou, Sumei’s position at the Inner Door is not low.Coupled with her beautiful face, she has long been a mate candidate for talents in the inner world. Whoever dares to offend her is simply looking for death.However, when Su Mei came to Chufeng, looking at Chu Feng who was slowly climbing up from the ground, and the bloody water in front of him, it was a big change.She turned in vain, and it was the two mouths that followed the dragon brother and brother who were behind him. Then they shouted loudly, “Who let you hit him and find death?”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!