Chapter Twenty-Sixth Chufeng is the "I rely on, what circumstances?"The two slaps of the Soviet Union and the United States were extremely loud, and it was not just for the Dragon Brothers and Tigers to be beaten. Even the people onlookers were shocked by her.Sumei is not trying to catch Chu Feng? Is Dragon brother and brother not helping Sue to breathe? What is the situation now? How did Sumei beat Dragon Brother? And also a look of distressed Chu Feng, all the people in the room are completely messy."Look at what you see, look good? Look again and dig up your eyes."At this time, Su Mei suddenly turned around, the beautiful face is not lovely, a pair of beauty and shooting two cold, scared the people onlookers back again and again."Hey, you're okay." After threatening the crowd, Su Mei headed for Chu Feng."It's okay, but it's just a piece of cake." Chu Feng stood up and wiped the blood traces of his lips with his fingers. A small bite mark also appeared."You .... You bastard." At this moment, Sumei suddenly realized that this boy was hit by vomiting blood. He was acting in amusement and was acting so realistic that even she was cheated. Arrived.At this moment, Su Mei really wanted to pounce on and catch Chu Feng's face, but considering that he still wanted to win him, he still resisted. He glanced back at Dragon Brother Tiger and said, "Come with me. "Then quickly walked out of the crowd.At the moment, Dragon Brothers and Brothers have been furious and how they say that they are also celebrities inside the door. They were so slapped by the Soviet Union and the United States that they were all faceless.However, due to the identity of the Soviet Union and the United States, but did not dare to the Soviet Union and the United States, and on the strength of them, they are far from the Soviet Union and the United States's opponents, and finally can only coldly slammed, and followed in the past.Came to an empty space, Su Mei sighed, and then apologetically said: "I just sorry, but Chu Feng guy, there is his special place, I just just know, so we can not offend him. ”In fact, Su Mei is trying to tell their brothers that Chu Feng has spiritual power and is very likely to cultivate qigong. However, considering that it is the privacy of Chu Feng, she does not have any truth.After listening to Su Mei's remarks, Dragon Brothers and brothers were immersed in meditation at the same time, and they were able to make such a handsome Soviet and American look good. Then what is Chu Feng's extraordinary place?After the three Soviets left, Chu Feng became the focus of attention. Everyone was guessing about the status of Chu Feng.For this discussion, Chu Feng was very annoyed, so he cleaned up and left the crowd. He did not want to cause unnecessary trouble."Chu Wei Brother, just ..."At this time, ten people came out of the crowd. They were Chu Wei and Chu Zhen. Their two parcels were full, and they were very rewarding, but they were all inferior products.In the scene just happened, they all saw it, so it was shocking at the moment.It seems that Chu Feng was invited by the Wing Meng. It is not a coincidence, but there is indeed an indefinable relationship."You have also heard that this time the inner door was assessed and there was a monk who had to fight for 40 savage beasts. After thinking about it, Chu Wei spoke up."Of course I heard that the guy was really bad. Now it is a hot-spot person inside. It's just that he's hiding is really good. No one knows who he is." People mentioned here are full of praise."Then you think, if Wing Meng selected new members, among the new disciples, who will become their invitation target?" Chu Wei asked."Of course it's that person." The people spoke in unison."Chu Wei Brother, do you mean?" Suddenly, some people have come back. After all, the only new disciples invited by Wing Meng are only Chu Feng.However, they were asked to associate Chu Feng in their impressions with idol-like deaf people. They were obviously unacceptable.Therefore, some people quickly denied that: "Impossible. How could Chufeng be the deaf man?""Don't you really understand Chufeng? Since you got into Qinglong, you only know that Chu Feng cannot enter the inner door. Does anyone know his real strength?"When Chu Wei spoke, people were speechless. Because Chu Wei said the truth, they looked down upon Chu Feng from childhood, and felt that they were not the kind of Chu family, but hung the title of Master Chu. It was shameless.However, in addition to humiliating Chu Feng and devaluing Chu Feng, no one really understood Chu Feng.“I’m in favor of Chu Wei’s brother.” At this moment, Chu Long, who had been silent for a long time, spoke. “We have all underestimated Chu Feng. For this reason, my brother Chu Cheng has already paid a price. I hope you don’t want anyone to invite anyone. Chu Feng, otherwise it will definitely make you regret it."After this sentence, Chu Zhen was the first to leave, and Chu Wei and others were also immersed in contemplation. In fact, they all knew that Chu Cheng did not participate in the reason for the elixir hunting.After some hurry, Chu Feng finally walked out of the Elixir Hill and came to the square at the entrance. At the moment, there are already a large number of inner-door disciples.Many people's gains are very good. People are talking about interesting things happening in the Elixir Hills. The scene is very lively."Chu Fengdi." A familiar voice came, and Chu Yue and a group of people were looking at themselves not far away.There are eleven people in the Chuyue group. Apart from Chu Yue and the two Chu family members, the rest are members who later joined the Chu.These Chumeng members are very polite to Chufeng, so Chu Feng's impression of them is not bad. Since they meet, they will naturally say hello."Hey, Chu Feng is well-received and actually got two full packages.""Yeah, one person actually got more than ours, but it was amazing. I just don't know if it was a potion, or weeding for the face, and the haha...."But Chu Feng was just approaching. The only two Chu family members looked at the entanglement of Chu Feng's parcels. They could not believe that Chu Feng was alone and able to hunt it, which was equivalent to the harvest of 11 of them.Upon seeing this, Chu Yuet wanted to reprimand. But before she could speak to her, Chu Feng said, “Chu Yuejie, you’re about to break through the Wuwu Five, and it’s your brother who honors you.”When Chu Feng spoke, one hand reached into the parcel, and when his hand was pulled out, a large amount of the elixir was caught and all was stuffed into Chuyue's arms."Chu Yuejie, I have left beforehand."Chu Yue was shocked by Chu Feng’s sudden move. When she responded, Chu Feng had already gone very far. She could only see the people around her, all staring at her arms in shock, and in her eyes. Filled with envy color.Looking down at him, Chu was stunned, because in her arms, there were thirteen red-light-filled elixirs. This wasn't the product of the spiritual medicine, but the spirit of the spirit.As long as you think, among Chu Feng's parcels, it's very likely that all of them are this kind of spiritual grass, and everyone cannot calm down.Of course, if they were known by them, Chu Feng's other parcels could all be fairy grass words. It is estimated that many people even have a dead heart.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!