The twenty-seventh chapter is different from the spell "Chu Yue, it seems that you are doing well." Chu Wei's voice sounded, and their group of people also came slowly."This ... you actually went to hunt for Tian Ling grass, actually caught so much." And when Chu Wei and others, after seeing the grass in the grass of Chuyue Huai, was equally shocked.The value of a lingual grass is equivalent to twenty lings of grass, and the thirteen Tianling grasses in Chuyuehuai are even more precious than those of Chu Weiwei and others."No, this is not what we have caught, but Chu Fengdi sent me." Chu Yue said, these thirteen Tian Ling grass, into his pocket.When she made this move, almost everyone was envious and swallowed, especially the two who had previously insulted Chu Feng, and even the heart of finding a block of tofu killed him.Because they had just provoked Chu Feng, it was tantamount to holding two copper coins, to show off a wealthy rich man, extremely ridiculous."Chu Yue, you mean, this is Chu Feng to you. Is it possible....."The faces of Chu Wei and others were pale, and they suddenly remembered the full package of Chu Feng when he saw Chu Feng."Chu Wei big brother, Chu Yue sister, not good, Chu Feng Ge he ..."At this moment, a group of Chu Xue hurried over and her face was very ugly."Chu Xue, how is it? Is Chu Feng bullying you."After seeing Chu Xue’s appearance of losing his soul and his injuries on the legs of Chu Gao, Chu League’s people all came up and thought that Chu Feng bullied Chu Xue and others.When Chu Xue said that it would be the same day, everyone was silent.According to Chu Xue, Chu Feng was sieged by three elite Wuwu masters to save her.However, just now, they clearly saw Chu Feng, not only unscathed, but also spring flooded, where like a wounded person.And what does this show? This shows that Chu Feng can face the three Lingwu five masters undefeated, at least able to retreat.What kind of strength does Chufeng have? People simply dare not think about it, because the more they think about it, the more frightened they are."Chu Yuejie, do you mean that Chu Feng Ge is all right?" Chu Xue asked with excitement. It was also unbelievable."Well, Chu Fengdi is really fine. We just saw him again." Chu Yue nodded.“Great, Chu Feng Ge’s all right, this is really good....hee hee....” Le Ji was very sad, Chu Xue threw himself into Chuyue’s arms and cried:“Chu Yuejie, I was wrong. We are all wrong. Only you are right. Chu Feng Ge is not our enemy. He is the most courageous person in my Chu family.... If not Chu Feng Ge, I This time, hey...."For such a scene, Chuyue feels gratified. It can be seen that Chu Xue’s girl is really changing views on Chu Feng."It seems that we really have mistaken Chu Feng." Chu Wei sighed, and his face was a bit embarrassed. After learning about Chu Xue's experience, in fact everyone had a new view of Chu Feng.However, when all the disciples were evacuating from the mountain of Elixir, a group of equestrians formed by the elders came to Zhongwei of Pillingshan.At the moment, when Suo Rou and Wu Jige, the principals of the internal affairs club, were old parents, they all gathered here and looked at the corpses of the three disciples who were not far away.However, in their capacity, they can only be watched at the moment and they have no right to speak.Because next to the body, a man dressed in a white robe is observing carefully. This is a big man of Qinglong Zong, and even the core elders must withdraw three points.The white robe on this person is very special, engraved with strange spells, special lines, and this white robe is very large, not only covers the person's clothes, but also covers his face and wraps the entire person. Solid."After many years, it finally appeared again." Finally, among the white robes, there came an old voice."Elder Zhuge, you said ... but million bones?" Su Rou asked."Apart from Wan Bone, what else can it be?""You elders at the inner gates are so dereliction of duty. After each dynasty tomb was born, it was only after you were informed. Do you know how much you have missed?""This is just a group of rice bowls. It's all waste. What do you want to use?" However Su Lu's questioning, but in exchange for a roar of the old man in white robes, everyone can feel the anger of this great man.After a reprimand from "Shu", the old man in the white robe waved his sleeve and disappeared. No trace of breath was left behind.And when he left, everyone was relieved and sighed with relief. In front of them, they couldn’t even dare to breathe in the atmosphere. But as Su Lu asked, it was not everyone who dared to do it. of."This old man is too much too much. This mortal tomb was empty and he couldn't even notice how he laid down the line. How could we know when it would appear!""The little girl whispered. It's not easy for us to come to this place. Not to mention us. Even the Sovereigns and adults must treat him with respect. We really can't make him." Elder Ouyang stepped forward and discouraged him. Soft offended the white robe."Well, I see him joining my Qinglong ancestor as a false one. It is true that the treasures of the Tomb of the Great Bone are glimpsed." Su softly disapproved."Although the bones and tombs may well be a treasure, it is only an rumors after all. Nowadays, anyone who enters will die, but it is an undeniable fact.""The bones of the bones of the million bones have been regarded as Jedi, and those who have been troubled for a long time will have an awkward heart. If Elder Zhuge can really solve this tomb, even if that treasure gives him.""I'm afraid he didn't have that ability." Su softly grinned.“If you don't like this girl, just say a few words.” In the face of stubborn Su Lu, Elder Ouyang seemed rather helpless: “Yes, does Wing Meng invite the kid?”"Oh, that guy is really a headache. I heard Sumei said he refused the Wing Meng's invitation." Lifting Chu Feng, Su Rou sighed.“Yeah?” said Elder Ouyang at first glance, and immediately relieved, laughing: “This guy is really a bit mean.”When Chu Feng returned to his residence, the first thing to do was to take a bath in comfort, but just took off his clothes and did not enter the bath. Chu Feng's face was greatly changed."This... this is...."Looking at his chest, Chu Feng blinked and his face became extremely ugly.Because there was a strange pattern on his chest, it was strange because it was composed of countless spells.Each spell seems to have life, even in the skin of Chu Feng, slowly swimming, extremely seepage.Chu Feng took a hard look at the chest and tried to erase the strange pattern. However, this pattern was just like growing on his skin and could not be removed.Looking at the strange spells that linger around and walk around in their skin, Chu Feng is incomparable, but helpless."It seems that I have not yet escaped the curse of the bones and tombs."Suddenly, Chu Feng smiled. He knew that this must be a bone tomb and a souvenir for him. Regardless of whether this thing was a blessing or a curse, he was powerless at the moment, and he had no choice but to resign.Since he has no power to change, Chu Feng is too lazy to think about it. When he does nothing, he jumps into the bath and enjoys his life.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!