Chapter 28 Changing attitude (Jiagen 20) The passage of time has been a few days since the blink of an eye. At this time, Chufeng has not left the house. Every day, apart from studying the third formula of Thunder III, it is the refining and refining spirit. medicine.In just a few days, Chu Feng was reduced from the rich man of the day to nothing but a poor ghost, but fortunately his Dantian again enriched a lot, Chu Feng estimated that once again a Spirit Pearl, can break again.However, the elixir hunting only once a year, Lingzhu is the best elixir, if not rely on the Soviet Union and the United States, Chu-Maple how can you get such a big deal, so he also knows that you want to break through again is not easy.Unconsciously, it was also approaching the day of the Chu Family Church. On this day, three acquaintances came to visit."Chu Yuejie, Chu Xue, Chu Wei?"Looking at the three people outside the temple, Chu Feng was a little surprised. If Chu Yuelai came to visit it was not unusual, but I did not expect that this Chu Xue and Chu Wei will follow."Chu Fengdi, the clan will be coming. You will go back with us." Chu Yue said with a smile."Huh?" Chu Feng looked at Chu Wei and Chu Xue, and he hesitated."Chu Feng Ge, go back with us, everyone is waiting for you" Chu Xue is also opening eyes in addition to sincere and there are rich apologies."Chu Feng, we may have been a bit misunderstood before, but in the end we are still a family, I hope some things do not want to go." Chu Wei is also laughing, and actually a bit of confession between words.After thinking for a moment, Chu Feng promised, "Okay then."Chu Feng is not a stingy person, otherwise he will not save Chu Xue on that day. Moreover, he is also planning to return to the Chu family. On the road, he can chat with Chuyue. It is not bad.At the gate of Qinglongzong, the Chu family was waiting for Chu Feng. They looked in to Chu Feng's eyes. They did not have the hatred of the past, but instead they had a bit of awe and fear. In addition, there was also a bit of awe and fear.Although not yet determined, but many people already know in mind, Chu Feng is likely to be the savage slaying of 40 savage beasts, and won the Wing Meng favor, for such Chu Feng, how dare they no longer offend.For these changes, Chu Feng did not think much about it. After all, in Chu Feng's heart, he also took himself as a member of the Chu family and was able to live in harmony with his family. Naturally, he is also looking forward to it.Although he also knows that the change in their attitude can be attributed to their own strength, but what is this? After all, this is the case in the world. Even if it is a family, it must be based on strength.In the central part of Qingzhou, there is a small town built on the mountain, named Jiaoshan Town. The Chujianai is the overlord of the town and controls the land resources in dozens of miles.Right now, before the grand entrance of the Chu family's style, he came quickly and jumped down several young boys and girls who were very imposing. It was Chu Feng and others who returned from Qinglong.“Looking at it, the young masters of the Chu family are back,”"Purple robe, that is the sign of Qinglongzong's inner-door disciple. It's amazing. It really is the Chu family.""Yes, the qualifications of Xiu Wuyi are the most important. The old head of Zhendong head raised his money to collect silver and let his grandchildren come to Qinglong. However, after entering Qinglongzong for a full decade, only Xiuwu has cultivated his weight. , and Miss Chu master's young master, simply can't compare.""Not always. I heard that the Chu family had a young master called Chu Feng. Today, he is also an outside disciple. Because there is no face to see people, he hasn't returned to the Chu family for many years."“You don’t know this, but Chu Feng is the youngest man, but he is not the kind of Chu family, but Chu Yuan’s is back. His qualifications are not as good as other young masters.”"Oh, don't talk about this kind of thing. If you hear from Chu Yuan, you're going to die."The return of Chu Feng and others has attracted the attention of countless townspeople. For those of them who are not like Xiu Wu, all those who cultivate Wu are the objects of their worship."Miss Young Master, you are back."Into the courtyard, Chu family's descendants all surrounded it, but also attracted a lot of Chu family younger generation.The younger generation of the Chu family had a lot of young generations, but all of them had entered different doors. When they learned that the Qing Longzong people came back, those other ancestral people also wanted to see Chu Wei and Chu Yue. To what extent."Hey, this is not Chu Feng, finally entered the door of Qinglong Zong?"A bitter voice began to sound, and several boys and girls came over, headed by a handsome teenager.He called Chu Xun, who is a disciple of the Second Sungkong Qianfengzong. At the age of eighteen this year, he had a spiritual and five-fold cultivation. Like most Chu family members, he was also hostile to Chu Feng."If I remember correctly, you are only 15 years old before entering the inner door of Qianfengzong?" Chu Feng laughed lightly."Oh, you're right, but when I stepped into the inner door for just three years, I was already a five-in-one fighter. Compared to me, would you match?""Hey, when you were at the age of ten and worshipped Qianfengzong, you only entered the Lingwu five-year-old at the age of eighteen. If you progress so slowly, you're still so proud. Can't you make any progress?""Do you look down on me? Do you want to learn something about it?" Chu looks very difficult to see, can not wait to learn Chu Feng."I learned from you. You are not worthy of it." Chu Feng gave him a disdainful look and he walked deep into the Chu family."Mom, who gave him the confidence, actually dared to be so rampant, the family than he was best not to participate, or I will not kill him." Looking at the back of Chu Feng left, Chu hunt teeth."Chu Xun, I advise you not to provoke Chu Feng." At this time, Chu Cheng Chuzhen two brothers came over."What do you mean by this? Do you think that I will not be his opponent?" Chu more and more angry.See him so stubborn, Chu Chu Chu really too lazy to care for him, but went to his house."Two wastes, not seeing one year so no ambition." Chu looking contempt for the two people."The two of them were quite right. Big Brother also advised you that Chu Feng was not as weak as you thought. I wouldn't say too much, and you should understand it." Chu Wei also came forward and patted Chu Hsu. Shoulders.After this, Chuyuechuchuchu and senior people all made some comments on Chu. Although they were very vague, they were all thick warnings.“This group of guys, who were not even able to be stupid in the Qinglong Emperors’ quarters, will have nothing to do with Chuyue. How could they even be so boneless in Chuwei?” Looking back at the backs of Chu Wei and others, Chu found a bit of a loss."That is, Chu Wei and his brothers who have come true are not the most annoyed Chu Feng, and that Chu Xue, what happened to them?" At the same time, the people behind Chu Feng and so on are also puzzled.They could not figure out that in previous years, they would have insulted Chu Feng. Chu Wei et al., who spared no effort to promote Chu Feng's scandal in Qinglongzong, suddenly became like individuals.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!