Chapter 29—Father and Son Meet (Gaya 21) A middle-aged man and a teenager sit in one of the court houses of the Chu family.The teenager was dressed in a white robe and his eyebrows were pleasing to the eye. His body was exuded with a unique temperament.This is exactly the big brother of Chu Feng, the first gate of Qingzhou, and the inner disciple of Ling Yunzong, Chu Guyu.As for the middle-aged man, Chu Yuan is the father of Chu Guyu and Chu Feng."Hey ~" The two are talking, but the tightly closed door was slowly pushed away."Who lets you come in without knocking? Get out."Talking with his son, Huan Huan was actually rushed in. Chu Yuan shouted at the table. However, when the door opened completely and a thin figure entered, Chu Yuan’s angry expression instantly solidified.“Hey, father, big brother.” Chu Feng scratched and smiled into the hall, the two closest to him."Is the younger brother is you?" When he saw Chu Feng, Chu Yuyu was overjoyed. Several Jianbu came to Chu Feng in front of him. He picked up Chu Feng: "My brother, you finally came back. Big Brother wanted to die.""Big Brother, I miss you too." Chu Feng also clings to Chu Guyou."Five years are not seen. You grow taller and become more handsome. You almost can't recognize it." Chu Guyu looked carefully at Chu Feng and his eyes filled with joy."But there is still no big brother." Chu Feng laughed."How old are you, in a few years you will definitely be taller than your big brother." Chu Guyu loves rubbing Chu Feng's head."How come back not to say hello." Chu Yuan also came over, his face hanging with the color of ecstasy can not be concealed, although Chu family is not when Chu Feng is the Chu family, but in the heart of Chu Yuan, Chu Feng is his son There is no difference from Chu Yuyu.Looking at the purple robes of Chu Feng, Chu Yuan added: "Entering the inner door?""En" Chu Feng smiled and nodded."Well, I will say that my son Chu Yuan is not so waste." Chu Yuan laughed and laughed very happy.The father and son who had not met for three years in a five-year period had enough time to talk about half a day, and they did not even have lunch.“In Chu Yuan’s world, the owner of the house called you and the young solitary rain to pass.” In the afternoon, a call came from outside the house.This is the voice of Zhao Zongguan. The hero of the Chu family, though not the Chu family, has a high status in the Chu family. Therefore, at the moment, Chu Feng and his three sons and daughters all left the site."Zhao Zongguan, I do not know what the father told us to go by?" Chu Yuan kindly asked."It is a matter of exploring the clan association. All members of the Chu family have gone." The gray-haired Zhao Guanjiao smiled.“It was like this, solitary rain, Feng Ye, we passed it.” Chu Yuan looked at the rain and Chu Feng, Chu will go to the meeting hall of the Chu family.“The adults of Chu Yuan, the owner of the house only called you and the young solitary rain.” Just as soon as he could leave, he was stopped by the Zhaoguan."What do you mean by this?""Oh..." Zhao Zongguan also calmly, smiled indifferently: "This is the meaning of the owner of the adult, old age is just a message."At this moment, Chu Chuan’s face is hard to see. It is difficult to see the Chu Yuan’s face. He said that the family conference was well-known but she did not call Chu Feng. The meaning of this statement is already very clear."Father, big brother, you go quickly, don't let Grandpa be unhappy." At this moment, Chu Feng grinned openly, he smiled very calmly, his emotions were not affected by the slightest influence, so many years in the Chu family, such things He got used to it early.Looking at such Chu Feng, Chu Yuan is even more guilty and feels that he is not a competent father, patting the shoulders of Chu Feng:"Feng Er, the father assured you that the next family meeting must have you." Having said this, Chu Yuan took Chu Guyu to the conference hall."Emperor Jiuzhong" Chu Feng was overjoyed. Before Chu Yuan put a hint of breath into his body, it was a rejuvenating atmosphere.Chu Feng knows what this represents because in the Chu family as a whole, no one has reached the ninth level in addition to the older generation, so this will be the biggest stack of Chu Yuan’s competing owners.Lingwu Jiuzhong, only one step can be entered into the territory of Yuan Wu.In the context of Yuanwu, it is no longer aura but mastery.A force far above Reiki, a realm that transcends altruism. Today, the Chu family leader, Chu Yuan Ba, is just Yuan Wu.Chu Yuan, at this age, was able to reach the eternal status of Lingwu. It was only a line away from Yuanwujing. Chu Feng was really moved by him."Yuan Chu Yuan, it's not good!"At this moment, the hurried voices rang in succession, and a big man rushed in with panic."Uncle Zhang, what's the matter?" This big Han Chufeng knew that he was a descendant of the Chu family."Yes.... is Chufeng Master?" Looking at Chu Feng, Zhang Shu's face reveals the difference in color.When Chu Feng left the Chu family, he was still a 10-year-old child. The five-year period changed greatly, but Zhang Shu vaguely recognized Chu Feng."I am." Chu Feng smiled and nodded."The youngest son of Chu Feng, it is not good. After the mountain veins found the savage beast." Zhang Shu panicked."Animal beast?" Chu Feng a tight heart, and would not want to flee to the back of the mountain.The veins at the Chujiahou Mountain are very important sources of income for the Chu family. Only the miners in the mine veins are mostly ordinary civilians. Even if they have Xiuwu, their strength is very low.The savage beasts, Chu Feng once seen, even the weakest first-order savage beasts, not those miners can deal with, so as long as think of those miners will encounter savage beasts, Chu Feng simply too late to think.However, when Chu Feng left, Zhang Shu's mouth, but it set off a conspiratorial smile."Zhang Shu, you have worked hard." Soon after Chu Feng left, Chu sought to come over and smoothly handcuffed Zhang Shu to some silver two."Oh, this is all right." Zhang Shushun took over the silver two: "The youngest lords in Chu find their beasts deep in the back of the mountains. How did you bring them near the veins?""It was a good way for Chu to find a young master, but the beasts seemed to be getting more and more, and one was more scary than others. I think we'll just follow the past." I remembered the few men who had just met near the veins. The beast, Zhang Shu, stood upright."Afraid of fear, the back of the mountain, the strongest animal, but also the strongest is only the third-order. He Chu Fenghao is also practicing for five years in Qinglongzong. If even these few beasts cannot deal with it, it would be better to die."Chu coldly groaned, he spent so much effort, just want to make Chu Feng eat a bitter, how could it be to save him."But Chu find the young master, if Chu Feng really out of three shorts and two short, Chu Yuan adults to investigate, I am afraid not good." Zhang Shu is somewhat worried."Well, we'll talk to the past." Chu thought about it and felt that Zhang Shu was not unreasonable. Chu Feng died, but if Chu Feng died, he was discovered by Chu Yuan. That's not good.However, Chu Hsu and Zhang Shu, who had just entered the mountains and had not yet reached the vein, discovered that Chu Feng was surrounded by a large group of miners and came to them. The miners also took a few monsters and took a closer look. Beasts.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!