The third chapter begins with the assessment (plus 1) "What exactly is it?" Someone asked curiously."Does Elder Surou have to sacrifice himself?" Even more shameless, he actually wanted to blame.Although Su Lu is an elder, but only 20 years old, compared to the old antiques in Zongmen, she is more approachable, because of this, many people will speak without fear.For all the conjectures, Su Rou just smiled and put out five slender fingers and said: "Five Faeries.""What? Five Faeries?""I did not misunderstand it? Is it faerie grass, or five strains?" The words came out, the hall was a mess, and everyone could not calm down.What is so precious about the spirits is that even the Chu family can only subsidize one person per year.For ordinary people, the fairy spirit is more valuable than ever. I have never seen it before.At the moment, Qinglong Emperor has come up with five strains. For the outside disciples, the temptation is not too great.But for most people, they can only think about it, because they all know that the fairy spirits are not with them.It was only those disciples whose goals were directed to the first. They were eager to learn and excited.See the disciples are so imposing, Su Rou is also satisfied nodded, and then waved his hand.Behind it was the sound of "rumbling", and the door that was as high as a few feet was slowly opening."What are you waiting for? Didn't you want to pass the assessment?" Su Rou smiled at the sluggish disciples.For a moment, bursts of cheering broke through, and tens of thousands of outside disciple, such as off the wild horse, rushed to the door.Chu Feng followed the crowd, all the way forward, and finally entered a deep cave.This cave is very large, but it is very dark, very low visibility, people are aware of the danger of potential, may come at any time."Chong Ah, for four paragraphs of martial arts, for five immortals, red ~~~"However, there are always people who want money and do not know how to live. If they know that there is a danger, they will take the lead and they will not even return. And such people are still in the minority.Just a hundred meters ahead, the voice of breaking winds comes from the front, and numerous silver needles are sent from the rock wall, which is like a rainstorm that shoots at the crowd.For a time, all sorts of screams resounded, and the disciples rushing in front of him were caught off guard, and most of them fell.Even so, the people still did not have the slightest retreat, and the desperate cave rushed deep.Because they know that although this silver needle is powerful, it will not be fatal. After all, it is an institution. For those who are armed with awesomeness, as long as they are careful, they can completely avoid it.With the constant deepening, the number of silver needles is becoming more and more intensive, and people who hit it often are caught off guard.In this case, the crowd quickly pulled away. Running in the forefront was not the generation of drowning, but Yang Tianyu, Duan Yuxuan and other masters.Have to say, that Yang Tianyu and Duan Yuxuan and others are indeed extraordinary.Others walk carefully in the rainy silver needle and need to be careful.However, if they are on the ground, where is the parade, it is simply a few people running.Chu Feng has always been behind them, followed by the Armed Forces' triple army. There are two reasons for doing so.First, do not want to be a head bird.Second, his situation is very special and he does not want to expose his strength too early.So he is waiting for an opportunity that no one can see, but he can surpass everyone's timing."Duan Yuxuan, you are so old, but I ran but a child, do not feel shame it?""Hey, kid's kid, Xiu Wu is a way, regardless of age, only strength, to speak big, first win me and say."After a period of shuttle, the front of the team left only two figures. That was Duan Yuxuan and Yang Tianyu.Both men and women are four-in-ones, and they are both talented and experienced.Because they know that the biggest competitor is the other person. As long as they have won each other, the first prize is all of them."Calling." Suddenly, bursts of wind came from the front.To wait and see, both were shocked and could not help but slow down the pace at the foot, because in the front, there has been a strong fog.This cave is already dark, and with fog, the visibility is even lower. This also greatly increases the difficulty of avoiding the authorities. Even the two of them must be treated with care.When everyone withdrew, Chu Feng was a sneak thief. He took a big step forward and only listened to a bang. The entire man flew forward like a arrow from a string.At the moment Duan Yuxuan was concentrating on avoiding the silver needle. A shadow was flashing past him, and he was still waiting for him to respond. The man was disappearing.In this scene, Duan Yuxuan was surprised and thought it was Yang Tianyu. However, when he discovered that Yang Tianyu was still not far away, he became jealous.Successfully throw off everyone, Chu Feng did not worry, he mentioned the speed to the extreme.After a long period of running, he did not feel the slightest exhaustion. The body's reiki was as inexhaustible, and it continued to overflow from Dantianchi.Not only that, but his speed, strength, hearing and vision are far more than those of the equivalent person, at least far stronger than Duan Xuan and Yang Tianyu.For this change, Chu Feng did not have much surprise, because this is exactly what is special about him.This kind of special, he had already seen five years ago, and now this special return, let him have extremely strong confidence, because in front of him, no one can no longer claim to be a genius.Flying all the way, Chu Feng finally crossed the array of organs, walked out of the deep dark cave, came to a wide hall.At the end of the hall, there is a stone platform, and several items are placed on the platform. It is the four paragraphs of martial arts and the five fairy spirits.When he saw these things, Chu Feng was agitated, but he did not hurry to walk forward. Instead, he looked at several stone gates on both sides of the main hall."Then behind, is the legendary evil animal?" Chu Feng's mouth set off a touch of the expected arc.He knows that this assessment has only just begun. What he will face is a bloodthirsty, brutal and terrible creature called the savage beast."It's amazing how old Su Lu's elders look.""I have been guarding here for so many years. It was the first time I saw a disciple who could pass through at such a speed."In a hidden stone room in the underground palace, an elderly eldest is staring at a disorderly stone. His eyes are filled with shock.It is not an ordinary stone, but an institution in the palace of the earth. Only when the authority is triggered will the stone be confused.At the moment, the whole stone is confused, and that means one thing has already been passed.In past years, the most quickly passed the organisers for an hour, but at the moment, it only took half an hour.This change caused everyone's attention. All the dozen elders in the stone room gathered together and were all shocked."It seems that among the disciples at this time, there is an interesting role."Su Rou also joined together, she looked at the stone of the whole disorder, nodded satisfied: "In that case, you can not let him easily pass, let me give him some fun."Between words, she turned her eyes to the top of the stone, where there were three round stones embedded in the stone walls.Suddenly, she smiled and patted the three stones."Do not touch." Upon seeing this, the elders present were all shocked.However, it was too late. At this moment, the three stones were pressed down by Su Rou."What's the matter? Didn't you tell me that this stone can release the savage beast?" Looking at the panicked look of the elders, Su Lu also realized that he was not right."These three stones can indeed release the savage beasts, but they cannot trigger at the same time.""If it triggers at the same time, it will release all of the deceased beasts.""That's thirty second-order savage beasts, nine third-order savage beasts, and a fourth-order savage beast." When saying this, Li Elder was pale, and his voice was trembling.Staying here for many years, he knows the savage animal extremely well.That is a brutal and terrible monster, far more powerful than the same level of martial arts.Right now, so many savage beasts are released at the same time. A killing is inevitable.As long as he thinks that the tens of thousands of disciples in the palace at the moment are about to be slaughtered by savage beasts, he would not dare to continue to think about it."Why didn't you remind me early?"At this moment, Su Rou’s face is also greatly changed. When she has a vertical position, she becomes a blast. She is already disappearing when the stone door is opened."Elder Elder, how should this be done?" The eyes of all people were gathered on this elderly elder."What else can I do? I'm not going to go to the rescue." Li Chang angered and rushed out.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!