Chapter 30 Enchanting (Addition 22) "Chu Xunyou, you have come."“Oh, these savage beasts are terrible, but fortunately the young master Chu Feng arrived in time, otherwise I could not imagine it.” After seeing Chu Xun, several miners came running after being scared."Huh?" At this moment, Chu found only nine beasts, five first-order beasts, three second-order beasts, and one third-order beast.These savage beasts are nothing for him, but he feels that Chu Feng should not be able to cope with it. Does that mean that Chu Feng has reached the four levels of Lingwu?Even if Chu Feng has the strength of the four abilities of Lingwu, it is impossible to solve so many beasts in such a short period of time.Just as Chu was puzzled, Chu Feng smiled at him and he really had a bit of gratitude in his smile.At this moment, Chu Zong completely smashed, and there was a hint of uneasiness that spread in the bottom of my heart. I didn't want to go quickly to the direction of the vein."Master Chu Feng, these are all you kill?" Zhang Shu looked at the stunned animal, feeling unbelievable.He obviously heard that Chu Feng was a waste, and he had stayed in Xiuwu Duo for many years. Even if he enters the Qinglong Zong’s inner gate, he is still at the top of the Xiuwu Triplex. How can he kill so many beasts? Fast speed."Otherwise?" Chu Feng smiled and looked at Zhang Shu. Not only did he have no previous kindness, but his eyes filled with a touch of chill."No.. No...nothing. The youngest is just asking." This was seen by Chu Feng. Zhang Shu frightened back and forth, and the large cold sweat permeated from his forehead."Uncle Zhang, you have been in the Chu family for so many years. How old you get, the more confused.""Remember, as a servant, ask what you should ask. Don't ask. Don't ask. What you should do, you shouldn't do.... Better not do it."There was something in the Chu Feng dialect that scared the uncle from his face to white, and he couldn’t speak for a moment, but his body could not shake.To see him this way, Chu Feng sneered aloud, which is more proof of his conjecture."Master Chu Feng, how to do these evil animals, is to return it to the Chu House?" Dozens of miners surrounded up.“A few beasts in the district do not have to alarm the people in the government. You will take home these flesh beasts and eat meat.” Chu Feng waved his hands and then went to the Chu family.“Thank you, Master Chu Feng.” The miners were overjoyed. The savage beasts could be odd things that could be cultivated. Although the skin was hard like iron, it was delicious and delicious. It was said that eating not only kept fit, but also prolonged life. Bao is a valuable thing.But such a precious savage beast, Chu Feng was actually assigned to them, which told them how to be unhappy, especially when they saw with their own eyes, Chu Feng was unarmed, and after killing all the savage beasts in the blink of an eye, the miners were more aware of Chu Feng. It is extremely awe-inspiring.Near the vein, Chu Xun came to a place where the savage beast was previously found. After observing no one around him, he walked up to a big tree and jumped up. When he landed, he had an extra hole in his hand. Wooden box."Yes, Master is right. Although this thing can attract savage beasts, the savage beast can't find it. It's a good thing to lure savage beasts.""But it can attract the beasts in the mountains. In addition to the spirits, the general elixir cannot really do it."In the interlocutory, Chu Xun opened the wooden box, but when the wooden box was opened, Chu Xun’s face suddenly changed, because he discovered with surprise that the wooden box that put the spirit beads was actually empty."How could this be, Lingzhu it?" Chu Zuntong Tong sat on the ground, his face pale without a trace of blood.Although this wooden box was taught to him by his master, but that spirit was his father's, but it was his father who paid a high price to buy and was prepared to break through the spiritual ninth. If his father knew it, Ling was bequeathed by him. Lost, will absolutely lick his skin."Do you say ...." Suddenly, Chu sought to remember the previous scene that Chu Feng thanked him. He instantly understood what he was doing. He grasped the wooden box and gritted his teeth: "Chu Feng, I am not finished with you."At the same time, Chu Feng has returned to his room, closed the door, he pulled out from the waist of a spirit-surrounded beads, his mouth set off a touch of evil laughter."Chu finds out about thanking you. You have taken such a big circle and spent such a large amount of money. You just sent me this baby and helped me to break through the six aspects of Lingwu. Hey, your brother is really meaningful."Chu could not think of anyway, Chu Feng has a spiritual power, although the wooden box can be confused with the smell of the beast, but it can not interfere with Chu Feng's spiritual power.When Chu Feng arrived, he discovered the wooden box that stored the bead for the first time, and concluded that this was a trap for human beings.On the way down the mountain, after seeing the strange expressions of Chu Zun and Zhang Shu, Chu Feng basically determined that it was the two men who had joined together and wanted to pit him, but how they could not have imagined it, but they did not suffer from it but suffered a serious loss. .When Lingzhu enters the abdomen, it instantly transforms itself into a large aura, but the huge aura has yet to spread in the future and is swallowed by the suction inside Dantian.At this moment, Chu Feng seems to be able to hear that the chewing voice of a hungry wolf has spread from within Dantian.When that voice disappeared, there were earth-shaking changes in Dantian. Nine thunder monsters burst into jealousy and changed again.When everything returned to normal, an aura that was several times stronger than before was poured out of Dantian and filled with Chu Feng's body."Lingwu Sixfolds" Chu Feng opened his eyes and raised a touch of excitement at his mouth.If we say that when we reach the age of fifteen at the age of fifteen, we can count themselves as geniuses. Then, like Chu Feng, in less than two months, he will break from Lingwu’s double breakthrough to the six men of Lingwu. Only two words can describe it, that is - enchanting!Time flies, and in an instant it will be the day of the Chu family.This so-called clan association is not simply a meeting within the Chu family, but a demonstration of the Chu family's outward display of power.In the Yanwu Town of Qianshan Township, overcrowded, not only the giants in the town came to watch, but also attracted many nearby forces.Some of these external forces are invited and some are coming. But their purpose is the same. That is to look at the current strength of the Chu family.Therefore, when the main members of the Chu family came to the scene, the heat of the Yanwu field suddenly sublimated to the boiling point."Look at it, it is the owner of the Chu family, the Chu Yuan tyrant."People first turned their gaze to the old man who was headed. Although the old man had been in the first year of his life, he was humiliated with a breeze, especially under the snow-white eyebrow eyebrows, with a dreadful and faint glimpse. Three points.This is the grandfather of Chu Feng and others. The Chu family is the master of the Chu Yuan tyrants. The Chu family is the only master who has entered the territory of Yuan."Behind the Chu Yuan Pai is the Chu family's six sons. Sure enough, each device is extraordinary, but just does not know who the new owner will inherit.""What is urgent? I have heard that today's Chu Family Association, Chu Grandfather will elect to abdicate, and the new owner will also be selected.""In that case, today is really a good show."As long as you think, the highlight of today's Chu family will not be able to resist the excitement.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!