Chapter 31 Uninvited Guests "is really lively."Soon after the Chu family members entered the Yanwu Stadium, there were a large number of troops and they came in."It is the home of Lishu Town."“Isn’t this family not coming in with the Chu family? How dare I come to the Chu family at this time?”Many people have recognized the origins of this group of people, but it is the Chu Chu family's biggest hostile force, the Xu family.This Xu family is the overlord of Linzhen. Because there is no conflict with Chu family on the issue of competing for resources, many people think that Chu family and Xu family will soon have a big battle.This time, the Xu family led so many people appear, many people's first thought is that the Xu family is to mess up."Qiang Xu, today is the day of my Chu family meeting. What are you doing?" Upon seeing this, Chu Chuyi, the father of Chujia's six sons, led a team of men and women to the past."Chu Renyi, why are you so nervous? I'm just trying to make a comedy." The man named Xu Qiang looked at Chu Renyi contemptuously. That kind of gaze never looked at him.This Xu Qiang is also the oldest of the Xu family, but unlike Chu Renyi, he is already the future owner of the Xu family, and he is also a master of Lingwu Jiuju.Therefore, in his eyes, Chu Renyi and he are not equal at all. In the Chu family, he only speaks positively with him. Only the current owner Chu Yuanba."Xu Qiang, I will not welcome you to the family of the Chu family." Just then, Chu Yuan also passed."Why, Chu family is no one? The round to you so talk to me." Xu Qiang looked changed, Ling Wu Jiuzhong breath, without retaining the sweeping out, to Chu Renyi and others forcing.At this moment, Chu Renyi's brows were slightly wrinkled. He was the only one who could not withstand this atmosphere, but at the time when he was in trouble, Chu Yuan took a step forward and whispered: “Take care of you. I Chu Chuan enough."As the words sounded, Chu Yuan’s body shot a strong atmosphere, which not only offset the scent of Xu Qiang, but also forced the Xu family to go away.The accident came too fast, and Xu Qiang had not yet responded. The people behind him were already the momentum and shock of Chu Yuan's body, and only Xu Qiang was able to counter it."Emperor Wuzhong?" Xu Qiang looked surprised, he could not think of anyway, Chu Yuan actually reached Lingwu Jiuzhong, and this atmosphere is stronger than he is not weak."Emperor Jiuwu, Chu's old five Chu Yuan, actually has been Lingwu Jiuzhong.""It's so powerful that at this age, it will reach Lingwu's nine weights. It seems that the position of the head of Chu family is beyond him." Feeling the atmosphere of Chu Yuan, there was an exclamation inside and outside Yanwu Stadium.Even Chu Yuanba, who was sitting on the chief desk, was a slight change in his face, and a hint of surprise appeared in his eyes."Which brother, when breakthrough." Chu Renyi asked excitedly."Brother, I also just broke through just a few days ago." Chu Yuan smiled and said, for his big brother, Chu Yuan has always respected."It's good, it's good to break through. It seems that the seat of the Chu family is not your kid." Chu Ren smiled and patted the shoulders of Chu Yuan. He was pleased with Chu Yuan. .Although, as a matter of sensation, he is the boss, he should sit in the seat of the owner, but he does not care about it. He only cares about the prosperity of the Chu family."Brother, I'm afraid it's too early to say this." Suddenly, there was a lingering atmosphere of Empress Wu, which came from behind Chu Renyi.Looking back and watching, not to mention Chu Renyi, even Chu Yuan's face is not a change.Because behind them, a middle-aged man with a white face is slowly coming, and this is the old sixth of the Chu family, Chu Hongfei's father, Chu Nanshan."Laoliu. You have also entered Lingwu Jiujuan?" The color of ecstasy on Chu Renyi's face was once again full of strength."Big brother, Lingwu only nine, just so excited it, your brother and I my goal, but that Yuanwujing." Chu Nanshan indifferent smiles, and both are exudes a meaning of arrogance."The Chu family and Lao Liu are also the nine counties of Lingwu. It seems that the position of the head of Chu family is really difficult to say.""Oh, it looks like there will be a good show today."Excitedly watching the excitement, but those nearby forces, look can be difficult to look at, suddenly Chu family more than two Lingwu Jiuzhong master, which represents what they know best.Even Qiang Xu Qiang, who was previously still awkward, was frowning at the moment and his mouth twitched, because it was not a good thing for him."The so-called arrival is a guest, righteousness, the Xu family members invited to attend." At this time, a loud and loud voice began to sound, the original is the Chu Yuan Ba ​​speak.At the moment, Chu Yuanba was smiling and his wrinkles on the face were all laughed. Chu Yuan and Chu Nanshan were his two youngest sons. At such age, they all entered Lingwu Jiuzhong, and they entered Yuan Wujing. Just a matter of time.This means that he has succeeded Chu. How can he be unhappy? It is precisely because of this happiness that he would not consider the purpose of Xu Qiang and others to come here, but instead invited them to the table."All of you, Xu, please, please." When he saw his father's speech, Chu Renyi could not say anything more. He had to take the Xu family to the upper seat.Chu Yuan wanted to keep up, but at this time, Chu Nanshan came to whisper and said: "Brother, do you suppose his father will choose you or choose me?""You ask his father." Chu Yuan gave him a look and he walked quickly.Although he is a close relative of brothers, Chu Yuan has always been disgusted with the Chu Nanshan's methods of action. If he asks Chu Yuan what he does not want to be the owner of the house, then definitely not the Chu Nanshan.“Yeah.” After turning around in Chuyuan, the smile on Chu Nanshan’s face instantly converged, and a touch of coldness emerged from the eyes.However, compared with them, the other three presidential candidates in the Chu family's six sons may be embarrassed. They quickly miss the position of the family leader. This makes them somewhat unwilling, but the most depressing one still has to be the Chu family.The oldest family in the Chu family had a spiritual and military cultivation. If his prodigal son, “Chu Xun,” lost his aura purchased at astronomical prices, he is likely to have already become Lingwu Jiuzhong. He may also be like Chu Yuanhe. Like Chu Nanshan, the limelight shines in front of many VIPs.The more he wanted to get more and more angry, his angry teeth, and his seven cigarettes, he secretly decided that after the clan was over, he must reward Chu's son, Chu Zeng, several whips. Otherwise, it would be hard to dispel the hatred of his heart."Finally, looking at his father's gaze can kill people. When the clan ends, I will return to Qianfeng Zong as soon as possible. I absolutely cannot allow my father to catch my shadow."In a corner outside Yanwu, Chu Zhuang is observing his father's look and remembering his father's punishment on him that day. He can't help but feel his raised eyelids, and suddenly a fiery sting comes and grates his teeth: "Chu Feng, this account must find you.""Oh, this is not what you are looking for. What is your face and who is the bird?” At this moment, a familiar voice suddenly sounded.Looking up and watching, Chu couldn't help but change his face because not far away, the culprit who had caused him to be severely beaten by his father was looking at him not far away, and his face gloated with a smile.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!