Chapter 32 I'll give in "Chu Feng, I'll kill you."The extremely incompetent Chu Xun, after seeing Chu Feng, was like a dynamite in a fire, the anger that had accumulated in his heart broke out in an instant.He spread out the spirit of the five auras and took no account of the eyes of others. He said that his fists were rushed to the front of Chu Feng, and that he was desperate to kill Chu Feng.Chu could not be approached yet, and soon he rushed into the ear curtains, and at the same time a strong wind rushed in and blew his back, almost without falling to the ground.Watching and looking around, Chu sought to make a big shock because he stood beside Chu Feng's young man who was very clear-minded. It was Chu Feng's eldest brother Chu Yu.At this moment, the raging anger of Chu was suddenly extinguished. Because he was familiar with Chu Qingyu, the first person recognized in the Chu juniors was not what he was able to provoke."Chu Xun you listen to me well, and dare to shoot my brother, I will abolish you." Chu Gu Yu pointed to war warning.For such a scene, Chu Feng was a warm heart. When he was a child, whenever someone bullied him, the first one stood up and protected him. His eldest brother Chu Yu, but now it seems that his Big Brother seems more reliable."Oh, good bully momentum, not seeing your brothers in years is arrogant."Suddenly, a sour tone sounded, and when I looked back, I saw a few Chu juniors come over, and the person headed was a teenager with a very sinister look.Seeing this person, the faces of Chu Feng and Chu Guyu have changed, and their hearts have stirred up layers of waves.Although not seen for many years, Chu Feng recognized it at first glance. This was the person who brought their brothers to the ground and brought them heavy insults. Chu Hongfei."Chu Hongfei, you really came back, and we had the time to calculate it." Chu solitary voice, eyes flashing anger."Hey, in Lingyun Zong for a few years, the temper is good, do not think you are really the first person in the junior Chu family, and you have won me?" Chu Hongfei looked at Chu solitary."I'm not the first person in the junior Chu family, you will know." Chu Guyu's voice is getting colder and colder, people can even feel the slightest coldness in his body, he is fighting the anger in his heart.“Yes, there is ambition, then Chu Feng, do you?” Chu Hongfei looked to Chu Feng: “I heard you spent five years at the outer door of Qinglongzong’s second-class door.”“How stupid are you, how can you stay in that bad place for five years? Even if you are not my kind of Chu family, but at least you still have the name of my Chu family. People who have lost my family like this do not feel it. What's that?""I told you that it is better not to meet me when your two brothers are in comparison. Otherwise, I will not get you up as you did seven years ago.""Also, I tell you that the seat of the head of the Chu family must be my father Chu Nanshan because he has my excellent son, Chu Hongfei."Having said these things, Chu Hongfei took the Chu family and went to the place where the race was registered.Chu Guyu wanted to step forward and said something, but he felt that someone had pulled his clothes and looked back at Chu Feng."Big Brother, for this kind of person, there is no need to say anything more. When the family races him, it is the most direct method." Chu Feng said calmly.Looking at such Chu Feng, Chu couldn't help but feel the inexplicable feeling in his heart. He always felt that his younger brother had become different. He was not exactly the same. He also said that he is not good, just like the whole person. All of them have changed and become unfathomable.After Chu Yuanba said some polite speeches, the Chu family juniors finally stepped into Yanwu Stadium. The first feast of this tribe meeting began.With the lottery number, Chu Feng took to the 5th than the bucket, and when he stepped on the bucket, some ironic voices followed."That is Chu Feng. Didn't this kid have been a disciple for five years outside of Qinglongzong? This year he finally entered the inner door?""Even if you enter the inner gate, it is a waste. Even if you dare to participate in the race, you really don't know the height of the sky.""Isn't it just right? Let him be taught something. Just let Chu Yuan know if his son is a waste."Most of the people who knew Chufeng were the Chu family. Those who dared to belittle Chu Feng were all people with certain identities in the Chu family. They not only hoped Chu Feng was ugly, but also hoped that Chu Yuan was ugly."Chu Feng was actually you." At this moment, a figure took the stage.Looking at this person not far from here, Chu Feng was speechless and turned out to be an old friend, Chu Zhen.However, compared to Chu Feng, Chu Zhen's face can be ugly, his mouth twitching, secretly how he was so unlucky, the first encounter with Chu Feng."Chu really, if not remember correctly, this boy seems to break through to the four times in the first two days of Lingwu. It seems that Chu Feng has suffered."After seeing Chu Zhen and Chu Feng’s opponents, the Chu family, who was not aware of the situation, snickered. They all felt that Chu Zhen had to deal with Chu Feng. It was simply a piece of cake.And the Chuzhen Brothers, who did not like Chu Feng from childhood, all believed that Chu Zhenruo wouldn’t be merciful when he shot, so he was very much looking forward to it.At this time, Chu Zhen, who was on the stage, raised his right hand and shouted loudly."Chu Zhen, what do you mean by this stinky kid, didn't open up and give up to Laozi?" It was Chu's father.In the face of his father’s harsh eyes, Chu Zhen’s facial expressions changed, but he still bit his teeth and turned away from the bucket."How is this going?"This scene, so that people pop up, admit defeat? This is the Chu family than the rare scene, and the opponent is still Chuzhen, his opponent or Chu Feng?How can this be? Is Chu really stupid? Head problem, right? What is the situation?The Chu family, who did not understand the truth, had a moment of silence. Although they did not know why Chu Chuyin did this, the real move by Chu really surprised them.Even Chu Yuanba, the chief seat, was attracted by Chu's actions. His brows were slightly wrinkled. From his old eyes, he could see that his old man was also confused."This Council, Chu Feng wins."But in any case, Chu Feng did win, and although it felt baffling, Chu Feng really became the first person to win this race.After the end of the first game, Chu Feng was quickly placed in another stage than the bucket. When he saw the opponent who had just won the match on the stage, even Chu Feng could not help but laugh.Because of this, actually Chu is the big brother, Chu Cheng.Chu Cheng at the moment, his face was white with blue lips, and his heart was dark: Our brothers and sisters really had bloody life in their eight lives, and they all met this comet.Although his heart was extremely upset, he had suffered a serious loss in Chu Feng's hands, but he did not want to fight against Chu Feng. After thinking about it, he made a move that made the Chu family stunned.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!