Chapter 33 Chu Feng finds out about Chu (Gai Geng 23) "I rely on. What is the situation of this mother?"This time, Mo is said to be the Chu family, and even many outsiders who do not know Chu Feng also turned their attention to Chu Feng."Whoever was the teenager, he actually made opponents continue to lose.""I don't know. Look at the costume. It should be the disciple of Qinglongzong. In the past, the Chu family would not have seen him.""It's not simple. It's definitely not simple. When you haven't dealt with your opponent, you're afraid. This kind of deterrent, will you have a future?"Some onlookers began to pay attention to Chufeng, and faintly thought Chu Feng was probably an amazing guy."Hey, what is it? This is a waste of the Chu family." A Chu man who hated Chu Feng said badly."Oh, this brother seems to know that boy?" A big man questioned."Of course I know that I am the Chu family, so it is clear that this kid is a waste.""You look at it, this kid must have bought a brother who is a real brother. In the bluff, I dare to guarantee that he will be defeated next time." The Chu family man affirmed."Oh, this brother must have been somewhat prejudiced against the teenager. It wasn't that I said you. You are such a big person, so why bother with a child?" laughs Dahan."What do you mean is that I was smashing him? What I said was just a fact." The Chu family man was angry."Then I will bet with you. If, as you said, the young man will be defeated. I will give you these silver twos. If not, oh, you know..." One or two lines of silver are readily drawn."Betting on gambling, I'm afraid you won't succeed." Seeing that someone was sending money to the door, how could the Chu family man not receive it?"I admit defeat." At this moment, the center of Yanwuchang again heard a cry.Looking ahead, the men of the Chu family could not help but be shocked. It was actually the bucket that Chu Feng was in. The opponent who defeated this time was Chu Gao."Grandma's, such a scary door?" Chu family man burst into silence, he was a bit messy."Oh, brother, I'm sorry that you lost." Upon seeing this, Han was not polite. He smiled and took the silver in the men's hands.Looking at one or two lines of silver on his own, it was just like that. The Chu family man had a painful body, and later said: “I dare not dare to gamble again. This time I am out of the pattern of silver.”"Gamble, I am afraid you will not succeed?" Dahan should be decisive."Hey, this brother, take me out of a job. I bet that boy wins.""Also bring me one, I also bet that youngster to win!" At the same time, some of the good things around, also came together."Come here, come here, and who else? Today I'll stay with you!" The Chu family man hurried, and simply pulled out his own kit. There were dozens of lines and two lines of silver all falling out.With Chu Cheng, Chu Zhen, and Chu Heights continuously conceding defeat, the auditorium is in chaos.Not to mention that the Chu family was shocked. Even outsiders were stunned by the watching. More and more people began to speculate on what the status of Chufeng was.They had heard of Chu Solitary Rain. They had heard of Chu Hongfei. After all, these two were talented teenagers who worshipped first-class doors. But what did Chu Feng actually come from?When people guessed that there was no answer, Chu Feng was quite helpless. He wanted to show off his skills through the race, but he couldn't think of such a thing.And when Chu Feng was depressed, a shadow went up to the stage than the bucket."Chu Feng brother, congratulations you won four games." Chu snow sweet smile."Chu Xue, you just don't laugh at me." Chu Feng grinned, but soon realized that he was wrong: "Four times? Obviously only three times, Chu Xue, you shouldn't..."Looking at the dull look of Chu Feng, Chu Snow smiled naughty and shouted to the old man under the audience: "I also admit defeat."This time, the entire Yanwu field was completely sensational, and even many Chu juniors who were testing the match could not help but cast their eyes on Chu Feng. His eyes were full of shock.Although there are questions in mind, they do not even know what is going on.Only those juniors who practice in Qinglong Zong sighed and rejoiced that they had not encountered Chu Feng. Otherwise, they would make the same choice."Haha, my brother really thank you so much.""This brother is really righteous.""Xintai, you are definitely the best person I have ever seen!"At the same time, at a certain place in the auditorium, a large group of people surrounded the men of the Chu family and rushed to grab the silver in his hands without mercy.The man of Chu, looking at his empty kit, had even cried, and he felt deeply that he had been pitted.How all the disciples of Qinglong Zong, as long as they encountered Chu Feng to admit defeat, it must be tricky ah, but he could not figure out, Chu Feng actually gave them much benefit in order to allow them to throw in the towel.On a certain stage than the bucket stage, Chu Yue is falling down from the stage. If it is not for the Chu parents to accept her in time, she will certainly suffer serious injuries."Chu Yue, Qing Longzong's martial arts is not very good." Chu sought to go down from the bucket stage with a sardonic smile on his face."Chu Xun, you are only ignoring the repair is higher than I have, if I am also Wuwu Wu, then it may not be lost to you." Chu Yue reluctantly."That's right, but the repair is higher than you. This is my ability." Chu sneered."You ....." Chu Yueqi's beak teeth bite, there are unspeakable grievances in the heart, she has already reached the peak of the four peaks of Lingwu, if this family is held a few days later, she definitely has a breakthrough To the Wujin Wujin, but lost or lost, she did not want to excuse what."Chu Xun, if I remember correctly, you seem to be one year older than Chu Yuejie. As a brother to win her sister, is it worth being so proud?” Suddenly a voice sounded.Looking ahead, Chu Yue was overjoyed and saw that Chu Feng was slowly leading to them under the leadership of a Chu family."Chu Feng, the next opponent is you?” To see Chu Feng, Chu Xun looked very excited, because he most wanted to learn Chu Feng."Afraid? Afraid to throw in!" Chu Feng laughed."Oh, I won't take you out today, I'll clean even if you pulled it yesterday." Chu coldly slammed, then he jumped over the bucket and pointed at Chu Feng: "Come up to me."“Chu Fengdi, are you sure?” Chu Yue has some worries because she always feels that Chu Xun seems to want to crush Chu Feng."Rest assured, to deal with this kind of thing, I just have a move." Chu Feng smiled slightly, they must go to the bucket.At this time, Chu Yue took Chu Feng's hand and whispered: “Chu Fengdi, the first person in the inner door assessment, is that you?”Chu Feng was hesitant. He could watch Chu Yue’s eyes eager to answer, but could not bear to lie to her. He had to nod and nodded. This suddenly jumped and drew to the stage than the bucket.At this moment, the expression of Chuyue is instantaneously solidified, a pair of beautiful flashes, and even the heartbeat is accelerating.Although, in her mind, there is already an answer, when this answer is confirmed in Chufeng, it will still feel unbelievable.She looked up at the Chu Xun who was in a situation where she would be. She had a sweet smile on her lips. I do not know why. She suddenly found a sympathy for that Chu.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!