Chapter 34: Amazing Four (Gai Geng 24) "I wiped it, finally it turned."The Chu family man, see Chu Feng's opponent, turned out to be Chu Zou. His face's depression suddenly swept away and replaced by the color of ecstasy.What strength Chu sought is, he is naturally clear, that is, Wuwu Lingwu, among the Chu juniors, can be ranked in the top five people.And seeing the previous scene of Chu Hsu and Chu Feng confrontation, he can also see the difference between the two, Chu Hsu will never admit defeat, so he concluded that this time Chu Feng will lose no doubt."Well, you dare to dare to gamble again?" The Chu family man shouted at his sister-in-law."Dare to dare, but do you have the money?" The people who had just won the men's silver in the Chu family had laughed contemptuously.“Well, look down on Lao Zi?” The Chu family man slammed a cold cry, actually pulled out two faeries from the arms: “As long as you dare, I will play with you in the end.”Looked at the men's hands of the fairy spirits, many people onlookers are speechless, and that is the spirit of the spirit of the spirit of the spirit of medicine, each plant can sell one or two gold, but that is equivalent to one hundred two lines of silver ah.Today, the Chu family man actually took two strains at a time. Not to mention a lot of people. Without this capital and his gambling, he alone can see that he has absolute certainty to win.So although many people are blind, they are afraid to gamble with him because such a big bet is that many people cannot afford to lose."Brother has courage, then I will accompany you to play the last time." Or that Han, he actually took out two Faeries, photographed in front of the Chu family man."Hey, Hao Le." Upon seeing this, the Chu family man was overjoyed. It was previously not a shallow pit, but it was his chance to revenge."Look, good show begins." At this moment, someone shouted.Looking back on the stage, Chu Xun has launched a fierce offensive against Chu Feng.Chu Hsu came to Chufeng recently, his two fists dancing, legs and feet, with a move faster than a move, a punch and then a punch.It is not an ordinary attack, but a fierce boxing method, but it is a second paragraph of martial arts.Chu Feng swayed from side to side under the turmoil of the storm, secretly amazed, this Chu can find the second paragraph to display in this field, Chuyue lost is not lost.But unfortunately, this level of martial arts to him, it is simply full of loopholes, vulnerable."Stepping on" Suddenly, Chu Feng suddenly stopped the pace of retreat, no longer dodging, but quietly waiting for the arrival of Chu Xun's attack."Good opportunity." Upon seeing this, Chu Xun also thought that Chu Feng had flaws and single fists clenched his fists. The face of the door facing Chu Feng then blew up.At this moment, people who worry about Chu Feng all pinched a cold sweat for Chu Feng. He was afraid that Chu Feng could not be defeated because it was a person who could feel it. However, the strength of Chu Fang's fist was no match for him.However, people who are tired of Chu Feng are ecstatic. They waited too long for this moment and waited for Chu to find it, and Chu Feng was killed.In fact, Chu Feng obviously wants to let those people down!Suddenly, Chu Feng burst into a shout and a majestic breath erupted out of his body. As soon as a boxing strike was like lightning, he punched him in search of Chu."Completely" with two fists, actually heard a sound of broken hands and bones.At the same time, Chu Hsi screamed and hung his right arm and rolled down to the stage, painfully mourning."Liuwu Six." At this moment, on and off the court, everyone was shocked.Even the Chu Yuan Pa can not help but have to open their eyes, the appearance of surprise color.Chu Yuan, who was the father of Chu Feng, stood up even more fiercely. His excited body shook.Because at the moment of Chu Feng's shot, almost everyone can feel the breath of Chufeng, it is really true and spiritual six.“How could this happen, Chu Feng was not the Chu family's waste, how could it have the strength of the six forces of Lingwu? Is it not the same as Chu Guyu and Chu Hongfei?” The Chu family’s crowd was shocked by the sound They simply cannot accept this fact."Chu Fengdi, unexpectedly........"In fact, even Chu Yue, Chu Wei, Chu Xue, Chu Cheng, Chu Zhen, Chu and so on... all the people who practiced in Qinglong Zong are equally shocked.Although they knew that Chu Feng was extremely tough, he was able to kill the forty savage beasts on his own and obtain the first person in the internal assessment.However, they also only guessed that Chu Feng was the strength of the Lingwu Five, and he never expected that it would be a six-fold reliance.The Lingwu Sixth Committee has already been counted as a genius among the younger generation. Chu Feng is now only 15 years old and is 15 years old. This potential is extremely limitless.Not only did the Chu family sigh, the whole Yanwu field came with exclamation and was alarmed by the strength of Chu Feng.The emergence of a 15-year-old Lingwu six in the Chu family is definitely an explosive news. In a certain sense, the strength of Chufeng is even more shocking than Chu Yuqing and Chu Hongfei.After all, Chu Feng was two years younger than both of them. In two years, with Chu Feng’s strength, even if he broke through to Lingwu Qizhong, it is not impossible."Genius, true genius, it is incredible that the Chu family hide such a genius.""It seems that the Chu family is not only a successor, but it is better that blue is better than blue. Future achievements will not be limited to this small town."The strong forces of all parties, envious, looked at the performances of the Chu juniors such as Chu Feng. They even looked forward to the future of the Chu family. Such excellent younger generations are not owned by their families."My brother, it is already this kind of strength." Chu solitary rain still on the stage than the bucket is also attracted by Chu Feng's power, the face emerged, can not hide the smile of joy."How could it be, how could this be, this... this... it's just..."However, compared to the shock of others, somewhere in the stands, a man from the Chu family slammed into the ground.At this moment, he finally knew that Chu Xue, Chu Gao, Chu Cheng, Chu Zhen, why they would throw in the towel, because it was not accidental, but they knew in advance that Chu Feng had absolute strength."Brother, thanks a lot." The big man came over, and it was not polite to take the two Faeries.While looking at his fairy grass was taken away, the Chu family man eyes sluggish, as if it has been desperate.Suddenly, he waved his arm and he "pulled" on his cheeks with two big mouths and then whispered: "Stupid."For this move by him, the people around him can understand that although there are no poor people here, they are not rich people. It is therefore a blow for anyone to take away two Faeries. .Understand the understanding, but no one will sympathize with him, as the Chu parents annihilate the same family and juniors, in the eyes of others, he is called self-inflicted, deserved.And just outside the court, because of Chu Feng's strength and a burst of exclaimed, Chu Feng was once again embarked on another than the bucket.Only at this moment, Chu Feng's face is not good-looking, because he is standing opposite him now, but he is his pro-grandson, Chu Guyu.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!