The thirty-fifth chapter Xu Tianyi (Gan more 25) than the fighting on the field, the two brothers face each other.Chu Feng's face was ugly, but Chu Yu was smiling.Both did not speak, as if passing a mood with their eyes.Chu Guyu was pleased with Chu Feng. Chu Feng was able to reach the six levels of spirituality at this age, and his qualification alone was beyond him.Suddenly, Chu solitary mouth slightly open, they want to turn around and talk to the parents of the audience under the Chu."I admit defeat." But when these three words rang, the smile of Chu Guyu was instantaneously solidified. Although these three words were what he wanted to say, it is not what he said at the moment."My brother, you ...." Chu Yufeng looked to Chu Feng, his eyes filled with grievances. He wanted to leave this opportunity to Chu Feng, but he did not want to be taken by Chu Feng.Chu Feng’s face has improved a lot. He calmly walked beside Chu’s solitary rain and smiled and said, “Don’t mind, I just think that you are a disciple of the first-class door and you are better suited to deal with him.”"Beat him, wash away the humiliation of you and my brother, kill him, let him know, who is the first person in the younger generation of Chu family!"Having said this, Chu Feng walked away than the bucket, but his move has undoubtedly caused another uproar once again.Some people think that Chu Feng is a matter of friendship and gives his older brother an opportunity.However, some people think that Chu Feng is self-knowledge, knowing that he is not an opponent of Chu Qingyu and Chu Hongfei, so he will give up.No matter how the outsiders guessed, Chu Yu rain is very clear in his brother's words.When Chu Feng conceded defeat, this race was the end of the race. He was also the sixth son of the emperor and Wu. Both Chu Guyu and Chu Hongfei, who were all at the top of the door, had no suspense and became the ultimate opponent.This ethnic ratio is also the most exciting moment. Almost everyone's eyes are concentrated on these two youngsters. Whoever is the first person in the Chu juniors is in this battle.The two played against each other, and all sorts of dazzling martial arts were played by them.It is worthy of being a disciple of the first-class door, not only possessing tyrannical skills, but also fighting skills.When the beautiful moves and tyrannical zealots flew up and down in comparison to the bucket, the two did present a visual feast to the people."Brother, must win."When more people, to appreciate the attitude of the time, Chu Feng's heart only hope that Chu can rain win.Because of this war, not only to fight for fame and fortune, but also on behalf of Chu Feng and Chu solitary rain, when the stamp of shame that Chu Hongfei branded, can be erased.However, when Chu Hongfei made a heavy blow and dropped the vomiting blood of Chu Guyu and fell to the stage, all the expectations of Chu Feng were annihilated.Chu Feng madly ran to Chu Guyu, fearing that his big brother appeared three long and two short.When he came to the front of Chu solitary rain, he discovered that Chu Guyu looked at him quietly and he actually had two lines of tears in his eyes, with an extremely swearing tone: “Big Brother is useless, disappointing you. It's up."After the words stopped, Chu Guyu eyes closed, actually fainted, and saw his brother's injury so heavy, Chu Feng suddenly panic."Oh, I said that when the race is over, your brothers would better not meet me, otherwise I wouldn't get up.""What about it? Did I mean to do it?" Chu Hongfei, who is on the stage, smirks and looks at Chu Feng. The words are full of irony."Anytime, I will abandon you." Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was like a fierce tiger, and he would leap onto the platform and speak with Chu Hongfei."Feng Er stopped." May not wait for Chu Feng leaps, a powerful big hand, then tightly caught Chu Feng's shoulders, looked back, turned out to be his father, Chu Yuan."The victory is set, do not let people watch jokes." Although Chu Yuan's words are calm, but Chu Feng can see from his eyes, at the moment of Chu Yuan how angry.Indeed, his own son was beaten into this picture, which father could not be angry, but under such circumstances, he must control his emotions."Yes, er, listen to your father's words, or be careful about your father and the owner of the place." Chu Hongfei continues to mock."Hong Fei, I advise you to accumulate morals." Faced with such arrogant Chu Hongfei, Chu Yuan's face could not help turning cold."Five brothers, what am I right about? The so-called defeat of the king, as a winner to insult the loser, this is my power." Chu Hongfei disapproved: "To Wu Bo, I guess you have with the owner of the Bits missed.""Don't be angry. You must blame your two sons for disappointment. If they can defeat me, I am afraid that the position of the owner is really yours.""But it is a pity that now I am winning Chu Hongfei and not your two sons. Haha........." Chu Hongfei drifted away with wild laughter.At this moment, Chu Feng was angry, but he could only bear toleration. The debt owed by Chu Hongfei would sooner or later be recovered even if he had the benefit, but it could not be the present because he could not undermine the rules of the tribe. .Especially in the critical period when his father was running for homeowners, he absolutely could not bring any burden to Chu Yuan.In this way, the ethnic group ended, and Chu Hongfei became the victor of the ethnic group. At the same time, Chu Hongfei became recognized as the first person in the Chu family.Chu Hongfei and his father Chu Nanshan have become the biggest victors of this tribe. People feel that after Chu Hongfei wins the first place in the race, Chu Nanshan is more likely to win the position of the family leader.In fact, it is indeed true. Chu Yuanba personally awarded the first prize of the race to Chu Hongfei, and also let Chu Hongfei sit beside him and watch the content of the next tribal meeting. His eyes are full of spoil."The Chu family is a junior, but it is a pity that it is only confined to the Chu family." But when the Chu family announced that the younger generation had already ended, an ironic voice suddenly began to sound.Looking around, all of us couldn't help but see what was happening somewhere in the audience.Juveniles are only seventeen-year-olds, but their eyes are unusually fierce. At the moment, they are using contemptuous gaze and staring at Chu Hongfei next to Chu Yuanyuan."Who are you? You dare to go wild in my house." Someone asked in a loud voice."I am an inner-door disciple of the first-class cenotaphs, the Xu family of Lishu Town, the son of Xu Qiang, and Xu Tianyi.""In addition, I did not come here to throw wild, just want to discuss with the Chu family's peers, learn about it, discuss and teach nothing." Xu Tianyi chic from the audience to go down, came to a stage than the bucket.“Xu Qiang, you dare to say that you are not coming to trouble, see the good son you taught.” When Xu Tianyi was openly challenged the juniors of Chu family, the elders of the Chu family were extremely unhappy and one by one pointed to the spearhead. Xu Qiang."What are you nervous about? My child is very clear about it. It's just learning and advice. It's not a duel.""However, if you do not have the bottom of your heart, think that you Chu juniors really incompetent, can not beat my son Xu Tianyi, we can leave." Xu Qiang faint smile.In this case, he said that the Chu family is in absolute condition. If it is not to fight, it will be degenerated into a laughing stock in the future. Therefore, there is only one road to choose from.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!