The 36th chapter I came to fight "Hong Fei, can be sure?" Chu Yuanba looked to the side of Chu Hongfei."Grandpa, this kind of stuff, within ten strokes I will definitely flatten it." Chu Hongfei is full of confidence."Well, go, let him know that my family, the strength of the Chu family." Chu Yuanba laugh with satisfaction."Following his life," Chu Hongfei took a good step and then suddenly jumped, a beautiful flip, it fell to the bucket."Xu Jia waste, to see if you can take over the young ten strokes." Chu Hongfei directly shot, a beautiful boxing Shi spread out against the Xu Tianyi madden away.However, that Xu Tianyi did not even hide and hide. His eyes were full of contempt. Until Chu Hongfei approached, he stepped forward one step and raised his hand.One shot, I saw a glimpse of blood floating in the sky, formerly stronger than the Tigers Chu Hongfei, at the moment as if the broken kite in general, inverted fly, eventually falling to the ground.A move, even with only one move!The first person in the Chu juniors, Chu Hongfei of the Lingwu Sixth, was even unable to stop the move of Xu Jiayu. This defeat was terrible."This is awesome. The young man named Xu Tianyi is actually a seven-person spiritual soldier.""At this age, it will reach this level. After that, it is not going to reverse the sky. This is the real genius."At this moment, there was a chaos on and off the court, and all sorts of exclamation were heard. People were stunned by Xu Tianyi's strength and were able to beat Chu Hongfei in one go. His strength was exposed."Is Xu Qiang's son so talented?"Chu Yuanba face pale, his mouth burst of convulsions, Chu Hongfei not only defeated, and defeated so thoroughly, all the people know this time, the Chu family juniors lost to juniors, and even people can not accept a move.This makes Chu Yuan Ba ​​feel no face, an old face has been thrown away, but he has any way, can not blame his grandson talent not? After all, there is no root in his Chu family."Hahaha, the Chu family is no exception."Xu Qiang took the arrogant laughter, led the Xu family and other people, and went to the stage where Xu Tianyi stood."Chu family, but there are still dared to fight with me?" However, Xu Tianyi is not surrenders, the contemptuous eyes, sweeping Chu junior.At this moment, despite the anger of everyone in the Chu family, no one dared to go forward and fight because when he knew that he was not an opponent, he would go forward and fight. He would only take advantage of his shame and make people more squished."Tianyi, forget, where the juniors of the Chu family are your opponents, you will spare them." Xu Qiang laughed and laughed, extremely ironic.“哼 哼 见 见 见 见 见 见 见 见 见 见 见 见 许 许 许 许 许 许 许 许 许 许 许 许.At this moment, a thunderous Limiao suddenly rang, and at the same time, a figure with a very beautiful curvature, soared into the sky, and finally fell steadily on the bucket."Chu Feng!" While watching the figure on the stage, everyone was surprised.“Feng Er is back.” Chu Yuan hurriedly shouted, fearing that Chu Feng would end up like Chu Hongfei."It's really shameful." The face of Chu Yuanba's face became even more intense. He felt that Chu Feng's behavior would only make him lose his face more thoroughly."Boy, what are you doing?" Xu Tianyi looked at Chu Feng with contempt, and did not put him in his eyes."Try to know." Chu Feng smiled calmly."Complete yourself." Xu Tianyi staturely forward a vertical position, suddenly a blast set off, blinked and came to Chu Feng in front, still the palm of the hand, aiming at that position, he wanted to make Chu Feng defeated. It was as miserable as Chu Hongfei.At this moment, some of the Chu family have turned their heads and could not bear to look. They are not distressed Chu Feng, but they do not want to see Chu Feng lose Chu family.“Yeah.” But as people thought that Chu Feng had to be undoubtedly defeated, Chu Feng was slightly on his side, easily avoiding Xu Tianyi’s attack, and then backhand and facing the door. Shoot it."This ..." Chu Feng's speed is too fast, this time the enemy's Xu Tian suddenly shocked, and quickly spread out the other hand, want to block the next Chu Feng.In the palm of Xu Tianyi's hand, when the palm of Chu Feng was just about to be touched, Chu Feng's palm actually changed and eventually disappeared."Oh, this is actually a profound military technique." The old and spicy experience made Xu Tianyi react, but it was too late because Chu Feng's imaginary palm was firmly shot in the chest of Xu Tianyi. on."Treading..."He hit a hand and Xu Tianyi stepped back a few times, a powerful force, almost did not let him fall than the bucket."Look at it, then Chu Feng actually hit Xu Tianyi.""Awesome tools have actually been discussed in the hands of Lingwu Qizhong."Exclaimed, everyone felt incomprehensible. Even the Chu family members who hated Chu Feng could not help but widen their eyes. Their faces shook.That trick defeated Chu Hongfei's method of mastery. Not only was Chu Feng escaped, but Chu Feng was in the palm. What does this mean? This at least shows that Chu Feng's strength is far stronger than Chu Hongfei.Not to mention others, even Chu Yuanba, who was still angry at the time, has become dignified at this moment. His eyes are full of surprises."There are some means, but this time I will not stay.""Hey," Xu Tianyi suddenly stepped forward, even more than the bucket was a slight trembling step on him, a strong impulse so that he came to Chufeng again.With his arms wide open, the shadows of heaven and earth are entrained with gusty winds. They have been flying in the air like rainstorm pears.The people were shocked. They already saw that Xu Tianyi's display of the three-piece Wuji technique was already a great accomplishment. This kind of martial arts, combined with his strength, could not have been resisted by Chu Feng.What can be unexpected is that in the face of Xu Tianyi’s fierce offensive, Chu Feng retreats into her arms and shakes her arms.Each of the palms shadows is truly incomparable, setting the eye on it, as if it were Chu Feng's body. There are countless arms growing up, and the momentum is even stronger than that of Xu Tianyi."The number of fists" is equal to the number of palms, and the two are fighting one at a time.This time, the crowd boiled again. If only Chu Feng mastered the three paragraphs of martial arts, then it would be enough.But he was able to use the three paragraphs of martial arts to such a point, and he had to play with Xu Tianyi. He must know that he can only be a six-armed soldier, and his opponent is a seven-armed soldier."This ... Chu Feng actually mastered this martial arts." After a long time of observation, Chu Wei suddenly realized that the shock on the face suddenly rich."Weier, what kind of martial arts Chu Feng is showing?" Suddenly, an old man's voice was heard by Chu Wei and looked up.Chu Yuanba's face was also shocked, but he looked in to Chu Feng's eyes, but was filled with eyes longing for answers.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!