The thirty-seventh chapter shocked the audience as a Yuanwujing master, Chu Yuan Ba ​​discovered that, although Chu Feng is also displayed in three sections of martial arts, but it is much more mysterious Xuan Tian Xuan.According to his experience, this kind of martial arts is extremely difficult to cultivate. Chu Feng, apparently, has been repaired to greatness. Therefore, he is shocked and he would like to know what this martial art is."Grandpa, if I have not guessed correctly, what Chu Feng has shown is among the inside of my Qinglongzong ancestral, the most difficult martial arts practice and illusionary palm." Chu Wei's dignified way."What? It was the entire inner door, the most difficult martial arts to practice, think of this kid so powerful!" Chu Yuan Pa blew a cool breath."More than just Grandpa, my inner door assessment this time saw the emergence of a deaf monk with forty beasts, and before all the disciples arrived, they killed all the beasts and took away the first prize. .""And we guessed that this monk is likely to be Chu Feng." Chu Wei continued to tell.After listening to Chu Wei's remarks, Chu Yuanba’s face changed again and he couldn't speak with astonishment. He soon turned his gaze to Chu Feng, but his look had become completely different.At this moment, he had an idea in his mind. Perhaps Chu Feng could really recover the face of the Chu family.Before this, he never thought that the face of the Chu family would be restored by the child one day. After all, Chu Feng was not the kind of Chu family, but Chu Feng was his only hope right now.Chu Feng and Xu Tianyi were at war with each other and it was difficult to distinguish them. It seems that the outsiders are comparable, but Xu Tianyi, one of them, can be depressed.With his strength, to display this martial arts, not only can not suppress Chu Feng, but only tied.And after several rounds, he was already out of breath, but when he looked at Chu Feng again, he couldn't change his face. This product was simply not known to be tired."No, this boy is procrastinating with me and wants to use up my physical strength." Xu Tianyi felt wrong, secretly said: "It seems that we must be quick-fixed."Thought of this, Xu Tianyi is not sloppy, a change in style, a majestic breath, it was distributed from the body out, the momentum of the entire people is completely different.When he reappears, Chu Feng can feel that the feet of the bucket are shaking fiercely, and that Xu Tianyi's fists are covered with a layer of silver-white color, like steel casting, with There is no impenetrable atmosphere, and the front hits.Looking at the forces that broke out in the field of Xu Tianyi, people were all face-changed, even the face of Chu Yuanba who had just been gentle, and his expression changed again.This is not an ordinary disciple who can cultivate. There are so many forces in the entire Yanwu field. So many people believe that no one can master the four sections of martial arts, even the Chu Yuan Ba.The reason is very simple. Those who can cultivate the four sections of martial arts are sure to be those who have cultivated the doors of Sungmun. The achievements of that day will not be limited to these small places.Moreover, the four-segment martial arts is not only difficult to obtain, it is even more difficult to cultivate, and many people can't comprehend the esotericity even if they get the four-piece martial arts. However, when Xu Tianyi is at such an old age, he has mastered four sections of martial arts. Shock.Although he still did not fully use the power of the four-piece martial arts, it is an incredible ability to master this level.Lost, Chu Feng defeated, this is the voice of countless people, but it also felt that Chu Feng lost, because not too weak, but his opponent is too strong.After all, Chu Feng’s age is still young, and he can use Xu’s strength to push Xu Tianyi to this level, which has already demonstrated his talent. If he is old with Xu Tianyi, then the outcome may be Really unknown.So although people all feel that Chu Feng is undoubtedly defeated, no one can laugh at Chu Feng’s heart because Chu Feng is also a genius in their hearts.But at this time, Chu Feng actually moved a change, put away that covered with palm shadows, in exchange for even after all, like the wind generally escaped the attack of Xu Tianyi.Then the figure revolved, and when the hurricane sprang up, it was a bit of a flash of thunder and lightning. This kind of momentum was only stronger than that of Xu Tianyi."Oh my God, this is actually four paragraphs of martial arts. This Chu Feng will even have four paragraphs of martial arts."If you say that the previous Xu Tianyi shocked people, then Chu Feng at the moment is simply making people crazy.At the age of fifteen, Liu Wu’s strength and mastery of four-piece martial arts are simply counter-natural.However, the most incredible, but still behind...Chu Feng whip a slap out of the leg suddenly, with a ring of Lei Guang, they swept away to Xu Tianyi."Hateful." Xu Tianyi dared not neglect, hurried back to block, because he can feel Chu Feng this whip legs how tough.“唰” can make him think that is, Chu Feng actually whip the whip legs like lightning, a change of angle, actually kicked out, kicked at his waist.Everything came so fast that Xu Tianyi had not responded. Chu Feng's kick had been kicked by his knees. He only heard a click and Xu Tianyi flew out. It fell to the bottom of the bucket.When Tian Yi saw this, Xu Qiang and others were shocked and rushed forward to help."Don't move," Xu Tianyi yelled, but said in pain: "I am broken, my waist is broken."The audience was shaken. Xu Tian was defeated. A first-class disciple, a juvenile young soldier, was defeated and lost to a teenager who was at least two years younger than him and still was a six-year-old soldier. .Suddenly, the people in the auditorium all stood up. The thunderous applause rang out. Some people even cheered and shouted Chu Feng's name.People can't really control their emotions. A teenager who is only fifteen, but has a spiritual and spiritual six-pronged cultivation, masters four sections of martial arts skills, and defeats Lingwu's seven heavy opponents. This can no longer be called a genius. It's just enchanting.This battle is really wonderful. Even though the final fight is only between the electric and the light and the flint, it still allows people to watch it with pleasure and excitement."The Chu family actually appeared such an enchantment. It seems that in the future, it must compete with the Chu family."Some people are already secretly determined to make a lot of contacts with the Chu family, not because of anything else, but because of the Chu family there is an enchanting Chu Feng.The Chu family with such figures is just a matter of time. At that time, even if they want to make ends meet, they will not be able to make ends meet.Therefore, many people have taken a fancy to the opportunity in front of them and feel that as long as they now have a good relationship with the Chu family, they may be able to rely on giants in the future.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!