The thirty-eighth chapter famous Baili (Gai more 26) Chu Feng jumped from the scales, and did not enjoy the applause and cheers, but out of Yanwu straight away.Looking at the back of Chu Feng’s departure, people were at a loss and only Chu Yuanba whispered: “It seems that this little guy has deep grievances.”After leaving Yanwu Stadium, Chu Feng came to the room of Chu Guyu. Chu Hongfei's punch was very vicious. He would not be too light to play with Chu Yushui. He fell into a coma for two hours before gradually recovering."My brother, what happened outside, how so noisy?" Chu Guyu did not know what happened in Yanwu."Nothing." Chu Feng smiled very calmly."Oh, maybe it was the uncle who became the owner of the house. It's useless to blame me. If I can win, my father can...." Chu solitary remorse."It's solitary, not better?"At this time, Chu Yuan Pa came in and followed him with Chu Yuan, Chu Renyi, Chu Nanshan and other Chu people with higher status."Grandpa, I'm fine." When I met Chu Yuanba, Chu Guyu rushed to sit up. He didn't dare to neglect this grandfather."It's okay to be fine." Chu Yuanba sneered and his face showed a rare kindness, and then he made a note on Chu Nanshan behind him.Upon seeing this, Chu Nanshan had some embarrassing remarks: "It's sorrow and rain. All blame Hong Fei for the child's ability to get his hands out of proportions, but you also go to your heart, because now he has suffered more serious injuries than you.""What? Chu Hongfei also got hurt?""Oh.." Chu Nanshan did not speak again with a wry smile. Instead, he looked at Chu Feng with deep meaning.Along the eyes of Chu Nanshan, Chu Guyu had a glimpse of what he was thinking of immediately. His face suddenly became more amazed, and at this time, Chu Yuanba was open."Feng Er, thanks to you today, or I Chu family's face, really want to be trampled by his Xu." Chu Yuanba voicing, removed from the arms of ten faeries handed Chu Feng."This..." When it was seen, all people were guilty. To know the first place of the race, only two faeries were rewarded. But at the moment, Chu Yuan Pa actually took out ten strains. This is a Not a small number."Grandpa, what do you mean?" Chu Feng's pretend puzzlement."This is what you deserve, accept it, I can comfortably accept it." When he said this, Chu Yuanba apologized.Although he was not sad about Chu Feng, he could face the situation where Chu Feng was bullied by the Chu family. He never interfered. As for the reason, it is because he does not like Chu Feng in his heart.However, today, if not Chu Feng shot, he Chu family will become a laughing stock, is also due to Chu Feng shot, making the Chu family face doubled.Even at the very beginning, there were already many groups of people who showed their goodness to the Chu family, and the Chu Yuan Ba ​​knew that this was all due to Chu Feng. It was precisely because of this that it made the Chu Yuan tyrants feel even more embarrassed by Chu Feng. ."Fenger." See Chu Feng even hesitated, Chu Yuan hurriedly advised."Thank you Grandpa." Chu Feng took the Faerie, but his face was not smiling.For Chu Feng’s move, Chu Yuanba did not mind but he was very happy. He turned to Chu Yuan and said: “After Feng Ye’s cultivation allowance, there are five Faeries.”Chu Yuanba's words came out, not to mention others, even Chu Yuan is also very surprised, but this treatment has never been, Chu Yuan Pa is obviously to focus on training Chu Feng.Although at the moment Chu Nanshan and others are very unhappy, but they dare not say anything, because in the Chu family, the Chu Yuan Pa is the day. Even if the new owner is replaced, the Chu Yuan Pa is the real leader of the Chu family."You and your father and three people talk about it, remembering that we must adjust the solitary rain. Although we now have a family leader, we cannot ignore our affection.""I know my father." Chu Yuan said.Chu Yuanba looked at Chu Feng again, looking at the icy face of Chu Feng, and Chu Yuan’s grinning smile led the crowd to leave."Father, you see what attitude of Chu Feng is really used to him ..." Just out of the courtyard, Chu Nanshan accused Chu Feng."Shut up!" However, in return, it was Chu Yuanba's rant, and his face was cold and directed at everyone, an extremely dignified way:"A few of you listened to me. I don't want to hear it from now on. Someone said that Feng was not.""If I hear it again, no matter who I am, I will dispose of it."After hearing this, the faces of Chu Nanshan and others were all pale and they dared not say any more because they all knew that in the Chu family at the future, I am afraid that they could no longer offend Chu Feng.“Father, did you become the owner?” Chu Feng was surprised in the room."Yeah, you can win this main place, thanks to your baby son." Chu Yuan is also smiling: "I can't think of your kid, hidden so deep!""Oh." In the face of his father's compliments, Chu Feng laughed very happily. The reason why he worked so hard was to become the pride of Chu Yuan. Today, his wish seems to have been fulfilled."Father, brother, what's going on here?" Finally, Chu, a somber fog, spoke.Upon seeing this, Chu Yuan first smiled. This will tell the story of the Wuwu Field, and details the rain of Chu Guyu again. After Chu Feng left, the people of the Xu family fled and fled. Chu Yuanba announced in public that Chu Yuan inherited the family. The position, as well as the forces of the parties to the Chu family and so on.....After learning everything, Chu Guyu’s mouth was open and he couldn’t speak with astonishment. Looking at Chu Feng’s eyes became extremely complicated. He never thought that his younger brother would be so good. .However, as the big brother of Chu Feng, he was really happy for Chu Feng because he knew that his brother no longer needed him to protect him.The clan will end, Chu Feng has become a hundred miles, the biggest hot topic, many people know that the Chu family had a fifteen-year-old Xiuwu genius.Some people even crushed Chu Feng’s blows, saying that they would crush it better than the buckets and set off a gust of wind at a glance. It became a myth. This led some people to start wondering whether Chu Feng was still a human being. In any case, Chu Feng is obviously the most striking focus of this reliance.Especially in the Chu family, under the coercion of Chu Yuanba, everyone dared not say bad things about Chu Feng, and even dared not to be disrespectful to Chu Feng, but had to have a new understanding and attitude towards Chu Feng.On this day, Chu Feng and others returned to Qinglong Zong. At the time of leaving, he gave a piece of paper to Chu Guyu, so that Chu Guyu must wait for him to leave before opening."There is something under your pillow...."This is the content of the note. Looking at Chu Feng and others who have been riding away from the fast horse, Chu but shook his head helplessly, do not know their own brother, what circle with him.After returning to the room, he opened the pillow with curiosity, but it didn't matter. The calm and calm face of Chu Yuyu suddenly rippled, because under the pillow, there were ten faeries under the pillow. .This number is not a big deal for Chufeng who has refined two Lingzhus and dozens of fabulous plants. However, for Chu Guyu, this is definitely a large number."Oh.." After the shock, Chu Guyu suddenly smiled. He looked in the direction of Qing Longzong and whispered: "It seems that I am the elder brother and I really need to rely on this younger brother."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!