The thirty-ninth chapter shows the strength (Jiagen 27) Chu Feng made great contributions to the Chu family, and the Chu Yuan tyrant had to focus on training in Chufeng. This is what the Chu family members are known to all, so people’s attitude towards Chu Feng, It is also a qualitative change.On the way to the return of Qingfeng in Qingfeng, Chu Feng’s juniors, who were previously hostile to Chu Feng, also began to take the initiative with Chu Feng. However, besides Chu Yue, Chu Feng’s attitude towards them can only be considered lukewarm.Looking at Chu Feng and Chuyue, he talked and laughed. There were many people who played and played. Many people were envious of Chuyue. They also regretted what Chu Feng had done.Others have even destroyed the intestines, but they can only regret it, because the only thing in the world that does not have is to regret medicine."Chu Yuejie, there is something I remember coming to me. My house knows you."After arriving in Qinglong Zong, Chu Feng only said goodbye to Chuyue. He did not care about other people's feelings and he swaggered and left.Looking at the back of Chu Feng's departure, Chu Wei has a complex look. He would like to say to Chu Feng: “Chu Fengdi, join the Chu League. If you can, the leader of this ally will do it for you.”But he couldn't say it because he knew he didn't say anything. He also knew that even if he said, Chu Feng would not join.Because even he felt that the Chu League was unworthy of Chu Feng and was able to defeat Chufeng's seven-fold Chufeng. Even if it was placed on the entire inner door, it could definitely be regarded as outstanding.Chu Feng did not go directly to his own residence, but came to the inner door to receive the task.The inner-door disciples are relatively free, but the reason why many people are willing to stay in the culti-vares is because Qinglong Zong can provide them with a lot of cultivation resources.In addition to the annual elixir hunting, this task can be said to be the only way for disciples to obtain cultivation resources.As the name suggests, this so-called task collection is to receive a variety of tasks and receive corresponding rewards upon completion.The task is light and heavy, small to find items for the people, escort, large to hunted evil beasts, help people fight, as the rewards of the task, is naturally linked with the difficulty."How are all such simple tasks." Chu Feng stood in the main hall of the reception area, holding his chin in his hands, and sifted back and forth across the various task cards that were hung on the task list. However, he had not seen him for a long time. of.Because of the Shen Lei in the body, Chu Feng now wants to improve cultivation, and the aura needed is getting bigger and bigger. It is no longer just a few faeries.Therefore, Chu Feng put the current goal on Lingzhu, but looking over the entire task list, the highest task reward, it is only a few faeries, Lingzhu? Just do not want to think."Oh, it seems that there's only a lot to accumulate." Thought of this, Chu Feng made a crazy decision. He threw up his arms, and faced the task card on the task list. To get the difficult task of the fairy spirits, he was caught in his hands."I lean on. See what the kid is doing. Is he crazy?""On my day, isn't this kid going to mess?"The actions of Chu Feng undoubtedly caused people's attention. In their eyes, Chu Feng is at such an old age that it is at best only the strength of the four forces of the agnate force. The kind of difficult task must be completed at least with the six awesomeness of the aura. It is not he can do at all. People arrived at the consensus that Chu Feng was either mad or turbulent.However, after all, the difficult task was limited. After all the missions to obtain the fairy spirits had been retired, Chu Feng once again set his sights on the task of medium difficulty.If we say that Chu Feng’s crazy removal of difficult task cards only caused people to crowd around, then Chu Feng extended his hand to the medium-level task cards, which could have brought people hatred."Hey! Why are you kid, is it sick?" Suddenly, it snapped.Chu Feng brow wrinkled, looked to the people who criticized him, and discovered that he actually knew, but he joined the inner door assessment together with him, and was also strongly viewed by people, Duan Yuxuan.Duan Yuxuan at the moment, his face is very ugly, he struggled for a long time to find a hard-won task, but could not think of being taken by Chu Feng.If you say, Chu Feng really is the task that is right, but Chu Feng is obviously not, so this makes Duan Yuxuan can not stand it."You are jealous of me?" Chu Feng asked calmly."What the hell are you doing, are you sick or not, thinking that this is your home? If you have such a task, I think you are just trying to mess up....""Yu" Duan Yuxuan's words have not yet been said, and a loud slap in the face will fall on his face.That powerful force allowed Duan Yuxuan to feel the body floating. The whole person flew up. When he fell to the ground, he cheeked a mouth and actually highlighted three big teeth in one breath.The people onlookers were stunned, because in the past, all people could feel that this humble boy was a master of awesomeness and eloquence, and it was simply breathtaking.Lingwu Sixth, although not the strongest among the inner doors, but this age will be able to reach the six levels of Lingwu, it is absolutely eye-popping, you should know that the dragon brother and brother in the wing alliance, but also only the Lingwu six It is just a matter of weight, and the youth in front of him is obviously tougher than the brothers and brothers of the Dragon brother.For the people's frightened eyes, Chu Feng ignored it. Instead, he packed a large number of task tokens into the parcel of his shoulders, pointing to Duan Yuxuan of the ground:“After talking to you, I’d like to get as many tasks as I’d like to receive.After completing this sentence, Chu Feng will be smart to leave. With his current strength, the people of Lingwu Qizhong are not enough to see before him. Even if they are faced with the elite of Wujin, they can fight as long as they show their full strength.As far as he knows, among the entire inner doors, the most powerful one seems to be only the emperor. The number of such figures is no more than ten people. Therefore, there are no characters in the inner door that he fears.Moreover, after having contacted the Soviet Union and the United States, he no longer feared that people would doubt his cultivation aptitude because of his special body.After all, among the inner doors, there are geniuses like the Soviet Union and the United States. One can imagine how many more powerful heavens there will be in Qinglong, Qingzhou, and even the whole territory of Kyushu. With the gifts he now shows, It is not at all doubtful.Therefore, Chu Feng felt that he did not need to retain his strength until now, at least not to bow to others.Because, after experiencing the Chu family meeting, Chu Feng also found a reason. Only powerful strength can make people learn to respect themselves. Therefore, from now on, he will no longer have any disrespect for him. A trace of politeness."Who is this kid, just terrible momentum. He did not seem to have heard of his name before." Looking at the cool back of Chu Feng, people talked about it."I know who he is. He called Chu Feng. He was the one who refused the Wingmen's invitation some time ago." At this moment, someone actually shouted loudly, and when this is said, the crowd is a piece of it. Amazed.As for Duan Yuxuan, who was lying on the ground, it was a while later that he was a six-in-one person with Ling Wu and behind him who also had Wing League as the backstage, but he was not able to offend him.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!