The fourth chapter The vicious animal is still brutal (plus 2) For the name of the savage beast, Chu Feng has heard of it.It is a kind of monster that can be cultivated. It is divided into nine steps from weak to strong, and corresponds to the martial-art of Shigetsu.However, it is said that the strength of the third-order savage beasts can be far stronger than the military's triple-armed martial-arts cultivators, and they can even compete with the elite fighter.Therefore, even if Chu Feng does not dare to care about it, he knows there are organs, as long as the triggering savage beast will show up.Suddenly, a whisper came and a stone gate that held the beast was opening."Strangely, I have not yet entered the hall. How did Shemen open?" Chu Feng was surprised."Well ..." followed closely. There were a total of 40 stone gates on both sides of the main hall.This Chufeng was dumbfounded, because in those dark stone gates, a pair of red blood eyes have opened, and a strong murderous gas filled the entire hall."I fuck, isn't it playing me?" Chu Feng shouted. He clearly heard that the last pass of each assessment was a savage beast, but how it is now."Hey ~ ~ ~" But now, Chu Feng did not have time to think too much, because the dense figure has been pulled out of the Shimen, into the hall.He can clearly see that this group of monsters looks like tigers, but they are twice as big as tigers.The body was dark, and only the sharp claws and fangs of the blade were visible, and the pair of blood-red eyes.A total of forty savage beasts, their appearance is not the same, should be the same species, but after careful observation Chu Feng found that their forehead has strange lines, apparently that they are the signs of such orders."Wow 喔 喔 ~" At this moment, a fierce beast shouted, actually turned his eyes to the high platform in the depths of the hall.At the same time, the sight of all the beasts has been directed toward the high platform and has revealed a coveted color."Come on, you gangsters." Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was furious. With such treasures, how could he allow these beasts to enjoy and roar and rush to the high platform?“呜嗷” and just entered the hall in Chufeng, they quickly caught the attention of the beasts.This can be reconciled. Forty beasts are enough to abandon the magical spirits at the same time. All of them are besieged by Chufeng. It seems that for them, human flesh and blood are more tempting than the elixir.“Go away.” A second-order savage beast came on the front, but Chu Feng just punched and explode its head, which was totally untenable.At the same time, however, a number of savage beasts were already siege. The terrible murderousness was enough to scare a person to tremble.However, Chu Feng was not afraid. He was as vigorous as a monkey, and he shuttled in the savage beast with his left and right leaps. Every time he took a trick, there must be a murderous animal.At this moment, Chu Feng is more like a terrible monster than a brutal beast. His body is an indestructible weapon everywhere, and even if the savage beast is rough, it cannot withstand him. one strike.At this moment, Chu Feng can feel that there is more than heaven and earth in his body, and that he also loves and hates the nine-coloured god mine. It is this god mine who gives him such a powerful force and puts him physically. Forging perfect.“吼” can be killed when Chu Feng's jealousy, suddenly came behind a harsh shouting.He turned around and he could not help but be shocked. A huge claw of a savage animal was caught on his head.This giant claw is different from the others and is not as powerful as any other beast. If it is caught by it, the head must be crushed."Hey." Chu Feng subconsciously will be back, want to escape this giant claw.However, the speed of the giant claw is too fast, Chu Feng's head escaped the attack, but it was caught in the Chu Feng's chest."Hey ah ~ ~" chest was torn out five bloody wounds, fatal pain made Chu Feng could not help shouting."I want to tear you away." However, apart from the pain, Chu Feng was more angry.He had already seen that the attacking animal had four lines on his forehead and it was a fourth-order beast.In other words, it is the others who will surely turn around and run, because even if it is the same realm, the power of the beast is definitely stronger than humans.Not only did Chu Feng not run away, but he rushed to the savage animal in a crazy manner. His disobedient move, even the unscrupulous beasts, was a subconscious glance.However, it was the hard work of the savage beast. Chu Feng punched his forehead firmly.Unexpected splashes of blood, but heard a loud noise such as steel collision.Even Chu Feng felt a fistful of numbness, as if his punch was not on the head of the savage beast but on the wall of iron.However, Chu Feng's fist is also a trivial matter. The screaming grief of the savage beast is actually a few steps back. Obviously it is also a pain.Seeing that his attack still has a role, Chu Feng no longer left his hand and picked up his arm. The shadows of the sky began to fly around. Heavy fists were like heavy rain, and they continued to squat on the beast.It must be said that Chu Feng's explosive power is too strong. Under his crazy attack, the savage beast that is several times bigger than he has even retreated and even wanted to attack his savage beast. , to kill alive.In the end, a total of forty killing beasts were all hit by the land. Most of them were head and shoulders and were extremely violent.Although the body of the fourth-order savage beast is still intact, but the huge head is also beaten by Chu Feng."Chu Huhu" Chu Feng at the moment, standing in a pool of blood, breathing heavily.After a bloody battle, his body made a few more shocking wounds, but none of them were fatal. In addition to the attack of the fourth-order savage beast, the wounds caused by other savage beasts were only simple skin injuries. Into the meat."How tough is my fear body?"This is what Chu Feng asked himself. Compared to those savage beasts, he feels more like reinforced steel.This kind of body is simply beyond the limits of humanity. He once again recognizes his own particularity.Looking around, Chu Feng jumped onto the platform and he did not see it. He took the martial arts and faerie grass into his arms.After this, Chu Feng did not open the closed door, but instead returned when he came and walked into the system.However, just after the Chu Feng left, he closed the stone room of the savage beast and he walked out more than a dozen figures. It was Su Lu.At this moment, whether it is Su Lu or the group of elderly elders, their looks are very weird.Although only to see, Chu Feng against the dead fourth-order savage beast, constantly turning his fist.But as long as you think, so many powerful savage beasts were actually killed by a teenager. They still feel unbelievable."Elder Elder, who is the child?" Su Rou asked.Elder Li did not answer, but instead looked at the other elders behind him, but the elders made a shake of their heads."If you are such a good disciple, you don't even know what his name is?" Su Rou's brows are slightly unpleasant."There are too many disciples outside. If he intends to retain his strength, we also ....." Elder Elder was also helpless."Forget it. Check out his details as soon as possible and tell me.""Also, since he didn't want to expose his cultivation, then as he wished, don't let him know. We understand his strength." Su Lu said."According to life." Li Elder and others respectfully and resolutely, for the elders inside the door, they dare not disrespect.Su Rou looked at it with deep meaning again. Chu Feng left the direction and this thoughtfully entered the stone room.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!