In the fortieth chapter, I was Su Meixin (Gai 28). “Get away from me and dare to block the path of Miss Ben. I will abandon you.” Ke Chufeng just stepped out of the mission and heard a sharp sound. Girl voice.After listening to this voice, Chu Feng could not help but be surprised. He thought it was something Su Mei had encountered. He quickly walked in the direction of the sound.Sure enough, not far away, found the figure of the Soviet Union and the United States, but now Su Mei's side, but also surrounded by more than a dozen Kendo League people.They did not hide their breath, so Chu Feng was able to clearly sense that the strength of these dozens of people was mostly in the aura of Wuwu, and the strongest was a teenager, but it was the strength of Lieutenant Liu.It was a tall, young boy. He had a white face and a wide eyebrow. He was a standard white face. At the moment, he was facing the evil laugh of the Soviet Union and the United States. Nima, a member of the Kendo League, even trumped Su Mi in public. .However, due to the special identity of the Soviet Union and the United States, the man with white-faced flirting had a very high level of proficiency. Therefore, the Soviet Union and the United States were extremely unhappy and had a great tendency to worry about it.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng, who wanted to step forward, immediately stopped the pace because he knew the strength of the Soviet Union and the United States, but it was a seven-fold reincarnation. These few people dared to entanglement the Soviet Union and the United States.However, it is clear that this girl still does not want to expose his own strength, is fighting back with no shots, so Chu Feng simply join the crowd to see the lively, heart smile: "I see you this girl, can endure how long.""Suemei's girl, I really like you in Jianchen. Can't you give me a chance?""What's more, in the entire inner door, on the family room, on the strength, on the appearance, in addition to my sword, who can match you?"The white-faced man named Jianchen was full of affectionate expressions of white, and a pair of thief eyes aimed at the Soviet Union to aim at them. They couldn't help but lick their lips."You ....." Su Mei's patience is clearly at its limit. What she can't stand is to be entangled.However, when she was about to erupt, she suddenly saw a familiar figure in the crowd, suddenly he had an inspiration and put away the angry look. Some embarrassedly said to Jian Chen: "Actually, I already have a good heart. ”"What? You are a good man? Who is it?" And when Su Mei heard this, the sword seems to have been hit by a huge blow and suddenly becomes excited.Sumei, on the other hand, proudly smiled, and randomly turned his attention to the crowd. He said in an extremely gentle tone: "My dear, if someone bullies me, will you just watch?" And the person she was looking at It is Chufeng among the crowd.“I did it,” Chu Feng screamed. He couldn’t think of being discovered so quickly by Su Mei, and he was also put in place. Su Mei obviously wanted to use him as a shield!Although the heart is not good, can be used as a man, in the face of the eyes that come together in all directions, how can Chu Feng retreat, not to mention he was originally intended to rescue Soviet United States."Baby, I just arrived. Which Bastard bullied you. I helped you to teach him." Chu Feng pretended to be out of the crowd, came to the Soviet Union and the United States, he smiled evil and made a stunned move.With a big wave of his hand, a gust of wind swept away, and Su Mei and his delicate little beauty took it into his arms.This scene can be described as stunned. People open their mouths one after another. Some people even drop their eyes.Who is Sumei? The inner door is simply a genius nobody knows nobody knows. The famous beauty, despite not many people met her, but anyone who has seen her will be charmed by her beauty. .Many people even consider her to be the goddess of the heart, and those with superb strength and strong backgrounds have even started to pursue the offensive against the Soviet Union. In fact, this sword is just one of them."You ...." In front of so many people were eaten tofu, Su Mei is angry too.However, taking into account his own thoughts, it is still holding back the anger, not only did not attack, but instead of a touch of happiness filled the ocean, the bird was contained in Chu Feng's arms.At this moment, Chu Feng could feel that the two groups were softly affixed to their chests. The feeling of comfortableness suddenly made him hit a kicker. Then he could not help but hug the arms of Su Mi in the arms and enjoy it. Kind of soft."Fuck, who are you?"His own goddess was embraced by others in front of herself. The Jianchen only felt anger and attacking spirits."Who am I? I am Sumerian's sweetheart." Chu Feng raised his head and said proudly."You fucking eggs.." Sumei's heart roared, because people can hear the meaning of Chu Feng's words. What he meant was that Su Mei was obviously affixed to him."Damn, I'll abandon you." Jian Chen finally broke out. Pulling out the mysterious iron sword behind him, he would stab it against Chu Feng."My dear, help me to teach him."However, to make Chu Feng speechless, this little bird is inhuman and Sumei actually pushes him out, and that force is enough to go straight to Jianchen's Jianfeng. This is simply Chufeng’s account for her. Perform naked revenge wow.However, what strength is Chu Feng now?Chu Feng's body shape side, will escape that Jianchen's attack, and then lifted his leg, directly to the individual's Yang Jian turned the sword."Kid, you find death" saw the situation, the remaining dozen members of the Kendo League, are waving the mysterious iron sword, mercilessly slashed against Chu Feng.However, where they are opponents of Chu Feng, only blink of an eye, a full dozen people, all the blood hitting the nose of the Chu Feng hit the blood, covered in bruise, rolling over the ground mourning up."Stepping on," Chu Feng stepped on the body of the Jian Chen. Domineering said: "I'll dare to harass my baby later, and I'll kill your teeth."Afterwards, Chu Feng grinned and came to Sumei, who was unkindly took Sumei in his arms. "Say, baby to my seat." Then shuddered to his house. go with."Who is this kid? It's even with Sumei....."Looking at the images of the two people who are leaving together, people can also hear the heartbreak sounds of Montreal.Along the way, Chu Feng was very impolite. He tightly embraced the Soviet Union and the United States. He did not care about the Soviet Union's supercilious eyes on her, and the little hand who secretly clutched his arm.Chu Feng's idea is this: Even if I endure pain, I must also take up your money. This is not what I don't use. You take me as a shield."Trick or treat, you're enough."Just entered the house of Chu Feng, Su Mei will open Chu Feng, a blast passing, Su Mei a fierce after the legs, facing the Chu Feng will sweep over.Chu Feng was shocked because the Soviet Union and the United States were stronger than him in terms of speed and strength.This girl is actually an eight-in-one!This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!