Forty-first chapter of the big trouble to face such a powerful Soviet-US, Chu Feng could not escape, desperation, had to display the first three types of Thunder.As soon as this potential came out, Chu Feng seemed to be thunder and lightning, and the speed increased several times instantaneously. As light flew, he finally avoided the Soviet Union's attack."How can you be so strong with your girl?"Chu Feng was shocked. According to his estimation, even if he can't win, he can face at least one player.However, the previous Soviet-American offensive, obviously only an ordinary attack, but Chu Feng forced to display the Thunder three types, this ace means, this is simply beyond his imagination."Oh, do you think that only you have cultivated Xuan Gong?" Looking at the surprised Chu Feng, Su Mei disdainfully looked at Chu Feng and stopped using Chu Feng's hand. Instead, he sat in the chair of the hall. Picking up an apple, it's not as if she's a lady."Xuan Gong, have you practiced Xuan Gong?" Chu Feng was even more surprised.What Xuangong is, he naturally knows that Xuan Gong is a kind of exercise method. It is called Xuan Gong because of his mysteriousness.Mastering the methods of repairing martial arts can condense reiki. If the qualifications are good, it is entirely possible to break through to the territory of Yuanwu. However, only those who master the methods of repairing martial arts, Yuan Wuyi is the end point of his cultivation, just like Chu Feng’s grandfather Chu Yuan. Hegemony.Because Yuanwujing is a completely new realm, what is needed is no longer concise spirit, but Yuanli. Yuanli also exists in heaven and earth, but it is not that the Xiuwu method can be condensed.To consolidate Yuanli, only to cultivate Xuangong, but Xuangong is too precious, too rare, and it is said that there are only a few books in the Qinglong Emperor. In addition to the elders, only the core disciples can cultivate. .However, Sumei is an inner-door disciple. How could he practice it? unless......"Is it strange? Even if you have practiced Xuan Gong, can you not practice this lady?" Su Mei said.“Originally, this girl thought I had practiced Xuangong.” In Chu Feng's heart, he only heard the mysticism of Xuan Gong but he had never seen it before. But when he think about it, all his performances today are actually true to the rumors. The people who live in Xuangong are similar."Hey, what is your expression? Don't tell me that you haven't practiced Xuangong, but because you're so talented that you can be weak and strong.""I really did not practice Xuan Gong." Chu Feng said."You mean it?" Sumei came over."En." Chu Feng nodded.Sumei stared at Chufeng for a long time, just as he was looking for flaws in the lying of Chu Feng, but eventually he was surprised: "It seems that people who have spiritual power are really powerful. It is so powerful that they haven't practiced Xuan Gong. Did you practice it?”"Oh, what kind of things Xuangong, which is what I can practice." Chu Feng shook his head, if you can, he really wanted to see the so-called Xuan Gong.In particular, it was learned that Su Mei was able to advance rapidly because he had cultivated Xuan Gong. After he had cultivated such a strength, he was more than a few years long for that.Looking at the Chu Feng that reveals the yearning colors, Su Mei Liu is slightly wrinkled. It seems that he is making a difficult decision. After a moment, he said, "I can give you something.""Are you serious?" After hearing this, Chu Feng's look changed dramatically."I seem to lie to you?" Su beauty dignified."The price is to join my wing.""Why do you want me to join Wing Meng?""Because I want to draw you up. Now I'm in Wing Meng. Wing Meng is my snuggle force. So I think your joining can strengthen this power. In addition, you have no way out now.""What do you mean by this?" Chu Feng feels uneasy."Don't you know that the sword you just fought was the younger brother of the leader of the Kendo League?" Sumei smirked."You are a dead girl." Chu Feng suddenly realized that for a long time this gimmick not only used him as a shield, it was simply to make him and the ken with an alliance, and he could not solve the enmity.If he said that he had previously played only an ordinary member of the Kendo League, it may be that Kendo League is not able to pursue too much due to his strength.However, since Chu Feng is the brother of the alliance's younger brother, the Kendo League will surely pursue it, because it is not only related to the face, but also related to affection."I know that you have the spirit of fearlessness, but you have to think well, but you can be afraid, but your sister Chuyue Chu, those of you Chu family, they will not be afraid?" Su Mei Said again."I really look down on you." Chu Feng did not think that this girl knew him so clearly that he had inquired about his details, and he solemnly said: "But my answer is still that sentence. I refuse." ”"Chu Feng, are you too proud, too?" Sumei was anxious and was rejected at the expense of Xuan Gong. This made her unbearable."This is not a matter of pride and arrogance. It is just that I don't like other people threatening me. Let's go." Chu Feng waved her hand and was overshadowed by this girl. If Chu Feng is not angry, then it is not normal. .“砰” was just then. The door of the Chufeng Mansion was suddenly pushed open. Then Chu Gao stumbling and ran into it.Seeing Chu Feng was like seeing a savior, and shouted: “Master Chu Feng, go and save them, and I’m afraid it’s too late to be late.”"Chu Gao, what happened?" Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was shocked because he looked at the scarred appearance of Chu Gao and obviously suffered a fierce struggle."Master Chu Wei, Miss Chu and Missy ...." Chu Gao was so flustered that it was somewhat incoherent."Fastly take me through!" After hearing the word Chuyue, Chu Feng was too lazy to ask, taking advantage of Chu Gao and rushed out.However, before leaving, Chu Feng had a glimpse of the Soviet Union and the United States, because he felt that this is mostly the Kendo League came to the door."So soon to find the door?" Seeing this, Su Mei is also licking his lips, thinking for a moment, or follow up.On the way, they learned that Chu Gao was not originally met with the revenge of the Kendo League, but got into another league.Before Chu Feng left, Chu Wei and others met a fat man. The fat man saw the beauty of Chuyue and Chu Xue, and even went so far as to scold two people.Chu Wei et al. smashed the fat man, but he did not want to attract a group of Xiuwu masters. The original man who only had Xiu Wu’s triple weight was actually an allied ally. His men were not only crowded but also had many Master.Now that the Chu family has been arrested by him, Chu Gao is the only one to come out."Wait, you said that fat man, he is not called Liu Mang, and his alliance is called Liu Meng?" Su beauty asked."I don't know what he called, but his alliance is indeed called Liu Meng." Chu Gao replied.And at this moment, even Su Mi, who is not afraid of fearlessness, is Liu Mei's slight wrinkled, extremely dignified pair of Chu Fengdao:"Chu Feng, your family is in trouble!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!