In the forty-second chapter, with an enemy and one hundred, "What does this mean?" See Sumei's dignity. Chu Feng also realized that the group might not be simple."If I did not guess wrong, that fat man is called Liu Mang, although only the spiritual and military triple cultivation, but he is indeed the alliance of Liu Meng.""The Liu alliance is not simple. There are more than a hundred members in the league. There are also two elite players who are valiant in the seven leagues. Among the many leagues in the entire interior, at least, they can be ranked in the top 10.""And the waste of Liu Meng, the reason why so many people can be recruited, you know what he is relying on?""His grandfather, Liu Chengen, was the principal of Qinglongzong's internal punishments. He was in charge of the internal penalty system. Liu Mang was Liu Jia's 9th generation single pass, so his grandfather was extremely fond of him."“The reason why Liu Mang has such a charisma is naturally because of the relationship between his grandfather. Because inside the gate, any member of the Liu Meng League will not be held accountable for any mistake as long as he does not make life at the inner door. So this Liu Meng will be so rampant." Su Mei said."You said to me what these do?" Chu Feng eyes become dignified."This is not Liu Gong you can provoke, but as long as you join my wing alliance, I can help you." Sumei laughed."The same people, nothing is my Chu Feng can not provoke, in addition, you are mistaken, not that I Chu Feng to provoke him, but he provoked me Chu Feng.""As for your good intentions, I will be able to receive it. This is my family of Chu Feng. As a man, I want to handle it myself." After that, Chu Feng told Chu Gaochun: "Chu Gao, lead the way!""Yes," Chu Gao loudly asked, and he quickly rushed to the direction of Liu Mengmeng."This guy is really a quaint egg, it is simply oil and salt do not enter." Looking at the back of Chu Feng two, Su Mei gasping with a small mouth, but hesitation for a moment, or with the past.Somewhere in the inner door, there is a vast mansion. This is Liu Mang's residence and the headquarters of Liu Meng.At the moment, hundreds of internal disciples gathered outside the Liu Mengmeng, and the number of onlookers is still increasing, because there are dozens of internal disciples hung in front of Liu Meng’s door.They are full of blood, some people are already fainted, and these are Chu Wei, Chu Cheng, Chu Zhen, Chu people."Look, Liu Meng is demonstrating again. If you insult your fellow disciple, wouldn't anyone be in charge?""Whoever manages? The principal of the internal penalty is the pro-grandfather of Liu Mang. Whoever dares to control him in the inner door is simply the bully in the inner door!""Well, you all whisper. If you are heard by the Wingmen, those people are your end.""Oh, it's just a pity that the two young girls are so good looking, I am afraid they'll be ruined again by Liu Mang."The crowd of disciples who dare to anger is not shy to say that although the strength of many alliances in the Inner Mongolian League is not the strongest, his background is extremely deep."Damn, Liu Mang is dying."At this time, Chu Feng three rushed over and looked at the bloody Chu family. Chu Feng was unable to control his anger and rushed toward Liu Meng."Standing, Liu Meng headquarters, non-Liu Meng people are forbidden to enter." Seeing someone close, a member who guarded Liu Mengmen's door, sip up."I'll go to your mother." Chu Feng jumped up and kicked the man to the ground.Then, Chu Feng picked up his collar and punched three fists in front of his face. He blew the blood on his face and his nose went blind.Then Chu Feng waved his arm and tossed the man into the air like a sandbag. In a beautiful arc, he flew into Liu's courtyard."The people of Liu Meng gave me a good look. I'll send Chu Xuechu Snow to me, or I'll flatten you Liu Gong!"The voice of Chu Feng was like a thunderbolt. Nobody onlookers, even the people in the Liu's Office, could hear it clearly."I rely on. Who is that boy? How dare to provoke Liu Meng?""I don't know, I have never seen it, but looking at this age seems to be a new disciple this year.""It is really a newborn calf who is not afraid of the tiger and dare to challenge the entire Liu Meng alone. I think he is tired of living." Many people feel silent for Chu Feng's actions. They all feel that his behavior is similar to finding death.Sure enough, when the words of Chu Feng had just fallen, the door of the Liu Meng Prefecture's residence suddenly opened, and hundreds of people were full, and they rushed out in an aggressive manner.All these people have entered the youth. One individual is very tall and powerful, and all of his strength is not weak. The weakest is also the four emperors. The strongest is Lingwu Six."Where the little rabbit scorpion, dare to come to me and Liu Jun wilderness, gave me to waste him."One of them looked at the fall of the courtyard. The Liu Mengmeng, who was beaten with snotty eyes, was not frivolous. He rushed over against Chufeng."Today, dare to stand against me, your own risk."In the face of hundreds of Liu Meng’s members, furious Chu Feng not only did not flinch, but instead mad tigers jumped into the ranks of Liu’s army.Chu Feng was extremely hot and spicy. Everyone caught by him was injured and severed his bones. Whenever he was in a coma on the spot, he couldn’t match his blood.In front of him, no matter whether he was a four-in-one or a six-in-one of agitation, he was unable to stop his move. All the mourning rang in a moment."Oh my God, who is this guy? How can it be so powerful?""It's terrible. It's so pungent at such an age, and that kind of biting murder is just breathtaking and chilling."When Chu Feng broke into Liu’s alliance, he just let the Liu Meng defeat him in the blink of an eye. People were screaming at this, and even some of the people watching him were shivering.Among the hundreds of young men, there are still members of the Liu Meng who are frustrated. In front of Chufeng, they are simply a group of kind sheep.Because in front of the tiger, the wolf will become docile. In front of the devil, the wicked will become kind."This guy, I still underestimated him."In the corner of the United States and the United States, looking at the crowd in the crowd, Chu Feng, a pair of beautiful and faintly flashing, sweet face has become no longer calm.To avoid strength without mentioning, simply being so old, you can be so hot, and it will not be possible for Sumei to change it. After all, their age is still so small.However, Chu Feng did it. If he did not take into account the rules of Qinglong Zong, Su Mei did not doubt that Chu Feng would kill all these people.It is precisely because of this that it shows that Chu Feng's mind is still awake, able to maintain a sober spirit in such a furious situation, which more clearly shows the terrible of Chu Feng.If this is the case, if you grow up in the future, how much better? At this moment, Su Mei did have a new understanding of Chu Feng.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!