Chapter 43—A Killing God (Gama 29) “Oh, my two little beauties, see how you resist this time.”In a room in the Liu’s apartment, there was a puffy, fat, fat man who was looking at Chu and Chu in the bed.This is exactly the leader of Liu Meng, the notorious big color devil, Liu Mang.Both Chuyue and Chu Xue’s hands and feet were firmly tied to the bedside, and their mouths were sealed. The eyes were full of fear, and they shivered and frightened.In addition to the three of them, there are two young people standing in the room at the moment. Both of these are the masters of the seven qualias and the strongest presence of Liu Meng.It is also ridiculous to ask them why they are here. It is because Liu Mang’s strength is too weak to invade Chuyue and Chu Xue.Under compelling circumstances, they had to get rid of both Chu Xue and Chu Yue to facilitate Liu Man's actions.For this kind of bad thing, they can do less to help Liu Mang. Mostly Liu Manghuang, they can also taste the sweetness.So at the moment, they are not planning to leave. Instead, they are prepared to watch the reality show. When Liu Mang finishes, they also try something fresh.At this moment, there was another piercing scream coming out before this scream had been heard several times.This caused Liu Mang to frown slightly, and said to the two: "Let's see and call them almost on the line. Don't spoil the interest of Lao Tzu."See Liu Mang commanded that although the two were not willing, they had no choice but to turn downstairs to stop the Liu Mengmeng members and continue to beat the people who committed the crime.It may have just entered the main hall and only listened to the loud noise of “砰”. The gate of the house was actually knocked open, and a figure also flew in.The person who flew into the hall, the blood on his face, couldn't see who it was. But on that dress, he wrote a character Liu, as if they were members of the Liu Meng.Seeing that his own people were beaten in this way, the two immediately became angry. Although Liu Mang was the eldest of Liu Meng, in fact, they were the strongest of the Liu Meng.However, when they came to the door with imposing momentum and saw the scene behind the courtyard, even the two of them were stunned.At this moment, within the spacious courtyard of the Liumeng League, members of the Liu Meng are all lying on the ground. Each one is indifferent to the blood, and besides those who are dying, they are all rolling at the floor and mourn with great grief. It is very tragic.While Chu Feng is clutching a man's collar. Although the man is constantly asking for mercy, he is unmoved. He suddenly blows a punch, and only hears a click. The man's sternum is broken hard. .The man was slammed and died on the spot. Like the Scarecrow, he was thrown up by Chu Feng, and he fell a short distance away.In this regard, the previous 100 members of Liu Meng sieging Chufeng had all been defeated by Chu Feng.However, from his release to the end, this is only a short moment of effort. Such an outcome, people onlookers exclaimed.This is where a young teenager is simply a living killing God.Suddenly, at the entrance to the mansion, there was a loud cry, and it was a surprise to see everyone.Because people can feel that the breath that the two people exhale is seven-fold, and people know that Liu Jun’s strongest fighting strength has appeared.If we say that Chu Feng had previously played only shrimp and crabs, the top players are now faced with. Therefore, people are very much looking forward to what Chu Feng and the two will play against each other."Whoever I am, you will remember." Chu Feng slowly turned around, and put that murderous look into the two.When they saw the cold face of Chu Feng and his murderous eyes, the body could not help but tremble. They couldn't take a step back from their own control, and an unstoppable fear spread in their hearts.At this time, Chu Feng suddenly shot, stepping forward one step, such as from the arrow of the string in general, galloping into the sky, the whole person turned into a Lei Guang, and instantly came to two people.The two have not yet responded. They just felt the flash of Lei Guang flashing in front of him, and the blood in his chest surged. Then the blood was sprayed out and they were unable to plant on the ground."Oh my God, that kind of power is a four-piece Wuxi!""That kid actually would have four paragraphs of martial arts. How is this possible?""I know, I know. He is the champion of the insider's assessment this year, killing the savage beasts in an instant.""How could it be, how long did the internal door examination pass before he could grasp the four-piece Wuji so quickly!!!""Furthermore, his breath is clearly only six kinds of aura. How could he defeat two Lingwu Qizhong masters in a single blow? Isn't the four-piece Wuji really so scary?"The onlookers thoroughly bombed the pot. If Chu Feng had previously played against more than 100 people in the Liu Meng League, what he showed was his hot means. At this moment, what he showed was absolute strength.A person who does not dare to believe that a person who is capable of escaping people’s ability to withstand the extent that they can achieve this level is considered a true genius."It's really ignorance, a genius of the world, how can people understand."Su Mei glanced at the people who were shocked by the crowd and later looked at Chu Feng. It was discovered that Chu Feng had disappeared into the main hall of the mansion."Well, this guy is going to cause a disaster." Upon seeing this, Su Mei stature a vertical posture and rushed into the house."Baby, wait. I'll come with you."Still in that room, Liu Mang had stripped his clothes and revealed his disgusting body.His eyes staring at the bed of Chuyue and Chu Xue, shamelessly licking his lips, excitedly clutching his hands, and talking to the two can be rushed.“砰” may be at this time, a muffled sound came, Shun Liu Meng face to change greatly, scared eyes are almost falling out.Because he saw the door of the room, he came out of the frame and flew at him at the moment, and at that speed, he was already avoidable.A bang, the door slamming on Liu Mang's body, hit a smash, and Liu Mang was hit hard in the corner of the room, dizzy, covered with sawdust, was not light.As he slowly returned to his wakeful state, he discovered in horror that there was one more person in the room. He was standing in front of his eyes and staring at himself.Although this is only a teenager, the atmosphere that dreads him is distributed throughout his body and especially his eyes are as if they are permeated with red light. They are just like a devil.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!