The forty-fourth chapter of the catastrophe (plus 30) “You, who are you... Who are you?” This can scare Liu Mang. He keeps retreating, but it is already at the corner. There is no way at all. Retreat.However, Chu Feng, apart from anything else, took a direct shot. As soon as one of the palms was caught as an eagle, he went straight to Liu Mang's lower body, and he caught Liu Meng's fate."Say, how many girls did you spoil this thing?" Chu Feng suddenly smiled, and it was very strange to laugh.However, Liu Mang obviously did not respond, see Chu Feng smile, thought it was a turn for the better, suddenly came the momentum, shouted:"Why do you ask this, do you know who I am? If you dare touch me, I'll kill you!""Why not, just from today onwards, you can only ponder the bad girl before." Then the words, Chu Feng's single palm suddenly clenched."Chu Feng stopped!" At this moment, Su Mei rushed in and saw Chu Feng's move and loudly stopped it.However, it was too late, only to hear the sound of two sounds, a surge of blood will be splattered from the hands of Chu Feng."呃啊~~~~~~~"And Liu Mang, even more is a hog-like yelling, his hands crouched in his crotch, rolled up, may not be able to tolerate the kind of pain, and soon fainted."Chu Feng, you are in trouble!" When you see this scene, even the Soviet Union cannot calm down."What's wrong? He dared to move my family. It was a big disaster!""He should be glad that he has not touched my sister Chu Ju, otherwise I will not only break his roots, but to his life." Chu Feng Lengheng soon, they quickly walked to the Chu Yue and Chu Xue.When Chu Feng untied the ropes of the two men, Chu Yue and Chu Xue flew into the arms of Chu Feng at the same time, crying in tears.If it weren’t for Chu Feng’s quickness, I’m afraid the innocence of both of them will really be ruined by that Liu Mang.Afterwards, Chu Feng left with the Chu family, and this incident soon caused a sensation in the inner door. More and more people gathered outside the Liu Meng.People all know that a young boy, who has been fighting for more than 100 people in the Liu Meng League, alone has levelled the unscrupulous Liu Meng, and that boy is called Chu Feng.Everyone knows that Chu Feng’s name is doomed to be famous at the Inner Gate, but people do not know whether Chu Feng can live tomorrow.Because, Chu Feng not only flattened the Liu Meng, also abolished Liu Mang, broke the root of Liu.For this kind of thing, as grandfather of Liu Mang, how could he sit back and watch, Chu Feng is destined to make a big mistake.Sure enough, soon after Liu Mang was abolished, the residence of Chu Feng was surrounded by a large number of troops.These are not simple disciples, but elders of the inner gate. Each one is the master of Yuanwujing, and it is the penalty.Facing these penalties and elders, Chu Feng was unable to resist and could only be taken away by them."Finished, Chu Feng finished, and Liu Cheng-en would absolutely have asked Chu Feng's life.""Oh, it's a pity that such a genius, when he first entered the inner door, had a good future, but he provoked people who shouldn't be provoked."At this moment outside Chufeng’s residence, many people gathered. They all followed Chu Feng, and Chu Feng was taken away by the criminals. People feel sorry for Chu Feng.However, no one noticed that the Soviet Union and the United States had been hovering around this area. When they saw the first moment of the appearance of the penalty elders, they turned away.In places where there are many elder leaders at the inner gate, in addition to the Wuji Pavilion, the penalty office, and the task collection office, there is one most important place. That is the Presbyterian Court.This elder's pavilion, in charge of thousands of elders inside the door, is the place where the oldest number of elderly people is gathered, and the principal here is Su Lu."What, do you say Chu Feng abolished the lifeblood of Liu Mang?"In one of the halls of the Presbyterian Court, after Su Lu heard about the Soviet Union and the United States, the beautiful face was full of surprise colors."Yeah, sister, you must help Chu Feng, or he will be more vicious." Su Mei asked."A lot of money is not enough? By Liu Chengen's old man's means, it will make him die happily. It is his creation.""This is really impulsive Chu Feng, and I can not help him." Su softly sighing."My elder sister, don't you just look at it. Chu Feng's talent is being smashed. You should know if we can draw him to him and how big is it to my Soviet family?" Sumei was in a hurry."Chu Feng is indeed a personal talent. If he is well-trained, it will certainly help my Su family in the future. It is only because he is not worthy of me to turn against Liu Chengen for him." Su Rou shook his head."However, he is a person with spiritual power, ah, we Su family looking for such a person to look for so long, is it not worth your shot for him?" Sumei said excitedly."What did you say? Say it again?" And when you heard this, Su Rou's face suddenly changed."I mean, isn't he worth your shot?""No, it's the previous sentence.""He is a man of spiritual power.""Sister, what are you talking about? Chu Feng has spiritual power? How did you know that?" At this moment, Su Rou was excited to seize the shoulders of Su and the United States and queried it loudly."I saw it with my own eyes. Don't you know?" Sumei was also suddenly surprised by Su Lu's change."You see? When did you see it?"See Su Lu seems to really do not know, Chu Feng has a spiritual power, Su Mei will be the things that happened when the elixir was hunting, a fifteen tenth to Su Rou said again."If you say it is true, then this Chu Feng seems to be really spiritual." Su Rou slowly closed his eyes and breathed a deep breath, when the proud chest rise and fall, calm way: This Chu Feng must be saved! ”The punishment is to punish the erring disciples and detain the prisoners. The imprisoned here are not all of the people of the Qing dynasty. However, all those who are detained here cannot escape punishment.At the moment, the penalties were in one of the tightest iron prisons. Chu Feng’s hands were buckled by mysterious iron chains and hung in the air.In front of him, there are more than a dozen penalties and elders, led by an old man with gray hair and old sheep.The old man had a pair of swords and eyebrows upside down, and the beard was also rooted up. At first glance, he was a scolding character, and he was the principal of the penalty department, Liu Mang's grandfather, Liu Chengen.At the moment, Liu Cheng'en closed his eyes and murmured: "Mann's injury, can he be cured?""When you return to China, Master Mang’s injury is stable, but I am afraid there is no way to repair it....""Waste!" Liu Cheng-en suddenly got up and the seats underneath were shattered. He pointed to the elders next to him: "At any cost, Manne's injuries must be healed.""Yes, yes, the villain must do his best." The eldest was scared back and forth again and turned to walk out.At this moment, Liu Chengen finally turned his fierce eyes on Chu Feng."Cut this boy's lifeblood with me, dig out his glasses, cut off his ears and nose, and give me his limbs.""Liu Chengen," "Very obedient," had just dropped his voice, and the elders behind him were holding various instruments and slowly came to Chufeng.The color of their faces hangs on their faces as if they were to dismantle Chu Feng. In fact, they do prepare for it.“Rumbled” may be at this moment, the heavy black iron gate in the prison cell turned into a smash, and at the same time, a shadow appeared in front of the door.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!