Forty-fifth chapter overbearing Su Rou (Gan more 31) Su Su, at the moment she was dressed in a white dress, so plainly assembled her fox face, looks different, there is a kind of refined qualities.However, after Su Lu appeared, these penalties of the elders could become dignified.Because this prison has been closely guarded, no one except the penalty department is allowed to enter, and Su Rou's behavior at the moment is just as powerful."Elder Su Lu, this is really a thin guest. I do not know why I came to my punishment."Despite the fact that Su Lun’s arrival is not good, the identity background of this girl has been thought of, and even Liu Cheng-en has to laugh."It's just a small matter. I want to ask Liu Changlu to do something convenient." Su Lun smiled a lot, even the old guys who lived a lot of age were too much to eat."Even though Elder Elder said something, I will certainly try my best." Liu Chengen smiled at the news."I want to take this Chu Feng." Su Rou smiled.And when he spoke, no one said that even Liu Cheng-en, who had previously smiled, was face-lifted."Su Rou, you kidding, you know what this Chu Feng did?" Liu Chengen's attitude became fierce."No matter what he did, I will take him away today." Su Rou also put away a smile."No, I will put my words here today. Even if Lao Zi Lao Zi came, I wouldn't want to take this Chu Feng away and send him off." Liu Cheng-en swung away and no longer ignored Su Lu."The elders of Elder Soo, please!" Upon seeing this, several imprisoned elders came to Su Lu, laughing and laughing, and wanted to leave Su Lu.Just not yet approaching, Su Rou's body will shoot an invisible breath, that strong breath, such as the general swirling swirls, and instantly filled with the entire prison.Almost at the same time as this atmosphere was distributed, more than a dozen criminals were lying on the ground, and the big blood was sprayed out. Only Liu Chengen could stand still.At this moment Su Su was around, and the whirlwinds flowed round, and the black long hair danced up and down, and the white dress swayed about, as if the fairies were descending, but her eyes were unusually cold."I also put my words here today. You have to put Chu Feng here. You have to let go!""Su Rou, you don't want to get in!"Upon seeing this, Liu Cheng-en was also furious and an equally strong atmosphere broke out and swept through this prison.At this moment, Chu Feng can hear the harsh roar from all sides and he can see that this solid iron clam is shaking violently, as if unable to withstand the atmosphere of the two.Under this coercion, even those elders on the ground who are imprisoned in the Yuan Dynasty are shouting and unbearable.However, Chu Feng was completely free. He had a soft atmosphere around him and was resisting another tyrannical breath. Obviously, Su Rou was protecting him with breath."Liu Cheng-en, I don't look down on you. I want to compete with me. You are not worthy of it!"Su Lu suddenly took a step forward, the jade foot had just landed, and a deep crack spread out. Like a serpent snake, he rushed on the ground and flew away to Liu Cheng'en.When the cracks came to Liu Chengen, he immediately flew backwards. He slammed against the black iron wall and landed on the ground with a mouthful of old blood."You .... you actually have reached the point where this kind of strength is still left at the inner door as an elders?" Liu Chengen stared blankly at Su Lu, his eyes full of shock, because of Su Lu's strength, far Beyond his imagination."It's best not to ask too much for some things!" Su softly scolded Liu Cheng-en for a moment, and then Yu hands waved.Only after listening to the sound, the mysterious iron chain on Chu Feng’s hands was cut off, and Chu Feng was regained freedom and fell steadily on the ground.Although Chu Feng did not know why Su Rou saved him, he quickly went to Su Lu’s side because he knew that only the woman’s side was the safest area at the moment.Chu Feng took a look at the cracks on the ground and couldn't help sucking a cold air. It was necessary to know that the entire iron crib was made of thick black iron. He was able to step out of the cracks on this mysterious iron, showing that the strength of Su Rou was How tyrannical.And see Chu Feng is not a big problem, Su Lu is also rushed Chu Feng smiled, actually holding a hand of Chu Feng, took him out to go.Closer to the viewing, Chu Feng discovered that this Su Rou is really beautiful. Although Su Mei's face is definitely not worse than this Su Lu, but after all, she is still young, with a layer of young girls.But this Su Lu is different, she has completely faded Sentimental, all exudes that kind of mature charm, and even the body is particularly charming.But when Chu Feng was immersed in an attractive body scent, Su Rou suddenly stopped the pace and turned back to Liu Chengen in an extremely cold tone:"Don't think about it. You secretly started with Chu Feng, not to worry about the Chu family.""Otherwise, it wouldn't be as easy for your grandson to kill his lifeline. I will let you whole Liu and get rid of it in Qingzhou.""Su Rou, you don't force me. I'm squeezing me. No one has good food," said Liu Chengen, angry."Oh? If you think you are OK, you can give it a try. I'll have Sulu at any time." Su Lu suddenly smiled, but laughed but it was extremely cold, and it was no longer nonsense with Liu Chengen, but took Chu Feng out of the iron. prison.After Su Lu went away, Liu Chengen was like a deflated ball, unable to sit on the ground, his face full of this sluggish look.After a long time, he smiled with a smile, even tearful, he knew that he had previously said big things, because his Liu family compared with Su Lu's family background, it is indeed a small witch, not worth mentioning.Today, with this wickedness, he can only swallow his stomach, destined to have no chance because he doesn’t want to be annihilated.In the hall of the elders, Su Rou is busy making tea....While Chu Feng was sitting on a chair and tilted Erlang's legs, secretly staring at the fullness of Su Luna's twin peaks, and the rounded bottom of his hips, when he saw the skirt, then after the white and slender legs, an evil fire could not help. It's born under the belly."Hey, this is really a fairy." Chu Feng heart sigh, if anyone can enjoy the Su-yu's jade body, it is absolutely a rare good fortune.Such a hot body, if it can be stripped in front of the eyes, revealing the perfect white, Chu Feng just think about it will feel happy.However, he can only think about it because he knows that this Suluo is not simple, not to mention the goddess in countless inner-door disciples, and even the core disciple and the core elders are expressing contempt for the Sulu and crazy pursuit. With.But so far, no one has succeeded, so this fairy is not something ordinary people can surrender and enjoy.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!