Forty-sixth chapter to join the Wing Meng "Hey, drink a cup of tea, pressure stunned!" Su Lu will be a cup of tea to the Chu Feng."Thank you, Elder Surou, I'm really thirsty." Chu Feng took the tea and poured it in his mouth. Still he said, "Is there still?"Su Lu also poured several cups for Chu Feng. Chu Feng was completely drained. After drinking the entire pot of tea, he wiped his mouth and wiped his mouth.Looked at such Chu Feng, Su Rou frightened: "This kid looks like it is scared, obviously thirsty."However, as long as he thinks, young people of this age can face that kind of threat without fear. This kind of courage, this kind of mentality really makes her admiration, and the more so, the more she feels that she has saved the right person today.“Elder Elder, thank you for your shot today. Otherwise, I can't help but Chufeng’s life.” Chu Feng stood up and thanked him sincerely.Although he also guessed, Su Rou saved her probably because he wanted to win him, but after all, people saved themselves and said that they were not grateful, it was purely deceive themselves."What's the matter? This matter is that Liu Mang was not the first person to be an Elder of Qing Longzong. I should protect you. What's more, you are a rare outstanding disciple."Su Rou smiled sweetly, and later reached out to Chu Feng: "If you have mastered the three types of Thunder, you should hand it in. This kind of martial arts can never be rumored.""Er, Elder Elder, really does not compare the three types of thunder, I only mastered the two types, the third type has not been able to comprehend." Chu Feng threw out the three types of thunder in his arms, but there is some sadness.Su Lu added the Thunder to the past and smiled at Chu Feng: "In fact, you said that this Thunder III had no one to comprehend the third type. Dacheng.""Well?" Heared Su Lu this way, Chu Feng is a secret, because he seems to feel between faint, and some of the third type of opportunities, but not yet fully realized.However, Chu Feng thinks that one day he can fully comprehend, but at that time, he was not the only person outside the Qinglong Taoist who had mastered the Thunder III.Su Lu then talked with Chu Feng again, but they were all concerned about the disciples because of the elders. They never mentioned the matter of pulling Chu Feng.After leaving the place of the elders, Chu Feng had an evaluation in her heart. Although Su Mi is better than Na Sumei, she may have more psychological strength than Su Mei."Hey, you finally came out." Chu Feng had just walked out of the gate of the elders and heard a sweet voice.Looking sideways, I saw a butterfly-like figure moving toward herself. It was Su Lu's sister, Su Mei."This time, thanks to you." Chu Feng laughed, he knew Su Lu can shoot, certainly thanks to the girl, at least she went to the letter."Oh, don't you see, you're still a bit of a conscience, but since you have to thank you, you can't say it with your mouth. Do you mean to be a bit substantive?""Or do I kiss you?""Or do I hold you?""Well, then I'll lose something and I'll take you."Sumei was flushed with Chu Fengqi's little face. Although he knew that Chu Feng was shameless, he did not expect him to be so shameless. He simply ignored him and turned away.See Su Mei gasping to run away, Chu Feng burst of smirk, although Su Rou he dared not flirt, but he still dare this girl.But after smirking, Chu Feng chased him up and smiled: "How do I join the Wingmen?"“Really?” Sumei’s words stopped and the watery eyes kept staring at Chufeng."Of course it's true. I owe you a sister. I'll give it back sooner or later. It's not a reward. It's only a wish to satisfy you."Chu Feng said that he was sincere. Although the Soviet Union saw his potential, after all, he still has nothing at all.This time, if the people did not help themselves, he would have lost all his life. If anyone wants to know how to report, Chu Feng is such a person.He initially rejected Dragon Brother's brother and brother, and was worried about his talent exposure, but it has now been exposed.Today's refusal is because he does not like the attitude of the Soviet Union and the US threatening him, but now it seems that with his own strength, he cannot really protect Chu Yue and his family at this inner door.Therefore, he feels that joining the Wingmen League now does nothing to his advantage and even helps the development of the Chu family.Because of the vagueness, Chu Feng can feel that the background of the Soviet Union and the Soviet Union is very simple. The so-called Su family is not simple.The family that can hide Xuangong is definitely not an ordinary force, at least comparable to Qinglong.Therefore, he thinks that the sister of Su Miao and Sumei came to this Qinglong Zong, just to find people who could do it, and to draw their families.Just like that Liu Chengen asked Su Lu, why do you have such strength and stay at the inner door instead of being a core elders?That's because the core disciples won't be easily drawn, but most of the disciples in the inner door are just new people. They are more likely to be tempted and more likely to win.After all, their sisters are training their forces for their families, and Chu Feng has decided to join their families."If you still have some conscience," see Chu Feng really should be under. Su Mei's smile was sweet. He told Chu Feng: "Just the next day, we have a mission in the Wings. You must also participate.""Tasks? What tasks, but also so many people to participate?"Chu Feng expressed his incomprehension. According to the quality of wing wing members, everyone has the strength to independently complete difficult tasks. How can he join him?“What do you think is the kind of garbage task at the task collection? Tell you that my wing team will never do that kind of garbage task. The tasks we do are not easier than the tasks of the core disciples, so you have better be mentally prepared. ”"In addition, the reward for this task is also very rich, because this reward is not someone else to open, but all the task we get." Sumei dignified."I go, you will not be organized to robbery it?" Chu Feng laughed."Get out of the noon and come to me here at noon tomorrow. Don't wear Qinglongzong's clothes."Su Mei handed a piece of paper and a medal to Chu Feng. The note reads the location to meet tomorrow. The medal is the emblem of the Wing Meng.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!