Forty-seventh chapter warm dinner "have this, Kendo League will not find the trouble of my family, right?" Chu Feng does not worry about himself, he just worried about Chuyue them."This is not necessarily because the Jiandaomeng is not like the Liu Meng, just relying on the background of the garbage alliance, they really have a certain strength.""However, if they dare to trouble you, my wing will tell them who is the league leader of this inner door."Having said these things, Su Mei left and jumped, showing that the girl was really good."Wing Meng, what kind of strength is there?" Chu Feng looked at the medal in his hands, his heart could not help throwing a trace of embarrassment.He could hear from the previous Soviet-U.S. utterance that Wing-Union did not put the kendo alliance in his eyes. It can be seen that this wing-wing alliance is really not simple.Afterwards, Chu Feng wore the medal of the Wing Meng. He purposely visited the inner gate for a large circle. The purpose was to make people know that he was a member of Wing Meng, and he did not let his family use his hands."Look, that's not Chu Feng?""He is Chu Feng, the young man who took Liu Meng to the level and destroyed Liu Meng's second child?""It was him that it was absolutely true that I was there and I would definitely not admit it.""However, he has not been taken away by the penalty office. How could he be here safely?""Also, you look at his chest. Is that medal not a sign of the Wings? He has joined the wing!""In the past, he has refused to invite Wing Meng. He can now join Wing Meng and he has escaped punishment from the penal department. Does Chufeng have so much background?""No wonder, no wonder that he dared to make such a thing with Liu Mang. It seems that this Chu Feng is absolutely not so simple. After that, we must not offend this person."Chu Feng walked on the road and people who knew Chufeng were stunned. These people lamented Chu Feng’s strength and had to ponder the forces behind Chu Feng.Chu Feng swaggered for a long time. He also met a lot of people in the Kendo League. However, no one had shot him. It can be seen that the identity of Wing Meng has indeed played a significant role.When Chu Feng returned to his residence, he found that there were lights in the house, and there were several flickering figures in front of the door. He could tell from the breath that it was Chu Wei and others."Chulway, how are you here?"Seeing that Chu Wei, who was wrapped in gauze and had bruised brows, was not cultivated in his own house, but instead he was here. Chu Feng was incomprehensible."Chu Fengdi, you're finally back. Great. You'll be fine.""Chu Fengdi, come in quickly. Everyone is waiting for you." When he saw Chu Feng, Chu Wei and others were relieved and relieved. They didn't say anything. They smiled and took advantage of Chu Feng to go home.After opening the mansion gate, Chu Feng discovered that Chu family members such as Chuyue Chuxue were all present, and even the other members of the Chu League had arrived.And in the center of the hall, there is a large table full of delicious food, most of which is his favorite.Later, Chu Feng learned that after he was taken away, Chu Yue and others went to the elders and wanted to plead for Chu Feng, but he was almost arrested.Fortunately, Su Rou arrived and helped them get out of trouble, and told them that they were ready to eat delicious food. When they returned to Chu Feng's residence and waited for Chu Feng, Chu Feng would return safely.This dinner, not for the first time Chu Feng and the Chu family to eat, but it is the first time I feel the family warm dinner.All the feelings that he expressed to him are from the heart, are the most sincere, although more is the gratitude to Chu Feng, but Chu Feng like this kind of sincere treatment.Early the next morning, Chu Feng got up early. He took out all the task cards he had picked up yesterday.Now with the Soviet Union and the United States and other people to perform the task, these task cards for him, the role is not too big, so ready to send back.However, just how far away, Chu Feng saw a figure, but Duan Yuxuan competed with him for the task card that day.At this moment, Chu Feng heart could not help a joy, pointing to Duan Yuxuan shouted: "Hey, you stand!"Hearing this cry, Duan Yuxuan's body gave a shudder and looked sideways. His face was scared.Things about Chu Feng have spread throughout the inner door. This section of Yu Xuan is also known naturally. Therefore, he is very afraid of Chu Feng.Especially thinking of yesterday's events, he had been disrespectful to Chu Feng. He was even more worried that Chu Feng would find him in trouble. So this made him stay awake last night and was scared.Now, when I saw Chu Feng, he was almost even softer. Even Liu Mang's eggs dared to crush the people. He really didn't know what Chu Feng would do to him.Just before Chu Feng came to Duan Yuxuan, he unexpectedly slammed on the ground and pleaded with impatience:"Chu Feng big brother, the younger brother has no knowledge of Taishan, yesterday will crash into you, I ask you adults do not remember the villain over, beat the younger brother once.""I rely on, where is this what?" Chu Feng silent for a while, then handed his own package to Duan Yuxuan, smiling:"If you don't mind, Duanxiong, help me to send these back to the task force?""Eh? You call me for this?" Duan Yuxuan took the parcel, and some of them were shocked."Actually, I mainly wanted to tell you that there was a task you liked. It was troublesome." Chu Feng patted Duan Yuxuan on the shoulder, and then he walked toward the end of the joint.Looking at the disappeared Chu Feng, and looking at those crowded people who looked at him with strange eyes, Duan Yuxuan secretly said: “Nima, this time is huge!”In accordance with Su Mei's agreement, after Chu Feng left Qing Longzong, he changed into a casual dress and came to a ruined temple before noon.Before he entered the temple, Chu Feng sensed seven people through his spiritual power.After entering the temple, she saw seven boys and girls. Among the seven people, three were familiar faces, one was Su Mei, and the other two were brothers and brothers of Dragon Brothers.However, the other four Chu Feng did not know, but although the strength can not be determined, it can be seen from the appearance, these four people are non-trivial.A pair of young boys and girls are showing no love, but I am afraid that others do not know that they are a relationship.Only worth mentioning is that the young man actually wore a pink robe, and the top is also showing a blossoming peach, the same as metamorphosis.On the contrary, the young girl wore quite masculine, but that face was rather a woman. Although she was not as much a country as the Soviet Union and the United States, she was considered superior.In addition to the couple, there is a young boy dressed in white, with a clear-looking face and thick eyes, and he nodded with a smile after seeing Chu Feng. He was very kind.The other blue-blown man is just the opposite. After seeing Chu Feng, he first saw Chu Feng contemptuously, and swearing and licking his lips. Like Chu Feng, there is nothing but hatred.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!