Chapter 48—The Tomb of the Tomb (Jiagen 32) “Come on here, let me introduce. This is the new member of my wing wing, Chu Feng. Don’t look at him young, but he is not simple.” Su Mei’s introduction stand up."Soviet America, are you young anymore?" The white man came over, politely rushed Chu Feng arched: "In the next day, long heard of the Chu brother's name, today saw extraordinary.""Courageously," Chu Feng is also returning his respect. For people who treat each other with courtesy, Chu Feng always treats him with courtesy.The young man wearing a peach robe came to the room with the masculine dress. The man said, "My name is Ye Taozi. This is my wife, Zhang Tingzi."Chu Feng also smiled at the archers, but he secretly said: "I'm going, Ye Taozi, Zhang Ting-zi, these two are really a natural pair. The name of the light is a perfect match!"“Chufeng Brothers, you are welcome to join Wing Meng’s family. The same day things are not expected to be on the mind, in fact, we are both being.....” Long brother tiger brother came over and spoke secretly also read Su Mei looked at it."Keke" saw the situation, Sumei hurriedly coughed twice, and looked at the two fiercely, and immediately scared the two to take the words back.However, Chu Feng, who was extremely observant, had already seen the clues and secretly conjectured that he must have been forced by the Soviet Union and the US to force his brother and brother to do anything."Chu Feng, hello big shelf, my wing wing good intention to invite you, you actually refused, how can you Hede?" At this moment, the young boy in blue face opened his mouth."Jia Yunfeng, you stop for me!""Hey, Sumei let him finish." But Chu Feng pulled Sumei behind him and stared at Jia Yunfeng with a smile: "What do you want to say? Just say!""I want to say that you are not worthy of joining Wing Meng." Jia Yunfeng shouted.“唰” Chu Feng looked a change, suddenly shot, an imaginary palm out of the display, facing the Jia Yunfeng's chest shot in the past.At this moment, everyone was shocked because no one could think of Chu Feng's face and kindness. He would say that he would start with no action.However, Jia Yunfeng was not an ordinary generation. He immediately recognized Chu Wu’s martial arts and his aura’s seven-fold breath. His backhand hit a punch and a majestic mighty force broke out. What this guy did, It was actually a four-piece military technique.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was slightly surprised, but he did not fear it any more. He changed the style of the game and made a splash with the Thunder. In the blink of an eye, he came to Jia Yunfeng behind him. Then he was imaginary palm and patted his back. past.There was no accidental hit in this palm. Jia Yunpeng caught off guard and fell a shit. He was embarrassed and squatting on the ground, and he stopped after a few meters."This guy, a great way."Seeing this scene, the presence of people in addition to the Soviet Union and the United States, both are shocked, eyes lit up, especially the brother and brother of the dragon, even more surprising is his open mouth.In their memory, Chu Feng was a very weak person, at least in front of their two brothers.But now they have discovered that they are wrong. If even Jia Yunfeng is far from Chu Feng's opponent, then their brothers will be even more lost.This is obviously, Chu Feng has been hiding strength before, the original fight, obviously is to let them two.At this moment, the two of them finally learned that why Suo Meng Ouyang elders would highly recommend Chu Feng to join Wing Meng, because Chu Feng does have this qualification."Now that I don't deserve it?" Chu Feng looked at Jia Yunfeng who had climbed from the ground and sneered."You are a miscellaneous account!" And Jia Yunfeng just stood up, actually yelled once again to pounce on Chu Feng.“唰” can be just then, that daylight is a stature, flashes in front of Jia Yunfeng, blocks him, sinks:"Before the Chufeng brothers had already left their feelings, you shouldn't ask for it."That Jia Yunfeng, obviously some fear of this day, and then think of the previous offensive of Chu Feng, but also a cold voice soon no longer say.However, Chu Feng was secretly amazed because he could feel from the atmosphere of Bai Yin’s previous experience. This fellow was actually the same as the Soviet Union and the United States."Well, it's not like we don't know each other. We have a tight schedule. Let's get off quickly." At this moment, Ye Taozi spoke up.In his appeal, several people began to walk outside the temple, but Su Mei came to Chu Feng and smiled:"You guys are really overbearing. People don't say anything and they hit people directly.""He asked for it." Chu Feng grinned."Well, actually, I like your temperament." Sumei smiled sweetly and took out a book from his pocket and handed it to Chu Feng."What is this?" Chu Feng took over the homeopathy. It was discovered that the book was really simple and the old pages were broken.However, when Chu Feng saw a few characters written, it was a bright future. It was actually written: "Primary Xuan Gong, Breathing!""It turned out to be Xuan Gong. This.....""You gave me a small voice." Upon seeing this, Sumei quickly caught Chu Feng's mouth with his hand and looked nervously outside the temple for fear of being heard by those people."Suemei, you are....""Nothing. I promised you yesterday. Just joining the Wing Meng will give you a cult to practice, but it is only fulfilling your promise." Su and the United States don't care.What she said was to make Chu Feng uncomfortable. Their sisters helped them as they did yesterday. He had already let Chu Feng owed a great deal of humanity, and he did not need to use this technique at the cost.However, Su Mei did not care about these, which made him very sorry, whispered: "Oh, thanks!""Hello, hurry up and don't let them see."“In addition, do not practice for the second person, otherwise I'll dial your skin!” Su Mei flirted with a fist in front of Chu Feng and ran out.Looked at this cute and beautiful, revealing a bit of pure girl, Chu Feng suddenly doubled over Sumei.Chu Feng and his entourage went west all the way and rode the horse for two days and two nights. They had long been far away from the Qing Longzong territory. This is obviously not a mission."Soviet America, what are we going to do and go so far? This is too wasteful time?" Chu Feng whispered. He felt that doing a task and rushing for such a long time was a waste of time."Come quietly to tell you, we are going to go to the tomb." Sumei smiled."Tomb? Is not it, such a lack of virtue!" Chu Feng look of contempt."What do you know? It is a cemetery for those who are strong in Xuanwu territory. Not only does it contain a lot of elixirs, but also Yuan drugs and even Xuan drugs.""In addition to these, there will be a lot of Xuangong martial arts. It is simply an oversized treasure house. If you feel that this kind of behavior is not good enough, you can't go." Sumei Lengheng said."After being the cemetery of the strong basaltic warriors? Yuan medicine? Xuan Yao? Xuangong Wuji?"Chu Feng was taken aback and Xiu Wu was trained. The known realms were Lingwu, Yuanwu, Xuanwu and Tianwu.If Yuan Wujing is used, as long as the qualifications can be achieved, then the Xuanwu environment can only be reached by a talented generation of geniuses.According to his knowledge, the patriarch of the Qinglong Zong is only a brave man. It is definitely the most powerful player in Qingzhou and can only be achieved.As for the situation on that day, it is a realm that can be run by imperialism and travel in a matter of thousands of miles. It has literally shaken off the bondage of heaven and earth, and it is beyond the limits of humanity. It is a legendary realm.The strongman of Tianwujing had not appeared in Qingzhou at least, but Chu Feng heard that among the Kuomintang tyrants of the Kyushu continent, there are indeed people in the Tianwu situation.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!