Forty-ninth chapter of the spirit division (Gan 33) that the Jiang dynasty was located in the Kyushu continent, although it does not interfere in the development of all forces, but it is recognized as the hegemony of Kyushu.Therefore, the forces of all sides of the Kyushu continent must regularly visit it every year. Otherwise, there will be a disaster.And that the Jiang's dynasty called itself the royal family and presumptuously. Not everyone had the opportunity to contact them.Take Qingzhou as an example, only the first case of Lingyunzong in Qingzhou was qualified to worship the Jiang’s dynasty.As regards tribute, all Sungmental Gates will give tribute to Ling Yunzong and Ling Yunzong will pay tribute to the Jiang Dynasty.Therefore, for Chu Feng, the Jiang’s dynasty was also like a myth. It could not be touched. In fact, even the strong man of Xuanwujing had never seen him.And the so-called Yuan drugs, as well as the Xuan Yao, are similar to the Elixir.It is like the spiritual medicine used in Lingwujing cultivation, and Yuanwujing cultivation requires the use of yuan drugs, Xuanwujing will use XuanMei.Relative to the elixir, the Yuan drugs and Xuan drugs are rarer and more precious, especially if the Xuan drugs get one, they can be rich.Now that such a good thing has been delivered to the door, Chu Feng is naturally extremely excited, but he also has some doubts. How could such a place come to them to steal?"Su Mi, the cemetery of the strong Xuanwu territory, should not be able to open with our strength?" Chu Feng was worried."What do you think, really thought that this news, only we know? The birthplace of a strong Xuanwujing grave, will certainly attract the attention of all parties, there will be a lot of strong to go.""As for us, we are just trying to make fun of it. We must not think about what is left of the party, the Xuan Yao, Yuan Yao, or anything. We can earn some spirits. We have already made big profits," Su Mei explained."This is the case, then where is the cemetery?" Chu Feng asked."I heard that it was in the wild desert. No one knows exactly where it is, but according to sources, the cemetery will be announced in the wilderness city recently.""Of course, this so-called publication is not announced to all people. The person who announced the news will sell the map of the cemetery, each with 80 grasses.""And these 80 faeries, we have ten out of everybody, just fine!" Sumei said."It's so expensive? I don't!""Did you not walk a lot from me last time?""You are a pig wow. It was so wasteful. Did you absorb it?"Chu Feng was somewhat speechless. He could not tell Su Mei. Although I did not practice Xuan Gong, there are mysterious mines in my body. No matter how many elixirs are used, they can be refined and never be wasted. They can be absorbed in 100%."Well, I'll help you out of this one, but I will return to you in the future." Sumei looked at the cry-poor Chu Feng, reluctantly grinning."Oh, thank you very much." Chu Feng laughed, the cemetery of the strong Xuanwujing? He is really looking forward to it.Several people marched all the way, finally into the wilderness desert before noon, and soon came to the ancient city of the wilderness.This ancient city of wilderness is extremely old. According to legend, it has a history of more than a thousand years. The tiles, bricks and tiles are very old and worn. It seems that if you touch it hard, it will collapse and collapse.“This is the ancient city of the wilderness. It is too broken. If winds hang on a particular day, I am afraid it will be collapsed. How many people live in such old places?”Looking at the old but very old city and the rising smoke, Chu Feng knew that there must be many people living in the ancient city.It was just that he couldn't figure out how so many people lived in such a dilapidated ancient city. Such an ancient building could collapse at any time and it should be dangerous."What do you know, every brick and tile in this ancient city of wilderness was laid down by enemies.""Don't say that it is a strong wind. Even if it is the master of Yuanwujing, it will not be able to damage the bricks and tiles of this ancient city."“What awesome?” Chu Feng was shocked and immediately asked, “What is the division spirit? What is the enchantment?”What he said was not to say that Su Mei's eyes on him looked very strange. Even several other people also cast a contemptuous look on him."It's a bun." Jia Yunfeng gave a cold cry."Oh, Chufeng Brothers, this spiritual psychiatrist is a special and noble profession. We, these people, are inaccessible.” It was the day, laughing, explaining it."The spiritual psychiatrist holds a kind of power called enchantment. The enchantment is indestructible and it is a very powerful defense.""And the spirits of the spiritual divisions are all extremely high. Every one can be said to be a martial arts genius, and their strength is tyrannical. Together with their powerful insights and their unique power of enchantment, they are almost invincible in the same realm.""In addition, because of the uniqueness of the spiritual psychiatrist, every spiritual psychic is the target of all parties and forces.""Because of the power of the divisional psychic, the defensive power of his sect door will gain a qualitative leap, and my Qinglong ancestor worships a spiritual psychic at a high price.""Why? It's so powerful, then why did the white brother say that this spiritual psychic is something we can't touch?" Chu Feng asked inquisitively."Haha, that's because everyone in Xiuwu can do it, but if you want to become a spiritual division, you must have spiritual power.""And this spiritual power is no one in all. It is naturally impossible for ordinary people to reach. This is why the spiritual psychic is so noble." Bai Yan continued to explain.“Has the spiritual power?” After listening to this, Chu Feng could not help but look at the Soviet Union and the United States. He seemed to have known why the girl had to draw him.“What do you think of me? Even if you have spiritual power, if you don’t have a spiritual master who is willing to teach you how to cultivate, you will never be able to be a spiritual master for a lifetime.” It seems that he knows what Chu Feng is thinking, and Sumei snarled."I don't say that the white brother, I Qinglongzong is enshrining a division division?" Chu Feng laughed."You mean that Elder Zhuge? Do not even think about it. The old guy is very weird. He never accepts disciples."“A core spiritual disciple of Qinglong Zong has always wanted to worship him and cultivate the law of enchantment, but he was used as a slave for a year and he has not learned anything yet.” Sumei continued to fight."Indeed, as Su Mei said, the reason why this spiritual master is so noble is precisely because of his scarcity.""Unless it is a person who is extremely considerate, the spiritual psychiatrist will not easily teach the arts, because it is equal to a church person, to grab their own jobs!"After a brief explanation by White Pelican, Chu Feng was once again in a joke tone: “I think that the Chufeng brothers seem to be interested in this spiritual psychiatrist. Is it because you have no spiritual power?”For questioning day, Chu Feng is also very polite. He raises his chest and raises his face with a small face. He proudly says, “I really have spiritual power!”"What?" And Chu Feng's words came out. Apart from the Soviet Union and the United States, everyone was shocked. Even the calm and white-tempered people could not calm down.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!