Chapter 5 The Qinglong Taoist (Gandantong 3) After Su Lu et al. left, the main hall sank into silence.After a long time, the rushing sound of stamping came from outside the temple. A disciple rushed in and came in.This person is Duan Yuxuan, but at the moment he is simply different from the one before entering the palace.His hair was messy, sweating, panting, and running like crazy, he went straight to the high table and galloped away."Haha, the first is me in the end, Yang Tianyu you a little kid, but also want to fight with me?""What did you do when I lagged behind the door for six years? What I was telling you now, what I did for him was his mother."Duan Yuxuan ran while cheering, like a devil, eyes staring tightly at Gaotai, actually ignoring the body of the beasts in the main hall."Hey." He jumped up and fell steadily on the platform.But when he smiled and looked at his feet, it was like a sunny day, and suddenly he was dumbfounded.Because on the platform, it was empty and no root hair was found.After a long time, he only came back to the gods. Only after he discovered the high ground, he was full of blood. The bodies of forty savage beasts scattered throughout the hall.And the death of every savage beast is shocking and bloody.This scene scared him and he sat down on the high stage and looked back to see it. Then he discovered that the door that passed the examination did not open."What exactly is going on?" Duan Yuxuan was overwhelmed and his thoughts were messy.“At that time...” At this moment, Yang Tianyu also ran over, but when he arrived at the entrance to the hall, he stopped.Looking at the scene inside the main hall, he looked at Duan Yuxuan above the platform. He was stunned: "This is what you did?"Duan Yuxuan chuckled and said: "If I say no, do you believe it?""Of course, believe, you can't have such a strong strength." Yang Tianyu gave him a look, then he walked into the hall and looked at the body of the savage beast: "Oh my God, there is still a fourth-order savage beast. Who is this? Handwriting?"The two observers observed for a long time, but they failed to come up with an answer. They could not think of anyone who had such terrible strength among the outside doors.In the end, they even suspected that this was the council set by the elders and that the elders had swallowed the first prize.However, the dramatic scene took place when the armed forces of the three soldiers in the military arrived.Everyone thought that it was Yang Tianyu and Duan Yuxuan who had killed the savage beasts. As for the first prize, they were divided equally between them.But the best thing to laugh is that Yang Tianyu and Duan Yuxuan did not deny that they were blind to the worship of the crowd.The door was opened, cheers followed, and everyone was happy because as soon as they walked out of the door, they became disciples and ushered in a new life.Just as people cheered, a teenager walking out of the local palace attracted attention.He was unknowingly crying, and cursed with aggrieved words: "Who's such a wicked character, he doesn't say anything behind me, but he wears other people's clothes. How could it be so perverted?"For such a scene, people are very surprised, only Chu Feng smiled a little, looked at the body intact clothes, quietly left the crowd.The assessment of the inner door ended, and tens of thousands of people participated in the assessment. Only 2,000 people passed the assessment, but this is not a small number.Entering the inner gate, it became the disciple of Qinglongzong formally, and also enjoyed excellent treatment.In order to welcome the new disciple to join the inner door, the elders also deliberately engaged in a feast.The sky above the night sky hung high, and the inner door danced in peace and dance, setting the atmosphere of joy to the extreme.However, this feast did not participate in Chu Feng, but stayed in his new house, bare upper body, observe his own wounds.The wound is healing and healed quickly. If so, it can be fully healed in a matter of days. This kind of ability to recover is what the gods gave."What are you? Why choose me?"This question was not asked by Chu Feng for the first time. He had asked this question numerous times but he had never received an answer.He still remembers the night of five years ago, over Qingzhou, it was shrouded in nine colors.The sky was bright and white, the thunder danced like a dragon, the thunder roared, and the earth trembled. People all thought that the end of the day was coming, and the panic was a mess.Chu Feng, who was only ten years old, couldn't help running out of the house and went to an empty place.Even now, he doesn't know why he did it. It was like there was a kind of magic that was drawing him there.As for later, he was possessed by Shenlei.No one saw the scene, but he knew that within the Dantian, it must have been a sensation of the entire continent.Although Shen Lei gave Chu Feng a powerful body, Chu Feng never understood why such awesome things were attached to his body."Well, since you don't answer, I will stop asking. Anyway, you and me are one."Chu Feng relievedly smiled, but it was not a curse or a curse. However, if this god was really bad for him, he could not resist with his strength.What's more, this god mine has brought good things to him so far, so he doesn’t think about it any more.Chu Feng was dressed and turned his eyes to a book on the bedside. The book reads the four characters "Thunderbolt."Picking up the book, Chu Feng read it. This was his first contact with martial arts and he was somewhat excited."Secretary Wuji, Thunder III, created by Qinglongdao.""Renovation to Dacheng is fast and as strong as a sturdy, comparable to Wudang Wuji."Looking at the introduction of a few lines, Chu Feng took a cold breath and was surprised: "This is actually the martial art created by the founder of the Grand Master!"Qinglong Taoist, who was the founder of Qinglongzong, was an invincible hand on the mainland thousands of years ago. He possesses the ability to fly through the mountains and reclaim the sea. He is truly a master of cultivation.In that era, Qinglongzong, led by Qinglong Dao, was the first gate in the Kyushu continent.The only thing that can contend with Tsing Lung Tsung is the overlord of the Kyushu Continent, Jiang's dynasty.However, the landscape was not long. After the death of the Qinglong Taoist, Qinglong Zongzi began to decline and quickly fell to the top of the Kyushu continent.Even if it is in the territory of Qingzhou, it is only a second-class door, but it also explains the personal strength of the Qinglong Taoist.The martial arts created by the old man is definitely a masterpiece of martial arts and can be encountered without being demanded.Excited, Chu Feng hurriedly read the cultivation method and vowed to practice the Thunder three types.Sleepless overnight, Chu Feng finally understood the three methods of thunder.One type is a type, two types are intended, three types can be turned into a thunderbolt, and it is very difficult for the thunderbolt three-type practice. However, Chu Feng wants to try it.After a lot of washing, Chu Feng had no trouble and he went to the Wuji Pavilion inside the inner gate.First of all, Wuji Pavilion has facilities for practicing martial arts. In addition, because the Thunder III can't be exposed, he needs to cultivate a different kind of martial arts to hide his eyes."It's really lively." When he entered the Wuji Pavilion, his eyes suddenly opened up. The vast hall of Wuji Pavilion was already overcrowded.However, this is also reasonable. After all, more than 2,000 disciples joined the inner door yesterday. These new disciples are most likely to practice martial arts.Wuji Pavilion is divided into six layers. One layer of Wuji, two layers of Wuji, and three layers of Wuji. As for the 456th layer, it is a place for martial arts.Chu Feng all the way up and found that a layer of overcrowding, the second floor is much better, as the third floor, is already scarce.This is all to be expected, although the difference in power level is different, but the difficulty of cultivation is also different.So many people will start from the beginning, first practice a martial arts, wait until Dacheng, then select the second paragraph, and finally practice three paragraphs.However, Chu Feng's goal is very clear, even if only for self-defense, but he also has to choose the strongest."Young people, I advise you not to be so lofty. The martial arts here are not for you." Ke Chu-feng just stepped into the third floor, and an old voice came into the ear.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!