Chapter 50 Mastering Xuan Gong (Gao Dian 34) "You brother of Chu Feng, do you say that you have spiritual power? You can't joke about this kind of thing!" Bai Bai's face has become tense and full of suspicion in her tone."He was right. He was indeed one of those people who didn't have any." At this point, Su Mei spoke up."Soviet America, is this true?" Hearing the Soviet Union's remarks, almost everyone was shocked and opened his mouth.“This is why my sister strongly invited him to join Wing Meng.” Sumei reluctantly sighed. She knew that when Chu Feng’s special ability was exposed, it would definitely be impressive.At this moment, people couldn't help but suck a cool air. When they looked at Chu Feng again, the eyes were more awe.Even Jia Yunfeng, who had always been repulsive to Chu Feng, was looking complex at the moment, apparently regretting the disrespect to Chu Feng before.Those who have spiritual power may not be one of them. Even if they are among 100,000, they may not be able to have one.So far in Qinglong Zong, there are only two people with spiritual power. There are only three Chu Fengs who count today.Such figures are inherently talented in repairing their weapons and possessing a great sense of qualifications, insights, and insights. Even if they cannot become a spiritual master, they will achieve tremendous accomplishments in repairing Wu.Such people are often unable to offend, because they were doomed from the time they were born, and that Jia Yunfeng had been so close to Chu Feng that he was naturally scared."The Chufeng Brothers, I had a lot of offense before, but I also want to see it.""I apologize for the fact that this time I purchased the fairy-grass on the tomb map and I came out for the Chu Feng brothers." When thinking of this, Jia Yunfeng even recieved the mistake directly to Chu Feng.For his sudden move, people are surprised but they can understand it because even if they do it, they will do so."Oh, thank you, Jia," and Chu Feng is not too polite to accept it.Ten fairy spirits, this is not a small number, some people are willing to pay for themselves, Chu Feng naturally willing to accept.After some gossiping, several people finally entered the ancient city of this wilderness. At this moment, Chu Feng was able to feel vaguely that there was a lot of tyrannical atmosphere in this ancient city.It can be seen that today in this ancient city of the wilderness, many Xiuwu masters are hidden, and even Chu Feng has seen many disciples who are wearing Sung Men's costumes.Chu Feng was able to recognize it from his clothes. They were the disciples of Qianfengzong, and Chuchu’s founding of the Chu family was practiced in this Qianfeng Buddhism."It seems that the news of this cemetery really attracted a lot of people." Chu Feng sighed."That is of course, this news of the cemetery has long been leaked, and all the forces around it are coming. There will be conflicts in the morning and in the evening." Sumei secretly explained.“What do you mean is that I will send people to Qinglong Zong?” Chu Feng asked, because Qinglong Zong is a close door to this wild desert."That is, of course, the two closest doors to this wild desert are the Qinglong Emperor and Qianfengzong. Since Qianfengzong has received news, Qinglongzong will come.""And, with my Qinglong ancestors, the core disciple and core elders must be sent, and even the elders of Zhuge will be dispatched." Sumei said."Isn't this to be turned into a battle for Qinglongzong and Qianfengzong?" asked Chu Feng."So we only have to wear civilian clothes and act as passers-by, so that we can avoid unnecessary conflicts, because at this time, drowning is the best way."“Route them to open, and Po is going to fight them. We only need to pick a few points.” Su Mei’s sweet cheeks are full of smirk. It turns out that the girl had already planned well.Looking at this 14-year-old girl, Chu Feng shook his head helplessly. He could well imagine that when Su Mei grew up in the future, her mentality would never be worse than her sister Su Mou.Because the exact location of the ancient tomb has not yet been announced, so Chu Feng and others can only temporarily stay in this ancient city, waiting for news.Within the Inn, Chu Feng closed the door and couldn't wait to take out the Xuan Gong Breath Method.Xuangong is divided into elementary, intermediate, and advanced levels. Although the Breath method is only an elementary metaphysics, it is also a value-added city with amazing practice.If this is not the case, then Sumei is not possible. Such an age is so severe that even Chu Feng is afraid of it.After some reading, Chu Feng had some understanding of the breath-breathing method. He mainly breathed through the nasal cavity and breathed out his aura while he was breathing. He walked around with specific meridians and eventually penetrated through the body and broke out. The power of ordinary people.Although this is simple to say and it is difficult to do, but it is only for ordinary people, for Chu Feng, this is not difficult, almost only after reading it, to understand the esoteric meaning.This kind of comprehension is not what Chu Feng was born with. Although the comprehension power of Chu Feng was extremely high, it became clear that after he had mastered the spirit, his mind became more sensitive.After standing up and breathing deeply for a few moments, Chu Feng tried to run this breathing method once.Just running, Chu Feng can feel that the body's reiki is like a galloping dragon and begins to snarl in the body. When this tyrannical reiki hits a specific vein, Chu Feng's strength suddenly increases several times."This strength is so strong." He shook his fist and felt a lot of aura that was stronger. Chu Feng rejoiced.The former strength of Chufeng was stronger than ordinary people because he had hidden thunder in his body and the quality of Aura was stronger than others.The power of this power is the use of unique techniques that make Reiki change in the body and become stronger than ordinary people.Now that Chufeng has both sides, his strength will be far beyond ordinary people. According to Chu Feng’s estimation, at the moment, he will fight against the Soviet Union and the United States, and he may not necessarily lose.It should be noted that Sumei is an eight-armed force and he has also cultivated Xuan Gong. However, Chu Feng is still only six kinds of spiritual weapons. Such a strength can accomplish this step."In this way, this year's core disciple assessment, I am not also able to participate in it?" Estimated the strength of their own now, Chu Feng more and more excited.The assessment of the core disciples of Qinglongzong is held every year, and the calculation of this year is approaching.Compared with the internal assessment, this core assessment has an age limit, that is, must be under the age of 18, otherwise even if the strength is stronger, the talent is no better to participate.According to Chu Feng's knowledge, as long as the strength can reach the Lingwu octogenarian, it is already possible to participate in the assessment of the core disciples, and there is a great chance to pass.The core disciple is the focus of Qinglongzong. Even the family of the core disciple will be protected by Qinglong.As long as Chu Feng can become a core disciple, not only is it helpful for his cultivation, but it is also very helpful for the development of the Chu family.After thinking of him as the core disciple, Chu Yuan and the Chu family were happy to see Chu Feng could not wait to become a core disciple.“咚咚咚” was just then, Chu Feng's door was suddenly knocked.After opening the door, Chu Feng discovered that the sweet and pleasant Sumei was standing in front of her with both hands and smiling at herself.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!