The 51st chapter of the Constellation Compass at the moment Su Mei, put on a pink dress, dark long hair scattered on the shoulder, but also a big bow above the head, this dress, coupled with her sweet Face, really fresh and beautiful, beautiful."How baby, this just separated a small meeting, you miss me?" Looking at the fresh dress Sumei, Chu Feng could not help but tease up."Call me baby again, believe it or not, I tear your mouth?” Su Mei gritted his teeth and the sweet face suddenly became fierce.However, in Chu Feng’s view, such Su-mei appears to be even more cute and smiles: “How can I not even call my baby? I am your sweetheart!”Sumei’s snow-white jade hand then grabbed Chu Feng’s arm and the two fingers suddenly staggered like pliers. Chu Feng’s face was distorted into a ball at once, and his mouth was cracked."Ah~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"After a while, the two appeared on the streets of the ancient city of the wilderness.Many of the original strong gather here, some people fancy business opportunities, waiting for the cemetery news, they come up with rare treasures, sold here.After Sumei learned that she was curious and curious, she took Chu Feng and ran out.At the moment, the two men walked on top of the ancient road. Chu Feng was such a stupid boy. Alongside him was a small beauty like Su Mei, which actually attracted many envy and jealousy.However, Chu Feng was apparently living in the blessing of good luck. He looked at a piece of iron blue on his arm. Chu Feng said, "Dead girl, you are too shy, and you are blue.""Oh, see if you still dare to take me cheaper again." Sumei proudly grinned, then looked around with joy, and then grabbed Chu Feng's hand and went to a stall.This place is distributed with the jewelry used by the girl. The material is very unique, and everything is colorful. Su and the United States are deeply attracted, and they are carefully selected before the stalls.This will be happy to set up the old lady aunt, and began to hard to introduce to the United States and the United States, while looking at the cheating face of the old lady, Chu Feng gave him an evaluation, profiteers!Apart from boring, Chu Feng looked to the other side, only to find an old man lying not far away.The old man really didn’t look like he had just eliminated it. His hair didn’t know how many days he hadn’t washed it. They all stuck together and looked at it.Face stains mud, clothes full of patches, patches carrying patches, slapping a cloth pocket, inside bulging I do not know what stuff. One trouser leg is long and one trouser leg is short. With a pair of broken shoes, the front exposed fingers and the back heel.He did not set up stalls to attract businesses everywhere. Instead, he went to a lie down. Erlang's legs were high and he was like his uncle. He was not looking at the guests.Do not look at the old man to do business, but the pile of books in front of him attracted Chu Feng.In fact, this book looks nothing special, tattered, hung with a layer of gray, can not see the title.However, Chu Feng, who has spiritual power, found that one of them had piled up books and one of them contained strange books."Uncle, how do you sell this book?" Chu Feng asked.The old man didn't even lift his head, but he put a finger on Chu Feng and put out one of the words."A copper?" Chu Feng tried."I see, a copper money, what do you want to have a meal?" However, when he heard Chu Feng, the old man could not help but sit up and angered.“Uncle, are you talking about one or two lines of silver?” Chu Feng, although polite, but cursed in his heart: “You look like this, saying that you want rice, it is all insult to Hanako.”"A spirit can be taken away!" The old man said the word."I rely on, why don't you grab it, you break these books, to so much money?" At this moment, Chu Feng is angry.However, the old man fell calmly, lying on the ground again, saying the words: "I don't buy it."Then he said to himself: "I have these books, but they were handed down by the old ancestors. There was preciousness in them, but ordinary people couldn't see the changes. If it weren't for me, I wouldn't take them out. Sell."“The old ancestors? You old man really can pull, who is your ancestors?” At this time, Su Mei that girl scraped together."My old ancestors may have grown older. He is a divisional spirit master!" The old man said proudly."The spiritual division? You blow it!" Su beauty obviously does not believe."You don't believe it, you always have someone who knows what to buy." The old man closed his eyes.When he listened to the old man's words, Chu Feng was in a tight mind. If the old man said it was true, then what Chufeng had sensed at the moment could really be a relic of a spiritual psychiatrist."Soviet America, do you have spirits? Take me one!" Chu Feng bited his teeth and said to Sumei."Why are you doing, do you really want to be with this old man?""If you have, please use me!" Chu Feng extended his hand to Sumei."You stupid, haven't seen you so stupid." Although Chu Feng was talking about his mouth, Su Mei still took out a bead from his pocket and handed it to Chu Feng."Thank you." Chu Feng took the Spirit Pearl and passed it directly to the old man: "Uncle, your books, I bought!""Wow, it really is the spirit, you little girl is very rich.” The old man snatched the spirits in the past, began to carefully check up, in the hands of a good drum for a while, this can not put it into the arms in."I think you are seeing the first time, Lingzhu?" Looking at the excitement of the old man, Su Mei is very dissatisfied.However, Chu Feng did not speak, and it was a stalled fabric that directly put the dozens of books on the shoulder."Oh, little brother, you have great vision. As an appreciation for you, I will give you a present." But as Chu Feng was about to leave, the old man took out something from his old cloth pocket.It was a purple disc. The disc was made of special wood. It was written on both sides of the east, west, north and south, engraved with good and bad for life and death. In the center of the wooden plate, there was a strange spell and it was portrayed."What is this?" Sumei grabbed the past and looked curious."Oh, little girl, this thing can be big, but it's an indispensable object for the spiritual division.""Can be pre-existence of death, can be judged good and bad, called the spirit of the compass!" The old man said with a nose and eyes."What? Why is this thing used?" Sumei asked."This ..... This is what the spiritual psychiatrist uses. Where do I know, oh, you study it on your own, we will have a period later!"The old man touched the dry beard and his eyebrows moved forward, as if he were afraid of Chu Feng’s repentance. He turned and ran."You see, I said he was a liar!" Looking at the back of the old man's striding meteor, Su Mei's gas was lame.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!