In the fifty-second chapter of the mysterious technology with a pocket book, Chu Feng full of joy returned to the inn.At the moment, the Soviet Union and the United States are no longer gasping, but their sweet smiles are also very happy."Hey, you guy, is it in this pile of rotten books, you found baby?" After entering the room, Sumei smiled."You girl, it was just installed."Looking at the strange Soviet Union and the United States, Chu Feng realized that the girl had previously been deliberately pretending to look like that, obviously she had already discovered Chu Feng’s intentions."The old man is ghosting. If you give him a bead without saying anything else, he will surely sit down and start selling. If it isn't for me to sing with you, why would you be so easy?""Yes, what kind of baby you scouted, and you'll find it out and show it to me." Su and the United States couldn't wait to help cloth pocket from Chu Feng's shoulders.After Chu Feng had turned around in this pile of books, he finally picked a book. The book was also covered with dust, but it was very different from other books.Although this book is worn out but still intact, and looks at it alone, it gives a quaint feeling, and Chu Feng can feel it in his hands. The material of this book is special.After Chu Feng had written a hand and dust had been removed, several characters would appear and he would be able to “embrace the mystery!”"Sophisticated technique" Sumei grabbed the past and carefully studied it for a moment. Then he was surprised: "If this mysterious technique is true, then you can make big money.""Although it is a mystical technique, only people with spiritual power can cultivate, but the market value is definitely no less than a thousand Lingzhu. It's strange that the old man will hide this good thing in the book. Hey, I know, I guess. The old man must not read."“So expensive?” Heared Su Mei this way, Chu Feng was shocked first, but it was followed by great joy, because of this, he really hit the bargain."That is of course, taking the core spiritual disciple of Qinglongzong as an example. Although he has spiritual power, he does not have a cultivation method. If you sell this fine mysterious technique to him, he will even be higher. The price, because this thing is worthless baby." Sumei proud of the road."Haha, then when I finished cultivation, I sold this thing, and it wasn't profitable." Chu Feng was ecstatic and had a thousand Lingzhu, which I am afraid could allow him to directly break into Yuan Wujing."Look at your unpromising kind. This Cheats is just a kind of spiritual control skill, not the practice of the spiritual division.""If you can master the power of enchantment and become a spiritual division, then there will be many cases where you will be invited to join. At that time, the solemn offering to you alone will be enough to make you a real rich man."“Do you know the spiritual gurus of our Tsering Lungsong, how many offerings can we receive each month?”“Each month, one mysterious ball, one mysterious ball is equivalent to one thousand beads, and one ball is equivalent to one thousand beads, that is to say, he can be obtained every month in Qinglong. One Millions of Lingzhu." Sumei said."My God, one million beads per month? This is incredible." Chu Feng surprised, and now for him, a spirit is already extremely precious, one million can not imagine ."Even if it is such a condition, that division will only reluctantly accept it. If he does not look at the treasure of Qinglongzong, he will not promise to be the Qingqing Emperor's Keqing Elder." Sumei continued."Treasure? What treasure?" Chu Feng is full of curiosity."You should know that there is a mortal tomb in the mountain of mystic medicine in the Tsingyong Mountain of Qinglongzong? People speculate that the mortal tomb is a treasure, and that spiritual gurus are coming to this treasure." Sumei explained."It was there." Chu Feng was once again surprised. He could not even think of it. In such a terrible place, he might have been a treasure.But when he think about it, he can understand that after all, the spiritual power he now possesses is not innate, but is obtained in that boneless tomb, so he feels that the bones and tombs may be a treasure indeed. ."What happened to you? Why are you doing this?""Nothing, nothing," Chu Feng hurriedly shook his head. He couldn't tell Su Mi. He fell into a tomb of bones. He saw a glowing old man there, and he also gained his spiritual strength. These facts are too ridiculous, so Chu Feng will not tell anyone easily."Well, I think you can't wait to try to cultivate this mysterious technique. I won't bother you."Sumei returned Chu Feng with his secretive skills. He took his hand from his pocket and took out one thing and handed it to Chu Feng: “Hey, this is your reward for shopping with me!”Watching and seeing, Chu Feng discovered the palm of Su Mei's palm and put on something similar. However, this is obviously not an ordinary kit because its material is very special and the surface is full of spells.After seeing this thing, Chu Feng immediately sucked in a cold air and exclaimed: "Yunkun bag?"Qiankun bag, but the size of the kit, but it contains a great deal of space, can store a variety of items, and no sense of weight, but it is a storage artifact.It is just that this Qiankun bag is complicated to produce and the price is extremely high. It is not something that ordinary people can use.Chu Yuanba had wanted to buy a pocket bag, but in the end, because the price was too high, so give up, so for Chu Feng, this is a very luxurious thing, but at the moment Su US should give himself."What do you want to stay? Do a good job." Su Mei will be Qiankun bags into the hands of Chu Feng, they are ready to leave."Soviet America, why do you want to be so good to me?" Holding the Qiankun bags in his hands, Chu Feng looked to Su Mei's eyes full of gratitude."No, why? It's just that members of the Wingmen Group have Qiankun bags, but you don't. This is too shabby. After a few days that cemetery opened up, you can't carry two big parcels like the elixir. It will be strange if we don't get robbed."Su Mei smiled, but also did not give Chu Feng an answer, but just out of the door, but then turned back: "If you really do not understand why, it can be regarded as I simply want to draw you."After this sentence, Su Mei left and looked at the slowly closing door. Chu Feng's heart was a warm one. Regardless of why, Su Mei was really good for him.Sitting on the bedside, Chu Feng can't wait to open up the finest mystery technique. Only then can he discover that this mysterious technique is really a skill to manipulate the spiritual power.You can let the spiritual force walk and observe something. As long as the spirit is strong enough, even if someone hides the breath, you can see through his strength.Even a good grasp can allow invisible spiritual forces to interfere with the other’s consciousness and can also play an unexpected role in battle.All in all, this mysterious technique is definitely a good thing. For Chu Feng, there will be great use.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!