Chapter 53—Character Maps (Additions 35) According to the cultivation of refined and mysterious techniques, Chu Feng began to practise his spiritual control.Almost every time except eating and sleeping, they are studying. During the hard cultivation of Chufeng, more and more people enter the ancient city of the wilderness. Later, the wilderness city is overcrowded, and many people have to be stationed outside the ancient city of wilderness. .However, as Sumei expected, the people of Qinglongzong did arrive. Although the people sent by Qinglong Dzong did not have as many as thousands of people, they were all core elder and core disciples. They were elites.With the arrival of more and more forces, this ancient city of wilderness has really become a mess of people. Conflicts and conflicts occur almost every day. Looking at the situation, Chu Feng knows that there will be one after the opening of the cemetery. bloody battle.At this moment, Chu Feng stood in the window and looked at a Qiangzong elders on the street. Suddenly his eyes closed, and his mouth lifted a hint of a smile: “Emperor Wujin, the elders of Qianfengzong are very common.”After a few days of cultivation, Chu Feng has mastered the control methods of the spiritual power. As long as the strength of the opponent is not too different from his own, Chu Feng can see through their cultivation."This thing, it should be infused with spiritual power can be pushed." Closed the window, Chu Feng and that sector spirit compass was taken out.In these days, besides assimilating that mysterious technique, Chu Feng also looked through the other books scouring the old man. Some of them actually were the records of a spiritual psychiatrist. The role of the compass.Chu Feng is also aware that this real spiritual compass is indeed a treasure, can find a trace of life in the matrix method, you can find a way out of the maze, that is simpler, this is a treasure tool.“Chu”, a movement of Chu Feng’s ideas, an invisible spiritual force overflowed from the brain, like an invisible snake, swimming in the air, and finally integrated into the spiritual compass.At the moment when the spiritual power was integrated, the font on the Spiritual Compass even launched a faint glimmer of light and rose out of the spirit compass and began to spin around the Spirit Spirit compass.“Sure enough, it was a baby!” When he saw Chufeng, he knew that the real compass was a genuine product, but as long as he took it into the ancient tomb, he would certainly have an unexpected effect.After all, the cemeteries of the strong Xuanwujing people do not bother to think about it, and there must be a lot of crisis in institutions, which is why the forces of all parties send top players.Chu Feng has this spiritual compass, even if his strength is not good, but it will also take up some opportunities, at least able to protect themselves in that ancient tomb.“唰” Chu Feng pointed the compass against the Qiankun bag, and the spell on the Qiankun bag swiveled, and inhaled the circle spirit compass that was several times bigger than it. This is exactly the mystery of the Qiankun bag. .Chu Feng satisfied with the pockets of the heaven and earth patted the pocket, then lying on the bed, but suddenly he was bright, suddenly remembered his chest, the strange spells from the tomb of Wan Bone."I don't know this thing, can I use spiritual power to find out if I want to know one or two?"Think of it here, Chu Feng is not neglect, a spiritual power will be put into the chest of the spell, and this investment does not matter, that strange spell, actually there is really a trace of volatility.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng quickly stood up and began to control the spiritual power in the brain, and constantly poured it into his chest. At this moment, the strange spell attached to his chest actually penetrated his clothes and floated. Out.In front of Chufeng, a huge drawing was formed. With the continuous infusion of the spiritual power of Chu Feng, the drawings made up of spells began to slowly rotate. Although it was very complex, Chu Feng was vaguely visible. This should be a map.“Is it that the bones and tombs really are a treasure? This is the map that opens the Tomb of the Bone!”Chu Feng was excited because most of this shows that this strange spell is not only harmless to him, but is likely to be a fortune."Yao" was just that, just as the map was about to take shape, Chu Feng's head was tingling and his spiritual power was actually consumed."It seems like you want to interpret the map and you need a very strong spiritual force." Rubbing the painful head, Chu Feng was not sad and smiling.Because today's harvest is so great that anyone who thinks of himself and hides a map that can unlock his treasures will be excited.After the spiritual power was restored, Chu Feng tried to put his spiritual power into his own Dantian. Because of the hidden things there, it was his best oddity.Just because of it, his Dantian had a barrier, and the spiritual power could not enter. This result initially made Chu Feng very depressed, but soon Chu Feng was ecstatic.If his spiritual power fails to penetrate his pubic region, it also means that other people with spiritual power can not find out about his tanda. In this way, he has secrets of the thunder and mines in Dantian and will not be affected by people. Know.Feeling great, Chu Feng walked out of the inn and wanted to breathe. Just how far away, he was attracted by a curse."Mother's, let you steal, see if you still stole, died crying Hanako, killing you!"In a certain hutong, two big, three-big Hans are encircling a man. His hair is messy and his clothes are broken.In the face of such things, Chu Feng did not want to control, but Chu Feng was shocked to find that such a name was called Hanako. In the Han Dynasty, he was actually unmoved, but he was still eating his own buns.Out of curiosity, Chu Feng spread his spiritual power out. But after that, he was penetrated by Hanako. However, the result was that it was an ordinary person who had never practiced military practice. But how can an ordinary person have such a good system?"Stop!" Feeling wrong, Chu Feng blocked the opening.Seeing that some people criticized the two Hans, they were also in a hurry to stop. Especially after seeing the appearance of Chu Feng, he felt that he was a man of military cultivation, so his attitude was very polite."How is it?" Chu Feng asked."This is called Hanako steal our buns." One replied."He stole the bun and counted it on my account. In addition, he went to get ten steamed buns." Chu Feng handed over several coins to the Han."Yes, yes....." The Dahan did not neglect. He quickly picked up ten buns and departed.At this moment, there are only two people in this hutong: Chu Feng and Hua Qingzi. Chu Feng carefully looked at the name Hana.Found that the other is not very young, but the appearance of middle-aged, and eyes sluggish, like unconsciousness, Chu Feng gave him a bun, he would eat, do not give him he does not grab, just stared at the buns in the hands of Chu Feng , keep swallowing.At this moment, Chu Feng’s pupil suddenly enlarged. He was shocked to find that there was a strange scar on the forehead of the Dahan. It was said that the scar was not appropriate, because it was born and brought out of the flesh.The reason why he said he was strange is because its shape is very strange, like a flame, and it gives a sense of life, as if it is burning.Out of curiosity, Chu Feng stuck his fingers and tried to touch the flaming scar.But Chu Feng had just met that scar, but Han suddenly yelled, as if he had become a person. As a hand, he grasped Chu Feng's wrist firmly.At this moment, Chu Feng’s face changed greatly, and her dark voice was not good. He could clearly feel that the layers of terror were enough to make him suffocate. He was rushing out of the palm of his hand and rushed into his body. It would take no more than a moment for him to go. He would die and die.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!