The fifty-fourth chapter crazy crazy Hanako (Gakry 36) strong pressure, like waves, wave after wave, constantly pouring into the body of Chu Feng.The terrible power to crush the Chu Feng's internal organs, the painful sensation made Chu Feng want to shout.But what is most strange is that he can't even speak out, as if he had even been deprived of his voice. In front of this power, he lost all his ability to resist.But at that moment, it was a screaming at Hanako. Like being frightened, he not only let go of the palm of Chu Feng’s hand, but also continued to step backwards until he leaned against the wall before bending down. Crouched in the corner.However, he would occasionally take a peek at Chu Feng, but the more he was afraid, the more he would start to hold his head and shiver.This change made Chu Feng overwhelmed. After looking around for a while, he found that there was no semi-personal figure. This meant that Hua Zi was talking to himself. This made Chu Feng feel wrong. He stepped forward with courage. Road: "Do you know me?""Don't come over. I beg of you. I beg you to let go of me. I have already done what you want me to do. Please let me go. I don't want to die!"However, when Chu Feng was not close yet, it was called Hanako. Then suddenly he waved with a big sleeve and a powerful force swept away. When the wind dissipated, Chu Feng's discovery of panic was called Hanako. It disappeared without a trace, leaving no trace of breath.At this moment, Chu Feng’s face is extremely complex and his heart is astonished. Because in the previous scene, people could see the mad, angry Hua Zi, but it was a strong Wuxi, a true strong, and strong. Unpredictable, unable to determine repair.However, the most surprising thing about Chu Feng was that Hua Zizi seemed to know him and he was very scared of him. Although he did not know the specific reasons, Chu Feng felt vaguely that Hua Zi was likely to know his life experience.For his own life, his righteous father Chu Yuan has never mentioned it, but Chu Feng has never been asked because he used to think that since his parents abandoned him, he has no reason to go to them. Such parents are not. It is worth looking for him.However, when he encountered this name Hua Zi, his thoughts completely changed, why is it that Hua Xia, who had been repaired, would be mad, and what does he have to do with himself? Who is his parent? Or is it something that happened years ago?Various questions, such as the general influx of tides into the brains of Chu Feng, made him more and more curious about his own life experience. The general feeling may not be as simple as he thought. His own life experience does not seem as ordinary as he expected."Hey, I've been looking for you for a long time. How do you run this?" But at this moment, a sweet voice sounded, and he looked to see Sumei standing in the alley and watching him, and began to walk toward him. It seems that there is something urgent."What happened?" Upon seeing this, Chu Feng rushed to sort out his emotions and asked with a smile.“The location of the cemetery has already been announced. Now that the forces have rushed there, we must also pass it as soon as possible. Otherwise, we are afraid that even the leftovers will not be eaten.” Su Mei’s face was eager and he took Chu Feng and left.As Su Mei said, the map of the graveyard was finally announced, but no one knows who the person who published the map is, but people can be sure that the person has obtained huge benefits simply from the map being sold. .The forces of all parties have gathered together and people are moving at the fastest speed to the place where the cemetery is located. By this time, the smell of gunpowder from all sides is becoming more and more concentrated, especially the Qinglong and Qianfeng cases. Between, size and friction continue to occur.This made Chu Feng fortunate, fortunately to listen to the Soviet Union and the United States, did not wear the clothing of Qinglong Zong, or with the strength of several of their people, if they were watched by the Qiangzong people, most of them would be dead."Look at it, that is the core disciple of my Qinglongzong.""Is it up again? It is already true that the tomb has not yet been opened. If the treasure is really found, isn't it going to be a blood stream?"In the desert, one person from Chufeng once saw a disciple of Qinglongzong and clashes with more than a dozen Qianfeng disciples.The person of Qinglongzong, dressed in a blue robe, is obviously the core disciple. Although Qian Zongzong has many people, he is an inner-door disciple.The core disciple had a spiritual and eclectic cultivation, and he practiced Xuan Gong and mastered four sections of martial arts. Therefore, in the face of a group of mobs, he took absolute advantage, and quickly knocked down all the disciples of Qianfengzong. Countless people watching the amazing."Oh, it seems that my choice of Qinglongzong is still correct. Sending an elite is always better than sending a shrimp to be bullied." As a person of Qinglong Zong, looking at his own victory, he always feels rapturous."Don't mind your own business. Our current identity is only a passerby!" However, Su Mi, who has always been fond of watching lively performances, has performed extremely abnormally at this moment. Not only has he not stopped to watch, but has accelerated the pace of advancement."Suemeimeimei!" And when the call was heard, people only knew that the core disciple of Qinglongzong actually knew Sumei.Hearing this call, the Soviet Union and the United States did not mean to stop. Instead, it accelerated the speed of the forward movement. However, that person quickly caught up and was stopped by Sumei."Suemeimei is really you, how your brother told you not to look back." That core disciple smiled."It turned out that Zhou Brothers couldn't think of such a skill. He met you here." Su Mei pretending to behave."Oh, don't call this out of the way. Just call me Zhiyuan's brother." The core disciple smiled wickedly, and at the same time he spoke with a pair of thief eyes, and restlessly swept on Su Mei's body.At this moment, Wing Meng and others screamed badly. Everyone can see the core disciple and want to try to defeat Su Mei.If you change to be someone else, Wing Meng’s people have already stepped forward to block or even take lessons. However, now they are not only disciples of the same ancestral door, but also a core disciple. For such people, even Wing Meng’s members are also It's a bit taboo.After all, they are able to become core disciples and their strength is very strong. They all can be regarded as the dragons in the human race and they have a high status. It is reasonable to say that their inner disciples who meet their core disciples must come forward. How to salute, how dare to offend."Saimei Shimei should also come for the cemetery of the strong Xuanwu stronghold. You must be afraid of unnecessary trouble if you look like this dress, but you don't have to be afraid. Follow me to make sure no one dares to bully you. ”Between speeches, this core disciple shamelessly smiled and actually stretched out a black hand and wanted to go to the Soviet Union. This guy was very fast and had almost no chance to respond to the Soviet Union and the United States. He intended to take up the cost of the Soviet Union and the United States.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!