The fifty-fifth chapter Xiao Ye called Chu Feng (Jade 37) But just when he was about to succeed, Chu Feng suddenly appeared next to Su Mei, and he brought Su Mei into his arms, making Su Mei Avoid the black hands of the core disciple.This scene can make the core disciple face change greatly, suddenly shot two Hanmang eyes, eyes that wait to kill Chu Feng on the spot.However, Chu Feng ignored him, but smiled and looked at Su Mi in her arms: "Baby, do you know him?"Upon seeing this, Su Mei smiled sweetly and said, "I am not familiar with it.""Oh, don't talk to unfamiliar people later. Girls should pay attention to their senses." Chu Feng whispered the Soviet Union's hair as he spoke, ignoring the feeling of the core disciple."Knowing." And the United States and the United States is also a bird-like response should be like, as if the two are really lovers in love."Kid, who are you?" The core disciple looked green and ran up anger, pointing to Chu Maple.It's hard to get here and meet Sumei, the little beauty, thought he could take the opportunity to take advantage of this, but he couldn't think of half-way out of this kid, which made him extremely upset."Who are you?" Chu Feng did not answer, but he quibbled."Who am I? I am the core disciple of Qinglong Zong, Zhou Zhiyuan.""Hey, you are Zhou Zhiyuan?"This time, Mo is said to be the core disciple, Zhou Zhiyuan. Even the members of the Wing Meng onlookers have also shocked the underground bar.This Chu Feng courage is too great, even dared to face the face of the core disciple of this kind, but also stunned stunned and shrill, all people are aware that Chu Feng is about to be an imminent.Sure enough, the week was overbearing shot, he picked up his arm, the hard palm with winds of wind, against the maple cheeks will be over.At this moment, Su Mei Liu Meiwei wrinkled, run aura will have to shoot, but it feels a soft force to push her away, it is Chu Feng.After the Soviet Union and the United States were pushed away, Chu Feng headed sideways and avoided Zhou Zhiyuan's face. At the same time, he took a step forward and struck out, and he hurled against Zhou Zhiyuan's chest.See Chu Feng not only escaped his attack, but also sent him such a fierce offensive, making Zhou Zhiyuan greatly surprised, and quickly running Xuan Gong, homeopathic punch and Chu Feng's oncoming fist banged together."Yao," the two fists are relatively strong, the strength of the two people are all backstepping a few steps, although Chu Feng face calm, but that week Zhiyuan may face a big change.Lingwu Sixth Army, a six-in-arms boy, hard-smashed with him, even if he fights it up and down, and the sense of numbingness that was handed up at the moment, let him know that the juvenile's body in front of him seems to be very It is amazing, it is simply reinforced steel."There are two children, you dare to report on the name!" After discovering Chu Feng is not simple, that week Chih-yuan did not once again shot, but asked Chu Feng to come."Xiao Ye does not change the name does not change the name, Qing Longzong's inner door disciple, Chu Feng is also!" And Chu Feng is high-pitched, loudly reported on the name."Chu Feng, well, I remember you.""A disciple in a district, not only did he not pay a visit to the core brother, but also dared to disrespect me. You better not let me see you again, otherwise you will not be able to take it."After coldly speaking these words, Zhi Zhiyuan and his vicious scorpion gave Chu Feng a look that quickly blew away."Chu Feng Brothers, you are too powerful. But Zhou Zhiyuan was the core disciple who had practiced Xuan Gong. He has the strength of the Wujin Eight Powers. However, you could hardly take him a punch, and you don't lose out. I'm really admired. ”"The Chufeng Brothers, your strength is even in my wing league, and it definitely can be ranked in the top ten. My Peaches are also admirable.""Spiritual power is really powerful. When the Chufeng brothers are developed in the future, don't forget our two brothers."After Zhi Yuan’s departure in that week, the white pheasants, Ye Taozi, Long Brother, and Tiger’s brother who had previously not dared to look around in the distance all leaned over and his face was full of admiration.The Six-Embossment of Lingwu and the Eight Diagrams of Lingwu can be dealt with calmly and comfortably. Such strength is simply what they have not seen before and never heard of.However, surprised by the surprise, they did not doubt the system of Chu Feng too much, but simply felt Chu Feng was relying on spiritual power to become so strong.“We still have a chance to catch up as soon as possible. I believe the masters of Yuanwujing have already arrived at the cemetery and will not hurry up. Even the residual soup will not be able to fish out.” Su Mei looked at the map and called for continuation.When people set foot on the road again, Su Mei quietly walked beside Chu Feng and whispered: “You guys are terrible.”"What's wrong?" Chu Feng was puzzled."You have just used Breath method, otherwise it is impossible to resist the punch of Zhou Zhiyuan.""Yeah, I used Breath. What's so scary?""You guys know how long I used that breath method?""It took me a whole year to master this breathing method, but it took you only a few days!""You want to boast that I'm too smart, or want to say you're too dull."A scream was heard and Chu Feng’s arm was green again. For the two of them, Bai Yin and others had long been used to it.In fact, people with discerning eyes can see that the relationship between Sumei and Chufeng is unusual, so even if they are on the road, they will deliberately pull away for a while so as not to bother the two.Looking at the cheeky grin and constantly rubbing Chu Feng of his own arm, Su Mei grinned and said softly: "Thank you."“What?” Chu Feng was confused and did not know what to sell."You are a smart person. I think you must know what to offend that week Zhichi, what will be facing in the future, but you still choose to help me, I .....""Whatever you say, don't think about it. You remember, don't say that you are a core disciple. Even if the strongest people dare to bully you, I will stand by you without hesitation and help you teach him!"“Because, you are the person I Chu Feng wants to protect!” After completing this sentence, Chu Feng smiled brilliantly and continued on the road.It was actually Su Mei stopped in place, a pair of beautiful flashes, her emotions on her face were very complicated. She felt for the first time that this young man who had just met her was so reliable.Suddenly, Sumei smiled and jumped with a small hand, and chased after Chu Feng. She smiled very sweet and was really sweet, because this kind of sweetness came from the heart.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!