Chapter 56 Dare to approach those who kill (Gaya 38) Chu Feng et al. Followed the map and proceeded to the so-called cemetery before finally getting dark.At this moment, the cemetery has already been opened. Although there are still a large number of people flowing inwards, it is impossible to see the figure of the strong in the Yuanwu territory. This shows that the top strongmen have long since entered."Is it really enough to get some scraps of leftovers?" Looking at such a scene, how many people have a little disappointed."If you don't hurry up, I'm afraid I can't even see the grain." Instead, Chu Feng smiled indifferently and took the lead and rushed in.This cemetery was built under the desert, and the scale is beyond people's imagination. On both sides of the wide passageway, there are luminous stones. The road that is paved with this mysterious stone is bright and bright.And along the passage less than 50 meters, there will be a circular hall, this hall is brightly lit, magnificent, very beautiful, Chu Feng is the first time to see such a luxurious interior decoration.However, this circular hall is not the end. On the contrary, there are dozens of passages here, and each passage is very deep and there is no end in sight.“Chu Feng, which one should we go?” Looking at the maze-like passage, Su Mei and others all turned their gaze to Chu Feng. At this moment, Chu Feng, who has spiritual power, has become a group of people. The main skeleton."These passages are so deep that they cannot be detected at all. They can only bet on luck."Chu Feng shook his head helplessly, but did not hesitate to take care to select a channel, he rushed in, and the United States and the United States followed.Not long after entering the channel, we found that there were many doors on both sides of the channel, and some of the doors had been opened. We could see that there was a lot of elixir inside, and many people were in the room and smashed in order to snatch the elixir.Chu Feng spread his spiritual power out and discovered the most solid Xuan Tie Gate. When he came to that door, apart from anything else, he displayed a second type of Thunder III. He saw a thunder-light, and it was strong. Xuan iron door lock, it was broken by Chu Feng.Open Xuan Tie Gate, suddenly a burst of Aura come face to face, to the elixir, celestial medicine, immortality, everything, there are thousands of strains, a dazzling array of room placed on the bracket."This is where the cemetery is, it is a treasure house!"Upon seeing this, everyone was overjoyed because they knew that this time it was time to make a fortune because, like this room, there were at least dozens in this passage."Bai Long, Bai Hu, Ye Tao Zi, Zhang Ting-Zi, you four are guarding the gates, Bai Ju, Su Mei, and the three of us are receiving elixirs."After that, Chu Feng and Su Mei Bai Kuang rushed in. They picked up the Qiankun bags and began to collect these elixirs. They were either inferior or top grade. All the elixirs were left alone."Let's go and kill you if you don't let go.""This room was opened by us. The elixir here is ours.""Fart, the things here are all things that are indifferent, and what you say is yours is yours?"At this time, the door rang out loud, and looked back. They only saw Dragon Brothers and their brothers. They had already fought with a group of Dahan.This group of Hans did not know which power they belonged to, but their strength was not weak. Five of them had reached the seven levels of Lingwu and they had suppressed their brothers and brothers."Trick or treat, they want to take advantage of the fishermen." Upon seeing this, Su Mei and Bai Yan were all unusually angry.Because as early as when they opened the Xuan Tie Gate, they saw this group of people. This group of people did not open any door, but stood in the channel and waited and watched it change. After Chu Feng and others opened it, they rushed. Came over.“You continue to collect, I will stop them.” Chu Feng threw his Qiankun bags to Sumei, and he strode toward the crowd.At this moment, the Han Dynasty is struggling with the brothers and brothers of the Dragon Brothers. Chu Feng is like a ghostly killer. He saw the thunder and raging blood and the blood flowed in. There was only a blink of an eye and five screams came out. The three Lingwu six heavyweights, the two Han soldiers with seven spiritual strengths, have fallen into a pool of blood and have no breath.This scene can frighten the group of Dahan, quickly put away the soldiers in the hands, and receded, pointing to Chu Feng Road: "Boy, you dare to kill his hands and know who we are?"“唰” However, when the voice of the man just fell, Chu Feng will appear like a ghost in front of his body, palms like a blade, saw the flash of cold light, that person is already flying from the head, is the first place.After killing the man neatly, Chu Feng's body was full of blood. He stood in front of the mysterious iron gate, and he exuded two Hanmang in his eyes. He only said five words: "Dare to be near, kill!"The powerful murderousness, like an invisible hurricane, scared the big Hans back and forth and looked at the six members who died on the ground. Although this group of people was angry, no one dared to step forward.They were all scared by Chu Feng’s prestige. Not to mention Chu Feng was still young, but everyone could see that this young man was very hot and could be said to be a real killer.After biting his teeth, a big man who seemed to be a leader snorted. This group of people looked at Chu Feng with a deep meaning and rushed to other rooms.At this moment, the brothers and sisters of Dragon Brothers, Ye Taozi, and Zhang Tingzi are very complicated to look at Chu Feng's eyes because they are still teenagers. Although they have experienced many things, they haven’t touched their lives.However, Chu Feng was different. The murderousness on his body was a false one. He would really kill, and he had already done so. When he did it, he had no mercy. Therefore, only people like Chu Feng were The murderousness emitted will be cold and biting, making people fear and fear.At this moment, the trio secretly rejoiced, fortunately Chu Feng is their teammates rather than the enemy, otherwise they really can not imagine, in the face of such enemies, will fall into what kind of dangerous situation."Don't be in a daze, you all go in and get the elixir. Here I can keep it alone." Chu Feng was a four-person."En” and the four people rushed in without hesitation. At the moment, Chu Feng's status in their hearts had already changed. Where was the newcomer who had just joined Wing Meng, they became the leaders of their actions.After that, Chu Feng and others began to open several mysterious iron gates one after another. The elixir in each room was much richer than others.In the meantime, there are also many people who are not long-sighted and want to snatch Chu Feng’s labor, but only one result is death.At the end of the trip, Chu Feng’s murderousness was getting stronger and stronger. Almost people just looked at him and rushed around, fearing to come to this comet, because that bitter murderousness was not a joke.After leaving the rooms on both sides of the channel, after only a few roads have not yet been opened, Chu Feng decided to no longer snatch these people, but continued to deepen. As for the purpose, it was to take the initiative.Although up till now, they have received nearly 10,000 strains of elixir, but most of them are under-products, and the best is nothing but the top-notch spiritual medicine.As for the apothecary spirit “Lingzhu” has not been found so far, so they unanimously feel that there will be better treasures in the depths of the cemetery. After all, this is the cemetery of the strong Xuanwujing.Only when they went deeper to a certain extent, a strong bloody smell spread from time to time, and when they entered a spacious hall, almost everyone was shocked by the scene!This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!