The fifty-seventh chapter The spacious hall of the old royal family (Gaya 39) is full of dead bodies. It can be seen from the clothes that these people were the only ones who broke into the graveyard.And around the body, there are many humanoid monsters. The reason they call them humanoid monsters is because they are extremely ugly, bloody appearance, like people who have been stripped of the skin, very scary.And their body, even exudes the flavor of the military repairers, the weakest is the six spiritual and spiritual forces, but some of them have even been Lingwu Jiuzhong.At the moment, these strange monsters are scrounging on the flesh and blood of the corpses. They are even more brutal and terrible than the savage beasts.The most important thing is that there are hundreds of these monsters, occupying almost everywhere in the hall. This way, if you want to reach the other side of the hall, unless you have the strongest players in Yuanwujing, you will be the master of Lingwu Jiuju. Few more."It's a dead body. There are so many dead bodies. This... It's too cruel!"At this moment, Su Meiyu covered her mouth with her hands, and her beauty was so round that she was filled with incomparable shock."Soviet America, do you know these things?"Chu Feng is equally thrilling. Through the observation of spiritual power, he can discover that these monsters, except for the absence of epidermis, are almost the same everywhere in the body, and most of these illustrate that these monsters are evolved."There is a poison in the world called blood poison. The blood poison is made from thousands of kinds of poisonous substances.""As long as someone devours this poison and can't cure it, he will be deprived of intelligence within half an hour. Since then, he will never die and become immortal. It will become a deadly killing tool because after the change, it will fade away and cover up. Only the bloody muscles are left, so they are called Blood Corpses."“Some people would use this poison to make blood corpses in order to prevent their cemeteries from being stolen and put them in their cemeteries. I couldn’t think of that... I couldn’t think that there were so many dead bodies here. The owner of this cemetery was too Cruelty."After Su Mei's remarks, everyone was sucking a cold air and turning living creatures into such monsters. This method is indeed awkward."So the Soviet Union, do you know what these guys have?"Chu Feng and others stood outside the temple. Blood corpses could clearly see them, but they did not attack them. However, the people in the hall were obviously killed by blood dead bodies. Therefore, Chu Feng felt that this blood body was neither Complete humanity certainly has some kind of weakness."Blood corpses have no eyes, no intelligence, only the desire to kill, they rely on the sense of smell to distinguish between food and the same, in addition to the same class, all creatures close to their sense of smell, they will be mercilessly hunted." Said."You mean that they rely on the sense of smell to distinguish their friends and foes?" Chu Feng brightened."Yes," Su and the United States nodded in response."If so, I have a way to go." Chu Feng laughed.“What is the solution?” Listening to him this way, everyone is thrilled and in front of him is a dead end, but if Chu Feng really has a way to go, then waiting for them will be a huge treasure."It's just a bit of an idea. As far as management is concerned, it needs to be verified. You are here waiting for me."After that, Chu Feng stepped into the main hall. He breathed and ran tightly, and he went straight to a six-cartoon blood body and galloped away.And when Chu Feng was close to the blood dead body within ten meters, the blood corpse actually sent out a low beak like a beast, gnashing his teeth and licking his mouth suddenly. As if he was hungry and hungry, he rushed over against Chu Feng.“唰唰” However, when I saw Chu Feng’s arm waving, at the time of Hanmang’s shooting, the complete blood body was actually torn apart, scattered everywhere, and the blood body was very strange. Don’t look at the bloody body. But after being crushed, it did not spill a drop of blood."This kid is terrible." Looking at the neat incision of the bloody corpse, look at the palm of Chu Feng's hand.Although the cultivation to this level, the flesh will indeed be strong like steel, ordinary weapons can hardly hurt them, but as Chu Feng uses the palm to do the edge, and is so sharp, it is actually rare, at least at their level, basic No.But when Chu Feng made his next move, they were completely shocked. They saw that Chu Feng had killed several blood dead bodies one after another, and then used the clothing of the deceased as a rope to tie up the broken arm of the blood dead body. , tied to your own waist and legs."What is this guy Chu Feng doing? He took the blood corpse, disgusting....." Zhang Tingzi, who was a girl, covered her hands and could not afford it."Continuing to watch it, he must have thought of him." Instead, Su Mei tightly stared at Chu Feng, looking forward to his next step.At this moment, a startling scene took place. Chu Feng actually jumped up and stepped up. His goal was the centre of the bloody corpse.This can terrify the Soviet Union and the United States and others. The blood corpses in the center of the Great Hall are very powerful. Some of them have already reached the level of reliance. If they attack from the group, even if it is Chufeng, they will instantly die. This is simply court death.But the next moment, they were shocked again, because they discovered with surprise that Chu Feng shuttled in the blood corpse group. The dead body actually ignored Chu Feng, as if it did not smell its taste."I know that it is using the odor of the bloody corpse to cover his breath, so as to avoid the detection of blood corpse." Su Mei finally said in surprise."In fact, this way, this way, he can think of a loss." At the same time, several other people also suddenly realized that his face is showing his admiration.Afterwards, with this method of Chu Feng, everyone successfully avoided the blood corpse and finally safely reached the other end of the hall and finally could continue to go deeper.After walking one kilometer along the passage, there was a stone gate in front, and after the door was pushed open, Chu Feng and others were all overjoyed.At this moment, what appeared before them was a huge cave. The cave was very wide, reaching up to 100 feet. It was just a rocky world. The rocks here were very special, and they gave off a ray of green light. They were very beautiful. Pretty.However, they can only look at the beauty of the cave and can't touch the rock, because at the moment they are on a cliff.At the top of the cliff, a stone monument with a height of ten meters was erected. Above the stone monument, there were a few characters inscribed in the dragon dance:“The old man repaired Wu at the age of 10, entered the territory of Yuanwu at the age of 16, entered the Xuanwu area at the age of 25, and was already a basaltic figure at the age of 40. However, when he was 100 years old, he still could not comprehend the mystery of that day. That's a sense of the sky.""I didn't regret it, the old man studied for decades, and finally he created the avatar and martial arts." Although he did not enter Tianwu, he could also step into the air and feel the wonders of walking through the sky.""The dynasty technique was the brains of the old man. Once the characters wanted to learn, they were all rejected by the old man. Now the dynasty technique is in the tomb of the old man and they are to be fetched by the king. However, I can hardly learn from it. If you want to get the wind, you must look at the strength of everyone.""It turned out to be him!" Su Mei was shocked after reading the handwriting on the tombstone."Suemei, you know him?" Chu Feng asked curiously.But not yet to speak with Soviet Union and the United States, the White Pelicans took the lead and said: "If you haven't guessed correctly, this predecessor was one hundred years ago, and it was the first master of Qingzhou in Qingzhou and the oldest player in the city."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!