The fifty-eighth chapter of the narrow family road (Gan more 40), "Yongkong old man, turned out to be him?" Long brother tiger brother shocked, apparently they have heard this name."The dynasty technique is the quipment of the old Yukio, but few people know the name of that martial art. So now, it must be the cemetery of the old dynasty." Sumei explained."I don't think the senior of this predecessor will be buried here. No wonder no one has ever known where he is going." Ye Taozi also sighed."Look at it, there is something under the stone." At this moment, Zhang Tingzi suddenly exclaimed, and ran to the stone monument.At this time, people also noticed that there was a wooden box under the stone tablet. When they opened it, everyone was overjoyed.The gold in the box flickered, and all the inside of the box were actually the bead. Although the box is not large, the volume of the bead is also very small. Therefore, there are at least hundreds of spirits and hundreds of spirit beads. Can be divided into more than a dozen, this time really made a big deal.In the case of Dragon Brothers and other brothers, when ecstatic with Spiritual Pearl, Chu Feng went to the end of the cliff, and looked down, not allowing the brows to crease.The cliff was very deep, but on the edge of the cliff, there were a few vines hanging down and falling into the fog and disappearing.The fog covered everything, but the following world couldn't be seen at all, but Chu Feng was able to feel it. The dense mist filled the mist.“The Royal Air Art is a peculiar martial arts technique. At first, the old empty old man leaned on it, but it was able to step through the air and walk on thousands of miles. Although it was not in the air, it was already envied by the majesty of Tianwu. ."“But it is a pity that the elder’s elderly are weird. Not only have they not joined any forces, but they have not had a friend. Many young Junjie want to come under his door, but only one result is obtained. It is a rejection.”“So the Okinawa technique has long been lost for a hundred years. Some people estimate that the Okinawa technique can be classified as at least seven pieces of martial arts, but you have to know that the best martial arts in my area in Qingzhou is only six pieces of martial arts. It is even that there are no six military skills.”"This time, if someone succeeds in getting the Omega technique, it will be a big profit.""I have to say that this time we took the Grand Canal and actually mistakenly made a mistake and entered the cemetery of the old empty old man. It's just a pity that our strength is not good. We passed the big fortune." Clouds and clouds, Su Meimei flashing, carrying a small mouth, it is regrettable."Is this aerospace old man so powerful?"Chu Feng had never heard of the name of the old empty old man. He suddenly felt that he was like a poor boy who grew up in a remote mountain village and did not understand anything.The Soviet Union and the United States, who are the wealthy young masters who grew up in the city, are similar in age, but they are influenced by the people around them and their experience is far wider than him, and indeed it is.“Is it a joke that you thought you were the first master in Qingzhou?”“If the current news of the old cemetery of the Imperial Air Force was passed out, enough to vibrate the entire Qingzhou region, the forces of all parties would be crazy about it and would send the best masters in the first place.”“At that time, not to mention that we were not able to enter this cemetery and fish in troubled waters. Even Qinglongzong and Qianfengzong were unqualified. At that time, it would be the first-class gate of the world, so I said, we have gone a long way. "Look," said Sumei.After listening to Su Mei's words, Chu Feng's eyes were brighter and brighter. He gazed at the sea of ​​fog underneath, and suddenly he had a crazy idea.The misfortune of a hundred years of airborne art is likely to be in the clouds below. He has no reason to lose his hand.“砰” may be at this time, a loud noise came from behind the broken cliff, looking back at the United States and the United States are all face changes, even Chu Feng is also slightly frowned up.The six tall men, each with clear-cut eyes and extraordinary momentum, are all dressed in blue robes and exudes the spirit of the Eight Immortals. These are all the core disciples of Qinglong Zong, and among them are acquaintances. It was Zhou Zhiyuan who had been involved with Chu Feng before."Oh, I can't think of someone who has already made it in the first place. If you look like this, it's still a grown-up doll. How could you come here?""It seems that we have underestimated the people here. Sure enough, apart from us, some people know how to pass through the blood corpse group."Those core disciples, after seeing Chu Feng and others, were very surprised, but it can be seen from their words that they did not put Chu Feng and others in their eyes."It's really narrow at home, Sumei's sister, we met again." At this moment, Zhiyin smiled and opened his mouth that week."Soviet? Is it Su Lu's sister? It was a few of them. Did you disrespect you?""Yes, it is they, especially the boy, it's really daunting." Zhou Zhiyuan pointed his fingers at Chu Feng, who was on the top of the steep cliff. A sneer came out of his mouth."Ziyuan, how do you want to deal with the kid, we help you." The eyes of others have become cold, as the core disciple, even offended by the inner disciple, for them this is intolerable."We chilled our brother's life and charged the spiritual beads at the cliffs of all passages. Those who obstruct us are all killed." Zhou Zhiyuan."Zhou Zhiyuan, as the doorman, do you dare to kill us?" Su Mi scolded.“Why don’t you wear the clothing of Qinglongzong at the same door? If you don’t wear costumes, you don’t put Tsing Lungzong in your eyes, and you do not think of yourself as a disciple of Qinglong. For such people, we should eliminate it.”"But you mustn't be afraid of Sumei's sister. How could I bear to kill you in Zhou Zhiyuan? I will only enjoy you, eh ...." Here, Zhou Zhiyuan's lips show a shameless smile."You ....." When you heard this, Sumei's little face was white and really angered. She couldn't think that Zhiyuan would be shameless to this point this week."Zhiyuan, this is not very good, how can I say that she is also Su Lu's own sister." Another core disciple spoke up, despite saying so, but a pair of eyes had long been restless and a lot of Sumei's jade body."Ladies and gentlemen, I think you must know that Su Luna is my first beautiful woman in Qinglong Zong. It is just that Sulu is very arrogant and we can't get close to it. It is bound to be missed.""And her sister Sumei, no matter how handsome or tall, is no worse than her. It will certainly be a fairy when she grows up. Now there are great opportunities. Don't you want to taste it, this petite beauty?" It was also direct, but actually directly stated its intentions."Haha, Zhiyuan, since the words have already spoken about this part, hesitant about what, spring is worth a thousand dollars ah." Finally, one of them could not wait to be forced to Chu Feng and others.And this scene, Mo saying that Bai Yin and others, even the Soviet Union and the United States are also eyebrows and become very nervous, six core disciples, which is definitely not what they can deal with.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!