Fifty-ninth chapter Guild Wars (Gai Geng 41) “Several seniors, you just want to be the Spirit Pearl. The whole spirit here is to you, is it okay?”"No, not only Lingzhu, everything here is for you."Faced with the fact that Zhou Zhiyuan and others who were forced to come forward, the Dragon Brothers and Tigers showed fear and the body began to tremble. They even took their bags and wanted them to be handed over."How, do not want to die is it, can, for mercy to beg for mercy, facing us with one hundred horns, we will consider to spare you two dogs!" Zhou Zhiyuan and other six people, while approaching Chu Feng and others, while Teasing to look at two people.But at this moment, the brothers and brothers of the Dragons really moved and faced the choices of life and death. Even though they knew that even if they were to seek mercy, the other party might not spare them, but they still wanted to try and make a last for survival. Struggling."Bailong White Tiger, do not lose my wing ally!" See the two actually had to kneel, Sumei angry up.In spite of this, it was totally impossible to stop the two knees from slowing down, as well as the lower backs, and they seemed to have made a decision."As a man, there is a bit of dignity."But at this time, Chu Feng came over. After he glanced at his brother and brother, he walked in front of several people and swept the critically-minded gaze to six core disciples."Do you know that you have committed a capital crime!""Boy, what do you mean by this?" Hearing this, Zhou Zhiyuan and others who are really proud of it all cannot help.However, Chu Feng was a strange smile and said: "I mean, you dare to use evil in the Soviet Union and the United States, that is, you have committed a capital crime!"As soon as the voice just fell, Chu Feng’s body was already like the wind and he flew up. He actually took the lead in attacking six core disciples.And he was quick and almost swept away in front of the six core disciples. Such changes, even Zhou Zhiyuan and others who had previously been extremely aggressive, were also taken aback."Imaginary palm!" Chu Feng Xuan Gong, a few palms continuous shooting, the shadow of the sky, the sky covered with the boom out, it is difficult to know which true which is false, which is false which is true."It was a bit of a means to practice the imaginary palm to such a point.""But kid, you can't help but look down on me too much. Today I let you know the gap between the inner disciple and the core disciple."Surprised by surprise, the core disciple was the person who had met the world after all. Soon he adjusted his state of mind and operated Xuan Gong. He also displayed three pieces of martial arts skills and went to battle with Chu Feng.However, this fight does not matter, actually made six people once again be shocked, a district disciples, a district of spiritual and military six, with only a momentum, actually can pick them six undefeated, which can really let them Somewhat hard to accept.In particular, their attacks are obviously attacked from the back, but Chu Feng is like eyes behind him. If he does not look at them, he can easily escape. This makes them feel very surprised."This kid has practiced Xuan Gong, and he doesn't care about it. He will try to kill him. Otherwise, he will suffer endless trouble." Zhou Zhiyuan, who had worked with Chu Feng, knew that Chu Feng was not simple and he didn't want to spend time with Chu Feng. Four military techniques were displayed."Whirring," he opened his arms and gave birth to a strong wind. An extremely strong power was radiating from his body. He slammed a fist and blew up at Chufeng.This boxing is extremely fast and almost as fast as lightning. Even if it is Chufeng, it is impossible to dodge, and this boxing force is very strong. If it hits, Chu Feng will be able to do more harm than good."Four paragraphs of martial arts, do not think that only you will."But even so, Chu Feng is not afraid of the slightest, single-handedly master the boxing, saw the flash of lightning flashing, actually with Zhou Zhiyuan that iron fist, banging in one place.As opposed to the two fists, not only was there a harsh roar, but also a wave of embarrassment. When the two were shaken off, even the other five were also backstepping."The three styles of Thunder, this kid, actually mastered the four military techniques of my Qinglongzong.""Together with this, this child will be removed today."At the moment, several other people finally realized that Chu Feng’s mightyness, and did not dare to give the slightest effect, exerted their own quibbles, and six powerful four-piece martial arts rushed out against Chufeng.The so-called double-handed four-handed opponent, only the Lingwu six Chufeng, in the face of six Lingwu eight heavy attack, but also some too much.Faced with this situation, he had to resort to the first of the three types of thunderbolts, and he avoided the attacks of Zhou Zhiyuan and others with absolute speed. However, people with clear eyes saw Chu Feng as being in a disadvantage."Chu Feng, I'll help you." Just then, Su Mei resolutely jumped in.And at the moment, her body is full of luster, such as jade, every stroke is hit by each type, will make the air turbulence, this girl would even be four paragraphs of martial arts."I also come." Immediately afterwards, Bai Yin also jumped into the battle circle. Although he did not practice Xuan Gong, he also possessed four military skills and was also very skilled in playing.Although the other party is the core disciple, after all, it is all spiritual and spiritual cultivation, so after the Soviet Union and the United States joined Bai, the pressure on Chu Feng has indeed eased.In this case, Chu Feng retook again, and he launched a fierce attack on the week of Zhi Zhiyuan. Under the persecution of Chu Feng, Zhou Zhiyuan, the disciple who was a disciple, repulsed and was completely suppressed by Chu Feng.Finally, a flash of lightning flashed. Chu Feng punched in the chest of Zhou Zhiyuan and shook the disciple's chest and fired as far as fifty feet away."Hey, ah," felt the pain from his chest. Zhou Zhiyuan's cheeks and groaned his teeth. He wanted to stand up and found that he had not had this ability at the moment. He was seriously injured by Chu Feng.What scared him most was that Chu Feng was slowly coming to him. Every time his footsteps fell, his heart would vibrate once and for all, as if it were not the footsteps of Chu Feng but the footsteps of death."How can this kid be so powerful? Is this still man?"Zhou Zhiyuan was extremely unwilling. Although he knew that Chu Feng was very strong, he did not even think of it. Chu Feng would be strong enough to reach this point. Under single combat, he was almost not an opponent at all.In particular, today's Chu Feng is only the strength of Lieutenant King Wu. If Chu Feng and him are equal to each other, they can hardly imagine what level Chu Feng will be strong. Is it not Yuan Wu? Strong in the environment, he can also fight?At this moment, suddenly a scream came and looked back. Chu Feng's face could not help but changed slightly. I saw that Shiraki had been severely injured by a core disciple. His big blood spewed out, and he dyed his red. Clothing.Seeing that Begonia was seriously affected, the Soviet Union and the United States were shocked and shocked. At the same moment, the other five shot with each other. With the siege, five black hands were stretched together to the Soviet Union and the United States, and the position they attacked was actually All of them are restricted areas of the Soviet Union's jade.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!