The sixth chapter is he? (Plus 4) Obediently watching, at the door of the three floors, an old man with white hair is staring at himself.Chu Feng knows that this is a guardian elder who guards the Wuji Pavilion. Don't look at his age, but the strength of the elders in the court is all very strong."I would like to thank my predecessors for reminding them that their younger generation has a sense of proportion." Chu Feng walked in after he politely saluted him."Oh, it's a peculiar disciple again." The shrinegoer shook his head disappointedly.He had seen many disciples like Chu Feng, but most of them ended in failure, and they lost their lives and lost their lives.Even so, when the elders come to see new faces, they will be kind enough to remind them that more disciples will be lost.Chu Feng made a round trip on the third floor, and soon he chose a martial arts skill to get the registration before the elders."Are you sure you want to cultivate this imaginary palm?" The elders of the court watched Chu Feng with doubts."Ah." Chu Feng smiled and nodded."Have you ever seen this introduction of martial arts?" the elders continued to ask."Back to elders, the disciples have seen it." Chu Feng smiled again."Then you still choose it? This is the most difficult one for the entire Wuji Pavilion." The elders expressed their incomprehension."Back to elders, this is exactly what the disciples want to cultivate." Chu Feng always hung a smile on his face, but his eyes were unusually firm."Oh, young people nowadays really don't know how high they are." The elders sighed, but still made a registration for Chu Feng. Before handing Chu Wu techniques to Chu Feng, he added, "Cultivate martial arts and remember to retreat."Chu Feng nodded his head to accept. Although the elders had always questioned Chu Feng, Chu Feng had a good impression of him and felt he was a responsible elders.Just when Chu Feng turned around, a familiar figure passed him, actually Duan Yuxuan, and his face was very ugly.Chu Feng was not familiar with him, so he didn't think much about it, but when he was about to leave, he whispered behind him, and he also got Duan Yuxuan depressed."That's not Duan Yuxuan? He didn't have four military techniques. Why did you come here to pick martial arts? Can you say that the four-piece martial arts are in Yang Tianyu?""Don't you know yet? At the banquet last night, the elders in the inner door reminded them that the four military techniques could not be shared. Only one person could practice and return it sooner."“Listening to the elders to say this, both of them were silly, and finally clarified in front of everyone. It turned out that they were not the first place in the assessment. They killed another forty beasts.”"There was such a thing, why did they both begin to admit it?""Oh, who knows this, maybe it's because of the face, but this time they both lost their lives and lost their lives.""Indeed, but who is the first one? The outside door seems to have never heard of such a powerful person.""Forty beasts, including a fourth-order savage beast, can't imagine how fierce is that man?"Listening to these, Chu Feng shook his head with a smile and then walked upstairs and couldn’t wait to start practicing.The fourth floor is like a floor, and it is also very lively. Because most of the new disciples are still choosing martial arts, all of them are old disciples.At first glance, it is not so much a story as a floor, it is more like an arena, and there are thousands of people practicing in the office building, shouting and killing. It is quite spectacular.And, in addition to the thousands of machine-piles in the hall, there are countless secret rooms around, which is also a place of cultivation.This is a good design, like the lively, can work together with people in the hall, do not know where they can learn from each other.But like quiet, you can also choose to practice alone in a secret room. When the stone gate is closed, isolate all disturbances.Chu Feng did not join them but went to the sixth floor. Like the third floor, it is relatively quiet and there are many more places for cultivation.Chu Feng entered a secret chamber. After the stone gate was closed, he first bowed to the institution's post because he knew that, in the following, this organ pile would be devastated by him.The organ pile is made of black iron, extremely strong, so long as it attacks it, it will automatically dodge.And the speed of dodging will change according to the speed of each other's moves. Unless martial practice is accomplished, it is very difficult to hurt it, but it is the best device for practicing martial arts."The imaginary palm takes power from the palm of your hand, making the enemy invisible."Chu Feng once again watched the cultivation method of the imaginary palm, and this came to the front of the institution."Hey." He suddenly shot, saw the two palms turned into two false shadows, patted away against the two points of the organ pile."Yeah." It was just a glimpse of what it was about to hit, and that organ pile swung right and left, actually lightning-like to escape Chu Feng's attack.At this moment, Chu Feng couldn't help it, and then relievedly laughed: "It's a little bit of meaning."From this day onwards, besides eating and sleeping, Chu Feng will stay in this Wuji Pavilion on a daily basis and keep practicing.Thunder three styles, created by the Qing Longzong Kaizong founder, although extremely mysterious, but the cultivation is very difficult.The imaginary palm is the reason why the elders of the Forbidden City called it the most difficult martial arts technique in the Wuji Pavilion. It is not without reason.However, after a period of cultivation, Chu Feng has gradually learned the characteristics of the two kinds of martial arts.Thunder three styles, extremely hard and fierce, fast as thunder, as strong as tactics, each stroke can take every type of enemy life, hegemony direct.The imaginary palm is diametrically opposed. The virtual reality alternates and hits people by surprise.Although not as powerful as the Thunder III, but it is also amazing, mysticism is different.After a full 10 days, the practice of oblivion and forgotten food, Chu Feng finally mastered two kinds of martial arts skills.The imaginary palm does not say Dacheng, it is almost the same, but it is thunderbolt three styles, only practicing to the second type.But even so, when Chu Feng successfully displayed the second type, he was also shocked by its powerful power.The third floor of Wuji Pavilion, or the elders who defended the court, Chu Feng is returning the virtual palm."What happened, hit the wall, right?" The elders watched Chu Feng with some irony, his lips still hung proudly.Chu Feng did not answer, but smiled arbitrarily, but in the eyes of the elders, Chu Feng's smile was equal to the default."Or go to a layer, first start with a piece of martial arts." Take back the martial arts, the elders reminded me in good faith."I would like to thank the elders." After Chu Fuli saluted, he left and left.“Returning from a difficult situation is still a little comprehensible.” Looking at the back of Chu Feng’s departure, the defendant elders nodded.Wuji Pavilion is not open day and night, whenever the sunset, Wuji Pavilion will be closed, and this time all the elders of the shrine, we must see the martial arts and institutions."What a fuss, and I want to see it myself.""Elder Ouyang, you must see this. You haven't seen such a great disciple in a long time."Above the stairs, a middle-aged man is guiding a white-haired old man to a secret room on the sixth floor.Inside an enclosed room, an impregnable institution pile is already covered with scars and almost scrapped.Seeing the institution's pile, the look of the white-haired elders became extremely dignified and he looked up carefully."This is ...." But when he discovered that after a brief handprint, it was not surprising.He has seen at a glance the old and spicy experience that this organ pile was injured by an imaginary palm, but the entire inner door, which can discriminate the imaginary palm to such a disciple, has few and few.Moreover, those disciples who have achieved success have long been training outside the country, and they have hardly practiced in the Wuji Pavilion.After a long struggle, the elder suddenly appeared bright and shocked: "Is he?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!