Chapter 60 Thunder III (Gai 42) and see such a scene, Chu Feng's face suddenly changed dramatically, cold to the extreme, he shouted, shouted, the body actually shot and shot lightning.Razer is moving like a real body around Chu Feng's body, and as the mind rotates, it turns into five rayons, and the five core disciples growl.Everything happened too fast, only between the electric light and the flint. Even the Soviet Union and America did not respond to what happened. She only felt that the immediate moment was shrouded in the glare of the thunder. Her powerful energy shook her several meters and she fell. Ground.When she looked up and watched, Lei Guang faded, but the scene before her made her eat too much. She was shocked to find that the five core disciples who previously siege her had actually fallen to the ground.And their blue robes have already burned, the body has been burnt dark, and it has long gone, the body is still exhaled, and the death phase is terrible."This...this...this...this....."At this time, Zhiyuan was the other week, his face pale, like white paper, his lips trembling, his eyes widening, and he exclaimed in an unbelievable voice:"Could it be that legend, then, the third of the Thunder's three types?!!""What? The third type of Thunder III? That is not the only way that Qing Longzong opened the Grand Master, can the Qinglong Taoist perform the moves? Can you say ..... Chu Feng has just....!"After listening to Zhou Zhiyuan's words, Su Mei could not help but cover her lips. The twins could not blink. The two rows of long eyelashes also shook slightly, demonstrating tremendous shock.As for the White Pelicans, Dragon Brothers and Tiger Brothers, and Ye Tzu-tzu and Zhang Ting-zi and others, even more horrified Zhang Mo mouths. Chu Feng’s practice became a move that no one made up except for the Kaizong Patriarch. This kind of thing is very shocking.At this moment, they suddenly felt that they were wrong. Even though they had been shocked by the power of Chu Feng once and again, they were admired for the talent of Chu Feng, and the views on Chu Feng changed once and for all.But this time, they really found out that they still looked down at Chu Feng. This young boy, younger than them, has an incredible talent and is incredibly strong, stinging their nerves one at a time. Let them be impressed.After killing five core disciples at one stroke, Chu Feng did not experience much volatility because he learned sooner or later that the Thunder had only gained opportunity by anger. As far as power was concerned, he was expecting because of this third type. , but it is equivalent to five paragraphs of martial arts moves.“Stepping, stepping, and treading” Chu Feng resolved the crisis of the Soviet Union and the United States and turned again, stepping to Zhou Zhiyuan step by step."You ... you dare to kill the core disciple, you ... you are dead!" Looked at the murderous Chu Feng, Zhou Zhiyuan know that he is already in trouble, so did not seek mercy.“Zi La La La,” Suddenly, Chu Feng hit a single palm and a thick thunderbolt ran out of his palm and hung over Zhou Zhiyuan’s left leg."Hey ah ~ ~ ~" hot and tearing burning sense, so that Zhou Zhiyuan a while crying wolf, and then look to his left leg, was actually scorched, completely abandoned."You mixed ..... oh yeah ~~~~" wanted to curse, but when another Ray shot into the right leg, what he uttered was another scream.Immediately afterwards, Chu Feng continued to display two thunderbolts for three consecutive times. He abruptly eliminated Zhou Zhiyuan’s limbs. The kind of severe pain caused his face to distort and tears and noses flowed out."Chu Feng, you kind of kill me, I will never let you go!" Looked at the Chu Feng that finally came to the eyes, Zhou Zhiyuan eyes full of anger."Oh, do you let me kill you and I kill you?" Chu Feng suddenly smiled, laughing loudly, no one knew what he was laughing at, but this laughter was another Zhou Zhiyuan extremely disturbed."Remember, the weak have no power to decide to die!"“Zi La La La,” Suddenly, Chu Feng’s fingers shot a thunderbolt and actually shot into Zhou Zhiyuan’s mouth, burning Zhou Zhiyuan’s tongue and scorching his lips. He could only hear his tragic cries. He could no longer hear his words and eventually fainted.Looking at such a scene, Bai Yin and others couldn't help swallowing saliva. The throat rolled for a while, and the forehead permeated a large amount of cold sweat.Chu Feng's methods were somewhat cruel and cruel to make their hearts cold. They secretly vowed that they would never be able to compete with Chu Feng in the future because such opponents were terrible.And when all of us were pinching sweat for Chu Feng’s actions, suddenly suddenly I turned my head and my face was filled with a bright and sunny smile."I have a sense of determination. The spirit of their spirit is still there. It seems that they have collected a lot. There are probably 1,200 or so. We share it."When Chu Feng said this, he once again surprised the Soviet Union and the United States. If he couldn't look at it, he would know how many beads of spirit were on these people. This was too much.According to Chu Feng, they went to search for the already carcinogenic bodies. They found that the spirits were still there, but they had already been refined in the Qiankun bags in Lingzhu, and the number of that spirit was really a thousand. More than two hundred.“Chu Feng, we harvested a total of 1,380 Lingzhu altogether this time, and we were able to get so many Lingzhu. Thanks to you, we each divided one hundred, the remaining 680 Lingzhu, all of which belong to you.” Ye Taozi will be holding a large amount of Lingzhu and got Chu Map in front.And Chu Feng is not polite, and the pockets and poems of the pockets of the universe are put into operation. Six hundred Lingzhus are put away. As for the remaining eighties, he is handed to the Soviet Union and the United States."What are you doing?" Sumei said."I owe you nothing, no matter if you had borrowed my spirit beads or sent me my gift bag. I couldn't do it.""Are you so clear to me?" Sumei was unhappy."It's not a matter of clarity. It's called the Good Enlightenment. You won't feel uncomfortable if you don't accept it." Chu Feng forcibly put that big spirit into the hands of Su Mei.Looking at this kind of Chu Feng, Su Mei first looked at Chu Feng, and then licked his lips, but he still collected the 80 Lingzhu beads from the Qiankun bags.This trip was extremely fruitful and beyond their imagination. However, people also know that if they can get so many Lingzhu, they rely on Chu Feng. If it is not Chu Feng, they will not even have the chance to live.However, just as one of the pedestrians was happily preparing to return, he walked in the last Chufeng but suddenly closed the stone gate and he still stood at the end of the cliff."Chu Feng, what are you doing, are you crazy?" Upon seeing this, Su Mei was shocked and realized something in an instant. He hurried back, but it was too late."In the wilderness city waiting for me, I will go back to you."Chu Feng smiled a little, and then only heard a "bang" sound, then the stone gate has been closed, let the Soviet Union and the United States how to beat, but it can not shake it, can not be opened again.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!