In Chapter 61, after the closure of Shimen by the Royal Air Force, Chu Feng could still sense the breath in the passageway. It was not until he was certain that the Soviet Union and the United States left. He was relieved to come to the top of the cliff.Along the vines, Chu Feng began to crawl down the sea of ​​fog. When it was near the sea of ​​fog, Chu Feng spread out his spiritual power. However, he discovered that there were strange gases in the sea of ​​fog that could interfere with his spiritual power. It cannot be penetrated at all.Especially after entering the sea of ​​fog, the white piece is blocking the line of sight. Even with the strength of Chu Feng, the visual distance does not exceed ten meters.But fortunately, after dive for a few dozen meters in the fog, finally reached the bottom, although the fog is still, but the feeling of stepping on the rock, making Chu Feng that hanging heart, and finally settle down.Chu Feng took out the Realm Compass, suddenly glowed, and the visual distance increased several times instantaneously. It has to be said that the light of this thing is very strange, as if it can penetrate the fog, it is really a treasure of the treasure."It seems that this is a real crisis."Looking at the logo of the community compass, Chu Feng soon knew the direction he was going to take, but at the same time he also knew that there were countless murders around him and he would be desperate if he did not.Fortunately, he has this spiritual compass in hand, otherwise he will enter this kind of place with his strength, but he is really fierce. I am afraid that nine lives will not be enough.Holding a compass in hand and walking in the underground full of white fog, Chu Feng vaguely hears the beasts in the distance, and there are also extremely cries of groans, and even the painful mourning and help of people. sound.And the deeper the sound, the deeper it was, the closer it was. Later, Chu Feng could even see some of the bodies that had just been eaten.Feeling a strong oppressive atmosphere, you can hear some savage beasts walking in his not far from roaring, but is even more powerful than the Lingwu Jiuzhong master, 9th-order savage beast.It is said that the 9th-ranked savage beast is already the strongest level of the savage beast, and the stronger savage beast is the spiritual beast.Wicked beasts will not be killed casually, but the cultivation ability is far above the savage beasts, and possesses wisdom that is not weaker than humans, and even stronger than humans. The most important is that the savage beast is strong and naturally strong. The most noble ancestry in the class is said to be even the newly born Wicked Animal, and its innate strength is also in Yuanwujing.The powerful Wicked beasts can also speak humanity, even metamorphose into adult form. Some Wicked Animals do not like the deep mountain forests, they will transform adult form into human society, live a life like human beings, and really live up to the word “demon”.Here is a crappy crisis, and then think of the strength of the imperial old man before his death, Chu Feng did not doubt, he will catch a few evil beasts lost here, tied to somewhere.Fortunately, after cautiously walking for a full hour, the dense fog in front of him gradually faded. Eventually he finally cleared the storm and walked out of the fog."Call it, finally come out."At this moment, even if it is Chu Feng is also a long sigh of relief, because the former fog of land, just like hell, in which it will make people extremely depressed."I'll go, how big is the cemetery of this old empty space."Looking up and watching, Chu Feng could not help but feel helpless. What he had before him was not what he had expected. It was actually a deep passage.Only this passage was very wide, bright, and there was a majestic momentum. It continued along the aisle and Chu Feng once again smelled a bloody smell.This smell was very strong. It was strongly enough that the spiritual power of Chu Feng could not be detected, but the smell had already floated. Chu Feng was holding a compass circle and found no danger sign in front of him. This assured him to move forward.The more forward, the thicker the smell of blood was, and at the end of the visit, people even felt disgusted. When Chu Feng entered a large hall here, he was stunned by the scene before him.There are several passages in this hall, and the number of passages is the same as the passages seen at the entrance. This means that no matter which passage you took before, as long as you can pass through the sea of ​​fog, you will eventually arrive here.However, in addition to these passages, in the center of the hall, there is a ladder. The ladder goes straight to the top, and you can't see the end. It is just the way to continue.But the emphasis is on the main hall at the moment. The dense bodies are all bodies. All parties have power. They can see that all of them are strong, and they are all masters of Yuanwujing. Most of them are Qianzongzong. People, it can be seen that they really used a generous hand for this cemetery this time.However, the most bizarre thing is that so many corpses, but only people who did not see the Dragon Emperor, and these people's death are very tragic, not like a simple fight to die.Although there is something wrong with the scene, Chu Feng is not willing to guess too much. In any case, there is a compass in hand. As long as the compass shows here, there is no danger. Therefore, Chu Feng stepped on the corpse and began to climb. Climb the ladder.However, not yet reached the top, Chu Feng heard two voices, vaguely can be heard, it is the two old men, and the content of these two conversations, but let Chu Feng not help.At the end of the high ladder was a strange room. He said that he was strange because of the special structure of the room and the faint gas that was visible to the naked eye.In this room, stood two people, an old man made hair Yan Yan, who actually exudes terribly terrible pressure, this turned out to be a strong Xuanwujing.The other one, wearing a white robe, had a dense spell engraved on his robe and covered his face. He could only see a pair of eagle-like fierce eyes. This turned out to be the spiritual master of Qinglongzong. Elder Zhuge.But at the moment, both of them were standing still, their hands raised high, and their faces appeared to be difficult. Because above them, the roof of the room was falling.This roof is a kind of metal, but it sends cold air, and it is very heavy. If two people do not support it, they will be rolled into a meat slurry."If you are not the only one, you are the oldest. If you are not there, the old man may not be able to resist the cold iron." Elder Zhuge said with a smile."The miscellaneous account, whoever you are, and using my life as an elder to crack a large number of battles, is too vicious." The Qiangzong Sovereignty is full of anger. As long as he thinks of the previous scene, he is still angry."I don't care who matters. What's important is that you and I must work together at this moment and try to break this cold iron. Otherwise, you and I will all be buried here." Elder Zhuge laughed."You want me to cooperate with you? There is no door!" The Qiangzong magistrate gave a cold cry, he does not believe in this dastardly mysterious person."I want you to come here. The plan is a fortune. It is not necessary to lose one's life because of the unpleasantness of the past. Now that the air-quick technique is in sight, don't you want to get it?"Between the elders of Zhuge, he turned his eyes to the corner of the room where there was an exquisite jade platform, and there was a crystal-like object above the jade platform, floating in the air.Although this thing is a translucent body, but it exudes faint light, especially the words carved on the jade body, is to explain why this is the object, it is the imperial scholars of the old empty space, the Royal Air Art!This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!