Chapter Twelve Twelfth Fisherman's Gain "If you were me a fool? You first spread the news of the graveyard, tempted me to wait here, and use me to break the killings here.""You are using such a vicious means. Would you be so kind and give me the air-quick technique?" Qian Zongzong, obviously, did not believe in the words of Elder Zhuge.“The two seniors do not have to fight. It is better than this magic wind technique. How is the younger generation to enjoy for you?” At this moment, a voice suddenly came to the bottom of the room.After this voice sounded, the two were all shocked because they couldn't think of it. Besides them, there were still people who could come here alive.In the eyes of the two shocked, Chu Feng slowly drilled from the entrance, and looked at both of them with a smile, but when Chu Feng saw the Elder Zhuge, but could not help but brighten up.Seeing the white robe full of spells, Chu Feng first realized that this may be a division spirit master.However, compared to Chu Feng, the Qiangzong patriarchs and elders of Zhuge were shocked. They never imagined that they would be able to come here and they would be such a tender teenager.Suddenly, Chu Feng's brows were slightly wrinkled. He could feel a strong spiritual force attacking him and was testing his body.The other person's spiritual power is very strong. He doesn't know how to resist. He is worried that if he is put into his chest by the other person's spiritual power, will his spell map be exposed?Fortunately, that spiritual power passed from his chest, but did not cause any reaction. This made Chu Fengan worry, he thought of a possibility.That is the map of the spell on his chest. It is very likely that he will only be activated by his spiritual power. If this is true, then he will not have to worry about it later. Other spiritual powers can detect his secret."Embossment of the six forces, only such a repair, can actually come here, it must be in your hands of the sector spirit compass." Elder Zhuge spoke first."Samuel Matsushita?" Hearing this, it was even more surprising that the Supreme Master of the Ching.For him in Xuanwujing, Yuanwujing is slag dregs for him, Lingwujing is simply slag in the slag, but at the moment such a dregs actually came here and naturally surprised him. ."The older generation really had good eyesight." Chu Feng smiled at Elder Zhuge, and was not nonsense. He strode toward the direction of Yufeng surgery."Looking for death." Upon seeing this, the lord of the Qiangzong sullenly was furious. His majestic pressure was swept out of his mind and he was oppressed against Chufeng.At this moment of “abhorrent”, Chu Feng can feel that the kind of intangible pressure on the whole body will penetrate his skin and penetrate into his bone marrow, which is very terrible.However, this coercion was very different from the coercion it brought to him that day. It can be said that the pressure of Hanako on that day made Chu Feng almost dead, but the pressure of the Qiangzong Sovereign However, Chu Feng is still affordable and does not need to be fatal.“Stepping, stepping, and stepping.” Withstanding the oppression of the physical body, Chu Feng took a difficult first step. In the second and third steps, despite the difficulties, he did move forward."Awesome physical body." Seeing such a scene, Elder Zhuge could not help but sigh."You old man, do not have a shot, do not want to get this boy, get the profits of a fisherman?" See Elder Zhuge, just watching and not intervene, Qiang Zongzhuan is even more rage."Oh, if you can't say that, this young friend can come here with this kind of repair, which is enough to show that he is extraordinary. Maybe he is the oldest man, and the most desirable descendant may also be." Elder Zhuge chuckled. There is a kind of generosity of adult beauty."You are bastard, and I'm going to wait for you to smash me."The Qiangzong Sovereign was gnashed by Zhuge’s old-fashioned teeth, but when he saw Chufeng, who was constantly approaching Yu Fengshu, he no longer spoke nonsense. Instead, he would wave after wave of coercion, constantly turning to Chu Feng. Swept away, want to stop Chu Feng's behavior.However, Chu Feng’s body is too strong. Even the strong forces in the Yuanwu area are afraid of being oppressed. Chu Feng can not only afford to bear, but can also walk forward, even though it is very difficult, but it is very invincible."Give it away. This young friend has the spiritual power. Your coercion cannot shake his will. As long as his body can withstand it, you can't just rely on coercion and let him give in." Elder Zhuge once again reminded them of old eyes Slightly picked up, staring at Chu Feng's every move.After a hard journey, Chu Feng finally came to the place where Yu Feng of Yu Feng was placed. At the moment, though he was pale and covered in sweat, he was still very excited.Grabbing the crystals that were made of jade and condensed by the spiritual power, Chu Feng took his head to his face, and at this moment, his face was not changed greatly, and there was a severe pain in his needles. Began to spread in his brain."呃啊~~~~~~~"This kind of pain was so intense that Chu Feng was unbearable. His hands and heads began to roll over the floor and growl loudly.Seeing such a scene, Elder Zhuge said with a smile: "This little friend forgot to tell you that this martial art formed by the condensing of spiritual power is not so good.""If you want to cultivate such martial arts, you must first have a strong willpower. It is necessary to have spiritual power, but if you do, if you do not have a certain degree of cultivation, you cannot afford this strength.""If it cannot withstand this power, then it will swallow up your spiritual power and take your life, drain your everything, and then emerge from your body, waiting for its owner.""It is unfortunate that your strength is not within the requirements of this force. It seems that you are going to be more vicious today."After listening to these words from the elders of Zhuge, the ignorant Qiangzong Sovereign was also overjoyed: "I knew you old things and wouldn't easily hand over the occupants. I know you are poisoned. But I can't think of you being so vicious.""Haha, without some means, the old man is not worthy to be a division spiritual division." Elder Zhuge disapproved, but very proud.Chu Feng had no idea what to say to the elders of Zhuge. He only felt that his spiritual power had been rapidly drained and he had already dried up. The tingling of his brain became clearer and more unbearable, as if he were losing his life."Yeah, ah ~" Finally, Chu Feng made a last buzzing, it was unable to collapse to the ground, without the slightest sound."How is it, is it dead? Why hasn't the air art emerged?" Qian Zongzong asked eagerly.In fact, Elder Zhuge had already overflowed with his spiritual power to observe Chu Feng at the moment, but when the spiritual power was withdrawn, he was slightly frowning and said: “This kid is still not dead.”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!