Chapter 63 In the strange hall (Gaya 43), Chu Feng opened his eyes, and at the first moment of consciousness recovery, Chu Feng was overjoyed.Because he found a lot of information in his mind, and that information is the way of cultivation of the Royal Air Force. However, the joy of Chu Feng's heart, had not had time to laugh and was shocked by the scene before him."This... what is this place?"At this moment, Chu Feng's eyes are no longer that strange room, but a strange temple, truly strange hall.High, not topped, as if you can go to another world, surrounded by walls, non-wood non-stone non-ferrous, such as crystal is generally bright, but also like the mirror is generally smooth, very beautiful.However, the most frightening thing about Chu Feng at this moment is that, beside him, there is a gate on the wall that leads directly to the sky.The gate is very large, more than a few times larger than the gates of the ancient city of the wilderness, and its shape is very weird, like a devil's mouth, extending from the wall.And on that gate, there were stout chains, each of which was one meter thick and densely covered by the entire gate, as if it were a terrible monster.However, after exploring the spiritual forces, Chu Feng was even more embarrassed. Even though it was closed by a door, Chu Feng could still feel that the other side of the door exudes a terrible atmosphere.The atmosphere was very cold, very cold and very dark, as if it weren't something in the world at all. It was horrible to let Chu Feng's hair stand upright and his back spins burst into the air."Oh my God, I will not be dead. Will this not be the legendary hell?" Chu Feng produced such an idea because he felt that everything in front of him was so unreal and so fantastic, so Terrible."Hey! It's really you. You're finally here! Haha, great! Great!"At this moment, Chu Feng suddenly heard a pleasant voice behind him. However, this sudden sound could scare Chu Feng."What?" Chu Feng was shocked and stunned. Then he stood up and discovered that he actually had an egg behind him.That's right, it's an egg, and it's a black egg. The egg is big and it's not an egg because it's simply higher than Chufeng. There shouldn't be such a big egg in the world."What is yours, damn Chu Feng, really damn, how stupid are you, so long to come to me to play, I don't know if I'm bored to death!!!"Suddenly, there was a sound in the giant egg, and the sound was sweet and very sweet. It was like a whisper. It was similar to a gold and silver bronze bell. It could be said that Chu Feng had heard the best sound."Maternal egg? This turned out to be a mother egg!" Chu Feng suddenly, since it is a girl's voice, then it must be a mother egg."You're the mother egg, you're the egg, the quail egg, the bitch!" The curse squeaked inside the dome, and even the dome began to shake, as if something were to break out.At this moment, Chu Feng’s eyes were blurred, and the surrounding scene began to spin rapidly. When everything returned to normal, Chu Feng’s discovery of panic, he actually fell to the ground and returned to the graveyard. In the room."This... Do you mean, I just had a dream?" Chu Feng was very surprised until he found out that the method of cultivation of the Royal Air was still there, which relievedly relieved."This kid really did not die, how could it be, is it that he was approved by the Royal Air Force?" Almost immediately when Chu Feng opened his eyes, the thundering sound of the Qiang Bong Sovereigns also rang.“Impossible, absolutely impossible. With such a practice as him, it is possible to smelt those special martial arts.” Elder Zhuge, although he couldn’t see his expression, he could hear his voice. He had it at the moment. How surprised.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng smiled a bit and could not help but stand up and gently patted the clothes. He said to the two: "I'm sorry that the two seniors, I let you down, not dead, and live well, as you want. What are you doing?"Here!" Chu Feng pointed his head."You miscellaneous account, the old man has abolished you." Upon seeing this, the Qiangfeng Sovereign shouted loudly and unexpectedly let go of the cold iron on his head."Rumbled" However, just after letting go, the cold iron fell suddenly and the whole room shook violently.In the face of this situation, the Qiangzong Sovereigns had to put their newly released palms and hurry back. Otherwise, they would all be crushed.When “Ze La La Lai” saw this, Chu Feng dared not procrastinate. He displayed the first style of the Thunder Three, and quickly ran to the entrance, because in front of the two strong Xuanwu Qiang, his situation was too great. Dangerous.If it wasn't for the cold iron that completely contained their power, I am afraid that as long as people move their little fingers, they will be enough to crush him to death."This kid was actually my Qinglongzong man!" And looking at the moves that Chu Feng had displayed, the Zhuge Elder suddenly flashed a gaze. As a Qinglong Emperor, Keqing, he recognized at a glance what Chu Feng had displayed. Martial arts.After Chu Feng fled from the room, he quickly returned to the original road. He did not know when the two strong men would get out of trouble, but he knew that they must have a way out of difficulties, at least the divisional division knew the method.In this case, the only thing he could do was run a deadly run, and along the way, Chu Feng saw too many dead bodies. The cemetery of the old royal man really caused a bloody battle.Many incompetent people have paid the price of life for the heart of greed, and even many of the masters of cultivation have been put together. However, the biggest winner of this robbery is obviously Chu Feng.However, when Chu Feng thought he was safe, he never expected that the real danger had just arrived."Boy, I was finally found by you." After a loud roar I heard that the Qiangzong sect, actually chased it.Only at this moment, he was quite embarrassed. Not only was he messy, but he also had a bit of blood on his body. His hat was distributed like a madman. It was evident that he fled from the cemetery and he paid a small price."Damn, it really shouldn't go directly back to the ancient city. I should choose a detour."However, at the moment, Chu Feng, there is still the mood to observe these, run Xuan Gong, the thunder of the first type out of display, thrown off the arm, stepping open, playing life began to escape.But even so, how can he quickly pass through the strong Xuanwu strong, behind the strong pressure, almost lightning-like fluttering, and soon will Chufeng down to the ground, slamming into the sand in.At this moment, there is only one idea in Chu Feng's mind. It is dead. This guy can damage many elders and disciples because of the air tactics. He will catch him now and maybe he will scoop it to see if he can. Find out the yushu technique.Suddenly, Chu Feng felt wrong again, and that kind of powerful feeling of pressure disappeared out of thin air. When he looked back, he was even more shocked. Behind him, he was even empty."No, it's definitely not an illusion, but what exactly is this?"However, when Chu Feng was puzzled and why the Qiangzong Sovereigns suddenly disappeared, on top of the cemeteries thousands of miles away from Chufeng, the Qiangzong Sovereign, who was also sitting dullly here, was His face is full of shock.At this moment, he had no longer been a master of the demeanor, and his lips trembled. Even the body was desperately groaning. He looked straight at the opposite man.There stood a shouting child, hair messy but his eyes were sharp, and there was a scar on his forehead like a fire.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!