Chapter 64 Burning the Flames (Gaga 44) “What are you? Who are you?” said the Lord of the Thousand Winds, shivering and saying this.Looking at this middle-aged man like Hua Zizi, he really couldn’t take care of himself. Although he didn’t breathe a trace of breath, he looked at ordinary people, but when he looked at those eyes alone, he looked at his heart. Cold, and the cold penetrated into his bones.In particular, although he had not seen how he came here, he felt vaguely that he was here from heaven. What this explains is that this person in front of him is at least a Tianwu. Strong in the environment.In Tianwujing, it was the realm that no one in Qingzhou had ever attained. Only the overlord of Kyushu's mainland and Jiang's dynasty had such powerful characters. This is definitely the realm of the might of the Kyushu continent.However, as far as he knows, even among the Jiang dynasty, the figures who can reach Tianwujing are all old men of similar ages. However, the person in front of him is clearly a middle-aged man. It is hard for him to accept."You shouldn't shoot him." The man named Hanzi spoke, and his voice was very calm, exudes the arrogance of a king, and came to the world."Who shouldn't give it to anyone, is .... that kid?""I'm sorry to ... I don't know Taishan. I don't know that the younger friend has a relationship with you. I also hope that you have a lot of adults and I will spare no effort."After all, he was the master of the battle. He soon thought of the various differences of Chufeng. If Chu Feng had a relationship with this one, and he had previously wanted to kill Chu Feng, he would have been on his deathbed at the moment. Now."Please, spare me... forgive me....."Thought of this, the Qiangzong Sect was actually knocked down, and he kept blinking at the front of his eyes. He completely ignored his superior status and status. When life was threatened, he chose to give up everything. Including his dignity.At this moment, a thunderous stamped tone sounded in the distance. After a moment, all the sand and sand blew up. They fixed their eyes on their eyes and saw a dense figure. They were rushing toward the cemetery. Their clothing was actually thousands. The army of Feng Zong.Qianfengzong is different from Qinglongzong. Although they are very close to the wilderness desert, this time the cemetery is actually the Qinggezong elders of Zhuge.Therefore, Qinglongzong had a clear purpose at the beginning. The core disciples received treasures from various places in the cemetery, but no one entered the clouds and the first time the treasure was collected had already been withdrawn.After the cemetery was opened, the Qianfeng Sect, who did not understand the truth, had been continuously sent to the strong, and sent a lot of people. He vowed to swallow the treasures here but did not even think of the elders of Zhuge. He suffered heavy losses.This group of Qianfeng Zongjun is also the same person who does not know the truth. It is the support force that has just arrived. It is only after seeing this scene that they are somewhat silent."Bold, who are you? I dare to be unfavorable to my sovereign."The presbyterians of Qianxongzong recognized their own masters at a glance, but when they saw their own masters, they were angry and angered after they pleaded with others for mercy. They did not want to lead the army and killed them. come.For such a scene, the Qiangzong Sovereign, regardless of disregard, but continue to defer to the Jiaohuazi, expectation can be forgiven, because he knows that in face of this figure, it is not able to win by number."Even if I don't kill you, he won't let you go. Let me give you a ride. It's better than he's good at you."Hua Zao slowly closed his eyes, and suddenly the flames of the eyebrows exude flames of red light. Between his hair flying, he only listened to the loud noise of “hung”. Within a radius of ten miles, he turned into a sea of ​​flames.This sea of ​​fire rises up to a few feet, and the raging fire is sometimes like a dragon, sometimes like a tiger, and snarling in this desert.Almost instantaneously, it swallowed the army of Qianfengzong, and the former Qiangzong Qianfengzong and others, like the ants on the hot pot, lost all their abilities and began to roll over in the flames and kept mourning. .In an instant, all sorts of screams rang out loudly, and even the tyrannical sovereigns could not resist this terrible heat.But the maddening Han Huazi, in this flame is not affected at all, and even his clothes are not ignited, so calmly and slowly in the flame.Although his clothes are unbearable, despite his messy hair, his momentum is unmatched. Like a king, he exudes the might of the world.“I burned the flames of heaven and made all things and all living beings. I burned the Holy Spirit, and wanted to govern the people of the world. I burned the heavenly Son and was invincible....”Suddenly, this extraordinary and strong person, his eyes flickered, and he began to roar with pain and did not want to be born. His hands grabbed his long hair, and began to rush in the flames, slamming into the desert with his own body. Strong forces, along with deserts, are constantly quivering.I do not know how long, he gradually subsided, and the flame began to fade slowly, this eyebrow flame scar is also restored, and even his former king of tolerance, but also disappeared.The eyes were no longer fierce, but they were full of sluggishness, and they looked very nervous, like what they were afraid of, while shaking left and right, they shouted:"I should die, I should die, I should not break into your territory, spare me, spare me, I do not want to die ....""I promise you, I will protect him. I will protect him. As long as you are willing to let me go, I will do everything for you....."After this date, the desert became a forbidden zone. Although the flames are no longer there, no one can enter here with the high temperatures. This sudden fire has also become a shocking news. It was spread to the ancient city of the wilderness."You let me go. I'm going to find him.""Suemei, you calm down, and that cemetery has become a restricted area. Even the strong players in Yuanwujing can't get close. You can't go in anymore.""Let me go, it's been three days. Chu Feng hasn't come back yet. Don't you worry? Loss he didn't hesitate to save you!" The gates of the ancient city of the wilderness, Su Meizheng and Bai Chang etc. People pull, his face is full of anxiety and anger."Oh, what is this? It's so busy." At that moment, a voice suddenly sounded and looked up. Everyone was overjoyed.I saw Chu Feng and I was standing not far away. I stared at them with a smile. Only the shape of Chu Feng at the moment was a bit dreadful."Chu Feng." But unexpectedly, even if Chu Feng’s shape is so unbearable at this moment, Su Mei is thrown into the arms of Chu Feng without hesitation, and clings to him tightly, even emerging from his eyes. A tear of joy.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!