The Sixty-fifth chapter of the sky price breakthrough "You this guy, where to go, how come back so long." Sumei looked up, taking advantage of the small mouth, some grievances."Oh, I had a little trouble." Looking at the wet eyes of Sumei, Chu Feng's heart was warm and could not help but open his arms and grabbed Sumei's softness*. He held the little beauty tightly around him. Huaizhong."Trick or treat." Feeling Chu Feng's restless hands, and then taking a look at the person behind him, Su Mei realized that he had some indecent movements with Chu Feng and quickly broke away from Chu Feng. His face was red. Like a red apple.“嘿” and looked at the Soviet Union with the little face flushed with the United States, Chu Feng is aftertaste licking his lips, this gimmick feel, really good.Afterwards, the Soviet Union and the United States did not ask any questions about Chu Feng, but Chu Feng naturally wouldn't feel the pain of the eggs. He told them that he had got the ridiculing technique and was hunted down by the Qiang Zong dynasty to avoid being After catching it, he took a long journey and spent a full three days walking back to the wilderness city.However, when Chu Feng learned that the cemetery had ignited a raging fire, and Qianfengzong suffered heavy losses, and even his grandfather was still missing, Chu Feng was also surprised.Because of this incident, it was really too strange. In the desert, there was a sea of ​​ten miles in the desert. It was just the place where the cemetery was located. After the flames were dissipated, there was still a very high temperature. Even the strong ones in the Xuanwu area could not step into it. Being a banned land is really horrible.Regarding this incident, some people said that it was the trap set by the old man of empty space, so that all who would dare to step into his graveyard and bother him should be buried with him.However, many people feel that even if the oldest of the airmen had no such means before their death, how could such a trap be made after the death? There must be other reasons. Some people think that this is a disaster in the sky.Regardless of how others guessed, Chu Feng knew that if the Qiangzong sovereigns really disappeared and were buried in the sea of ​​fire, the loss of Qianzongzong would probably be reduced to a third-class door. It also cannot compete with Qinglong.On the same day, Chu Feng and other people rushed back to Qinglong Zong, because after some time, they arrived at the assessment of the core disciples. Originally, Bai Yi and Su Mei were all determined to participate, but this time they knew that they might be afraid of There must be one more person in the league. That is Chufeng."While six hundred Spirit Pearls, I don't know where I can go."After returning to Qinglong Zongzong, Chu Feng could not wait to open the Qiankun bags, took out the six hundred pearls and looked at the golden spirits. He was not so beautiful in his heart.Six hundred Lingzhu, Chu Feng at the moment can definitely be counted as a real rich. As far as the richness is concerned, I am afraid that it is equivalent to the entire family property of the Chu family. This so-called all family property naturally includes all the Chu family. industry.Chu Feng grabbed a large amount of Lingzhu and dropped it directly into his mouth. He had a mine in his body. He did not worry that he could not consume these spirits. He only worried that these spirits were not enough.For Chu Feng, when he put a large number of Lingzhu into the body, he was almost instantaneously refined by the suction power of the Shen Lei. The majestic spirit burst into the Dantian, and even made it feel a burst of bulging, but this feeling It's just a moment, and why it's gone, it's because of all the aura that has been eaten by God.There is a total of 50 Lingzhus. According to his estimate, it is more than sufficient to break through to Lingwu Qizhong. After all, from Lingwu's five breakthroughs to Lingwu's sixfold, in the final analysis, no four Lingzhus were used, but Chu Feng apparently underestimated the greediness of Shen Lei.After these fifty beads were put into the body, the aura in Chu Fengdan's field was more than several times full, but there was no sense of breakthrough."I don't believe it, I don't feed you!" Chu Feng grabbed another one, and it was exactly fifty, and after this time he got into the abdomen, Chu Feng's Dantian finally welcomed the long absence. Variety.Nine thunder and fierce beasts shrieked and snarled. Although the outside world could not hear a trace of embarrassment, they continued to linger in the ears of Chu Feng. This feeling became stronger and stronger, just like the nine thunder and fierce beasts. The more closely and gradually merge into one.Breakthrough, and finally broke through, the Seventh Embroidery, the kind of breath that changes from the essence of Aura, will certainly be the seven values ​​of Lingwu, but in exchange for its price, it is full of 100 Lingzhu, this It is hardly imaginable to change others.What is Lingzhu? This is the best panacea, and even many people are willing to use it only at the height of the Lingwu Jiuju, to break through to the territory of Yuanwu through its powerful aura.However, Chu Feng, only from Lingwu Sixth Army, broke through to Lingwu Qizhong, and even used a full hundred. If this kind of thing is passed out, it can even scare some people. One hundred Lingzhu only breaks through this layer. Realm, this is really depraved.Of course, Chu Feng’s spiritual and quintessential sevennesses are not comparable to those of ordinary people. Especially after he has practiced Xuan Gong, even if he is now facing the elite of Lingwu Jiuju, he is not afraid of anything, and he is not even at all.Unless the opponent is just like him, he has the ability to fight against the sky, otherwise Lingwu territory, I am afraid no one can compete with Chu Feng, and his opponent only exists in the territory of Yuan Wu, and this kind of power is absolutely even more devious."Well, this way, who will raise you from ah?" Chu Feng helpless face, looked at the immediate five hundred Lingzhu, did not continue to refine, but income in the Qiankun bags.Because he knows that the demand for the mine is becoming more and more terrible, I am afraid that its five hundred Lingzhu swallowed up, at most only half filled, can not break through.If this is the case, he does not need refining, and it might be better to keep these spirits for future use. After all, he does not want to meet people with money, so he borrows money from people. As a man, this is not the case. What a good thing.“Hey, Chu Fengdi.... are you there?” At this moment, the voice of Chuyue suddenly came out of the house.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng quickly ran out and opened the gate of the mansion. He really saw Chuyue standing in front of the door, and Chu Snow was also there."Chu Fengdi, you finally came back and confessed. Where did you go these days?” Seeing Chu Feng, Chu Yue was surprised first and later he was ecstatic."Where not to go, is to do a few door tasks casually." Chu Feng smiled perfunctorily."Songmen mission, just do the door mission it? I can hear you, and the first beauty inside the door, the United States Sumei girl went out together." Chuyue mouth, set off a sneer."Er...." was said by Chuyue. Chu Feng was even speechless, but for some time he did not know how to explain it."Haha, well, don't tease you. Actually, we just passed you here this time. Now that you're back, let's go with us and watch lively.""Hot, what's bustling?""Chu Fengdi, have you heard of practicing practice?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!