Sixty-sixth "Training Array," is the place where the core disciples practice martial arts?"In practice, Chu Feng naturally heard that it was a kind of cultivating treatment that the core disciples of Qinglong Zong could enjoy. Entering it would be stressful. However, whether it was practicing martial arts or physical exercise, it would have better results.“Yes, just now, this cultivating array is not only the core disciple can enjoy. Now it is OK at the Inner Gate. Today, the cultivating array is officially open. So we want to go to the Wuji Pavilion to have a look at the excitement and experience. "Chu Yue smiled.“There was such a thing.” Chu Feng secretly spurned, and now he got the dynasty technique, and he was wondering where to go for some practice, but he couldn’t think of this time. The inner door opened up the practice array. It was just for him. .The three men walked together and began to walk to Wuji Pavilion. After Chu Feng's spiritual power was found on the road, Chu Yue even stopped at Lingwu four times. He has thus far failed to break through to Lingwu Five."Chu Yuejie, have not yet broken?" Chu Feng asked."Yes, I don't know why, I can't always break through. Maybe it's my poor understanding." When it comes to this matter, Chu Yue's face is a bit ugly."Chu Yuejie, will this refinery, will certainly be able to break through." Chu Feng extended his hand into the Qiankun bag and took out two Lingzhu."This ... This is ....." Looked at the hands of Chu Feng Feng Ling, Chu Yue and Chu Xue are open mouth, a pair of beautiful, revealing the color of surprise.Although this was the first time they saw it, the aura that was coming on was still convincing them that this was probably the best medicine and the elixir."This is the spirit, after swallowing it can be converted into aura, and will maximize the absorption." Chu Feng took Chuyue's small hand, put the spirit beads in the hands."Chu Fengdi, this is too expensive. I can't ask.""You are only a six-in-arms now. This is also useful to you. You should keep it for yourself."However, the first reaction of Chu Yue was shirk. She knew the value of Lingzhu, such a valuable item, and it was still two. She was naturally ashamed to accept it."Let you take it with you. I still have this thing. If you don't hold it, I will look down on my younger brother." Chu Feng overbeared the two spirit beads into Chu Yue's pocket."Chu Fengdi, this....."Some of Chuyue didn’t know what to do, but deep down in her heart, she still wanted to accept it, and she would definitely help her break through to the Wushenwuwu, and there would be a lot of reiki remaining in her body. Her practice help is really too great, not to mention two.If it wasn’t for Chu Feng, she really didn’t know that she would be able to enjoy such a thing. At least his father had never enjoyed it before."I wouldn't be able to return to me afterwards." Chu Feng was afraid that Chuyue had a burden on his heart and he made a joke."Chu" has always been lively Chu Yue, but it is extremely dignified and nodded.For such Chuyue, Chu Feng is also quite helpless, but he can understand that if he changes things that others give him too valuable, he will also have a burden on his heart.However, at this time, Chu Feng discovered Chu Xue, who was next to Chuyue, and his face was not very strong. The little girl licked her mouth and her big eyes flickered. The expression was two words called envy, and the three words were called. Very envious, the four words are very envious, in short, she is envious of Chuyue."Chu Xuemei, for so many years, when her brother had never sent anything to you, this spirit bead would be the first gift your brother would send you." Chu Feng took out another Lingzhu and handed it to Chu. snow."Don't do this, let you take it with you, or else look down on my brother.""Chu Feng Ge, thank you."Chu Xue happily took over the spirit beads, the white face of the little happy to open flowers. He took it in his hands for a long time, and then wrapped up his handkerchief. This was carefully placed in his own pocket."Chu Fengdi, you have a special talent for this kit. It wouldn't be ...." At this moment, Chu Yue suddenly discovered that Chu Feng's waist was something special."Ha, this is the Qiankun bag. Sumei sent me." Chu Feng smiled and walked forward.But Chu Yue and Chu Xue stayed where they were. The two men's faces were full of shock. Watching the teenager in front of them, they all had the same feeling.That is the distance between them and Chu Feng, farther and farther. Even though Chu Feng is getting better and better for them, her identity and status are no longer at the same level, as if she were two people in the world.The three people talked and laughed all the way, and soon they arrived at Wuji Pavilion. It was discovered that today's Wuji Pavilion has been overcrowded and there are many people surrounded by three floors.Chu Feng opened the road and took Chu Yue and Chu Xue into the crowd. This caused a lot of grievances. But when they turned around and saw the wing wing of Chu Feng’s chest, none of them dared. Made a few complaints, and also take the initiative to give way to Chu Feng.When he crossed the wall, Chu Feng finally knew what people were watching.At the gate of that Wuji Pavilion, there was a stone high platform, and an eld stood on the high stage. Behind the elders, there was a strange house.This house is very strange, full of green, jade, but the most peculiar is that he actually can block the spiritual power of Chu Feng, presumably among them, is the so-called practice array.After hearing the discussion of the surrounding people, Chu Feng also got a message that there is only one practicing field, one for only one person at a time, and if you want to practice in this practice field, you must come up with a fairy flower.It is precisely because of such expensive prices that many people are on the lookout, but no one is willing to go to the stage.After all, for a lot of people, a fairy spirit is a big price. There are few people who are willing to take it for a chance to practice. However, this is just as good for Chu Feng."Let's get out, let go." But just as Chu Feng, just walked to the bottom of the platform, a crowd shouted in the crowd behind him.Looking back, I saw a team of men and horses killing in. This is the person of the Kendo League, and the Jian Chen who had a holiday with Chu Feng is also among them. But at this moment, the most attractive to Chu Feng’s eyes is the tall side next to Jian Chen. juvenile.This boy is quite similar to Jian Chen, but the breath on him can be very good. Even though he has reached the Lingwu Jiuju, such a strength, but many core disciples have not achieved.Looking at people’s appearances of respect and dread, Chu Feng had no idea what he was. Presumably he was the elder brother of Jianchen, the leader of the Jiandao League, and the sword seal."It's you!" At this moment, that Jianchen also recognized Chu Feng at a glance."My brother, do you know him?""Brother, he is the one who beat me that day." Jian Chen roared with anger."Ye??" Hearing this, then Jianfeng once again turned his attention to Chu Feng, but at this moment in his gaze, he has already exposed the killing.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!