The Sixty-Seventh Chapter Relying on the mountain (Gan 45) "Oh," Suddenly, the sword seals in a sway and it disappears like a ghost.When he reappeared, he came to Chu Feng's front, strong and powerful fist, constantly zooming in front of Chu Feng, this guy even directly shot regardless of the occasion.However, he had underestimated Chu Feng. He thought that he could directly crush Chu Feng, but he did not know that his fist was weak and weak in the eyes of Chu Feng.The corner of Chufeng was slightly upturned, and the footsteps stepped forward. The shoulders swayed slightly, and the right arm snapped out. The shot was a punch.Two fists broke out, the speed was rapid, the power of tyrannical force, and even the air was rubbed out of the rustling sound, as if it were going to burn.Just as the two men's fists will collide in one place, a figure suddenly appears before the two, and two powerful palms have already grasped the wrists of Chu Feng and Jian Fengyi. The attack of the humans hardened."Yuanwujing?" The sense of strength from the wrist, let Chu Feng brighten up, and looked up and watched, it was the Gaotai above the defendant elders shot.However, at the moment, the elders who watched the court also looked at Chu Feng, and in his eyes, they were filled with a touch of fright.Because he can feel from the strength of the two fists, Chu Feng's boxing force is obviously on the sword seal, but Chu Feng is obviously the spirit of the seven spiritual, and that Jian Feng is already the Lingwu ."What's going on, why do I feel aura fluctuations?"At this moment, there was an old voice in the direction of Wuxie Court. A black-haired old man came out of it and looked like it was obviously an elders who guarded the court. His status seemed to be more like this middle-aged elders. Even higher."Echoing Elder Wang, it was the two disciples who had previously played against each other." Upon seeing this, the middle-aged elders went back and chanted.“Yeah?” The elders of the king took a glance at the sword and then severely reprimanded Chu Feng: Why did you stop here, don’t you know where this is? There are no rules in your eyes. ”"Is this elder, don't you see that he first shot at me? I'm just defensive. Is this still wrong?" Chu Feng was indignant.After hearing this, Elder Wang also frowned. He couldn't think of a disciple who would dare to collide with him. However, he nevertheless looked at Jianfeng and asked in a rather soft tone: Seal one, you first shot him?"At the moment, "I...", Jianfeng was a little speechless, because he really did not care. After all, there were countless eyes in the previous scene."Well, the next time we pay attention is that as a representative of the inner disciple, we must pay attention to the influence?""Well, you kid never came to Wuji Pavilion. Why is it here today?""After returning to Elder Wang, today's disciple comes here and wants to feel the mysticism of this cultivation array.""You kid, you have to become a core disciple in a few days. Come here and feel it, but it's no harm. Since it comes, go ahead." Elder Elder said with a smile and waved."Thank you very much for the elders." And Jianfeng was not ignorant. He took out a fairy grass from Qiankun bags, and after giving it respectfully to the middle-aged elders, he went to Gaotai.However, when he walked to Chufeng, he only used a voice that could only be heard by Chu Feng:"Boy, don't you see, I have a backing at this inner door?""In addition, do not think that you have joined the Wing Meng, you can be safe and sound, dare to my brother's shot, I can not save you." After that, the sword sealed a big sleeve, a big step, they will High platform climbs away.At this moment, Chu Feng's face was a bit ugly and resentful to the eldest king. "Obviously I came first, why should I let him go first?"“The so-called able-bodied ones, Jianfeng Yi is one of the best disciples of my inner door, and naturally have the priority to enjoy the power of Inner Door cultivation resources.”The eldest king said in a leisurely manner, but in his eyes, there was already a rush of anger and he was obviously dissatisfied with Chu Feng's repeated blows."So how do you know, I am not as good as him?" Chu Feng is not helpless."Haha, are you good? A disciple of seven spiritual and spiritual soldiers who dare to claim to be excellent is really arrogant. How did you come up with such a disciple in Qinglong Zong?" Wang Elder's voice became even colder.“I’m good, not what you can judge. In the final analysis, you are just an Elder of the Inner Door. There is no right to judge a person’s qualifications.” Chu Feng has long seen that this elders and the sword seal have a good job, so Attitudes also simply become arbitrarily."A mad man, how dare you speak to me?" Elder Wang gritted his teeth."As an elder, you have to be unfair, what qualifications can I respect?" Chu Feng dismissed his mouth in disdain.“Learning, today will not give you some lessons. You really must be lawless.” Finally, this eldest king, could not stand the crest of Chu Feng repeatedly, waved his sleeves, then a powerful palm, they took Chu Feng. Down.“Yuanwu triple?” At this moment, Chu Feng could not help but shocked. He did not think of this old man. It would be the triple cultivation of Yuanwu. If he was Yuanwu Wu, then Chu Feng could still cope, but it was both Yuanwu and Mie. If you do, Chu Feng will be more prosperous.But when he thought that he had to make a disaster, the elder Elder was exclaimed, and then he stepped back a few steps. It seemed to have received a huge shock. When he was on the move, his face was changed. It was unusually pale."Elder Elder, it would be inappropriate for the junior to do this."At this moment, people noticed that there was a white-haired old man beside Chu Feng. This Chu Feng also knew that he was the eldest of the shrine, Elder Ouyang, who was registered for him on that day.It was just another thing that he did not think that the strength of the elders would be so powerful that he would not come to him without a word. Even if he was a previous blow, he did not feel it, but he could not ignore it. Yes, the old man's atmosphere is very simple and honest, at least far from the elders.“Your subordinates met with the Lord's Master!” Seeing the Elder Ouyang, the elders Wang and the middle-aged elders all faced great changes and rushed to give them a big gift.“Master of affairs? Is this the chief of the Wuji Pavilion?” Chu Feng suddenly realized, looking at the old man beside him surprised."This kid, how can you know Ouyang Elder." And at the moment, the sword that has been on the high platform is sealed and it is also a frown.He had previously relied on the family and had some relationship with the elder Wang, so he was able to climb this high platform. However, he did not think that Chu Feng even knew the principal of this martial arts house.And look at this appearance, the relationship between the two is still very good, or how can the Ouyang elders because of Chu Feng, and their own subordinates shot? At this moment, Jianfeng realized it was not good."I just did not pursue the matter what happened, but in Wuji Pavilion, only come first and come to this rule.""Chu Feng, you go up, and another fairy spirits will be free." Ouyang elders are not nonsense, waved his hand will show Chu Feng up."I would like to thank the elders." And Chu Feng is also very polite. First of all, he was grateful to the elders of Ouyang for their gratitude. He walked down to the platform in full view.However, when he came to Jianfeng, Chu Feng could not help stopping and smiling:"It seems that you are on the back door of this inner door. How about you?""In addition, I not only dared to shoot at your younger brother, but I dare to shoot at you. It is better not to let me touch you anymore, otherwise I will make you unable to eat."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!