Sixty-eighth chapter after a while afraid of "how, nothing to say?""It's best. You'd better give me a little quiet, or I'm afraid I'll accidentally kill you the next time I meet you. Haha..."Looking at his face, he was staring at himself, but he did not dare to put the sword in his ass. Chu Feng laughed and walked up to the high platform and entered the green house.At the moment, the sword was sealed, and his fists clenched, his voice creaked, and the flames in his heart were as if they would burst at any time.As a leader of the Kendo League, one of the most compelling disciples in the entire inner door, when he was provoked by such a person, even the Wingmen League's chiefs did not do this to him.But now, even if he is angry again, he can only tolerate. In this Wuji Pavilion he did not dare to do anything. Before the Ouyang elders, he was even less dare to act. After all, the Ouyang elders met even the core disciple. Respectful of him, not to mention him?"Who is that boy, dare to speak like a sword and say so, don't you want to live?" Looking at this scene, someone was worried about Chu Feng."I know him. He is Chu Feng. Some time ago, he killed Liu Meng alone, and he abolished the lifeblood of Liu Mang.""I told you, don't mess with him. Compared to Jianfeng, this Chufeng is more dangerous and more terrible. This guy is not afraid of fear, and the shot is extremely hot. It's just a small devil."However, some people also know that Chu Feng, especially those who have seen Chu Feng destroy the Liu Meng, have recollected the scene of the day and still feel shudder. Deep in their hearts, Chu Feng has cast a terrible shadow.However, compared to others, the most complex expressions at the moment are Chu Yue and Chu Xue. They are also members of the Chu family. They have a deep understanding of the past of Chu Feng.However, they are also aware that the boy who had been humiliated at the Chu family has now become the target of all juniors of the Chu family, reaching the height that they can only look forward to, and will go further and further.As far as the inner-door disciples were concerned about Chu Feng, Chu Feng has already stepped into the so-called practice field."This is a mysterious tactic. Should this be the spiritual genius?"At this moment, Chu Feng is not in a simple room but another world.Under his feet was a muddy swamp. His head was covered with dark clouds of lightning. His surroundings were turmoil, and his ears were thunderous and thunderous.Despite his spiritual power, he knew that all this was false, but it was only an illusion, but at least with naked eyes, everything was so real.The main thing is that being here, it really makes Chu Feng feel a lot of pressure. Even if he doesn't do anything, he can't stay here even if he is standing still and he is still stressful. Even if he is weak, he can’t stay here even if he doesn’t move. For a moment, let alone what martial arts practice.However, this kind of environment is exactly what Chu Feng needs. He likes this kind of stressful environment because only this can make him stronger and more convenient for him to practice.Chu Feng slowly closed his eyes and began to sort out the information in his mind."Seven paragraphs of body and martial arts skills, the Royal Air Art are divided into four major stages. The primary stage of the foot of the wind, vigorous steps. The middle stage of the birth of electricity, quickly if the besieged mine. The advanced stage, under the light of the moment, quickly arrived. Dacheng stage, Nothing can be born under the feet, but it can be empty-handed, run by the air, and travel the sky."Although the introduction is simple, it can only be a seven-segment mark. It has already told Chu Feng how difficult it will be to cultivate this body. After all, in today’s Qinglong Emperor, the best martial art is only five sections. This is a difficult military technique, but the more Chufeng wants to cultivate."Elder Elder, just wouldn't blame the old man for shooting you?" Inside the Wuji Pavilion, Elder Ouyang is talking to Elder Wang."The boss thinks more about the matter. It's a matter of subordination. How can you blame you?" Although Elder Wang said this, he could not think so at all.Under the crowd, he was repulsed by the elders of Ouyang. Although he was not injured, but as an elders, he still felt disgusted."I stopped you from ruining Chu Feng. But for sake of you, how can we say that we are brothers in the same period? I don't want to see you offend someone who will become talented in the future." Elder Ouyang laughed."Lord, what do you mean by this statement, is it the background of Chu Feng?" At this moment, Elder Wang finally realized that he was wrong."The background is not there. On the contrary, Chufeng itself is a little better.""What was it? That Chu Feng was just a gross kid. Why didn't I see where he was?""Oh, with spiritual power, isn't that enough?""What the boy actually did."And when he heard this, Wang Elder's face did not change greatly. He finally knew why even Ouyang elders had to face Chu Feng."I would like to thank the principal adults for their shots today. Otherwise, I am afraid I will follow Li Yi's footsteps."At this moment, Wang Elder was scared for a while. Even his hands were trembling. After a long time he passed over and began to thank Tao Ouyang.Because he remembered a past event a few years ago, an elder of the inner gate had an unpleasant experience with an inner-door disciple, and the inner-elder named Li Yi.Logically speaking, the inner disciple is still young, and it is not as young as Chu Feng. There are also many conflicts with the elders.The disciple who was a disciple after all was a disciple who had offended the elders. Most of them were to suffer. The disciple was not under pressure from Elder Li Yi. At that time, everyone thought that the disciple had died. After all, he was still so young. It is not a good thing to offend a high-ranking elder in the inner door.However, it was not until that disciple became a blockbuster and after becoming a core disciple within a period of time, people discovered that this disciple turned out to be a rare martial arts genius.What was most shocking was that a year after that disciple became a core disciple, Elder Li Yi was actually killed on the way home, and he died under the military skills of Qing Longzong.This matter, although no murderer has been found so far, but in fact many people can guess who the murderer was, that was the disciple who had been in conflict with Elder Li Yi. He was called cold and innocent, and now the strongest disciples of the core disciples. One of them, it is the only person with spiritual power.“Oh, no matter what you said, according to my observation, today’s Chu Feng is more severe than the original cold, but it will be much more powerful. This child will become a large device in the future. The most important thing is that this kid is not good enough. Elder Ouyang smiled.However, after hearing this, the eldest face of Elder Wang suddenly became pale and without a hint of blood. He could not speak for a moment and was lost in thought."Well, the matter is over, I believe he will not be difficult for you in the future, but that can be difficult to say a sword seal." Elder Ouyang smiled slightly, then went to the window, look to the practice of the array below, said:“This practice field is a good thing to hone your heart and body. The requirements for physical strength and perseverance are extremely strict. I do not know how long this Chufeng can persist.”"According to adults, as far as I know, the best results of the core disciples seem to be three hours. However, the strength of Chufeng is still too weak. I guess that he can support half a hour is already good." Informed, Wang Elder Guess."Well," and after considering one or two, the Ouyang elders did not refute, and even he felt that the strength of Chu Feng can support half an hour, is a miracle, after all, in Lingwu environment, no one can still In the practice array, hold up half an hour.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!