Chapter 69: Recreating the core zone of the mythological Qinglong Sect is the place where the core elders live with their disciples.Here, it is the restricted area of ​​the inner-door elders and inner-door disciples, but there is a place here, but it is even the core elder and the core disciple, and the forbidden zone that is prohibited from entering.This is a vast palace that is magnificent but not luxurious. On the contrary, it reveals a quaint atmosphere and even has a sense of mystery.Here, it is the only branch division of Qinglongzong, Elder Keqing, Zhuge Liuyun's residence.In the main hall, Zhuge Liuyun sat on a quaint stone chair. He still wore the white robe full of incantations. The white robe covered everything of his, leaving only a pair of deep eyes.In front of him, a man is half lying in the ground. This is a core disciple, but he looks like he is 18 or 9 years old, but his body is exudes calm and sophistication that does not belong to this age. This person is a core disciple. The only disciple with spiritual power was cold and innocent.“Innocence, has it been with me for years?” The elders of Zhuge heard the low voice of elders."Returning to the Master, until this day, the disciples followed Master for exactly three years." Remorselessly remorseless."I've been unknowingly for so long. It's been a hurry. I've been working for me for years and I'm satisfied with your performance. Now I'll give you your last task. As long as it's beautiful, I'll officially close it. You teach the disciples your disciples.""Master, I do not know what mission? Even if the fire broke out, the disciples will also resign." Learned Elder Zhuge, to formally receive it as a disciple, cold guilty ecstasy."Help me find someone." Elder Zhuge Road."I don't know what the Master is looking for?" asked the cold guilty."A young man about 15 years old, who has mastered the thundery three styles of Qinglongzong. This young man, like you, has spiritual power and has had a close relationship with me. I just don't know his name. Who is the name, I do not know if he is my disciple of Qinglong."“A young man with spiritual power? And still mastering the thunderbolt of my Qinglongzong Three Styles?” At this moment, the cold and innocent look has changed a bit, and he said: “There is no such person in the core disciples.”"So I asked you to check whether he is an inner-door disciple or not a disciple of Qinglongzong. You have to find him for me.""As long as you find him, you can formally become my disciple. I believe you are not difficult for you.""This time in the cemetery, I played against the tyrants and the tyrants. I suffered some injuries. I will be retiring from this day. I hope you can find the boy on the day of my departure.""The disciple must do his best.""According to life." Respectfully answered, the cold and guilty got up and walked to the palace, but now his face can be a bit ugly, and even a bit cold."Cold brother, Elder Zhuge looking for you?""Yeah, cold brother, but what's the mission?"The two core disciples outside the palace came over. This is a man and a woman. The man is Gaole and the woman is Liu Bing. Do not look at their age is colder than the innocence. The entry is colder than innocence, but actually they are It is a cold guilty two confidants.“After checking in the inner door, if there is a young boy who has practiced thunder and lightning, if he finds it, he secretly extinguishes it. Do not let anyone know that it is your hand. Even Zhuge Liuyun cannot know. "Cold guilty cold road."We will do this." And Gao Bing Liu Bing is not hesitant, should be down, then quickly retreat.The cold and innocent turned his head and looked at the palace where Zhuge Liuyun was located. His eyes were distributed with cold light:"Old things, I sold for you for three whole years, and you actually wanted to accept other people as disciples at this time. If you don't care about me, then I'll take care that I am unjust to you and want to accept other people as disciples. There is no door."Regarding the core area, no one knows about the inner door, but more and more people gather outside the Wuji Pavilion at this moment. People are attracted by the green houses above the platform.In particular, the elders of the Wuji Pavilion, all of them are face-tight, staring at the practice array, because the distance from Chu Feng into the practice array, has passed a full three hours."When you are an officer, you don't have any accidents with Chu Feng. There are three hours. It's probably even you....." Some elders began to worry about Chu Feng."No, if Chu Feng is in a coma in the practice field due to lack of strength, the practice array will cease to operate. However, at the moment, the practice array is not only still in operation, but also has a stronger operation. This shows that Chu Feng still insists that at least he is still fine. Elder Ouyang shook his head, but his eyes sparkled with excitement.At three times, even if he is, he is now entering this practice field. I am afraid that at most three hours can only be held. After all, this is the practice that the Elder Zhuge, who is weaker than the sovereign, personally arranged. Array.However, Chu Feng, but with Lingwu seven repairs, in the cultivation of the array adhered to three hours, more than this core disciple can withstand the limit time, and is still insisting, this really makes Ouyang elders feel admired.Only when Chu Feng was in that practice field, after supporting four hours, this admiration became a shock.Especially when Chu Feng walked out of the self-cultivation array, people saw Chu Feng's extremely relaxed and hung face with joyful smile. He simply began to wonder if he really spent four hours in the practice array.It is doubtful whether the training field really has such unbearable pressure as the legend. For this reason, after Chu Feng came out, he resolutely walked into the practice field and wanted to find out.But the result of that trial made him know that this practice field is absolutely worthy of the name, because the disciple of good things only went in for a moment and fell into a coma and was carried out by the patrons.“Oh my God, so to speak, Chu Feng really spent four hours in the practice array and was not affected in the slightest?”"It's terrible. Is that guy still a human? It seems that there was a monster in my inner door."Looking at the disciple who was carried away by the elders and spitting on his eyes, people were exclaimed. Of course, they were not exclaimed but exclaimed Chu Feng who had calmly walked out.After this incident, Chu Feng undoubtedly created a myth in Inner Gate, but did not care about these Chu Feng, he was happy, it is because he has already mastered the first air art.Although it was only in the primary stage, but the kind of wind speed, let Chu Feng be very satisfied. At least this princeling technique was in place. He couldn't win over the strong man in the Yuanwu area, but he could escape safely. Ace means to escape.The passage of time will soon be the day when the core disciple will be examined, and the Soviet Union and the United States that disappeared for several days before the appraisal began will actually find the door.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!