Chapter 7 The Elixir Hunting (Gameng 5) It turned out that the Ouyang elders were the old man registered for Chu Feng.However, he still has another identity. That is the principal of Wuji Pavilion.He felt that it was probably Chu Feng who smashed this institution's pile, but he did not feel right when he thought about it.After all, Chu Feng's imaginary palm is only ten days and ten days, and it is impossible to practice the imaginary palm to such a point.“Elder Ouyang, come and see this.” As he was unable to understand his understanding, the secret room in the next room came again.It does not matter if this does not matter, and the elders of Ouyang are once again taken aback by surprise, because the organs of a secret room have actually been crushed."Thunder three, second type.""This martial arts is not actually learned among the inner doors." This time, the face of Elder Ouyang became serious.The three types of thunderstorms are the martial arts that the core disciples can cultivate. Now that they have appeared at the Inner Gate, most of the explanations are that they have a core disciple who leaked this martial arts to the inner door.However, if he thinks about it, he thinks it is impossible. After all, the Tsing Lungsong law is rigorous. If someone dares to secretly reveal military techniques, he can quickly find out that the core disciples should not be confused to do such things."Do you say..." Finally, Elder Ouyang found a trace of possibility to the elders behind him: "Come and invite Elder Su Lulu."At the same time, Chu Feng is practicing in his own room.After an hour of refining, Chu Feng has successively refined three Faeries. If this scene is seen by outsiders, he will certainly be staggering.Because even if Xiu Wu masters, refining a Fading Grass, at least one day, but Chu Feng is half an hour is not used.In addition, all the Fascinating Grasses of Chufeng Refinery will be absorbed by Dantian without any waste.This kind of thing can not even be accomplished by Xiuwu masters. It is said that the average person has refined a fairy spirit, and it is very good to be able to absorb 50% of his aura."It seems that if you want to get strength from you, you have to pay a great price." Even so, Chu Feng is still helpless.After refining the three Faeries, he did not have the slightest sense of breakthrough. He even felt that his Dantian was empty.Can be exchanged for ordinary people, if you can completely absorb the spirit of the three faeries, you can almost break from Lingwu four to Lingwu five.This illustrates a problem. Although Shen Lei has given Chu Feng far more than ordinary people, he also wants to upgrade Xiu Wei. Chu Feng also needs to pay far more than ordinary people.Aura, although Chu Feng can be agglomerated by law, even if it kept practicing for several months, it was far less than the aura contained in a fairy spirit.From this we can see that if Chu Feng wants to improve his cultivation, how much he will have to pay is a huge challenge for him."Oh, is this what the alleged advantages and disadvantages are?"Looking at the two faeries on the bedside, Chu Feng really wanted to refine them, but he did not do so because it was his plan to return to Chuyue."Chu Yuejie should have entered the Wujin Wujin quickly. These two faeries can help her." After some hesitation, Chu Feng collected the Faeries and he went to sleep.Early in the morning the next morning, Chu Feng got up early. He had two faeries and wanted to find Chuyue.The inner door is really too large, and it is said that there are more inner-door disciples than outer-door disciples.The vastness of the palace complex is endless. In this type of place, you are looking for someone to find a needle in a haystack."Big Brother, you said that we would like to join a league. After all, the elixir is hunting. People are more powerful.""It is very difficult to withdraw from joining the alliance. If there is any difficulty in the future, we will also be involved.""Say is, forget it, or go to the square to sign up for it." A pair of young men seemingly brothers, passing by Chu Feng, but they talk words, but let Chu Feng rejoiced."Two brothers, you just said that the elixir began to register?" Chu Feng asked."Yeah, the time each year for elixir hunting is not fixed. This year is indeed a bit earlier than in previous years."“Looks like you are the new disciple of this year? To sign up, just go with us.” This is also a passion for the brothers."Trouble two brothers." Chu Feng kindly smiled, he was very happy.The so-called elixir is an herb containing reiki. According to the different types, the elixir is divided into inferior, middle-grade, top-grade, and top-grade. However, in Chu Fenghua's fairy spirits, it is an elixir.As for the elixir hunting, it is Qinglongzong’s welfare for inner-door disciples.In a certain part of the Qinglong Mountains, there is a lot of elixirs, and this area is called the Elixir Hill.Elixir Hill, originally a forbidden land of Qinglongzong, is open once a year. All inner disciples can sign up for the event.The reason why it is called elixir hunting, it is because the elixir has spirituality, can escape swiftly, run at a high speed, and has a strong offensive nature. It is very difficult to extract it.Now that Chufeng is the most in need of an elixir, the more the better, and when elixir hunting begins, it is a great news for him."The younger brother, it looks like you haven't joined the league. Can you prepare for a hunt?" The brothers looked at Chu Feng."What's wrong?" Chu Feng was puzzled."It's not inconsistent that this elixir hunting is not a person's job. I advise you to join the league as well," the brothers kindly reminded.The so-called alliance is an organization built by inner-door disciples. Because this kind of organization can better narrow the relationship between disciples, Qing Longzong has not only opposed this kind of thing, but has been relatively encouraging."I just entered the inner door and I don't know much about the alliance. I wonder which leagues in the inner door are more powerful?" Chu Feng asked curiously."Haha, if you ask the right person, our brothers just did a lot of investigations into the internal league.""According to the investigation, it is known that there are thousands of internal and internal alliances, and the biggest force among them is the World Alliance and the Kendo League.""The members of the world's league are the most, and there are more than 5,000 people. There are two members of the world under the words of the world.""There are fewer members of the Kendo League, but there are at least more than 1,000 people. The Kendo League is a bit special. To join them, you must practice the martial arts skills that use the sword to make power. The few people on that side who carry the black iron sword are Kendo. League members."“The reason why these two ally forces are the strongest is not only the large number of people, but also the founders of these two alliances, all of whom are the big-name figures of Qinglong Zong.”"The two, who became the core disciples ten years ago, are among the best in the core disciples. They have their backing, and few people dare to move the Alliance and the Kendo League.""Brother, what you said is wrong, although the forces of the world and the Kendo League are very strong, but I think the strongest should be the Wing League." On the occasion of the elder brother's voice, the younger brother had an opinion."The Wings League is really terrible, but their number is too small. The so-called double-handed fighters are four hands. If there is a real conflict, they must not be opponents of the World Alliance and Kendo League." His brother shook his head."That may not be the case. Wingmen have a small number of people but they are all dragons. With the ability to fight against one enemy and one enemy, I think that the alliance between the world and the Kendo League is not necessarily an opponent of Wing Meng." The younger brother retorted."Two, this wing alliance in the end is what come?" See the two debate endlessly, Chu Feng is more and more curious.“This younger brother, you listened to me and said that this wing can absolutely be a myth of my inner door.” Upon seeing this, the younger brother took advantage of Chu Feng and began to talk about it.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!