Chapter 70 Jealous (Gayer 46) In the sky, a round moon hung high, on the ground, a pair of widows.On this quiet night stone road, Chu Feng and Su Mei walked side by side. Through the bright moonlight, Chu Feng from time to time, stealing sight of the Soviet Union and the US around him, could not help secretly marvel, this girl is still beautiful.The slender eyelashes, the watery eyes, the high-pitched Joan nose, the pink mouth, the perfect curvature of the chest, and the white skin, like snow, are really beautiful. People make heartbeat, saying that it is not an exaggeration to be a fairy.Looking into the place of God, Chu Feng did not hold back, then opened his arms and stretched out his black hand on Sumei, so he screamed and rang again."Come on, you gimmick, not just hold it, so as not to bite so embarrassing." Chu Feng looked at his hands, that two rows of neat little teeth print, pain chewing teeth.Fortunately, this is because he is thick and fleshy and is comparable to reinforced steel. If he does not know the Soviet Union, he may be able to bite off a large piece of meat. This shows that the girl really dares to mouth."Who let you take me cheap, stinking!" Su Meixun gave Chu Feng a look, and then said: "Is it true that you have been practicing for four hours?""You guy is really an enchanting person. Don't you know that practicing disciples, even the core disciple, can only wait at most three hours? Now you have become a freak of the inner door.""Is it? It can only be said that those guys are too abolished."Chu Feng was not talking big. If he didn't feel that he had mastered the air art, he didn't need to waste time. Even if he spent a few hours in practicing the array, there was no problem at all."It's not that they're awful. You're too perverted." Sumei was embarrassed. Then suddenly his eyes narrowed and he laughed. "Wait for the next meeting, we'll meet all the members of the Wings. Are you nervous?""What is the tension?" Chu Feng dismissed.He thought that the Soviet Union and the United States came to him so late. What a wonderful thing, but I do not know is the party members of the wing alliance, as to why the party, it is naturally because of tomorrow's core disciple assessment.The members of the Wing League counted Chu Feng, only a total of thirty-three, but this year's core disciple assessment, there are at least 12 people to participate, and these 12 people can be said that Wings League is now the strongest 12 people.This represents an internal wing wing alliance. A revolution will take place. Not only must a new leader be elected, but it must also plan for this assessment.Because of this core discipleship appraisal, not only Wing Meng’s momentum has long been preserved, but the Kudos League and the World Alliance have also waited for a long time. This assessment will not be as simple as the surface, and it is likely to be a confrontation with the top disciple of the inner door."I knew you didn't know what to do with this one. They wouldn't be nervous because of them." Sumei smiled sweetly and showed some appreciation in her eyes.Under the accompaniment of the Soviet Union and the United States, Chu Feng came to a residence. This is the residence of the Winged Alliance chief and the Wing League's current gathering spot. At the moment, all Wing Meng members are in this mansion.Entering the government office, Chu Feng felt a few sights condensing and began to sweep back and forth on his body. There were surprises and surprises, and the same disdain and suspicion.However, Chu Feng first felt, but it is these people's strong atmosphere, wing alliance is worthy of a genius alliance, the original Dragon Brothers brother flow, in this wing alliance, it can only be regarded as the bottom of existence.In the hall of the thirty-one figure, Chu Feng has also found several familiar people, such as Bai Long, Bai Hu, Ye Taozi, Zhang Tingzi, Bai Yi and others, all of whom Chu Feng had seen.“This is the Chufeng brother. I am the wing alliance leader, Situ Yu.” A handsome man, led by Wing Meng many members, came to Chu Feng.This Situ Yu, the same age and sword seal, and even repair is also a spiritual nine, even breath, but also a thicker than Jianfeng. However, although he was on the surface courtesy of Chu Feng, Chu Feng could feel that this person did not seem as good as the surface."Hey! My older brother spoke to you. Didn't you hear it?" Just in Chu Feng's kung fu, a black-faced teenager rushed out of behind Stuart.The age of the boy should be similar to Chu Feng. Even if he is too big, he is still only two years old. He has a repair and repair of the Eight Immortals, and he is not bad at this age.Only his attitude at the moment was very bad, pointing at Chu Feng with a sullen look, watching it look like Chu Fengfeng.Upon seeing this, Situ Yu stunned the black-faced teenager backwards and immediately felt sorry for Chu Feng: "This is my brother's Stuart Liang. I am a bit cranky, but my heart is not bad. I also hope Chu Feng brothers do not mind. ”"Rest assured, I have always been very graceful Chu Feng." Chu Feng waved indifferent."You ...." Mr. Stuart Liang was disgusted by Chu Feng's disdainful squeaks, and his nose was almost smoked. However, he was not attacked until he was stopped by Situ Yu.Afterwards, Situ Yu once introduced the members of the Wing Meng League to Chu Feng. Although these people are ostensibly polite, Chu Feng can feel that some individuals are obviously disgusted with him.The people who hate Chufeng are mostly male. As for the reason, Chu Feng is not hard to think of. It must be because he recently walked close to the Soviet Union and the United States. After all, the look of these men to Su Mei's eyes is not too great. correct.However, besides individual male members, female members are very friendly to Chu Feng, but Chu Feng does not know that the reason why they are polite to Chu Feng is because of the increasing reputation of Chu Feng at the inner door. Children will have a good impression of good boys."Since the members of the Wingmen League are in the same league, talk about the proper business. Please join us." After a short chat, Situ Yu solemnly began to speak.At this moment, Wing Meng’s members are all on their own. However, Chu Feng suddenly found a problem. There are thirty-three chairs in this hall. Thirty-one of them have already been seated and two positions remain.In the first place, next to Situ Yu, Su Mei is now led by Situ Yu and Situ Liang to the seat.The remaining one, at the very end, is logically nothing, just a seat.However, Chu Feng found that this sort of position is said to have been said, sitting in the upper are all masters, sitting at the end of the Dragon brothers and brothers and other poorer generation, which shows that Wing Meng is treated as a waste firewood Now.“Chu Feng's younger brother, sit here.” At this moment, a young girl beside the open space opened.The girl looks pretty good. She has a clean white face with a pair of fox-like eyes. She has long hair scattered on her shoulders. She is considered a beautiful woman, especially on her chest. , seems to want to call for general.The most important thing is that at the moment, the big-breasted woman is squeezing her eyebrows against Chu Feng. This is obviously to seduce Chu Feng.Speaking of Chu Feng as a man, despite his integrity, it does not mean that he would refuse to seduce women. Therefore, he no longer cares about it. Instead, he smiles and sits on the end of the seat.“Chu Feng's younger brother, I heard that you are fierce and fierce. Some time ago, one person took the Liu Meng to the same level.” After Chu Feng took the seat, the big-breasted beauty actually grabbed Chu Feng’s arm and put the two groups together. Soft and sturdy stickers came over."Wow." This is the voice of Chu Feng at the moment, because the two groups are so soft, Chu Feng's feeling is only two words, comfortable! This is the real big breast. Ah, Sumei is not fully developed. It obviously cannot be compared with her."You, get up." But at this moment, a fierce exultation sounded suddenly.Looking up and watching, Chu Feng and the big-chested girl and even the entire hall were surprised.I saw Sumei's hand clasping her * and the other finger pointing at the big-breasted beautifu next to Chu Feng's side, licking her mouth and squinting her eyes. The sweet little face was actually hung with a layer of naked eyes. The jealousy of Italy.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!