Chapter 71 Give me a quieter point (Jade 47) "Beauty, you ....." The big-breast beauty seems to be very afraid of the Soviet Union and the United States, for a time it is overwhelming."I let you stand up." Sumei overbeared.And this voice was to scare the big-breasted woman into a cheek. The little face suddenly turned pale, and he quickly stood up and stood sideways. He could not even speak again.Sumei Lengheng soon, first full of resentment glanced at Chu Feng, this was sitting in the place where the previous big breasts beauty, pointing to the position beside Situ Yu, said: "Sitting over there."The big-breasted woman dared not neglect, and with a short head she quickly walked to Situ Yu's side and did not lift her head. Instead, she sat down with a dingy affair.This scene, but let people stunned, surprise, this is how the matter, all eyes have to see it, this is Soviet and American jealous ah.Whose vinegar to eat? Eat Chu Feng's vinegar! Sumei, the innumerable person who pursued, but the first small beauty inside the door, actually eats the vinegar of Chu Feng. This is definitely a sensational thing.But think about it, this is not accidental, after all, the two have been walking very close recently, more rumors that Su Mei secretly love Chu Feng.Even if this is the case, this is still unacceptable to many people, but it is rather relieved that others like Shiraito, because they are more excited about the Soviet Union and the United States, they have all seen it with their own eyes.However, compared to the day and day they, that Situ Yu's face may be somewhat unnatural, even though he was trying to cover up, but still showed some uncomfortable, this guy is also jealous."You girl, really hot, why are you doing so?" Chu Feng grinned."I like it. Are you in charge of it?" Su Meixun took Chu Feng a look, then turned his head and ignored Chu Feng.After this small disturbance, the so-called meeting officially began. First of all, the 12 people who participated in the assessment of the core disciples included Chu Feng, Su Mei, and Situ Yu.The remaining nine people are also all spiritual and wugong repairs. It is not difficult for this kind of revision to be assessed by the core disciples, so it is basically certain that Wing Meng will leave 12 people.However, for this situation, Situ Yu has long been prepared, that is, his brother did not participate in this year's core disciple assessment, so Stuart Liang to stay in the inner door, and to take his class, to become the wing of the League of the Lord.Another thing is that Situ Yu suggested that after becoming a core disciple, Wing Meng will continue to retain and do not want everyone to go their separate ways.And Situ Yu, who has previously been a member of Wing Meng, but the brothers and sisters who have become the core disciples, put forward their ideas and wanted them to lead Wing Meng, creating a world among the core disciples, but they were rejected.So there is a serious problem right now. It is only that they want to form wing alliances in the core zone. It is only their group. After all, it is a re-formed wing alliance. Therefore, it is necessary to re-elect an alliance leader. This is the moment. The problem discussed.“Stuart Brother, is this still to be discussed? Since the former brothers and sisters refused to lead us, the position of this ally is naturally yours.”"Yeah, Stuart Brother, I would like to ask the Wingmen of today, whoever you are besides have this ability." Members, unanimously elected that Situ Yu continues to be an ally."Hey, you are all dragons in the world. You must have no people willing to send in hedges, so it's fair to be fair. We don't have to recommend me so that we can express our true thoughts."Situ Yu pretended to shirk, but anyone could tell that he was very happy and happy people recommended him to continue to be an ally.For this Situ Yu, Chu Feng gave only three words "hypocrites" for evaluation, so he too lazy to listen to what these people said, at the moment his attention is entirely on the Soviet Union and the United States.This girl had already said something to Chu Feng for a long time. The little hand dragged her chin and looked back. I didn't know where to look, but it is certain that she absolutely did not care what Situ Yu was talking about."Hey, girl, is it angry?" Chu Feng made up and asked with a smile."Who's angry? Who's angry? Does anyone deserve me to be angry?" Sumei glanced at Chu Feng with a grudge."You are not angry?" Chu Feng questioned."I'm listening to Situ Yu's brother seriously." Soviet and American sophistry."Well, what did you say about Situ Yu?" Chu Feng grinned."He said ...." Sumei was speechless. She did not listen at all. How could she know what Situ Yu was talking about?Turning around and seeing Chu Feng's mouth full of smirking faces, she realized that she had followed Chu Feng's path, her lips were low, and she could not wait to bite Chu Feng."Well, don't be angry. How can I tell you a story?" cried Chu Feng."What story? Would you like to talk about it?" Su Mei pouted, but still made an ear-dropping look."Three little white rabbits pick up a mushroom." "Two big ones let small ones get some wild herbs to eat together." "Small, I don't go. I'm gone. You eat my mushrooms." The big one said, no, assured to go, so the white rabbit went ~~~”"But after a long time, the white rabbit hasn't returned yet. There are two big discussions and we don't have to wait. We'll eat it.""At this moment, the little white rabbit suddenly jumped out of the jungle and said angrily. Look, I knew you would eat my mushrooms.""Hahaha, can't we say that rabbit hasn't left yet?""Haha, it must have been so cute and funny...."Sumei was laughed at by Chu Feng. The pleasant laughter was very pleasant. It was only at this time that it sounded but it was not the time. It has attracted everyone's attention."Come on, I'll give you another one." Seeing Sumei finally smiled, Chu Feng was also in a hurry, showing off his arms and sleeves, ready to show off again.The actions of the two men could have caused Situ Yu's dissatisfaction. He looked at his sweetheart and laughed before others, but he didn't pay attention to what he was saying. His heart was blocked.“砰” was at this moment, and Stuart Liang suddenly took a slap on the table and stood up, pointing to Chu Fengdao:"My older brother is talking. You give me a quiet point!"After hearing this, Chu Feng's face did not change, but slowly stood up and walked in front of Stuart Liang without hesitation.Suddenly, Chu Feng's big hand suddenly waved, only to listen to a "beep" a crisp sound, a loud slap in the face, then fell on Stuart Liang's face.With strong force, Situ Liang was directly tossed to the ground and his mouth was one. He spewed out blood and took out three incisors.This scene, but to scare the presence of people, Chu Feng actually beat people directly, and is still the wing of the alliance's future chief, Situ Yu's own brother, this is too bold.However, for all the people's surprised eyes, Chu Feng simply ignored it, but pointed to Stuart Liang on the ground, saying:"When you were talking, your mother gave me a quiet point!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!