Chapter 72 Abuse, Situ Yu (Gaga 48) "I'll slaughter you."Stuart Liang looked at a pool of blood and three incisors on the ground. His fury was extremely furious, and he suddenly burst out, bursting out of the Eight Powers, and breathing like a whirlwind sweeping across, rushing against Chufeng.However, just as Stuart Liang had just swept into Chu Feng's body and was about to launch an attack, he saw Chu Feng lift his leg and flew him again.And this time, Chu Feng’s strength was significantly larger than before. The strong momentum caused Szuliang's seat to be shattered by life. After flying for a few meters, he slammed against the wall.At this moment, many of the members of the Wingmen League who saw Chu Feng for the first time were all shocked. They were only seven emperors, but they could even squeeze Stuart Liang’s eight-star Stuart Liang. This kind of strength can really hold the people in check.Even those who would have wanted to put Chu Feng out of hand, have also dispelled this idea, especially in light of the recent rumors of Chu Feng. They realized for the first time that this guy is likely to be a tyrant."Chu Feng, you are too much too far, Wing Meng members like a family, what do you mean to treat Stuart this?" Situ Yu scolded.His own younger brother was humiliated in front of him. His heart has long been burning up. If not for his own identity, he has already started to use Chu Feng."The family, does he have to be my family? Do you have me as a family?""I told you that I would not play this game in front of me. Not to mention it wasn't a family. Even if it was a family, I would like to fight if Chu Feng wanted to fight." Chu Feng said coldly."Whoever you want to call is the one who you want to call. I will see today. How big are you? How dare you behave so arrogantly?" Situ Yu will have to speak, and Chu Feng is equally eager to try.At this time, Su Mei slammed into the front of the two people and said: "What are you doing, guilty? It will be the day of assessment tomorrow. You are fighting now. Are you prepared to participate in the assessment tomorrow? ”"Little America, you have seen everything before, and it's not that I want to shoot him. It is him...." Situ Yu wanted to explain."I have seen that, just now, Stuart Liang was wrong." However, the unexpected thing is that Su Mei did not hesitate to choose favoritism Chu Feng, but also favored so crisp.After listening to Su Mei’s statement, Situ Yu seemed to have heard the voice of his broken heart and could not control himself anymore. He no longer spoke to Sumeido, but pointed to Chu Fengdao:"Chu Feng, a man, don't stand behind a woman. Don't you like to fight? Today I'll take you with enough.""Well, do you think I'm afraid of you?" Chu Feng seized the Soviet Union's wrists and pulled Sumei behind him."You two have given me a hand."Upon seeing this, Sumei had some fury, but she couldn't get rid of Chu Feng's palm at all, and when an aura came into her body, her body was softened."Chu Feng, you ..." feels the feeling of oppression that engulfed the whole body. Sumei is surprised. Because of this coercion, it is no longer an arrogant situation. It is just as strong as Yuan Wujing.“You can rest assured that Xiaomei is the master of the Winged Alliance. I will take the overall situation as a priority. I will discuss with Chu Feng today and I will not use martial arts.” Situ Yu vowed to be the leader."Hey, do you want to let me?" Chu Feng contemptuously smiled."It is not for you, just do not want to hurt you, after all, you are the people recommended by Elder Su Lulu and Elder Ouyang. Even if it is Jean, it is only for Su Lun Elder and Ouyang Elder to have a face." Situ Yu said."Big tone, I'd like to see who is who."Chu Feng was too lazy to use nonsense. He shot straight and quickly. In a blink of an eye, he came to the front of Szeto Yu, and turned at a fast speed. The beautiful whip leg was drawn out.However, in the face of Chu Feng's fierce offensive, Situ Yu was only a cold bang, simply did not put Chu Feng in his eyes.With his right arm slightly lifted, he was willing to take Chu Feng this time, but he paid a terrible price for it.In the midst of a blow, Situ Yu's right arm seemed to have taken on all the power. When a pain came on his arm, a powerful impact was already taking him up.Upon seeing this, he rushed to work Xuan Gong, but it was too late. The powerful impact made him all fly.However, this Situ Yu is actually a master of Lingwu Jiuju, known as the strongest disciple of the inner door, so naturally it is also a means. I only saw her body rotate in the early air, and a beautiful rotation removes the momentum of the body. Finally settled on the ground.However, he just looked up, and Chu Feng was already near him. This time, a huge fist was hitting his face.Everything was coming so fast that Situ Yu couldn’t dodge. He only felt a burning tingling on his cheek. The whole person was once again flying out. And this time, he slammed on the ground and rolled twice in a row. Only stabilize the stature."Oh my God, then Chu Feng will be.....Chu Feng's speed is too fast, and the shot is only between the electric light and the flint. A lot of people didn't even see what was going on. They found that Situ Yu was already like a watermelon and rolled to one side, and when he got up, his cheeks were already It was slightly swollen and it seemed to be light."How could this happen? How can the speed and strength of this guy be far behind me? He is obviously only awe-inspiring, is he really a demon?"Situ Yu was shocked. He really underestimated Chu Feng. He never imagined that Chu Feng would be so powerful and powerful that he couldn't even play with his flesh."The Wing League chief, but this is the case." Chu Feng clapping his hands, smiled in his heart, and he than the flesh, is simply to find death."Chu Feng, repair must be mad, you can win me because I did not use martial arts.""If I were to use martial arts, it would be far from my opponent just relying on your present cultivation." Situ Yu said unwillingly.In front of his own members, he was defeated in front of his lover, and he was defeated in such a tragic state that he could not afford it. Therefore, he must find his face.Moreover, he knew that Chu Feng had a very short time to enter the inner door, so he felt that Chu Fengqiang was only strong in the essence of the flesh. If he used military techniques, he could completely suppress Chu Feng."Well, since you have said that, then I also want to see how you use martial arts, how good it is." Chu Feng waved his hand toward Situ Yu, motioning him to try again.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!