Chapter 73 reminded (Gaya 49) that Situ Yu did not talk nonsense. He only saw a loud noise. The entire hall shook, and a majestic atmosphere rushed out of his body. At one moment his body actually had a qualitative change.His arms and thighs doubled in an instant, nearly crushed the purple tunic on his body, and he could clearly see through his clothes.And his skin, even turned into gold, and even the hair is turned into gold, his eyes blood, breathing is also becoming mad and powerful.At this moment, Situ Yu, who is still the gentle winged alliance leader, is simply a lively golden monster, especially the breath of his body, but also has a kind of brutal oppression."Four steps to strengthen martial arts, gold lions change!""Imagine that the ally has actually changed the Golden Lion to this point. It seems that this time, Chu Feng will be undefended.""That's right, the Lion King is a four-step reinforcement of martial arts. It is such a point where he can cultivate himself to the ally. It is already invulnerable. Water and fire don't invade. It is a body of immortality. Even if that Chufeng body is strong, it is absolutely impossible to hurt. To the confederacy, there is nothing but ambiguity."Looking at the changes of Situ Yu at the moment, some of the Wingmen men believed that Chu Feng was undoubtedly defeated and could not help but feel the rapt feelings of people, because they couldn’t help but feel the overbearing strength of Chu Feng. Most importantly, they were Can't see the appearance of Chu Feng and Su Mei's pro-environment.As for female members, although they all found Chu Feng's powerful place, he was amazed by the strength of Chu Feng. However, when Situ Yushi showed this trick, they also felt that Chu Feng was a fiercely indecisive person.Only the Soviet Union, the United States, the White Dragons, the Dragon Brothers and the Tigers and others silently, because they knew that Chu Feng had a stronger military technique."Chu Feng, you are now admit defeat, I can let you a horse, or if my form is shot, can not guarantee not to hurt you."Situ Yu spoke up, and at the moment his voice was strong and powerful, as if a savage beast was no longer a human voice, and it was somewhat horrible."If you are so confident, then you quickly put the horse over, I would like to see how you hurt me." Chu Feng indifferent smile."Since you want to be hurt so much, if you don't complete one time, you won't be disappointed."Situ Yu moved. Whenever he took a step, his footing would be shaken by a rift. He rushed forward and the entire hall shook, like an earthquake.Looking at Situ Yu, who was forced by the front, Chu Feng smiled strangely. His stature turned out to show off the Thunder and went out."Hey, want to run, run away?"See Chu Feng even fled, that Situ Yu thought it was Chu Feng feared him, proud laughter soon, they chase out, as Su Mei and others, is also followed closely, rushed out in the first time.However, people just took out their residences, but people couldn't help it because Chu Feng did not flee. Instead, he stood at a spacious place outside the mansion and extended his hands to make a gesture of contempt for Situ Yu.Situ Yu snarled at the "find his death" and, like a 9th-order savage beast, took that terrible power and rushed to Chufeng again.But at this time, I saw Chu Feng’s thoughts and motions. My eyes suddenly appeared as Lei Mang. Immediately afterwards, I only heard the sound of “Crashing,” and began to burst on her body. The entire person was actually enveloped in white lightning. Degenerately made a thunder.Then the Chu Feng arm was lifted high. The thunder and lightning on his body were shot and shot. The destructive force actually turned the slate road under his feet into smashing. Several deep craters were constantly appearing around Chufeng."This .... This terrible atmosphere, what is going on? How could he cast such a terrible martial art?"At this moment, people are exclaimed. For the first time, they have seen that such terrible martial arts, whether in terms of power or atmosphere, have completely surpassed the changes in the Lion King that Shi Yuyu has displayed.“唰” was just then. Chu Feng’s fingers came out slightly and a Raymond burst out. Almost at the same time people reacted, the Raymond fell on Situ Yu’s chest.When the screams rang, Situ Yu was actually beaten and flopped several tens of meters. When he fell, he was restored to his original appearance, but his face was full of pain.At the same time, Lei Mang on Chu Feng was also instantly dissipated. Apart from the track on the ground that was damaged, there was no trace left. Like the thunder on his body, there was no general occurrence."Chu Feng, you are crazy, actually use this martial arts to my big brother shot, do you want to kill him?"At this moment, Stuart was terrified, cursing loudly, and ran to Situ Yu, even tears were emerging from his eyes.Because the previous explosion of the power of Chu Feng was terrible. At least in Lingwu territory, he had never seen such strong coercion and such overbearing martial arts skills, so he was really worried that he would be worried about Shi Yuyu being Chu Feng hit this kill.But at this time, that Situ Yu slowly rose to his feet, he first looked at his chest, and then reluctantly sighed, this was full of scolding Chu Feng:"Chufeng Brothers, thank you very much for your mercy, and I was not as good as Stuart. I lost!”When Situ Yu’s remarks came out, people couldn't help but take a cool breath because they could all hear what he said. It was clear that Chu Feng had previously left his hand, otherwise Situ Yu at the moment could never have been so sound."You don't have to be kind to me. I'll leave you with a little life, but it's just giving Sumei a face.""Little Mei, let's go, I'll send you back." Chu Feng gave a gesture to Sumei, then it went away, and Sumei also rushed past, leaving only the wings of the Alliance and other people ...Looking at the backs of the two people gradually disappearing, the Wing Meng members face is full of complex emotions, the heart can not help but surging, today, Chu Feng really left them a deep impression.They finally understood why Suo Meng Ouyang, the elders, would recommend Chu Feng to join Wing Meng. They finally knew why Chu Feng was so arrogant because he did have such capital and was even more envious than the rumors.In the past, they all thought that they were Xiuwu geniuses. But after today, they knew that in front of Chu Feng, they really did not deserve to be called geniuses."Chu Feng, you can't go on like this." Outside the house where Su Mei lived, Su Mei was dignified."What do you mean?" Chu Feng was puzzled.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!