Chapter 74 Assessment (Plus 50) "Even if you have spiritual power, you can't do this practice. Don't you know that repairing Wuyi is a way to stress the gradual progress? You're going to make such a quick breakthrough that will make it hard for you in the future." There are too many achievements.""If I want to, with my family's financial resources, I can completely break into Lingwu Jiuzhong before the age of 12, but do you know why I am only fourteen years old now, but I'm just arrogant?""That is because the use of continuous breakthroughs in cultivation resources is tantamount to destroying the rules of military cultivation and bringing strength. At the same time, it will also cause a burden on the body and will reduce the understanding of the future.""Even if you can become a master of Lingwu Jiuju in the short term, you will be faced with the predicament of being unable to break through to Yuanwu in the future. Do you understand what I mean?" Sumei's emotions are somewhat agitated, but it can be seen that She is really worried about Chu Feng.Looking at the Soviet Union and the United States, Chu Feng was snickering and somewhat distressed. He naturally knew that repairing Wuwu was a way to focus on the gradual progress of the cycle, and it was not for quick success and instant benefit. However, this was limited to ordinary people, and Chu Feng was clearly unable to be seen by ordinary people.Therefore, Chu Feng is most aware of his own body. However, his body has not caused any burden due to rapid breakthroughs. Instead, he has become increasingly powerful.But he can't tell truth about Sumei, because he doesn't know how to explain his body. He can't always say that I have not only spiritual power but also a special system. I have a group of gods and mines in Dantian.This secret, Chu Feng will not easily tell anyone, if you can, he will hide a lifetime."I know the girl, I will pay attention." I do not know how to explain, Chu Feng had to perfunctory.“Hello, let me know for myself. I don’t want you to have a great future but you’ve destroyed yourself because of quick success.” Looking at the grinning Chu Feng, Su Mei was a bit angry and turned to walk into his own residence.Looking at the back of the Soviet Union and the United States, Chu Feng’s heart was warm and there was a girl who was so concerned about her. I have to say that this is a happy thing.Early in the morning the next morning, when the sky was bright, Chu Feng had already gotten up because today is the day when the core disciple examined.The key disciples of the core disciples, Qinglongzong, are also the main fighting force of Qinglongzong. Their status and inner-door disciples are in stark contrast.First of all, the core disciples will enjoy the best cultivation resources of Qinglong Zong. Secondly, their families will also be protected by Qinglongzong. If anyone dares to move the family of the core disciples of Qinglongzong, it is equal to the enemy of Qinglongzong.Moreover, not all of the core disciples are the sources of Zhou Zhiyuan. In fact, many core disciples are very strong. Most of them have entered the Yuanwu environment. They are all highly talented and even some core disciples. Equivalent to the core elders.Take Su Rou, if she did not originally choose to be an elder of the Inner Gate, she is now also the core disciple. This means that among the core disciples, there is likely to be such a powerful role as Su Lu.So compared to the Inner Gate, the core area is where Chu Feng most wants to go. It is even more challenging. He likes this kind of life, and he has to force his own strong life.The location of the core disciple examination is also a huge underground palace. However, the scale of this underground palace is much larger than that of the inner gate. The institutions involved are also much more dangerous.The most important thing is that the organs for assessing the internal doors are invariably invariable, and the organs for assessing the core disciples have changed every year almost every year. No one knows what the organ of this year will be.Of course, as long as you have absolute strength, even the hardest organs can pass.At the moment, the twelve members of Wing Meng finally entered this huge underground palace."Hey, this Wing Meng is really generous. There are so many people participating.""It's only twelve people. Can it count as a big deal?""The Wing League has only a total of thirty-three members. This time, it's almost half of the staff. Isn't it big?""You really say this, hahaha....."Members of the Wulin League, including Chu Feng, had just entered the main hall of the underground palace and heard a sound of irony.Looking ahead, not far away there are two teams of troops and horses, one team is a kendo league, and the other is a world alliance.The people of Chudao League had seen Chu Feng. They sent out 30 people this time. Among them, in addition to Jianfeng and Jiuwu, there are three Lingwu eight-letters. The rest are all seven.The World Alliance is also composed of thirty people. One of them is a spiritual soldier and the other is a spiritual and military player.As for the powerful young man who possesses the strength of Lingwu's nine strengths, he has satirically wrestled with Wing Meng in the past. This is naturally the leader of the Alliance.“How did the alliance of the world and the people of the Kendo League join together?” Seeing the harmony of the world alliance and the Kendo League, some members of the Wing-Union felt very uncomfortable."You don't have to bother with them. This core disciple's assessment is different from the inner door assessment. It depends entirely on personal ability.""You see that the entrance is not unified, but that everyone can only enter one, that is to say, the level here is to be completed separately."“However, I have to remind you that when we go out of the underground palace, it does not mean that we have passed the assessment. After leaving the underground palace, we will enter a garden.”“There are a lot of potions in the garden. This is a reward for everyone through the underground palace. However, how many rewards you can get depends on your respective skills.”"And the most important thing is that the time limit for the assessment is two hours, that is, from the time we enter the underground palace, we must leave the garden within two hours, otherwise the assessment will fail."Situ Yu did not care for the people of the World Alliance and Jiandao League. Instead, he told Chu Feng and others about places that should be noted about this core assessment.Although the number of speakers, Wing Meng is not as good as the world alliance and the Kendo League, but the overall strength, Wing Meng's advantage is absolute, especially Chu Feng this enchanting, they simply do not worry about anything.Therefore, they are not afraid of the disadvantages of the Kendo League and the World Alliance. They are only concerned about whether they can become core disciples.Because if the assessment fails, it will return to the inner door to continue cultivation. This is a shame for Wing Meng’s people and cannot be resolutely prevented.“Chu Feng, I heard from my sister, that the garden was built by the Qing Dynasty Taoist who was the founder of the Qing Dynasty. Therefore, it was called Qinglong Garden.”“There is a kind of flower in the garden of Qinglong. It is called colorful flower. The colorful flower has seven colors. It is very beautiful. It is only that the colorful flowers are rare, and they are more rare than the elixir. Not everyone has the opportunity to see it, but I really want to see.” Sumei said to Chu Feng, his eyes full of longing."Rest assured, I will let you see." Chu Feng smiled."Don't say silly words, then the Dragon Garden is very big, and the other colorful flowers are really rare. They are not so good to find. They can only look at opportunities." Su Mei does not believe Chu Feng's words.However, Chu Feng smiled a bit and did not explain anything any more. When it passed by the sword seal, he suddenly stopped and said to Jian Feng: “Don’t let me see you in Dragon Garden, or I’ll Your mother did not know you."After completing this sentence, Chu Feng did not give the sword a chance to refute. He took Sumei and walked quickly, which could have made the sword deflated.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!