Seventy-fifth chapter similar genius, "Seal Fengyi, who is that kid, dare to speak to you?" Looked at Chu Feng that cool back, the world is all over the surprise of the League chief.Wing Meng's master, he basically all know, but Chu Feng alone he has not seen, and in Wing Meng dare to speak with the sword, only Situ Yu, so Chu Feng's move will let him I was shocked."An impatient boy, I will let him pay the price." Jian Feng's tone is very cold, showing that he really hated Chu Feng."Haha, that's of course. This time, Wing Meng doesn't even think that someone has passed the assessment and waited until the Dragon Garden. You can learn how to teach that kid.""Well, it's right for Sumei's girl. I'll leave it to me to deal with. Although I can't move her, it's always possible to take advantage of the opportunity..."All over the world, the League chiefs shamelessly smiled, and then joined the sword and whispered: "The sword is sealed, do you make sure that the organization you cracked is the correct one? It must be wrong, but it is harmful. My brothers.""Rest assured, this is absolutely true, as long as you follow the method of that map, I guarantee that they can all safely pass customs.""You just have to marry them and let them go through the clearance quickly. This time we have to block all the Wingmen in the Dragon Garden. We must absolutely not allow one to pass the assessment." Jian Jian said confidently."This is natural. All the people in his wing alliance think they are geniuses. This time we let them lose their face. Just think about Wing Meng's members, and assess the impact of all the failures being reported back to the inner door. I was very excited to die.” The Lord of the Allied Alliance laughed happily."Hey, genius? It's just self-righteous boozy stuff. Wing Meng's members are so arrogant at the Inner Gate. Now in the core area, not all of them have been defeated in that person's hands." Jian Feng said with a disdain.“You are the first disciple of Qinglongzong, Gong Luyun?”"Indeed, Gong Luyun is really terrible, and it is said that he is about to step into the Xuanwu territory. I don't know if it is true or false!" Mentioned by Gong Luyun, the face of the allied host of the world, the color of admiration emerged."Yeah, all said that he was the next day after Zhang Tianyi. After Qing Longzong, I was only twenty years old. If I really step into the Xuanwu territory, the achievements of the future will be limitless. I suppose the position of the future sovereign. It is none other than him." Jianfeng also admired the same."I'm sorry, let you wait for a long time." At this moment, a gentle and clear voice came. Su Lu led the elders to grand appearance.When Su Lu came out, all the people of the three parties could not help but be silent, because they all know that although the appearance of Su Lu like a fox, is also very gentle to people, but her means, many people are afraid At least in the inner door, no one dares to offend her.After Su Lu’s appearance, the rules of assessment were described in detail, almost the same as those described by Situ Yu. After the rules were completed, the doors of several entrances slowly opened, and Chu Feng and others rushed for the first time. Go in."Hey, this is used to give me a try on the air art?"At this moment, Chu Feng looked at the place covered by mysterious iron blades and only a few places where he could fall. The heart was full of joy.Suddenly, he had a blast in his foot and his tiptoe was dripping gently. He only listened to the sound of a bang. The entire man flew like an arrow from the string and stepped on the blade of Xuan Tie, and quickly swept into the depths of the channel. ,Disappear.As a seven-piece martial arts technique, even if Chu Feng had only mastered the primary stage, his speed was far beyond people's imagination. When he talks about the leg strength, I am afraid that the strong players in Yuan Wujing cannot match Chu Feng. ratio.With the speed of imperial deeds, Chu Feng winds through the land. He did not crack these organs, but he crossed all the organs.This so-called assessment of the core disciple is simply pediatric in front of him. Just a short moment of effort, Chu Feng has already stepped out of the underground palace. What he sees before him is the so-called Dragon Garden.Under the foot is the green grass, in front of a variety of exotic flowers and grass, the brisk sound of birds lingered in the ears, occasionally a breeze blowing, it came a burst of fragrant fragrance, surrounded by birds and flowers, here is absolutely true Xanadu."There is a lot of elixir here, but apart from the Elixir of Spirit, it doesn't make much sense to me."The first thing that Chu Feng did was spread out his spiritual power. He carefully sensed the surrounding environment and found that the Dragon Garden was large and he did indeed plant a lot of potions.Only Chu Feng did not pick it, but he was stature and vertical. He plucked it deep into the garden. He had no interest in other elixirs except Lingzhu. What he was looking for now was the colorful flower. ."Elder Su Lu, why did Chu Feng never move? Can you say that he wanted to give up this assessment?" The observation room of the underground palace, Su Lu et al.Here, although we cannot see the internal conditions of each channel, we can see the changes in the organization. The current assessment has already begun. The channel that Chu Feng entered can not be triggered. This makes many people feel puzzled. ."Go and follow me."Su Lu, who was extremely optimistic about Chu Feng, Liu Mei slightly wrinkled and pushed the door to go out. As for other elders, he quickly followed him out.But when they opened the channel in which Chu Feng was located, people were shocked because they discovered that although the passageway facilities were intact, Chu Feng was indeed absent.For this phenomenon, almost everyone can guess one or two. After all, as long as the strength reaches a certain level and mastery of superb agility, it is indeed possible to pass through this underground palace without damaging the organ.However, this kind of thing can only be done by the people in Yuanwujing. However, Chu Feng can only be regarded as a spiritual and sevenfold person. Therefore, when this happens in the case of Chufeng, people are naturally surprised."This kid can be compared to him." Surprised, Su softly closed his eyes.She suddenly remembered the genius many years ago, who had created Wing Meng, swept the Qiangmen in the core zone, and entered the Xuanwu territory at the age of 16. He became the first disciple of Qinglong Zong. Today's Chu Feng is indeed very similar to that of that year.In Su Rou's eyes, only such people can be called true geniuses.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!