Chapter 76 Discarded, Received "Treading..."A brisk pace reverberated in the channel. Sumei was swinging a soft body, swaying with crystal sweat, and running excitedly, because the door leading to Qinglong Garden was already in sight.As long as the door is opened, it means that she passed the assessment and became a core disciple. The most important thing is that the colorful flowers she really wants to see are in the world behind her.With a boring voice, the massive door was slowly pushed by the Soviet Union and the United States, and a touch of sunlight poured down, so that the Soviet Union and the United States could not help closing their eyes and feeling the breath of warmth.Only when he opened his eyes again and saw the picture in front of him, the cheek that was originally hung with a smile was instantly frozen and replaced by a full-bodied thriller.Not far away from him, carrying a person, the person's blood on his face was struggling to support his body and he wanted to climb up, and this turned out to be the wing's chief, Situ Yu.Only Situ Yu has not yet stood up, a powerful foot, he stepped on his body, powerful force, making him paralyzed, his mouth a big mouth of blood sprayed.The man who stepped on Situ Yu was one of the main swords of the confederacy of the kendo, and there was one person standing next to Jianfeng's side, but he was the leader of the world alliance, Luo Wu.“What are you doing?” Seeing such a scene, Sumei was angered at the same time as he was dismayed."Oh, this is not the first small beauty inside me, Sumei Shimei." Looking at the Soviet Union, Luo Wu excitedly laughed."Suemei, run fast, they have joined forces, is to aim at my wing alliance!" See Su Mei, Situ Yu shouted."Shut up for me!" However, when the voice just fell, the Jianfeng was a fierce kick. This ankle kicked in the belly of Situ Yu, and he painfully curled up into a ball and couldn't speak."You two quail eggs." Faced with everything in front of him, how could Sumei escape and anger rushed past.However, she was only a martial arts hero. How could it be the opponent of Jian Fengyi and Luo Wu? They would soon be subdued by the two. However, they did not harm the Soviet Union and U.S., but only used ropes of special qualities to bind Su and the United States. ."What do you want to do?" Sumei snarled with anger, although she and Situ Yu were not as close as Chu Feng, but they were also extremely good friends. She couldn't bear to see Situ Yu being abused by both men."Hey, Sue Mei is not excited. We just want to let you all the members of the Wingmen fold here.""If I say this you do not understand, I can clearly tell you that this year's assessment, Wing Meng members will all fail." Jianfeng smiled."Trick or treat, you guys are illegal. After the assessment is over, I will tell my sister. I will let you pay the price.""Haha, Su Mei girl, you are too high to see your sister, I admit, we are afraid of her at the door, but wait for us to become the core disciple, she still manages us?" Luo Wu disagree."Okay, this is what you said. Then we will walk.""You don't have to take your elder sister to scare us. We also know that you have many friends in the core area. But since we decided to do this, we are naturally not afraid of you and your sister." Jian Feng said with a disdain.After this, the disciples who had passed through the customs entered Qinglong Garden. However, all the disciples of the Wingmen's League were brutally beaten by Jianfeng Yi and Luo Wu.Later, 11 of the 12 people who participated in the appraisal of Wingmen were all planted in the hands of the World Alliance and the Kendo League.The most unexpected thing about the Soviet Union and the United States was that the members of the World Alliance and the Kendo League all passed through the underground palace. Even the members of the Seven Souls also passed and the speed of customs clearance was astonishing.At this moment, members of the World Alliance and the Kendo League are insulting the members of the Wing League. In turn, almost every member of Wing Meng’s team is swollen with bruises and bruises, but no one shouts, but grieves and suffers. Abuse of each other."Oh, weird, how did the kid pass through? Didn't it fail?" Looking at the road, the door has not been opened so far. Luo Wu is disappointed."He'd better fail, or I'll make him the worst one." Jianfeng said coldly."You better let go of us now, and then give us a good name and beg for mercy. Otherwise, if Chu Feng comes here, he will not let you off."Su Mei's evil way, at the moment she was really angry to the extreme. Watching one's partner, one by one, was hit so badly that she really had the heart to kill."Oh, it turned out that the boy is Chu Feng and Su Mei Shimei. You seem to have confidence in Chu Feng. Do you both have one leg?" When he saw this, Luo Wu smiled and walked next to Su Mei."The two of them are naturally one leg, but the boy is Su Mi's sweetheart." Jianfeng said one by one."It's true, Suemeimei, your vision is too bad, how could you catch on to a weak kid? If you look at him, you might as well take a look at me, eh..." Luo Wuyan came down, The Soviet Union's chin was even held by the hand."Go away and you dare touch me. I will call my sister to kill you later!""Why, look at what you are like now, I'm afraid I won't do anything to you, and you will say bad things to your sister?""But don't be afraid of you. I just want to kiss you one-by-one, baby, let me taste your taste."Lo Wu first licked his lips, and then his mouth licked. The big lips like a donkey kissed him on the sweet cheeks of Sumei's daytime.He could not wait for him to come across the Soviet Union and the United States. He burst into tears and thundered like a thunderbolt, and saw a blast passing by. Chu Feng appeared like a ghostly appearance beside Luo Wu.“呜”, one of Chu Feng's palms is like an eagle's claw. He licks Luo Wu's neck and presses him directly to the ground."I want to kiss you. I'll let you kiss. I'll let you kiss."After Luo Wu was pressed to the ground, Chu Feng lifted his left hand, held his palm into a fist, and against the Luo Wu's mouth, he continued to punch several fists. After the number of punches, Luo Wu was already full of blood. The mouth teeth were broken, even the chin fell, and the mouth was vomiting blood.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng’s anger shouted, and the big hand held on to Luo Wu’s mouth, leaving Luo Wu to struggle and it was useless. Finally, he had to swallow all the blood and teeth."This .... this guy."Looking at Chu Feng and Luo Wu not far away, this could frighten the people of the world alliance and the Kendo League. Even the sword seal is a look of great change.What is Luo Wu’s strength? He knows very well that he is a spiritual and ninth-weighted soldier and he has mastered Xuangong and four sections of martial arts. If neither of them can do so easily, he will defeat Situ Yu.However, it is such a tyrannical Luo Wu that there is no force in front of Chu Feng. What does this mean? Most of this shows that Chu Feng’s strength lies far above Luo Wu.And just as people were obsessed with their efforts, Chu Feng suddenly stood up and watched Luo Wu. He was already spitting, turning his eyeballs and fainting.At the moment, Chu Feng, with a cold face and cold eyes, exudes a cold air throughout his body. He only makes him look at him with a shudder and shiver."Little America, I want to deal with this group of people."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!