The seventy-seventh chapter beg for mercy uselessly Chu Feng step by step to the sword sealed first class people approached, his purple robe automatically without wind, his eyes cold pressing, all over the body exudes biting intention to kill, like a killing God.The face of such Chu Feng, the world alliance and all the people of the Kendo League, are scared back again and again, even worse, even a soft leg fell to the ground, and even crawling want to escape.Only the sword seal was still standing in the same place. He didn't want to run, but he could not run. As the leader of the Kendo League, how could he make such a shameful act before the hand below him?However, the oppressive feelings that Chu Feng brought him now do really make him feel uneasy, especially after watching Chu Feng. The extremely tragic Luo Wu knew that he was probably more prosperous."Chu Feng, what do you want to do." Jianfeng said in panic. Because the former Soviet Union's abolished meaning can really make him shudder."Seal, I told you, don't let me see you in this Dragon Garden, or your mom will not know you."Chu Feng face with a faint smile, continue to close to the sword, but in the sword seal, Chu Feng's smile, it is so cold."I want to abolish me. It's time to see if you have this strength."Seeing that he is no longer withdrawing his way, Jianfeng simply yelled and yelled, not only did not flinch, but to take the initiative to attack, want to be a pre-emptive strike.He pulled out the mysterious iron sword behind him, and the cold light flashed. Before the Chufeng smashed, several swords and spirits that had been condensed by Aura flew out. Like a meteor, they pierced the sky and sent out a groaning sound. Almost closed the road ahead of Chu Feng.This is not a simple sword method, but a four-piece martial art, and the sword is sealed by a family of swordsmanship. It is this martial art that is used to the fullest."If you are an ally, you have actually put this meteor swordsman to such a level."Seeing the sword-like air that was like a meteor, I was greatly overjoyed by the disciples of the Kendo League. At this moment their innermost feelings of fear became as if they saw hope. Suddenly they felt that their own allies could defeat Chu that was like killing God. maple.However, when the dense Jian Qi, swept into the front of Chu Feng, I saw only a motion of Chu Feng, his body covered with a layer of light Lei Guang, and when the Jian Qi encountered Lei Guang, like wood hit the iron Walls, broken and smashed, dissipated.This scene is not to say that everyone is even shocked by Jianfeng. His meteor swordsmanship has been repaired to completion. Even if Master Yuanwujing is a master, he will not be able to deal with this move. Otherwise, he will be hit hard, but now The dismissal of Chu Feng’s understatement, even his footsteps, failed to prevent it.The sword sealed the heart, and Jianfeng made a turn, but a few more swords and spirits began to rise. Only this time, he did not focus on one person in Chufeng, but instead aimed at the Soviet Union and the United States behind Chu Feng.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng's Jianmei was turned upside down and his big hand waved a thunderbolt from his hand. It was like a thunderbolt and a long whip. It completely smashed the sword air, and then Chu Feng was a wave, then the thunder and lightning whip was pumped away. The sword sealed one."The formation of clot, this guy actually mastered the five paragraphs of martial arts?"The sword seal is a big surprise. It can condense Aura into objects and send them out of the body. Most of this technique can be done. However, as Chu Feng does, it transforms Aura into substantial lightning. From the appearance and essence, it is completely close to the means of ontology. There are only five sections of martial arts to do."Abhorrent, who is this guy?"At this moment, he finally knew Chu Feng's powerful, but in the face of the lightning whip that swept away, he dared to think too much, and quickly erected the mysterious iron sword to stop Chu Feng's strike.However, when the thunderbolt whip was swept, only the sparks were splashed, and the mysterious sword in the sword's hand was actually swept into two breaks. At the same time, the long whip was already pumped by the sword. .This whip, which directly drew the sword a few meters away, was seen on the ground. He saw a bloody wound on his waist, and even saw the bones.At this time, Chu Feng continued to swing the thunderbolt and whip, and he yanked it on the body of the sword. Not only did the sword block the flesh and blood, even the arm was cut off alive.If it wasn’t for the sword seal and one breath, people really doubted that he was dead, but even if he hadn’t died, I’m afraid that this kind of injury would have to be maintained for at least three years and five years, otherwise I wouldn’t expect to recover."Chu Feng, brother, we are wrong. Please spare us."Suddenly, all the disciples of the Kendo League fell down, and even their own allies were beaten in such a way. They could completely think of what they would be, especially when they started with Chu Feng. They had no doubt that this guy would They were killed alive."Uncle Chu Feng, ask us to spare us a living. We will never dare to defeat your wing alliance."At the same time, the members of the World Alliance have all slid down, and can't help but admit their mistakes to Chu Feng. They are also really scared. If they face such Chu Feng, they will not be afraid."If begging for mercy and confession are useful, then all those who make mistakes will be spared the hardships of punishment. Today I just want to tell you what price we will have to pay for people who are near me."However, despite all the people asking for mercy, Chu Feng's face was not touched by a touch. Suddenly his pupil was shrinking and the thunderbolt and whip in his hands were again picked up.For a time, there was a constant scream in the Dragon Garden, and almost no one was able to pass Chu Feng's whip. However, Chu Feng would draw at least ten people for everyone. Even if the other person had died of fainting, Chu Feng would not Keep your hands.Finally, Su Mei spoke up and looked at the crowd of bloody people. Even though she was angry again before she hated them, she still could not afford a grudge, but there was also a trace of sympathy.After Sumei's opening, Chu Feng ceased to stop. He had no friendship with Situ Yu. The reason why he treats Jianfeng first class as such is that, in addition to his own personal grudges, he wants to help Su Mei out of breath. .However, compared to Su Mei, that Situ Yu and others were just scared. He finally knew that Chu Feng really kept his hand on him that day, but also feel scared for the provocation of Chu Feng that day, because of this ratio He looks so unbearable whether it is strength or means.“You guy, I used to go through the underground palace. But why don't you wait for me here. Is it that the potions are so important to you?”"If you take one more step, I will...."After being loosened by Chu Feng, Su Mei complained that she thought that most of Chu Feng was picking the grass in the Dragon Garden.However, Chu Feng did not refute the Soviet Union's complaints. Instead, he smiled and jumped into the bushes in the distance. However, when he appeared again, Su Mei's expression was instantaneously solidified.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!