Seventy-eighth chapter talent test Chu Feng at the moment, his face with a bright smile, very warm, warm enough to melt the human heart.But the most eye-catching thing at the moment is Chu Feng's right hand, where he holds a bouquet of flowers, which is very beautiful, because the flower has seven petals, each flower has a different color.Under the sun's rays, it is very beautiful, as if covered with a touch of colorful brilliance. There are also a few butterflies fluttering around, showing how fragrant this flower is.Colorful flowers, extremely rare, can only rely on the opportunity to meet the colorful flowers, at the moment in the hands of Chu Feng, there is a large holding.“Elixir is of course important to me, but this colorful flower is even more important because you want to see it, so I must help you.” Chu Feng smiled and sent the colorful flowers in his hands to the Soviet Union."I....." Sumei took the colorful flowers, but he didn't know what to do. He only felt that the heartbeat quickly accelerated, and his heart was sour and warm. His eyes were already moist."I will not be moved to cry." Upon seeing, Chu Feng laughed.Su Mei looked at Chu Feng and actually pulled back her tears. Then she put her nose on the colorful flowers and took a deep breath and felt the aroma of this nose. She smiled happily.The smile was very sweet and very beautiful. When the Iraqi people smiled and moved, the people present were fascinated. Even Chu Feng was no exception.However, few people know that Sumei's laughter is so happy not only because of the colorful flowers in his hands, but also because of the flowers that are willing to pick flowers for her."Let's go quickly. Wait until the next two hours have arrived. We must all fail." Su-mei smiled and reminded.“What do they do? If they don’t do it, they will not die if they are not treated in time.” Some people worry that even though they were not beaten lightly, most of them were only skin wounds, and those who were on the ground were all in leagues and kennels. People can't compare."Relax, I have a heavy weight, they will not be killed." Chu Feng explained."Well, don't worry about them. When my assessment time is up, my sister will enter this Qinglong Garden and see that they will naturally heal.""The other thing is that they are not right. My sister will not hold us accountable. It's time to get out of this Dragon Garden quickly." Sumei said."I know where the exit is, come with me." Chu Feng smiled, then he took the road for the crowd."You this guy, this is the first time you come here. How can you know where the exit is?" Sumei followed, and some were skeptical."In order to help you with these flowers, I have run through the entire Dragon Garden, and I can't familiarize myself with it nowadays. Not to mention where an exit is, and the elixir here has also been taken away by me." Feng smiled and patted his universe bag.And when he heard Chu Feng, Su Mei was both shocked and touched. He was shocked by the speed of Chu Feng. The large size of the Dragon Garden is not necessarily the same as walking to the end of the day. However, Chu Feng can be in a short time. How many times did he walk, how fast was his speed?As for moving, naturally because Chu Feng is to help her pick the colorful flowers, will walk so drunk in the Dragon Garden, so for the Soviet Union this innocent girl, apparently moved more than shocked.Sure enough, under the guidance of Chu Feng, Chu Feng and others soon came to a magnificent palace, and here is the exit of the Dragon Garden, the entrance to the core zone.Entering the palace, there is a large hall in front of it. There is a stone platform in the center of the hall. A triangular stone is placed on the stone platform. The stone is as high as one meter. From the bottom to the top, it is divided into green, yellow and red. The colors are very beautiful.The most important thing is that on both sides of the stone, there are six elderly people, each with gray hair and wrinkles. When you look at it, you know that it is nearly 100 years old.Do not look at the age of the six old people are very large, but the atmosphere of their body but extremely simple and honest, Chu Feng's spiritual power could not reveal their strength, it can be seen are all extraordinary generations.At the moment, they are closing their eyes and repose. When they hear the motion, they slowly open their eyes. However, after they saw Chu Feng and others, their eyes were old and strange.After all, Situ Yu and others, the injuries on their bodies and faces, are so obvious that they are definitely not injured by the organs. They are clearly artificial, but these old people do not ask any more. After all, the disciples have seen too many battles. ."That was a colorful flower. Even so much, did you use all the flowers of the Dragon Garden in the garden? It was an elder woman who was very surprised to see the colorful flowers in the hands of the Soviet Union and the United States.For the old woman's question, the Soviet Union and the United States can only smile back, because she does not know how to answer, my heart is only full of happiness."Well, come and test it." Another old man said.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng and others did not hesitate to step forward and come to the strange tricolor stone.In fact, the so-called test is to test one of their talents. This talent value will be announced in the core zone. It is known to all the core elders and core disciples that the level of talent is closely related to the training that will be obtained in the future.As for the test method, infuse a reiki among the tricolor stones. As long as the reiki concentration is high enough, they will activate them and they will shine brightly.Green represents the inferior talent, yellow represents the middle talent, and red represents the upper talent.Most of the core disciples are inferior talents. A few people can activate the yellow part and get a medium talent. As for the red talent, only two people have activated it so far.One was the first disciple of the year, Zhang Tianyi. Another is the first disciple of today, Gong Luyun.As the leader of the wing alliance, Situ Yu took the lead and went up. He was very confident in his talent. Therefore, he felt that activating the yellow part should be no problem. After Chufeng, he was also the first of the inner disciples. people.See Situ Yu put his hand on the test stone, and other people are following him up. Even Su Mei is no exception. After all, this test will represent their future achievements and their future.With an aura pouring in, the test stone generates energy fluctuations. Immediately following the green part at the bottom, it glows green.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!