Seventy-ninth chapter amazing discovery (plus 51) "This..." Looking at the green light, Situ Yu was greatly lost, he could not think of anyway, with his potential, it turned out to be only a sub-genius .For these achievements, although the elders were not overjoyed, they did not lose. The mood was rather steady and they sang: "The next talent. Next."After this, several other Wingmen members came forward to test. Although they all activated the green light, the light was weaker and weaker, at least not as bright as Situ Yu.For such a scene, Situ Yu secretly secretly delighted, which at least illustrates the talent, he is always stronger than some people, but it is the six elders, the expression on his face became depressed, apparently has begun to dissatisfied."Lower talent, next."Finally, after the Soviet Union and the United States, after the achievements of those people in front of them, the Soviet Union and the United States did not feel self-confidence at the moment. With an embarrassed heart, the uneasy, outstretched jade hand could be seen even if she carefully watched. Slightly trembling.In fact, before and after the Soviet Union and the United States, the eyes of the six elders also became dignified. After all, the Soviet Union and the United States were the sisters of Su Rou, and Su Lu was a recognized genius when he was a core disciple. The elders are very much looking forward to the Soviet Union and the United States.“嗡 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 缕 。At this moment, Su Mei's nervous mood suddenly settled down, replaced by the immense joy, the smile on her face can be seen, how happy she was."Yes, with medium qualifications, and with such a strong light, it seems that you are better than your sister's talent for repairing Wu."After so many talented people in the front, and even very poor people, the Soviet Union's performance is undoubtedly a bright spot. The six elders all nodded frequently and their faces showed a satisfied smile for the first time.Even Situ Yu and others were amazed at the talent of the Soviet Union and the United States, but when they were amazed, Su Mei and others all turned their attention to Chu Feng.They are all very much looking forward to the fact that the young man who has just entered the inner door and has come to participate in the assessment of the core disciple will have such a talent. Like Su Mei, it is still able to create such myths as Zhang Tianyi and Gong Luyun.As for Chu Feng, it is also full of confidence. He walks unrestrainedly to the test stone, presses the powerful palm on it, and his thoughts move.As the spiritual power entered, all people could feel that the test stone was fluctuating for a while, but only after that, the result was surprising.There is no light, not to mention the red part and the yellow part, even the green part is not a trace of reaction, Chu Feng's Aura did not even activate a trace of light.In the face of this strange situation, Chu Feng's brows were slightly wrinkled, and two auras were poured into it. However, the result was still the same, that is, there was no trace of light in all three parts."I rely on this situation." Chu Feng is very silent, can you say that his talent is so bad? Even the weakest green part cannot be activated?Not to mention Chu Feng. Even Su Mei and Situ Yu, who are full of confidence in Chu Feng, are also surprised. Because Chu Feng’s strength has proved his talent for repairing Wu, how can this be the result? ."This strength, this qualification can also pass the assessment, it seems that you are using a special means ah?" Previously that old woman, contemptible look to Chu Feng."What do you mean by this?" Hearing this, Chu Feng was also somewhat angry."Oh, what do you mean, I mean, isn't it clear to you?" The old woman gave a cold cry.Chu Feng wanted to refute this, but he was stopped by Sumei. These core elders are not older than the inner gate. Even she must respect him. It is not that Chu Feng can arbitrarily offend.Chu Feng was not a string fool. He understood the meaning of Sumei. Although he was extremely upset, he couldn't resist. After all, he couldn't even activate the test stones. After all, his cultivation was really easy. People doubt it."Forget it, and he said what to do and where to rely on strength, not a certain strength, even if he becomes the core disciple, only those who are stepped on, it is difficult to become a big instrument."Several other elders looked at Chu Feng's eyes. They were full of contempt, and even had a touch of anger. It was evident that they all believed that Chu Feng did not rely on his own strength to come here."Old Li, you should have seen the results of the test just now. These children will be handed over to you."The six elders got up and were ready to leave, but at the time of leaving they still remembered Su Mei:"Suemei, we are very optimistic about you, I hope you can be as good as your sister, but to make friends, you must keep your eyes open, or you will delay yourself."Looking at the back of the six elders leaving, Chu Feng’s inner anger swept up, but in the end he still managed to resist because he knew he must endure and challenge his invincible person. It was an irrational act."Chu Feng, just fortunately you did not get angry, those few but my Qing Longzong protector six old, each is a master Xuanwujing." Sumei quietly reminded after the departure of the six old men.“Hey, a few little friends, congratulations to you as the core disciples, and come and collect something from me.” At this moment, there was an old voice in the corner of the hall.At this time, Chu Feng and other talents noticed that there was still an old man there.The old man, with his fluffy white hair, was very scarce. He had a tendency to be bald, and the wrinkles on his face were dense. Together with his hunchbacked back, it felt like a person who was going to die. Scary.However, Chu Feng did not dare to underestimate the old man. He found that the old man's breath was no worse than the previous six elders. If those six are all strong in the Xuanwu area, then the old man in front of him is very It may also be a master of the Xuanwujing.Under the leadership of this old man, Chu Feng and others replaced the blue robes of the core disciples and each person received a token and a banner.The tokens also represent the identity of the core disciples, and behind the tokens, there are addresses where they live in the core zone. As for the banner, they need them to bring back the family.This banner is the symbol of Qinglong Zong. Only the forces protected by Qinglong Zong can obtain such a banner. People call this flag the Qinglong Banner.After receiving the core disciple's stuff, Chu Feng and others also walked out of the main hall and went to the heart of their long-awaited zone. Instead, the eldest old man, known as Lao Li, slowly walked to the test. Stone before watching it."Strangely, what the devil did before he performed in the Dragon Garden should belong to the genius. How could he not even make up for such talent?"The old man watched carefully, seemingly trying to find some reasons, but he could not find anything wrong, until he turned his eyes to the top of the test stone, only suddenly brightened, and then face changed.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!