The eighth chapter happened to meet with Chu Yue (plus 6). Wing Meng has never recruited members from the outside, but whatever is seen by them is the dragon of the people.“Don’t look at Wing Meng. Today there are only 32 people, but among the inner doors, they are all big names.”"And Wing Meng is extremely concentric. As members are brothers and sisters, they dare to move wing wing members. No matter who they are, they will retaliate."“Two years ago, a third-class door in Qingzhou was destroyed because of the wounded Wing Meng members. It was the Wing Meng that took it.”“What was so powerful?” Hearing here, Chu Feng was also surprised. Although the third class door was far inferior to the Qinglong Emperor, it was also at least one party force that could destroy it. It can be imagined that the Wing League was indeed very strong."Also, don't look at the founders of the World Alliance and the Kendo League. But compared to the founders of the Wingmen League, it's not going to flow.""According to legend, the founder of that wing alliance entered the inner door when he was 11 years old. He was a core disciple at the age of 14. At the age of 16, he was the first disciple of Qing Longzong.""But it is a pity that he did not aspire to Qinglongzong. When he was 16 years old, he left here. No one knew where he was going." The younger brother regretted this matter.“What is this person called?” Chu Feng was shocked. The core disciple, it was the focus of Qinglong Sect. Each of them can be described as a Wuqi Wizard.And the founder of the Wing League was invincible among the core disciples at the age of sixteen. What was this man really like?"He is called Zhang Tianyi." The younger brother said the name by word."Zhang Tianyi." Chu Feng wrote down this name because he had been educated by Chu Feng."That's right. I heard that Sulu, the beauty eldest in my inner door, was the first member of Wing Meng, and was one of the strongest people of the core disciple.""And, in addition to Elder Su Lun, among the core disciples nowadays, there are also many Wing Meng people. Everyone's achievements are not inferior to the founders of the world alliance and the Kendo League. Do you say that this Wing Meng League is not terrible?" The younger brother continued sermon."In this case, the Wing Meng is really powerful. Then what are the special signs of Wing Meng members?" Chu Feng was more interested in the wing."Wingmen rarely see, but each of them will wear a medal on the chest, which has a pair of wings painted on it," said his younger brother.The three men walked and talked, and soon they arrived at a crowded square. Here is the place to sign for elixir hunting.In fact, the so-called registration is to write your name on the banner of the square, and then draw a token, there is simply no hospitality for the elders.“This younger brother, the elixir hunt begins tomorrow. Presumably you want to join the alliance to seek asylum.”"So I'll advise you, like the wing alliance, don't think about it, because we can't get into it forever.""Don't say Wing Meng, even if the world alliance and the Kendo League are not so good.""So, if you want to join the league, you must keep your eyes open." After signing up, the brothers got together again.“Please also ask the two brothers and sisters for guidance.” Seeing such enthusiasm for the brothers, Chu Feng could not bear their face."Although a strong alliance can't get in, you can't choose to be too weak. Like how good all the alliances that introduce you can't enter. These alliances can't protect you. They can only make you bully.""For example, the girl who put bamboo sticks all over there looks at someone in the weak league and deceives the new disciple again." In the interlocution, his brother turned his finger not far away, a purple girl.Looking in the direction he pointed at, Chu Feng was not at all surprised because the purple girl was Chuyue."Chu Yuejie." Upon seeing this, Chu Feng excitedly shouted.Hearing the cries of Chu Feng, Chu Yue also looked back. After seeing Chu Feng, he was equally overjoyed. He waved and shouted: "Chu Fengdi."Chu Feng was in a hurry to find Chuyue. He couldn't think of meeting here. He quickly walked toward Chuyue."Oh, it's over. Another fool is cheated. We both talked so much to him. It's white." When they saw this, the brothers looked at each other and shook their heads."Chu Fengdi, you finally entered the inner door, and it was wonderful that our siblings were finally able to practice together.” Looking at the purple robe on Chu Feng, Chu Yue was full of joy and happy jumped. She was Since the heart is happy for Chu Feng.“Chu Yuejie, what are you doing?” Looking at the bamboo strips in Chu Yue’s hands, Chu Feng was curious."Hey, you don't know yet, Chu Wei Big Brother created an alliance at the Inner Gate called the Chu League.""Now the Chu Chu family's peers are all in the Chu League, but even then, the Chu League's people are still too few."“This is not, taking advantage of this year's new disciples entering the inner door, I would like to draw some people to join the Champions League and strengthen their forces. After all, if the Chu League is well developed, it will be of great help to the Chu Chu family in the future.” Chu Yue Laughing and explaining.Chu Wei in the mouth of Chuyue was the youngest generation of the Chu family. He was 20 years old this year and he entered the Qinglong Emperor ten years ago.However, Chu Feng's impression of Chu Wei was not good. When he was a child, he often bullied him and he had one."Then I help you together." Although resent Chu Wei, but Chu Feng did not want Chuyue too hard."No, really not, you do not understand the situation of the League of Chu, I can." Chuyue refused to smile, but also asked: "Yes Chu Fengdi, this elixir hunting you sign up yet?""You see this." Chu Feng smiled and took the token of the elixir hunting."Ha, great! This time, you can go with Zhu Fengdi to grab Lingcao. I'll tell you that it's a wits war. It's fun." Very much looking forward to it."Chu Fengdi, I'm busy. You come here to find me at night. I have something to say to you. I must come."After seeing a newborn student passing by, Chu Yue hurriedly put a piece of bamboo into the hands of Chu Feng, and then walked over to the nascent disciple and introduced him to the Chu League.See Chuyue insisted on this, Chu Feng is no longer strong to stay, and above the bamboo piece, it is to write the location of the Chu Yuet House.Walking in the square, he glanced at the surging crowd. He found that, like Chuyue, there was a lot of truth in propagating his alliance.Only very few people care about them. After all, everyone is not a fool. Unless you really can't join strong leagues, very few people will choose to join such a small league.And the so-called Chu League, only one person in the Chuyue is soliciting members, and even the Chuwei that created the Chu-Ultra did not appear. It is clear that for the sake of the Chu family, there is only one person in the Chuyue.In the evening, Chu Feng arrived at the official residence of Chuyue. Chuyue is now living in the official residence, apparently waiting for someone.Seeing Chu Feng, Chu Yue ran up with his hands and jumping.Do not look Chuyue than Chu Feng to be a year older, but it is also a flower girl, not only looks sweet, character is lively and cheerful.In the Chu family, Chuyue can be regarded as a living treasure. No matter how old or young, they like this ghostly gimmick.Came to Chu Feng, Chu Yue hands spread, smiled and said: "Hey, get up quickly."And between the white palms, it was actually a fairy.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!