The 80th chapter of the Wizards' Wizards tested the top of the stone. It was red, but if you look closely, you will find that at the top of the red part, there is a small black spot with the size of a sesame seed. The most surprising thing is that this small point is at the moment. On it, there was a black light flashing."Isn't that kid just activated this legendary part."At this moment, the old man's eyes can't blink, his breath can be ups and downs, and even the body that seems to be falling off at any time can tremble violently.The complete test stone, this is four colors, the top is not red, but black, but that black is simply a legend, it is said that the entire Kyushu continent, no one can activate it.If you say that you can activate the red part, it is a well-deserved Xiuwu genius. The person who can activate the black part is simply a legendary peerless wizard.It's also because no one has ever been able to activate the black part, so people think that the black part is useless, no one can activate it, or it is simply a lie, so gradually test the stone, leaving only three colors."Is this true? Is this really true?"Looking at the black dots that sparkled with strange light, the old man felt unbelievable and could not help rubbing his own eyes, but when he opened it, he found that the light was still there, but it was gradually subsided and eventually returned to its original shape.After discovering everything in the past and being true, the old man could not help but close his eyes to calm down the emotions of the moment. It wasn't until a long time later that he opened his eyes slowly, but his old eyes had already emerged. The color of excitement.He looked in the direction of the departure of Chu Feng and others. He whispered, "It seems that it is the day that I want to revive my Qinglong ancestors. It's just that this matter is very trivial. It seems that there is still a long way to go."For the things in the temple, Chu Feng and others completely knew that they had entered the core zone at the moment. Looking at the grand palace and the wide stone road in front of them, they finally knew that the new journey would begin here."This is the core disciple of this year, how come one by one swollen.""What may have happened, but the signs of their chests should all be members of Wing Meng. Will no one participate in the assessment this year in the World Alliance and Kendo League?""That little girl looks good, this age passes the assessment, and most of it is a fairy again. I just don't know which fairy will be conquered by which brother."There are many core disciples gathered outside the square. They all know that today is the day of the core assessment. Therefore, they all want to see the core disciples of this year. They look like this, and they gather here early.The Chufeng surveyed the people around him. Chu Feng was also among the core disciples. He was really Crouching Tiger and Hidden Dragon. Although most of the dozens of people who watched this time were Lingwujing, many had already entered the yuan. Martial arts.According to his knowledge, although the core disciples of Qinglongzong are far less than those of outside disciples and inner-door disciples, they also have about 2,000 people. It is no wonder that 2,000 people are young and have extraordinary strength. It will be the focus of Qinglong Zong.Because the two thousand people are much higher than the value of the hundreds of thousands of people inside and outside the door. No matter whether they are elders or future sovereigns, they must be chosen from among the two thousand."This breath ...."Suddenly, Chu Feng's brow furrowed slightly, then he turned his sharp eyes to the distant street, because he felt a strong breath on that side and was coming to them.Sure enough, at the end of the street, a dozen figures soon appeared. These dozens of people are all young men and women, but they are all imposing and beautiful. They are not only handsome men and women. Temperament is also very human.Although Chu Feng can feel the power of these people, he is unable to induce the strength of these people. It can be seen that they are not only simple Yuan Wu territory, but are likely to have entered the late period of Yuan Wujing.At the moment, the most attractive young man is the young man who is headed. This man is a single man who looks like a man and is not as good as a few people behind him. However, the temperament he exudes is far from perfect. Other men are comparable."Xuanwujing, the core disciple, is a master of Xuanwujing?"Chu Feng secretly amazed, although it can not be determined, but that kind of deep bottomless feeling, only the strong Xuanwujing have, so Chu Feng think this is mostly into the Xuanwu territory."Gong Luyun, my first disciple of Qinglong Zong." At this moment, Su Mei spoke up."He is Gong Luyun? No wonder..."To hear Sumei's statement, Chu Feng was almost certain that this would be a Xuanwu situation. After all, he knew that Gong Luyun's name was the first disciple to possess such strength."More than Gong Luyun, the seniors of my wingmen are also among them. I saw that the woman who was talking to Gong Luyun was not. She is a veteran of my wing, called Han Xue, and the eighth person in the Qinglongbang is my wing. One of the outstanding representatives of the League.” Su Mei pointed to Gong Luyun, a glamorous woman."Qinglong list eighth?" Chu Feng once again marveled, in the core zone has a Qinglong list, a total of ten rankings, and occupy these ten ranking people, it represents the strongest ten of Qinglongzong 2,000 core disciples Bit.Therefore, when he learned that Han Xue was actually the eighth person on the Qinglong List, Chu Feng was somewhat surprised. After all, her age was not great. Having such achievements, she has already shown that she is not simple."Haha, is really Han Sister, she came to welcome us?" Situ Yu and others saw Han Xue, equally excited.Although they have infinite interior doors, they are only a group of people at the bottom of their hearts. Everyone here has the potential to be no worse than them, but if there is a backing, then naturally it will reduce many troubles in the future. This Han Xue is the backer they want to rely on.Excited, even someone shouted loudly, and he shouted, it did cause Han Xue's attention, and even that Gong Luyun also turned his gaze."Han Xuemei, those disciples, do you know?" Gong asked."Well, they are members of Wing Meng. Today they have just become core disciples." Han Snow replied with a smile."Wing Meng? Didn't you tell them that in this core area, it is forbidden to form alliances?" After seeing the medals of Chu Feng and others, Gong Luyun's eyes were slightly blurred and flashed.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!