Chapter 81 Insulted “Mr. Gong, is it really impossible to form an alliance in this core area in the future?” Han Xue whispered, and it seemed that he was afraid of Gong Luyun."Of course, I said that I was a core disciple. I just need to be faithful to Qinglong Zong, and I'm not allowed to pull in groups and form my own forces.""I don't care at the Inner Gate, because all the people there are in the rally. They don't have any effect on my Qinglong Emperor. But in this core area, Gong Luyun will never allow anyone to attempt to form an alliance."“Sister Han Xuemei, I look at your face and I will not pursue them. You tell them that they will quickly take off the wing wing's logo. There will be no other Wing Meng members in the future. Their identity is only one. That is the core disciple." Gong Luyun's voice was a little cold."I know, I'll go and talk to them." And Han Xue is also afraid of a trace of neglect, nodded his head and then came to Chu Feng and others."Sister Han Xue, I want to die for you." After Han Xue was close, Su Mei flew into Han Xue's arms, and Han Xue was also smiling, showing that the two had a good relationship."Little America, do you really intend to continue to form wing alliances in the core area?" Han Xue laughed."Well, we think so. Is there anything wrong with it?" The smart Sumei heard the meaning of Han Xue's words.“It was indeed possible to change, but recently Gong Shih-hung has issued an order prohibiting the formation of any alliances and forces in the core zone. All alliances in the core zone have now been dissolved,” Han Snow explained."Gong Shixiong? Is Gong Luyun's brother?" After hearing this, Situ Yu and others couldn't help but turn their gaze to Gong Luyun, not far away, and a hint of fear appeared."In addition to him, who else can do this, so...""Sister Han Xue, we understand what you mean. We will not be forming wing alliances in this core area."Situ Yu decisively took off his chest medal. Upon seeing this, other wing members also took down their medals.Instead, Su Mei Liu Mei slightly wrinkled, said: "Sister Han Xue, this matter did not have to discuss it?"“Little Mei, I know you have deep feelings about this Wing Alliance. I wouldn’t like it again, but the situation in this core area is different. I rely on personal strength here. The role of the Alliance is really small. Not to mention Gong Shixiong has spoken. Who dares not." Han Xue bitterly advised.“He Gonglu Yun was just a disciple after all. Even the elders did not oppose him. He was qualified to say such things.” Just then Chu Feng spoke up.He is relatively familiar with the Soviet Union and the United States. He is well aware that the Soviet Union and the United States want the wing alliance to continue to exist in the core zone. Although he does not know what exactly is the reason, he feels that Su Mei's mind.This is why Chu Feng, why the wing wing has no use value for him, he will choose to stay in the Wing Meng because he was left behind for the Soviet Union and the United States."This is?" See Chu Feng opening, then Han Xue Liu Mei light pick, to vote for a strange look.“Oh, forget to introduce to sister Han Xue. He called Chu Feng and was a new member of my wing.” Su Mei quickly introduced."Oh, look at this appearance. The age of Chu Feng's younger brother should not be too big and he should not be involved in the world. The severity of some things is not understood and it is normal.""Xiaomei, his work will be done by you. Remember that the wing must be dissolved." After completing this sentence, Han Xue will turn to leave."Actually, I'm curious as to how serious the so-called seriousness is." Chu Feng spoke again because he could not stand the threat of others.After hearing this, Han Xue suddenly turned around and seemed to want to say something, but after seeing the Soviet Union and the United States, he calmed down and told Su Meidao:"Xiaomei, let alone remind you of being an elder sister. Now in this core area, no one dares to defy Gong Luyun, so you still give up the Wing Meng, which is a good thing for you."“What is the problem with Han Xue’s sister?” At this moment, the voice of Gong Luyun suddenly sounded. The first disciple of Qinglong Zong actually walked over.At this moment, the faces of Situ Yu and others all changed greatly. Even though they were in the middle of the door, they were really afraid of facing Gong Luyun."Gong Shixiong, there is no trouble, just chat with the teachers and sisters a few more." Han Xue smiled and perfunctory."Oh, I don't think it's as simple as that." Gong Luyun smiled and walked to Su Mei and Chu Feng in front of him, with an absolute tone:"I think it's time to say, Han Xue has already said to you. I only give you a choice now. I'll take the medal off my chest and I will never have anything happened."Hearing this, Sumei was hesitant, but slowly raised his hand and was ready to take off the medal because she had obviously felt the badness of Gong Luyun.At this time, Chu Feng seized the Soviet Union's hand and then smiled and said to Gong Luyun: "Mr. Gong, our wing will not affect other people. There is no need to disband it.""Hey," who had thought, that Gong Road, apart from anything else, raised his hand and blew on the face of Chu Feng.“Yeah.” At this moment, Chu Feng was shocked and rushed to run the air art. When he saw the blast under the foot, he disappeared and disappeared and appeared in a place ten meters away.“This kid, so fast.” Seeing this scene, all the core disciples were shocked to escape from the hands of Gong Luyun, but not the average person can do it."Yeah." However, Gong Luyun was a cold bang, I saw stature a vertical, as if ghostly appearance behind Chu Feng, a big hand caught from behind."Bad." At this moment, Chu Feng could feel that a powerful force enveloped his body and he almost lost the strength to escape. In the face of the master of Xuanwujing, he was still too weak.“砰” Then Gong Luyun grabbed Chu Feng’s neck and suddenly pressed down, actually pushing Chu Feng into the ground. That powerful force made Chu Feng’s into the hidden stone. , suddenly stunned around a large area of ​​cracks."You remembered me. In this central area, no one dared to refute me Gong Luyun. All those who dare to refute me have only one end. It is like you, like a dog, lying on the ground."Chu Feng's hands cling to the ground, running Xuan Gong to work hard to the body's strength, you want to hold up the body, but the back of the palm of the hand, but as if a mountain is generally pressing him, Mo said, stand up, even breathing It is also becoming more and more wasteful."Mr. Gong, we will dissolve the Wing League. This will dissolve. Please let him pass him?"Looking at Chu Feng, who had fallen into the dark stone, Su Mei frightened to cry out. While plucking the chest's medal, he ran to Gong Luyun's request."This teacher and sister, for mercy of such words, you say it's useless, I want him to say to me personally." Gong Luyun said, a handful of Chu Feng from the dark stone out."I'm not good," but Chu Feng had just left the black stone and turned back to Gong Luyun.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!