The eighty-second chapter about the war that sparkling bright sticky, dragged like a comet-like tail, flying at a lightning speed Gong Luyun's face.Everything came too suddenly, plus such a distance, when Gong Luyun reflected it, it was too late. He only heard a bang, and then the stickiness fell on his face."I'll slaughter you." Touching the slimy face on his face, Gong Luyun's madness, and the single mastery of the boxing of Chu Feng's head was over.This fist was no different, even the air was torn by it, and the roar of the wind blew. It was difficult to avoid the fall of Chu Feng, and the hair was extremely messy. Even the countenance was squeezed by the oppressive forces of the company. Changed shape, if this fist hit, even if Chu Feng is the copper skin, it will certainly be beaten.Faced with such a scene, some people couldn't bear to look at it again and close their eyes because they felt that Chu Feng was most likely to be killed here, but there was no way for him to make him infuriated Gong Luyun.The first disciple of Qinglongzong had a very high status in Qinglongzong. Everyone knew that he would be the future sovereign. In front of the future sovereign, what is the life of a little core disciple? Even Chu Fengzhen When Gong was killed, Gong Luyun did not receive any punishment. At most, he was trained a few words.However, compared to those who couldn't bear to look at it, more people are gloating and looking at it all. Their faces are not only without sympathy, but they are very much looking forward to it.Looking forward to the murder of Chu Feng, I look forward to the blood and splurge and look forward to the bloody scene, because they feel that this is right and they should offend the first disciples. This should be the case.However, everyone thought that when Chu Feng was dead, a dry, palm-like palm suddenly appeared, grabbing Gong Luyun’s wrist and stopping his fallen fist.This change was surprising, but when people saw the man who took it out, they were even more shocked to the extreme. The person who stopped Gong Luyun was actually a thin, thin, hunchbacked old man. The old man’s Modeling is like a dead person, and it's scary.For this identity, everyone also knows that it is the guarding Qinglong Garden, the elders responsible for receiving the new disciple. No one knows his name, but people call him Elder.This position of Elder in the core zone may not be high. At best, it is an old man who fights. All the elders look down on him. Even all the disciples despise him. Therefore, no one puts him in his eyes.But at the moment, he actually took Gong Liuyun's punch. This naturally makes people startle because people suddenly realize that the old man who looks at the humble is not a weak person, but is actually a strong person.Gong Luyun, who was on his breath, did not give Li Elder his face. When he used Xuan Gong's big hand and waved his hand, he wanted to shake off the elders.However, this rejection does not matter. He was shocked to find that he could not shake it at all. His wrist was locked in the hands of the old man and could not be moved at all."Gong Luyun, you are the first disciple of my Qinglongzong, and I have to protect my fellow siblings. What kind of practice is this?" Elder Elder said with no haste, he smiled kindly, but laughed somewhat. terror."As the first disciple of Qing Longzong, he has the right to control his brother-in-law. He doesn't put my words in my heart when he speaks out. If I punish him, what's wrong with it?"Although he was surprised by the strength of Li Elder, Gong Road was still unreliable, because he felt that in addition to the Sovereign, there was only the protection of the elders, and that the Elder Zhuge was worthy of him. Respect, other elders do not have this qualification."If it was only punishment, you had already done it before, and this matter is just like that." Elder Chang grinned and suddenly waved his hand, and Gong Luyun was thrown out. The powerful force made him step back a few steps.At this moment, watching the disciples was even more astonishment. If he had just received a punch from Gong Luyun, indicating that his cultivation was not weak, then his actions at the moment meant that his strength was strong, at least. Gong Luyun is even stronger.The Xuanwujing and Xuanwujing elders are not more than ten in Qinglong, but each one is in a high-ranking position and is extremely high-ranked and is respected by the core disciples.But this elders, with such strength, why should such a humble errand? This really made people puzzled, but anyway, from today, all disciples have a new understanding of this elder Elder.“Do you want to protect him?” Being thrown away in public, Gong Luyun felt no face, and the chill on his face was cold to the extreme."It is not to protect him. He just doesn't want a good seed. He is killed." Elder smiled."Good seedlings, you really can afford him." Gong Lu Yun sneered.“This is not a good seed. It will be known in the future. It is just that you have been repairing martial arts for many years. It is somewhat immoral to bully him.” Elder laughed."I am immoral? Do you mean that I took Xiu Wu for a long time and I was bullying him for a short time?"Gong Luyun was even more annoyed. He thought he was a genius of Xiuwu, and the people around him all thought that when someone dared to say this to him? He said that he was taking advantage of Xiu Wu for a long time. He bullied the newly recruited man and he could not accept it."Or?" Elder sneered."Well, I'll give him ten years. If he still can't beat me in ten years, I want you two to join me in daringly admitting mistakes." Gong Luyun was really furious, pointing at an elders and saying that Kind words.For such Gong Luyun, Li Elder smiled and did not answer. Instead, he looked to Chu Feng next to him: “You know what you mean?”"Ten years are too long, one year is enough." Chu Feng smiled.And when he spoke, did not say that others, even the elder Elder who spoke for him was also surprised, one year? Is this kid not me? It doesn't matter if he loses. Even Lao Tzu will have to admit him wrongly.Thought of this, Li Elder quickly smiled and asked, "You're OK, Xiaoyou, in a year's time?""One year is enough, because I always have a report of cunning Qifeng, do not like to delay too long." Chu Feng firmly back."Haha, a good boy, one year a year, you don't say I bully you, after one year you don't need to beat me, as long as you can block me three strokes, I even if you win." Gong Luyun pointed to Chu Feng Smirking.However, Chu Feng smiled indifferently and said: "No, after one year, I will kill you."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!