Chapter 83 No one wants to oppress me. "Do you want to come and die with me?" Gong Luyun sneered."It is to be with you, death or death, afraid?" Chu Feng asked."Afraid? I'm afraid of you? Haha.... ridiculous." Gong Road Yun laughed and laughed loudly, as if he heard the world's best laugh, and then said to everyone:"Today, I set a death and death squad with this child. After one year, still here, there is a decisive level. If he can block my three strokes, I Gong Luyun will boast here and there is absolutely no complaint."Gong Luyun’s discourse is overbearing and direct, and his arrogance is extremely high. It can be seen that he is full of confidence in himself. What is most strange is that people even recognize his confidence. As if this moment, people have seen Chu Feng’s death here after a year. .What can be done in one year or one year? It is hard to say that Chu Feng is a Lingwu territory. Even if he is a Yuanwu territory, it is impossible to step into Xuanwu territory within a year.What's more, Gong Luyun is now the first genius recognized by Qinglong Zong. In the course of this year, his strength may have to be improved a lot. Therefore, people think that Chu Feng’s chance of winning is almost zero."However, if after a year, if you can't stop my three strokes, I will shoot you alive and nobody can save you."Gong Luyun pointed to Chu Feng’s wickedness and left these words, and he hurried off with a cold spell. Those who came with him also all looked at Chu Feng with a sneer and only caught the past."Chu Feng, I'm sorry, I blame me..." Su Mei came to Chu Feng and looked at the bloody Chu Feng on his face, and he cried out again."It's okay, it's just a minor injury. Don't cry."Chu Feng wiped the tears of Su Mei’s cheeks and then turned his gaze to them. Not far away, Situ Yu and others laughed and said, “You don’t have to be afraid. Since they are not members of Wing Meng, we have nothing to do with it. I will not You are tired.""Chu Feng, we ...."After listening to Chu Feng's words, Situ Yu and others faced a burst of changes. They really did not dare to approach Chu Feng. They were indeed afraid of Chu Feng's involvement with them. He let Chu Feng offend the first disciple Gong Luyun."Oh, you guys don't have to look at me like that. I don't owe you to Chu Feng. You don't owe me Chu Feng. From strangers."Chu Feng waved his hands in front of Situ Yu and others. Although his mouth was hung with a smile, his eyes were unusually cold. His side did not need such a hypocritical friend.See Chu Feng this way, Situ Yu and others are not artificial, meaningful look at Chu Feng one, they will each leave, at the moment they must be clear relationship with Chu Feng, otherwise it will be a major disaster."This little friend, in a year, how confident are you to win Gong Luyun?" Just then, Elder asked."Oh, do not marry the elders, and now I do not even have a grasp." Chu Feng is also frankly down."What? If Chengdu does not, you dare to set up a life and death bureau. Are you not burying my old man?" Elder Elder suddenly blinked his beard and narrowed his eyes."Oh, I just thanked the elders for helping. However, Chu Feng hasn't even grasped one percent, but there will be ten percent sure after one year?" Chu Feng laughed."Your kid, where's so much self-confidence?" Li elderly looked at Chu Feng."My self-confidence comes from stress. After one year's victorious, I die. So I must win." Chu Feng smiled again.“Oh, young people now.” Elder did not say anything, but took a roll of paper from the Qiankun bag and came to a notice wall in the square. He opened a roll of paper and put it on. .At this moment, a lot of disciples went around because they knew what it was. It was the assessment of Chu Feng and others. What they most wanted to know at the moment was how talented Chu Feng was, and so dare to provoke Gong Luyun.However, when Chu Feng’s data was posted on the wall, everyone was dumbfounded and the talent was unknown. What is the situation? Staying in the core zone for so long, it was the first time I saw someone's talent is unknown."Oh, he failed to activate the test stone, so the talent is naturally unknown." As if to know the suspicions of everyone, Elder Li smiled and explained."What? Didn't activate the test stone? That's not to say that he's not even talented. I rely on it. It's so embarrassing. It's been a waste for a long time."People exclaimed and looked at Chu Feng’s eyes even more contemptuously, and for the people’s remarks, Li Elder did not comment. After affixing 12 rolls of paper, they waved their sleeves and entered their old age. In the palace."This old man is really not simple."Chu Feng would like to thank him again, but seeing that Elder couldn't even look at him at a glance, he did not pass the past because he knew that Li Elder would certainly have his own plans to save him, but he did not know the reason.And he said that thanking him more is also useless, because thankfulness should not be used to speaking, but should be done with practical actions. What Chu Feng has to do is beat Gong Luyun one year later. Only in this way is he the best. Thanks to the way, at least everyone knows that this Elder Li saved him today and did the right thing.In the voice of countless people, under the eyes of numerous people, Chu Feng took the core disciple token and went to live in the core area.From beginning to end, Su Mei was accompanied by his own side, simply ignored the words of others, but looked at Chu Feng distressedly, which made Chu Feng's heart very warm."Chu Feng, blame me for me, I'm tired of you.""You leave Qinglong, go to my family, protect my family, and don't fight with Gong Luyun." After entering the palace, Su Mei hurried to open his mouth."What do you mean? Want me to shrink my head?" Chu Feng was displeased. Although he knew that the Soviet Union was good for him, he was still uncomfortable."You don't know the background of Gong Luyun. The power of his family is no worse than Qinglong. No matter why he came to Qinglongzong for cultivation, he wanted to occupy this place as the sovereign of Qinglongzong.""First of all, after one year, your hope of winning him is very small. Even if you can win him, you cannot kill him because if you kill him, his family will certainly kill you.""In short, you have almost no hope of winning this war. He and his family will not give you this hope." Sumei said dignifiedly."Oh, if this is true, I will not just kill him but will destroy his family.""Suemei, I know that you are good for me, but I have never been afraid of Chu Feng. Today, since I dared to fight with him, I will definitely make an appointment on his day. Even if it is me who died at the time, I also believe it. ”"I am afraid that Chu Feng is not afraid of death. I'm afraid he is still alive. Today, Gong Luyun is so insulted by me. On his day, I will have to return a hundred times the shame. Otherwise, what is the point of my being alive? Can I live in the world and let others insult? of?""No, I Chu Feng is not born to the Lord. No matter who the other person is, I don't want to suppress me. I can tolerate a moment of insult. But I will not tolerate the humiliation of I. All those who have oppressed me will let me. He paid the price.""He Gong Lunyun dared to oppress me and I dared to kill him Gong Luyun. His family dared to oppress me. I dared to destroy his family. If the whole world dares to oppress me, I will kill all people in the world unless I die, otherwise the whole world No one wants to oppress me Chu Feng!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!