The Eighty-fourth Hundred Bow (Gai 52) After listening to Chu Feng’s remarks, Sumei was stunned. She was deeply attracted by Chu Feng and was attracted by the momentum. She had a strange feeling. The feeling is that she thinks that Chu Feng is not saying anything. This young man can do everything he says."Xiaomei, I know you will not be like Stuart Yu, but it is a fact that I have offended Gong Luyun, so I don't want to burden you." Suddenly, Chu Feng said."Chu Feng, what do you mean, today's event is due to me. If it's not me... you can't happen this kind of thing. You're because I've been so wronged, if I'm away from you, Go, then I'm still human.""Indeed, he is very powerful in the core area, but I Sumei is not afraid of him. I am not afraid of him not only in the Qinglong Emperor, but also in the Qinglong Emperor. I am also not afraid of him." Sumei said firmly.Looking at such Soviet Union and the United States, Chu Feng did not know what to do, and Su Mei was afraid of Gong Luyun. Of course, fear, after all, is now in this core area, is the world of Gong Luyun, even if her sister Su Rou, may not be the opponent of this Gong Lunyun.But precisely because she was scared, but she was able to speak these words with firmness, Chu Feng could not bear to persuade her again because he did not want to fail the Soviet Union's intentions."Well, I really can't help you with this girl. In that case, you can accompany me to Wuji Pavilion.""Wow, I was thinking about practicing Wudang Wuji."At this moment, the Soviet Union and the United States once again became the lively and cheerful girl who jumped and ran out, and Chu Feng was all the way along.The core area is very large, but there are only about 2,000 disciples, so after some things happened, they spread very quickly. For instance, the battle between Chu Feng and Gong Luyun was just a short moment of effort and it has spread all over the core. zone.In addition, the appearance and name of Chu Feng has been hung on the notice wall, so most of them have an impression on Chu Feng, so when Chu Feng and Su Mei went to Wu Gong Ge, almost everyone saw him. Everyone will talk about him.In view of this situation, Chu Feng had long anticipated and therefore ignored it. The same was true for the Soviet Union and the United States. The two went into Wuji Pavilion with a smile and started to pick the favorite martial arts skills.The Wuji Pavilion in the core area is much smaller than the Wuji Pavilion at the Inner Gate. It has only one floor, but it is exquisite. The worst martial art here is also the three sections of martial arts, and the best is the Wu Duan Wu.Of course, in addition to martial arts, there are Xuan Gong, but Xuan Gong is also the first Xuan Gong. For the two people who have practiced breath-breathing law, the effect is not great, so they mainly want to choose a martial art."Five paragraphs of martial arts change bows, strange names."After a lap, Chu Feng was attracted by a martial art called Baixuan Gong, and he could not help but read it. This is more like Chu Feng.This is a conciliating type of martial arts. The control of Reiki is very difficult. It is to exclude Reiki from the body and consolidate it into a weapon to fight. It can be condensed into various forms according to your own preferences.It can be said to be a sword, a sword, a fork, a crowbar, a crowbar, a whip hammer, and a variety of weapon forms. It can be condensed and equipped with the attacking routines of these weapons.However, if it is difficult to concise, it is a bow. If this bow emerges, it can turn arrows into spirits and shoot them out in ten miles. The speed is fast, and almost no one can hide. It is a very powerful means.Therefore, these varied bows are definitely considered to be superior martial arts skills in the Wudang Wuji. Of course, its difficulty in cultivation is also very high."On this one." After finalizing, Chu Feng took this martial arts to do the registration. After Sumei selected a martial arts technique, the two men walked out of Wuji Pavilion.Only at the moment, outside the Wuji Pavilion, there are more than twenty core disciples, and these core disciples are all face-lifted. At this moment, they have surrounded them and sealed their escape route."What do you want to do?" Looking around twenty or so core disciples, Su Mei Liu Mei slightly wrinkled, asked loudly.She actually deliberately made it. After all, she was still at the door of Wuji Pavilion. She wanted to lead the elders in the Wuji Pavilion and asked the elders for help.However, the elders clearly heard the cry of the Soviet Union and the United States, but they simply ignored it. Instead, the disciples of the Wuji Pavilion ran out to see the excitement.“This sister is the sister of Su Lu’s sister, Sumei?” asked a disciple."What happened?" Su beauty face cold."Oh, I heard that Sumei Shimei is a middle class talent. This is rare in the core area. With the talent of Su Meishimei, you must be able to see your name on the Qinglong list.""But Sumei Shimei, with your talent, why do you want to stay with this guy? It's not a good thing for you to walk so close to him." The other man laughed."I like to stay with others and stay with them. This is my business. It has nothing to do with you." Sumei said coldly.“Oh, Sumei Shimei, I just kindly advised you to think of you so unappreciated. If that is the case, then I will tell you the truth. This Chu Feng offended Gong Shixiong. He has been unable to stay in the core zone.”"Today we come here to teach Gong Shixi a lesson about this arrogant kid. I hope you will be far away from him. Otherwise you will hurt you. But don't blame us." The man's face also became cold.“Do you want to teach me Gong Luyun, or do you want to teach me so that Gong Luyun can see you with different eyes?”"The waste really is waste, and only you guys can think of shooting Gong Luyun's flattery in this way, but I'm afraid you can't make it." At this moment, Chu Feng suddenly smiled and looked at. The eyes of everyone are full of disdain.The strength of these people is not weak, but it is not too strong. They are all the strengths of the Wujin and Lingwu. The inner door is absolutely top-notch, but in this core area, it is the real bottom.Therefore, Chu Feng can think of the reasons why they came to find their own troubles. They just wanted to take the attention of Gong Luyun and get some benefits. Only their strength, Chu Feng really does not care.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!