The Eighty-fifth chapter of the crisis "can not imagine that there will be a good show so soon, I think this Chu Feng can live a year later, it is difficult to say.""Yes, offending Gong Shixiong, how to survive in this core area, even if Gong Shixiu does not have a shot, there will be many people who take the initiative to find him in trouble. His strength is really difficult to mix."Looking at the scene before me, people watching the crowd sneeze and feel again and again, all feel that Chu Feng must be mad and flat today. After all, Chu Feng’s strength is only a seven-fold aura, coupled with the poor talent. In this core area, I’m afraid that I can easily Everyone can call him to find teeth everywhere.This is why those Gong Luyun's dog legs, Chu Feng has not yet shot the reason, because they think Chu Feng is too weak, has disdain to Chu Feng shot."How, are you a group of wastes coming together or are they coming together?" Chu Feng glanced at the crowd and said contemptuously."A good man who is arrogant, obviously has to wait until the next generation of talent is not considered waste, but he dares to call us waste. If you don't give you some lessons today, you really don't know what the sky is."One of the core disciples was Chu Feng's irritability, striding forward and striding forward. As soon as he had a forceful big hand, he caught Chu Feng. This guy actually started working directly.“啪” can be in the big hand, will encounter Chu Feng, Chu Feng's palm is firmly grasped his wrist, a powerful force, it is difficult for him to enter half an inch."This kid actually blocked that attack?"The onlookers were surprised that although the strength of the disciplinarian who had taken Chu Feng was very weak, but it was an auspicious, but it was more than sufficient to deal with Chu Feng’s seven-fold reliance. How could it be so easily blocked by Chu Feng? ? However, when the next scene occurred, their surprise was completely shocked.Chu Feng wrist slightly hard, suddenly pulled down, only to hear "click" sound, that core disciple's arm, has been broken by Chu Feng.However, this was not finished yet. Chu Feng lifted his leg and headed straight to the person's left leg and knees. He slammed once again and the man's left leg was broken and began to roll.As soon as people were surprised, Chu Feng was snaking like a ghost into a disciple, boxing out, and slamming down on the man's face, directly hitting the man's chin. .“This beast gave me a waste of him.” Looking at the blink of an eye, the two fallen people, the group of core disciples were completely angry and the group attacked and actually rushed toward Chu Feng.However, in the face of that group of attacks, with all kinds of gorgeous martial arts, with all kinds of prestige hit the people, Chu Feng was just a sneer soon, eyes and a Raymond flash, the body was instantly shrouded in thunder.The thunderous light, like the fall of tomorrow, dazzlingly bright, makes the people onlookers dare not open their eyes, and the powerful power makes them fall back again and again.However, when they felt that the power and power had receded, they could not help but open their eyes, and when they watched, they were face-swept and stunned.Before the dozens of people who sieged Chufeng, they were all lying on the ground. Everyone was black and was burned lightly. It was rolling over, and miserable.Looking at Chufeng again, even if the hair was not damaged, the body was not even contaminated by a bit of dust. I was contemptuous of watching everyone on the ground mourning. The cold road: "I want to teach me Chu Feng. You haven't got this qualification yet."With this fall, Chu Feng once again swept the cold eyes to all the people onlookers. All those who saw Chu Feng's gaze undoubtedly did not play a chill, and his heart rose with bursts of frost and could not help but step backwards. Even the strong players in Yuanwujing are no exception.Looking at these gloating and gloating that had previously been seen, it was now one of those nervous people. Chu Feng's mouth sneaked with a sneer and he took Su and the United States away."Oh my God, why is this kid so scary? The momentum he has just had, where is the rubbish of a Lingwujing? It is not necessarily a person who even has Yuanwujing.""Not only that, but the martial arts he had just displayed was not a simple Wudang technique. It seems to be...""That kind of momentum, it should be three kinds of thunder.""How could the Thunder three styles? The Thunder three styles are only four pieces of martial arts, but they are just a mighty force. They are obviously five pieces of martial arts.""Yes, the Thunder Three is indeed a four-piece martial arts, but you should all know that if the third model of the Thunder Three is practiced, it will be Wudang.""You... do you mean?"At this moment, people simply dare not continue to think, because the Thunder three types, after all, is so far, only the masters of the Qing Dynasty master Qing Dao master means.There were countless people who had practiced, but no one could master it. But now it seems that Chu Feng seems to have mastered this legendary martial arts. This is how people are not shocked."Oh, it seems that this kid is not simple, no wonder dare to provoke Gong Luyun.""The martial arts just now must be the third form of the Thunder III. I can't think that he has already cultivated to this point. It seems that the cold and innocent people who are looking for us are mostly him."At this moment, somewhere outside the Wuji Pavilion, a man and a woman appeared. They watched the back of Chu Feng's departure, and his eyes filled with coldness."Look quickly, those two are not Gaole's brothers and Sister Liu Bing?""These two were all strong players in the Qinglong List. After they were defeated by cold crimes, they took the initiative to remove their names from the Qinglong List. They haven't seen them for a long time, and they don't think they will appear here.""I have heard that since they were defeated by cold crimes, for unknown reasons, they have chosen to follow the cold and guilty. They are now doing nothing for cold crimes, so they rarely appear in Qinglong.""Is it true? When you are beaten, do you choose to follow others? It's not easy to say that it's cold and guilty.""That is, of course, cold and innocent, but I was the only disciple of Qinglong Zong who had spiritual power. Although Xiu Wu was inferior to Gong Luyun, his spiritual power was not what Gong Luyun had.""Yeah, now only 19 years old, has been ranked third in the Qinglong List, and it is not enough to say that it was the second day of my Qinglong Emperor. I believe that the second position of the Qinglong List will be his sooner or later."Referring to that cold and innocent, the colors of admiration emerged in the faces of all the disciples. After all, that was another recognized genius after Gong Luyun.After leaving the Wuji Pavilion, Chu Feng separated from the Soviet Union and the United States. He did not return to his residence. Instead, he left Qinglongzong. He wanted to become a core disciple. He personally brought back the Chu family and brought the dragon to himself. Flag, personally inserted in the town.Only Chu Feng did not know that when he left Qinglongzong, two core disciples of Yuanwujing quietly followed him.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!