Chapter 86 Mysterious masters, in the garden of a certain mansion, are feeding a beast.This is a 9th-order savage beast. It looks like an elephant is so big. It looks like a monkey, but its fangs and teeth are fierce, but this savage animal is unusually well-behaved.It is only eating the food on the ground. It does not attack cold and innocent people. It even lets its hair touch without any guilt. There is no response.It is not that this savage animal has attached intelligence and has changed the nature of brutality, but it has been deeply suppressed by the power of cold innocence. It is a cold and innocent pet, a pet conquered with power."Cold brother, you are looking for someone we have found." Gao Le and Liu Bing, standing behind the cold and guilty road, their attitude towards cold and guilty is very respectful, and even some fear."What is that kid's background?" The cold and guilty smirked the savage beast and asked questions. He never even looked back.“He is called Chu Feng. This year, he is only fifteen. He is from the Chu family in the town of Chuanshan. He has a spiritual and seven-fold cultivation. Today he has entered the core area and has become a core disciple.”"However, this child is not reconciled. Not long ago, he publicly attacked Gong Luyun and was taught by Gong Luyun. If he weren't the elders who took care of the Dragon Garden, he might have died." Gao Le said."Do you know Elder Elder? He would have shot!" Heard Elder, and his cold, innocent eyes flashed."Yeah, as you said, that Elder really hides the strength, at least the master of Xuanwujing." Liu Bing rushed."That is, of course, he can hide others but he can't escape my senses. My spiritual power has long discovered that he is not simple, but why did he save the Chufeng? Is it their relationship?" Trapped in meditation."Would not be it, then Chu Feng's origin is very common, not to mention the agreement with Gong Luyun a year later, even if we do not deal with him, Gong Road Yun will be slaughtered him a year later." Gao Le continued."What? It's really a arrogant kid, but it must be solved as soon as possible. This can't be delayed." The cold and guilty dash reminded.“Rest assured, this boy has left Qinglongzong and returned to Chu. He should try to send the Qinglong Banner back to his family. After all, the Chu family is just a small force. The Qinglong Banner will help him greatly."And we have sent the Zhao brothers to assassinate him. Although the kid is a bit of a means, but after all, the Zhao brothers are all three in Yuanwu. The two of them cooperate with the tacit understanding to solve the kid absolutely enough," Liu Bing explained.When they heard this, they were guilty of being cold and guiltless. They suddenly stood up and pointed at the two and scolded them, "Don't you understand what it's like to have a long night's sleep? Or say, I teach you this All little things are too lazy to do it, but let me personally get it?"Seeing such coldness and innocence, the face of Gao Le and Liu Bing also changed greatly, and she scared back and forth again. Then she said in unison, "We will solve this problem with him."Gao Le and Liu Bing hurriedly left Tsing Lung Tszung. The two were riding on horses and were rushing toward the Chu family. In the hands of Liu Bing, they held a triangular yellow character.The light flashes with a faint glow, and as the two move forward, the light is getting brighter and brighter, and seeing this situation, Liu Bing is slightly frowned and suddenly grabs the fast horse. , nervous: "Not right.""What happened?" When seeing, Gao Le also became tense."This is the positioning of the Zhao brothers. They should follow the Chu Feng and leave the Qinglong Zong. Then they are nearby," Liu Bing said."What, can you say?" At this, Gao Le was also frowning and became uneasy.“唰唰” The two jumped off the fast horse and began to search in the vicinity according to the locator's instructions. Soon the two entered a jungle, and the light on the locator became brighter and brighter. A bit of flashing, but it always shines.When the two men traveled two kilometers in the forest, they were astonished to find that there were two figures not far ahead and were lying in the grass. Both of them were dressed in civilian clothes, but it was their appearance. Known Zhao brothers.Only the two people at the moment are no longer in breath, but the most surprising thing is that they have no scars on their bodies.Gao Le leaned down and pressed his hand on the chest of the two men. After groping for a while, his brows were locked and his dignified gaze was:"All the internal organs have been shattered and they have been shocked to death.""How could it be that Chu Feng was only a seven-armed force? How could it have such a powerful coercion? The Zhao brothers are all masters of the Yuanwu triple." After hearing this, Liu Bing's face became pale.To coerce the other side to alive and stunned, it was at least three times higher than the other side to repair, and this is Chu Feng can not do, which shows that Chu Feng has a helper, and that person has at least the strength of Yuan Wu six."It seems to be guilty of being cold and guilty. We looked down at that." Gaole sighed helplessly, his eyes flickering, wondering what he was thinking."What should I do? That Chu Feng has masters around her, and the repair is weakest and it is also the Yuan Wu Sixth, and it is very likely that it will be stronger. If that person has the strength of Yuanwu Jiuju, even if the two of us join forces, it may not be necessary. He was able to deal with him."Liu Bing lost his mind, after all, he and Gao Le, now all are Yuanwu eight heavyweights, in the face of this unknown enemy, they naturally no confidence."If you go back in this way, you will be guilty of being guilty of being guilty of being cold and innocent. Your means are known to you. We are only his jealousy. He will not have a slight deal of softness with us. You should not want to taste again. That poison is very biting. Right?""No, of course not!" After hearing the poison word, Liu Bing's face suddenly became iron and blue. Even his body began to tremble. His eyes were full of fear."So, this Chufeng must be killed. Otherwise, that cold and innocent will definitely not continue to give us antidote. As long as I think about that kind of taste, I would rather be killed." Gaole insisted, and Liu Bing also No longer hesitate, nodded his approval.For the cold and guilty of wanting to harm himself, Chu Feng had no idea, so he naturally did not know that there were two people who wanted to assassinate himself and had been secretly resolved.At this moment, his mood was excellent. After a few days' hurry, he was already back in the town. When he thought of the news that he had become a core disciple and told Chu Yuan, Chu Feng couldn't help laughing at the happy appearance. Sound."This breath is uncle!"Suddenly, the look of Chu Feng was greatly changed, because he sensed that not far away, there were several atmospheres that were intertwined, and it was apparent that someone was fighting, and that one of them was actually his uncle. Chu Renyi.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!