Eighty-seventh chapter Chu family is difficult to lead back to the town on the road, Chu Renyi and Chu family members of the Chu family are being besieged by a group of people.At the moment, most of the Chu family members were seriously injured and lying on both sides of the road. Even several of them had already been wounded because of injuries. Therefore, only Chu Wuyi, an emperor of Wuwu, was still struggling to support her.However, in front of those six enemies of the Eight Immortals and several enemies of Lingwu, Chu Renyi was obviously lost. His body was already bruised, and his mouth was full of panting. His eyes were permeated with power at this time."Chu Renyi, unexpectedly, we have long been here waiting for you for a long time, and today no one can save you Chu family. How many people will be killed when you come back from the Chu family!" said a man headed by him."Ma Zhong, I Chu family and your horse homeless, no reason, why do you want to join the Xu family, is not good for my Chu family!" Chu Renyi loudly asked."Haha, Chu Renyi, why did we join forces to deal with your Chu family? Do you think it is clear that you can win this person?” Ma Zhong sneered, and surrounded the Chu Renyi side with the murderous machine."Jointly to deal with my Chu family, it depends on whether you have this ability." But at this time, a loud voice, suddenly exploded like a thunder.Suddenly, everyone in the horses was shocked and rushed back to wait and see. It doesn't matter that everyone is surprised.When I saw a teenager, I was riding a white horse and slowly walked towards them. This naturally is Chufeng."This is the youth of the Chu family. Chu Feng. How did he come back?""No, you look at his clothes. It's the dress of the core disciple of Qinglong Zong."At the time of the Chu Family Association, these people had seen Chu Feng, so Chu Feng was recognized at a glance, but when they saw Chu Feng's core disciples, they were surprised.The close of the Chu family would not even be a short period of one month. However, Chu Feng, who was obviously an inner-door disciple, became a core disciple within such a short period of time. This is hardly imagined.Even if people knew that Chu Feng’s talent was good, he would become a big player in the future, but he couldn’t imagine that his talent would be as good as he had ever imagined."Chu Feng, run." Suddenly, Chu Renyi shouted."He was surrounded by him and he must not be allowed to run away." Upon seeing this, Na Mazhong also reflected it and hurriedly directed the crowd to enclose Chu Feng.As for Chu Feng, this group of people would not be looked at in the eyes, but they would just stand on the ground with tall horses and contemptuously looked at the group of people who had been locked up and locked up."Haha, you are a good little devil, it is so young to become the core disciple of Qinglongzong, if you let it grow again, it would be alright." After seeing Chu Feng was sealed off, Ma Zhongcai laughed at ease."Yes, today must kill the Chu family. Otherwise, there will be endless trouble."Others are also attached, after all, Chu Feng's talent is too stingy, strong enough to make them feel afraid, if not kill Chu Feng, then their troubles in the future will be too big."Trick or treat, you want to kill my Chu family, you dream." And this moment, that Chu Renyi is as crazy, rushed over.Today, the Chu family is an imminent disaster. Almost all of the reliant towns must perish. The hopes of the Chu family are placed on the juniors. It is clear that Chu Feng is the greatest hope among juniors. Although he himself does not like Chu Feng, but as a Chu family, he must keep Chu Feng, even if he sacrificed his own life."Chu Feng ran quickly, called the children on the moon they do not go back to the town." Chu Renyi while struggling to kill, while shouting loudly."Well, I couldn't care for myself. I wanted to save others and I killed them all."Ma Zhong Lengheng loudly, hand-held Xuantie sword, they slashed away to Chu Renyi, while others, all killed the past to the Chu Feng, Zhaozhao spicy, really want to kill.Ma Chung-tong was an emperor and he was eight times, but it was in prime time. In addition, Chu Renyi was already seriously injured. Therefore, his bold and aggressive swords, and several swords went down, Chu Renyi was extremely strenuous. He was slow and difficult to resist.At this time, bursts of screams began to linger behind him. At first, Ma Zhong disagreed. He thought that he was his own man and he abused Chu Feng.However, the more he heard the more wrong, the sound seemed to be issued by his men, and when he saw not far away, the Chu family was surprised but enlivened with a look of joy. He finally realized that it might not be as smooth as he had imagined.Feeling wrong, Ma Zhong blinked and then flashed to one side. He watched as soon as he was surprised. He only saw his Ma family and other people. They both had the first two places and had no atmosphere.Looking back at Chu Feng, his blood was covered with unscathed hair. He was stepping on the body of a horse family and wiping his blood on the man’s clothes. He seemed to feel Ma Zhong’s gaze and could not help turning around. Evil smile appeared."you you...."At this moment, Ma Zhong was scared and looked pale. He even took a few steps back. Even the mysterious iron knife in his hands was thrown on the ground. An accidentally, he groaned and planted it.Because he couldn’t imagine how many masters of Ma's family would be slaughtered by Chu Feng in a blink of an eye, and the means would be so cruel that each one was knocked off his head.The person in front of him is still a boy who does not have a worldly life. It is simply a wicked and devilish person. Especially after Chu Feng's eyes are cast, the bloody murderer who has been mapped to him is almost oppressive and he is about to suffocate.Chu Feng ignored the response of Ma Zhong, but stepped back to him. He dropped the majestic iron knife that Na Mazhong dropped to the ground and picked it up. After looking at it, he said, “Good knife. ."“Yao” voice just fell, a Hanmang passing, saw the blood sprayed out as the general injection, and that Ma Zhong did not even send out the miserable, they have already landed.Looking at such a scene, even Chu Renyi and the Chu family were frightened by body tremors and cold sweats appeared on their foreheads.Because this is really incredible, let's not say why Chu Feng’s strength is so tough. It's even easier for a person who is struggling to kill Lingwu's eight powers than to cut a chicken.At such an old age, how could he have done so badly? Not to mention that Chu Feng was still a fifteen-year-old boy. Such a matter is not even their adult men.“Uncle, what happened?” Chu Feng dismissed Xuan Tie Dao aside and hurriedly asked, because he could see that the Chu family seemed to be in big trouble."Feng Er, Chu family has a big disaster." And in Chu Feng's questioning, Chu Renyi only reacted from the shock, excitedly telling Chu Feng about things.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!