In Chapter Eighty-eighth of the Dead, at the time Chu Feng and his colleagues left, a major event occurred in the Chu family. In the mining area that backed from the mountain, rare black iron ore was dug out, and after exploration, the source of the ore was discovered. a lot of.This black iron ore is the best raw material for making weapons. It is even higher than gold mines. It is simply a treasure that can make the Chu family's profit more than a few hundred times more.Therefore, when the mysterious iron ore was discovered, the Chu family began to secretly exploit and enjoyed strict confidentiality measures.However, in the world, there are no walls that are not air-permeable. I do not know who sent the news of the mysterious iron ore. When the news was leaked out, it soon attracted the enthusiasm of the various forces in the town.Under the leadership of Xu’s old rival Xu Jia, Xu Jia’s two families, Ma Jia and Wang Jia, who were the strongest in the region, came together to attack the Chu family and wanted to split the Xuan Iron Mine equally.Chu Ren Yi Ben dealt with the business outside the town, but when he heard of the news, he came back for the first time, but he did not want to be ambushed by Ma. If Chu Feng arrived in time, he would certainly be killed."A good family, he is really tired."After hearing the incident, Chu Feng's teeth were gnashing his teeth and his eyes were killing the plane. Even the horses were not on."Feng Er, do not go, too dangerous." Upon seeing this, Chu Renyi rushed to stop.However, the speed of Nei Chufeng was too fast. He only saw a blast passing by. Chu Feng had disappeared. At this moment, Chu Renyi, who wanted to say something again, had to swallow back words.After a long time, he only eased himself and was very surprised: "Feng Feng's speed, is it his strength, is beyond the Lingwujing?"But when Chu Renyi heard this, those Chu family members who were seriously wounded were all shocked and open their mouths. Such young age forces would go beyond the spiritual environment. What is this concept? It's almost beyond what they can afford.The town of Chushan is the foundation of the Chu family. The order here is maintained by the Chu family. The people here are also protected by the Chu family. It is not an exaggeration to say that the town is a small country.Because of the recent Xuan Iron Mine incident, the Chu family had long been back in the town and had laid out a layer of defense to prevent anyone from being disadvantageous to the Chu family.But at the moment, under the joint leadership of the three kings of Huma, the layers of defense of the town are all broken. The people in the town have almost been slaughtered. Only within the Chu family, they are still doing the last fight.However, in the face of the joint forces of the three parties, even if the Chu family is no longer strong, all the people of the Chu family, in addition to the old, sick and sick, are both dead and injured, the loss is extremely heavy.Right now, there are still battles, only the Chu family leader Chu Yuanba, and the Chu family such as Chu Yuan master, they are guarding the last line of defense of the Chu family, protecting the Chu family's old and sick, protecting the Chu family's Foundation.However, even if Chu Yuanba is more powerful, in the face of the alliance of the three owners of the King Ma, naturally it is also lost, at this moment, his face pale, such as paper, covered with blood, is half a panic on the ground violently coughing."Father." See Chu Yuan Pa is no longer able to fight, Chu Yuan hurriedly came to the side of the Chu Yuan tyrants, the alert eyes swept around, afraid of someone killing his father.After the defeat of Chu Yuan Pa, the forces of the Quartet also stopped fighting. This bloody battle finally ushered in a brief peace.“Emperor Chu Yuan, I see you are a personal thing, give you a personal death method, you self-exhaust it.” One of the body fat-looking, short stature black beard old man, but Xu family.Looking at the three old men in front of him, he glanced around the sad and wounded Chu family back home."I can sue myself in the Chu Yuan tyrant, but please let me pass the Chu family.""I promise that my Chu family will leave this backyard from then on and never return.""Haha, after all, are you an idiot, or do you think of us as fools and let go of your Chu family? Do you want us to let the tiger go back to the hills and leave behind?""Chu Yuan Ba, we must blame you for not knowing what you are doing. If you promised to share the Xuan Iron Mine with my three families, how can we say that today, you will fall to the point where you are today? Harmful.""You won't live away from the Chu family today. You'll all try your best. We will leave you all dead."Xu Jiajia's main voice was cold, extremely unfeeling, and against the Chu family for so many years, he had long been hated by the Chu family, how could it give the Chu family a chance to respite.At this time, suddenly there were screams coming from outside the Chu family, and the voices were linked together, and even several roads were ringing together. It was even terrifying.At this moment, all of the people in Chu’s hospital are face-lifted, especially the Xu family, the Wang family, and the Ma family. It is even more disturbing.Because the people of the Chu family have all been forced into the Chu family. At this moment, the families outside the Chu family can all be their own people.It was only that the cries of misery that only lasted for a moment and soon fell into silence, but this silence was even more disturbing.Suddenly, a master of the Xu family rushed in through the front door of the Chu family, panic-stricken, and ran for help.Can not wait for him to run out of three steps, I saw a cold wind passing behind him, a mysterious iron knife is running away.When the head of the Xu family flew up to the sky under the gaze of countless eyes, it eventually fell to the ground like a watermelon, and his body was still standing there, keeping the running motion. .At this moment, whether the family members of the Xu family or the family members of the king were all surprised, their faces became pale, because the murdered Xu family was an elite player.The Eight Immortals were even more easily killed and it was still in front of the three family owners that one could imagine how powerful the people who shot them were.And just as everyone's nerves were tightly strained, a crisp footstep sounded suddenly outside Chu, breaking the silence at the moment.But the unhurried footsteps sounded at this time, but it was so disturbing and even fearful that almost every landing would cause the heart of the people to twitch once.Finally, under the gaze of the crowd, a figure appeared in the sight of the people. It was a teenager.A boy dressed in a blue robe and holding a banner.The banner is very special. A blue dragon is engraved on the top and three characters are written in the middle. It is the Qinglong Zong sign "Qinglong Banner."However, compared to this arrogant Qinglongqi flag, the boy is obviously more scary. The young face is covered with blood, and his bloody scent and bloody murderousness emanate from his body.Suddenly, the flag in the teenager's hand suddenly fell and fell, only to hear the sound of a bang, and the flag was inserted into the slate, causing a crack in the road."Today I have committed my Chu family and died!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!