Chapter Eighty-ninth It's your turn (Gan 53) "To commemorate my Chu family today, die!"Chu Feng's voice was powerful and powerful. Every word and every sentence was heart-wrenching. Almost all people who heard this sentence could not help but feel a tremble in the body. The back ridge raised a cool breeze. Even the Chu family was no exception.Because the juvenile in front of him is too horrible, the blood covered with that compelling murderousness makes people afraid to treat him as a teenager. He involuntarily treats him as a devil and kills people who do not blink.“Who are you?” said the owner of the Xu family and shouted. And everyone is eager to know this answer.Although from the costumes, it can be seen that Chu Feng is the core disciple of Qinglongzong, although from that Qinglong Banner, it can be seen that Chu Feng is the core disciple of Qinglongzong.However, at the moment, Chu Feng was full of blood, and even his countenance could not be seen. People did not even know who he was, and he just claimed to be the Chu family. Naturally, he was overwhelmed.Because they did not know when the Chu family had such a teenager, when the Chu family had a core disciple, even the Chu family did not know."The Chu family, Chufeng!" Chu Feng's cold back."Is Feng Ye?!!!!"However, Chu Feng’s remarks made it even more of an uproar in the crowd.The name Chu Feng has long since long ago rang out in the hundred miles of the backing. It can be said that no one knows what nobody knows.However, according to people's knowledge, Chu Feng is only 15 years old, and he was only a six-letter spiritual soldier. How could he possibly become a core disciple?Although I couldn't believe it, but after careful examination, the people were surprised to discover that no matter the figure or the outline, it was very similar to Chu Feng.In particular, the most important point is that Chu Feng is indeed a disciple of Qing Longzong, and if there is a core disciple in the Chu family, only Chu Feng has the most hope."Are you a kid, is you interrupting my grandchild's "Xu Tianyi"?" Xu Jiajia’s ruler asked."It is his inferior skill, and it is kindness to interrupt his waist." Chu Feng disapproved.“You!” Xu Jia’s family’s anger was anxious.When he was not waiting for him to be shot, he was stopped by the owner of the Wang family and the owner of the Ma family, and he solemnly told him:"Don't you see what he's holding in his hand? That's Qinglong Banner!!""How can the Qinglong Banner be? My grandchildren who suffer from this disease can't afford to stay in bed and can't get out of bed so far. Maybe we will not be able to repair it again in the future. I must slaughter him today." Xu Jiajia's owner growled in anger."You're crazy? The Qinglong flag is a sign of Qinglongzong. Having a Qinglong flag is equivalent to being protected by Qinglong. You dare to move that Chufeng, and Mo will be yours in the future. Even our two families will have to make a disaster."The two homeowners were really scared. They were not afraid of the Chu family, but they had to be afraid of the Qinglong Emperor. Although the Qinglong Emperor was in Qingzhou, it was only the second-class door, but for them it was a real monster. .Needless to say, the Qinglong Sect sent troops, and as long as they randomly sent several elder elders, they could easily destroy their families. They did not dare to provoke them, let alone dare to offend them."You're crazy. Now are we going to turn back? You don't have to look at it. This Chu family has been made into what we have.""Now we have no retreat. This Chufeng kills us and we also offend Qinglong. We don't kill. Qinglong also does not let us go."“But if we now kill this Chufeng, Qinglongzong won’t receive the news so fast. We can also roll people out. If we don’t kill him, Qinglongzong will soon send troops to kill us. Stay.” Said the master of the Xu family.And when they heard this, the two heads of household also fell into silence because they suddenly felt that the owners of Xujia were quite right. Now that they have pushed the Chu family into this field, with the Qing family, the Chu family backing from the mountains, how did it happen? Will let them off.It is true that they are now on the road to desperation. There is still a glimmer of hope in killing the end. However, if they stop at this time, it is a dead end."Feng Er, run, do not control us." Feeling the situation is not good, Chu Yuan shouted loudly.“Feng Ye quickly walks, only to retain his life, can revenge for my Chu family!” At the same time, the Chu family leader Chu Yuan Ba ​​also shouted.Upon seeing this, the forces of the three forces of Xu Wangma are all ready to prevent themselves from wanting to prevent Chu Feng from fleeing, especially the three heads of household. They are also sending out the atmosphere of Yuan Wujing and are ready to use Chu Feng.At that time, Chu Feng not only did not retreat, but instead took a step forward. On that face full of blood, a confident smile was created and said: "I said, today I have committed my crimes. ,dead.""Yao" voice just fell, a blast set off, Chu Feng has disappeared.Almost at the same time when Chufeng disappeared, a few screams came from the hospital suddenly, setting the sights on the sidelines, and saw that several of the Xu family members were head and shoulders and were killed by Chu Feng.“唰” can be found on the occasion of this situation, Chu Feng has disappeared again, followed by several horses and family members died."Many accounts, shot together and slaughtered him."At this moment, the master of the Xu family snarled and rushed to the front of the Chufeng, followed by the owner of the Wang family and the vest, and followed him up.At this moment, the people of the Chu family such as the Chu Yuan Pa and the Chu Yuan were all nervous. He deeply pinched a cold sweat for Chu Feng, because no one thought that only the Lingwu Qizhong Chufeng was capable of three yuan. Escape in the hands of a martial arts master.Although Lingwu and Yuanwu are only one word apart, the realm between the two can be said to be the separation between heaven and earth. It is simply an insurmountable gap that cannot be compared.However, what is surprising is that although the three homeowners are in full swing, the speed is extremely fast, and their strength is extremely strong. However, they cannot keep up with the speed of Chu Feng. Each time is a slow step.They can only watch their own people, one by one, tragic death in the hands of Chu Feng, but there is no way, because the speed of Chu Feng is too fast, almost beyond common sense, simply can not be captured.In this case, it was just a moment's work. Within the entire yard, besides the Chu family, there were only three left of the Xu family, the Wang family, and the Ma family. That was the three family owners. As for the others, Everyone is dead, and they all die from daggers."I don't want to smash me in pieces." Looking at the corpses of the land, and looking at those relatives, they died like this. The three home owners were extremely angry.“Stepping on” was just then, but Chu Feng suddenly stopped the pace of the walk, stood in front of Chu Yuanba and Chu Yuan, and put the cold eyes on three heads of household. The cold road:This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!