Ninth more I testified for him (Plus 7) "Chu Yue sister, this ...." Chu Feng silent."What is this? This is not what I gave you. It is a family allowance for this year." Chu Yue said, while shedding fairy spirits into the hands of Chu Feng."If this is the case, I can't do it anymore. You forgot that I still owe you two faeries." Chu Feng pushed the Faeries back, and he took out a Fascinate from his arms.“Chu Fengdi, this faerie, you haven’t refined?” Looking at the complete fairy spirit in Chu Feng’s hands, Chu Yue felt that she must have sent Chu Feng’s strain."Well, I've already broken through, so I won't use it for the time being. I'll just return to you.""No, how can I collect your fairy spirits? These are all yours, so you can close up.""Chu Yuejie, I told you that you will return the two strains to Chufeng and you will return your two strains. Didn't you agree when you did it? Now, you're making me very difficult.""But when I sent you the Faerie, you wouldn't use it at all. Instead, give me your own. Isn't it not cheap for me?""Chu Yuejie, your heart I led, in the entire Chu family, in addition to my father and older brother, it is your best for me, this is when your brother cherishes your accomplishment?"Chu Feng is from the bottom of the lungs. When all Chu family members pushed him out, Chu Yuenen could treat him like that. He was really touched.See Chu Feng insisted on this, Chu Yue's face is a shame of color, whispered:"Chu Fengdi, you really make me very embarrassed. Actually, this strain of faerie is not sent to you, but Chu Qingyu told me to give it to you.""My eldest brother?" Chu Feng could not help.Chu Guyu, the biological son of Chu Yuan, is the big brother of Chu Feng.It is now being practiced in Qingyun Zong, the first gate in Qingzhou. It is only sixteen years old and is the first of the young generation of Chu family.Chu Guyu, although Chu Feng was not a native of Chu Yuan, he took Chu Feng as his brother's brother. He is one of Chu Feng’s most dear ones."He feared you had a burden on your heart, so you were jealous of me. He couldn't say that he gave it to you. But now, I must say it honestly." Chu's face was red, and she was really embarrassed."Chu Yuejie, even if it is so, I still want to thank you, no matter if the fairy spirit is not yours, but in the past years, your feelings for me are true, or the phrase, these two fairy spirits, When my brother honors you.""Not to mention, you are about to step into the Wujin Wujin. This fairy spirit grass is more important to you. Don't shirk it." Chu Feng still decided to put the fairy spirit into the hands of Chu Yue."That's how, when I was borrowed by you, I only borrowed one strain because I only had one strain." See Chu Feng insisted on this, Chu Yue bite his teeth, only a fairy The grass has closed.In fact, as Chu Feng said, Chuyue is about to enter the Lingwu Five-Year, and now is a critical period. This Fascinating Grass is indeed very important to her."Cheng." Chu Feng smiled."Yes, Chu Fengdi, Gu Yu Yu has a letter to me for you." Chu Yue took a letter from his waist.After receiving the letter, Chu Feng was touched by heart. He hadn't returned to the Chu family for five years, and he hadn't seen his brother and father for five years because he didn't see them.But in the past five years, his big brother and father will give him a letter almost every month. This shows how much they miss Chu Feng."Well, the letter stayed back and looked again. Come in with me. Today is a good day." Chuyue caught Chu Feng's arm and looked at him and walked toward the mansion.Not yet approaching, Chu Feng's brow wrinkled. He heard a lot of familiar voices in the mansion. Those people he didn't like.Sure enough, at the moment the mansion gate opened, there were thirty-two figures in the main hall. Most of them were familiar faces. Almost all the Chu family members practicing in Qinglong Zong were present.As for those strangers, Chu Feng can also think of their origin and must be a member of the Chu League."We look at everyone, who is coming." Chu Yue happy shouted.However, when all the people took a good look, Chu Feng could feel it, but it was disdainful and disgusted."Oh, who am I to be, this is not the hero of my Chu family?" A teenager walked over to Chu Feng.He called Chu Cheng, who is Chu Zhen's pro-grand brother. He joined Qing Longzong together with Chu Yue and is now also a four-armed soldier."Chu Feng, you meritorious service, and know?" Chu Cheng pointed to Chu Feng, eyes are very poor."Chu Cheng, what did you say? Today is a day of great joy. Don't talk indiscriminately." Chu Yue said quickly.“What happened to Chuyue. Did he let me say good work?” Chu Cheng glared at Chuyue, then looked at Chu Feng: “Chu Feng, did you know how to make a good effort? Your mother has done a great job.”“When you were a disciple of Qinglongzong for five years, you drowned out my face, and now I still have my face to attend the Chu-Cong party. How thick is your skin?”"Chu Cheng, you shut up to me." Chu Yue angry, but still do not wait for her to say anything, Chu Feng was a hold of her.Chu Feng's face never changed, she always smiled and chuckled: "You think more. I have no interest in your party. Today, I came to get my account.""What account? What account?" After hearing this, Chu Cheng suddenly changed his face."It's funny that a person who was adopted by my Chu family actually dared to take accounts with my Chu family. Don't you know who gave them all these years?""That is, it really shameless." At the same time, the Chu family also began to fall in the number of Chu Feng.However, Chu Feng ignored the words of the crowd but said while walking toward the temple:"A few days ago, someone bet with me and bet that Chu Feng could not pass the internal assessment. He also said that if he loses, he will give me this year's family subsidy.""Chu Zhen, you will not forget this matter?" Chu Feng stopped in front of Chu Zhen.Chu really sat in a chair and chewed on the fruit in his mouth, but at the moment his mouth was twitching and his face was ugly.Chu Zhen, of course, did not forget the matter of the day, it is precisely because of the fear of Chu Feng mentioned this matter, he will be honest to stay here, otherwise with his character, had come forward to find Chu Feng trouble."Chu Feng, you need to talk about evidence." At this moment, a young man beside Chu Zhen spoke up.The presence of both men and women, and Chu Feng are all peers, but this person alone is the appearance of youth. He is Chu Wei."Oh, Chu Wei Big Brother is right. Since you told Chu Zhen to bet with you, then you have to show evidence. Otherwise, you are a bloody person." As Chu Zhen's pro-brother, Chu Cheng first shouted."Yes, take the evidence. Otherwise, today, you don't want to stand and walk out of here." After Chu Cheng, almost all the Chu family in the hall shouted.Even the members of the Truman team follow suit. Although they are not Chu family members, they can also see that Chu Feng’s status in the Chu family is so low that even her family members are so despised that Chu Feng is naturally despised."I can testify for Chu Fengdi." But at this moment, the long-lost month of Chu suddenly spoke.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!