The 90th chapter Lingwu Zhan Yuan Wu Chu Feng at the moment, has become a bloody person, covered with blood, but there is no drop of blood is his, then all the blood of the enemy.Bloody Chu Feng stood here, how many seem a little scary, especially the pair of fierce eyes, as if they were also contaminated into a bloody general, really kill red eyes."A mad boy who has not lived and stripped you today. I became the owner of the family."Although Chu Feng at the moment has already demonstrated the power of shocking the world, he has been so angry that he has lost so much to the owners of the Xu family.The air around him has long been distorted, and the layers of force have constantly overflowed from the body. That powerful coercion turns into an invisible hurricane and sweeps around everything. If Chu Feng is resisting, I am afraid that everyone in the Chu family will be threatened. Heavy hit.As for the owners of the Wang Family and the Ma Family, the same is true. They watched their loved ones and died one by one in the hands of Chu Feng. They fell in front of themselves one by one. Their inner sufferings were extremely painful.In particular, their family members were all killed and their heads were killed. It was impossible for them to bear any one of them."Chu Feng, you gave me life!"The owner of the Wang family took the lead, and his big hand grabbed at the vanity. Yuan Li rushed out and turned it into a two-meter-high transparent giant, caught in front of Chu Feng.This palm is a trivial matter, although it is only three sections of martial arts, but by the master of this Yuan Wujing display, reconstructed by Yuan Li, and that power has literally turned more than a dozen times.However, even such a terrible attack, Chu Feng is looking at not change without fear, running Xuan Gong raises an imaginary palm, actually the king of the master of the martial arts crushed.However, Chu Feng still underestimated Yuan Wujing master, although he blocked the king of the master of martial arts, but that tyrannical element of force, or will take a few steps back."Boy, see if you can take it down. I'm stone punching."See Chu Feng back, the three owners are overjoyed, the horse owners hurriedly shot, a few boxing out, round the road Yuanli condensed into fists, like a gigantic boulders in general, overwhelmingly emerged.And the direction that he attacked was not only Chu Feng but also the family members behind Chu Feng. He wanted to kill him.Chu Feng was silent, his legs were slightly removed, and his body's robe began to have no wind automatically, and two Raymonds suddenly appeared in his eyes.Innumerable roads and thunderous lightnings are like the galloping thunderbirds. They emerge from Chufeng, interlace and fly between the gallops. They form an impenetrable thunder wall and block all the fists that have condensed into the force. Down.After the attack was blocked, Chu Feng yelped again, and the thunder snake abandoned it as an attack. Like a furious thunderbolt dragon, with a piercing roar and a dazzling thunder, they respectively rushed to the three homeowners."This kind of prestige, this form, is Wu Duan Wu Ji, that boy actually will be Wu Duan Wu Ji."The three homeowners looked very different, because they could not think of anyway. Chu Feng had already mastered five sections of martial arts. If the four sections of martial arts can only aspire to them, then five sections of martial arts can only be expected.After all, the four segments of Wuji require core disciples to practice, while the five segments of Wuji can be cultivated, but they must have absolute insight to develop.Even if they are now Yuanwujing, if they are given a five-piece Wujin cultivation, they may not be able to master this skill so much so that they have no chance to practice Wudang.So at this moment, when they saw the thunder three styles that Chu Feng had displayed, they were shocked and angry. When Jing Chu was so old, he could master Wu Duan Wu Ji. Qi was a jealousy.They lived half a lifetime, but even the four sections of Wuji had no opportunity to practice. However, Chu Feng was so old that he had practiced five sections of martial arts. This made them feel very unfair.But in the world, what is the fairness of the world? This is the world where the fittest survives, and when people eat humans.Surprisingly, the three heads of household were not scornful. They each exhibited their own martial arts skills to counter the Chufeng attack. Despite the martial arts, they were far less than Chu Feng’s five-piece martial arts, but their background was theirs. Yuan Li, but made up for it all.The roaring sounds of blasting and blaring, set off a round of energy, and there was lightning in the Yuanli. It swept through this courtyard. The stone dust on the ground swirled around and the buildings around it shattered. Even the family members who had withdrawn from the Chu family were hit again and again. Backwards.“What awesome, Feng Ye actually could take the seven-fold repair of Lingwu as the sole master of the three-dimensional master.”At this moment, Chu Yuanba seems to have forgotten his own injuries and stared intently at the battle between Chu Feng and the three family leaders. Because this difference is a realm, it can be an invincible battle. He did not smell what he had not seen.Apart from Chu Yuan’s tyrants, the other Chu family also looked at it all, only looking at the shocking scene, the devastating attack. They had a complex emotion in addition to being shocked.Because in the Chu family as a whole, including Chu Yuanba and Chu Yuan, no one ever thought that when the Chu family was in danger, it would be the boy who stood in front of them.This young man was looked down on by them, he was abused by them since he was young, he was oppressed by them from childhood, and he was discriminated against by young children.But even though it was hard to imagine, the young man who stood in front of them was the boy. He left people's prejudice against him and left behind his humiliation. At this moment, he is protecting his entire family with his own life.When a family survives and hands over to one person's hands, this is nothing, because there is always one person in each family and it is the backbone of all people.But when the survival of a family is handed to a teenager who has been cast aside by countless people, this is a truly shocking scene that can shock people deeply.Whether people like it or not, they are not willing to mention it. But this time this sentence is the cry of every Chu family member. For now, the survival of their Chu family is indeed in the hands of Chu Feng.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!