The 91st chapter of the unified fighting is still continuing. Chufeng's strong three-dimensional battlefield, although not occupying the upper hand, is still invincible.This unheard-of miracle was actually staged before everyone. Chu family members are eager to win Chu Feng because it not only means that they can survive, but also that the Chu family may take a new peak. .There is a young man who can make a miracle. They know that the Chu family will no longer be ordinary, and at least it will not be huddled in this small town.Suddenly, a few snakes snaked together and swept past them, like a thunderbolt, slamming the three martial artists off and knocking their three sensation back."Boy, he must be mad." A move to eat crickets, the three owners at the same time counterattack, condense a stronger force, to display a stronger martial arts, launched an impact on Chu Feng.However, even if the attack of the three heads of household is stronger, but before the thunder of Chufeng, it is also an uproar. It can't hurt Chu Feng at all."Isn't this kid still human? Is there a limitless spirit in his body?""Don't worry. Since this boy has mastered five sections of martial arts, he must have cultivated Xuan Gong. His aura is very normal in his body. However, Wu Duan Wuji is very consuming of Aura. With his cultivation, he will not be able to support him for long.""Yes, even if his aura is strong enough, there will always be exhaustion. He can't consume us. If he does so, he will lose no doubt." The three heads of household communicated in a low voice.Because the quality of Yuanli and Aura is very different, so even though Chufeng can contend with them by virtue of the five sections of Wuji, they feel that Chu Feng's aura will sooner or later be depleted. At that time, they naturally can. Defeated Chu Feng.At this time, Chu Feng’s foot rises under the foot and suddenly disappears. However, when Chu Feng appears here, it is behind the owner of the horse, and the palm of his knife is already on it. The neck slashed away.Everything came too fast and too suddenly. I saw Chu Feng's palms covered in thunder and lightning, like a sickle-like slash, and a burst of blood sprayed out. The owner of the horse had not yet responded. The head fell to the ground, and a proud smile hung on his face."Old guys, play against me, but don't care."A blow hit the Ma family, and Chu Feng's mouth lifted a ridiculous smile. Then he stepped forward one step and turned it into a blast again, disappearing."This kid is too fast. Be careful."Upon seeing this, the remaining two home owners, brows in Jinzhou, dared not have a second thought. The two backed their backs and began to guard against sticking.At this moment, Chu Feng suddenly appeared and his arm slightly wobbled. The thunder and lightning that had been absorbed in his hand suddenly spilled over and turned it into a thunderous sword, slashing away from the back of the two men."Boy, don't underestimate me." The two owners also exerted tyrannical measures to resist the blow of Chu Feng.“唰” can only see Chu Feng smiled a bit, that Thunder sword has not yet fallen, so stature turned once again disappeared, swept behind the main family behind the Wang family."Be careful!" Xu Jiajia first responded and yelled loudly.However, it was too late. Chu Feng had already shot, and the Thunder swept past. He only heard a bang, and the head of the Wang family was also flying from the head and died.Looking at the two people who were killed by Chu Feng in the blink of an eye, the wrath of the family's face was no longer there. Instead, it was fear. In the face of the threat of death, he finally felt the fear.At this moment, he had an idea that they had battled with Chu Feng. There had never been a hope of winning because the young boy did not seem to play hard against them from the very beginning. It was more like playing with them."You, you, I fight with you!"Knowing that his life would rest, the owner of the Xu family had to give it a go and make every effort to launch the most violent attack on Chu Feng.However, in Chu Feng’s view, even a strong attack would be useless to him, because in front of him, in front of the absolute speed, only Yuan Wu’s strength is really not enough to see.“唰 楚” Chu Feng stature a vertical, like a ghost-like came behind him, waved his hand, it will easily kill the owner of the Xu family.Since then, the masters of the three yuan dynasty have all died in the hands of Chu Feng and are no different from their men and their families.At this moment, everyone in the Chu family couldn't help sucking a cold air, because Chu Feng's performance was too unexpected and it was simply too indescribable.At this moment, there was no cheering and cheering, and there was only silence. In addition to breathing, we could only hear the heartbeat and people's excited heartbeat.There is only one person who has seven magnates, but he can kill three young people.One is only fifteen years old but has become the core disciple of Qinglong Sect and has mastered five sections of martial arts.Such young people will be called genius wherever they are, and such geniuses belong to the Chu family. All Chu family members know that their Chu family is not only saved, but also destined to rise, as long as the juvenile is willing to.As the war ended, the Chu family began to clean up the corpses all over the town. Both the Chu family and the townspeople had been given a decent burial.However, the heads of the Wang family, the Xu family, and the Ma family were all hung on the walls of the town of Kaoshan. This can be said to be killing chickens and monkeys, but it is actually a display of force.The Chu family's conference hall, the place where Chu Feng was not qualified to enter, was the backbone of all the Chu family, and Chu Feng sat in the first place."Feng Er, according to what you said, has sent an invitation letter to all the forces in the territory."The injury of Chu Yuanba has already been dealt with, but now the backbone of the Chu family is reporting something to Chu Feng and his attitude is very humble."En." Chu Feng nodded, and did not say anything, did not even look at Chu Yuanyuan, but continued to look at the books in his hands.For this attitude of Chu Feng, the Chu Yuan tyrants can only laugh dryly. As for the other backbone members of the Chu family, they dare not say anything more, because now in this Chu family, it is not Chu Yuan, or Chu Chu. Yuan Ba, but Chu Feng.This has nothing to do with qualifications. This has nothing to do with seniority because Chu Feng has this strength. After all, without him, all of them are dead.“Feng Er, I do not know you sent an invitation to these forces, why is it?” Finally, Chu Yuan opened up, because now dare to speak to Chu Feng, and only he is the righteous father.After hearing Chu Yuan's opening, Chu Feng merged his books and raised his head to smile:"I just think it's time to unify the many forces in this area."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!