Chapter 92 Chu Feng's life experience Chu family meeting ended, Chu Feng and Chu Yuan returned to where they lived in the past."Father, I have one thing I want to ask you." Father and son were alone in a room, Chu Feng asked."Feng Er, what's the matter, but said no harm." Chu Yuan looked at Chu Feng, his eyes full of love and pride.The performance of Chu Feng shocked him once and for all. Today, he has saved the Chu family and has already become the greatest pride in his heart.Upon seeing this, Chu Feng also did not procrastinate. Instead, he smiled and said what he had always wanted to ask: "Father, who are my natural parents, why did they abandon me?""This ...." Chu Feng's words came out. Chu Yuan, whose face was still full of joy, suddenly faced a stalemate and a noticeable change had emerged."Father, is there anything difficult to hide?" Chu Feng saw the wrong thing."No, nothing is hard to say. It's just Maple. I don't know anything about your parents," Chu Yuan explained with a smile."You don't understand? Can you say that I was not able to come back?" Chu Feng was a little panicked.Ever since he encountered a strong, unfathomable, yet insanely named Hanako in the wilderness town, Chu Feng felt that his life experience was not simple, so he could not wait to ask Chu Yuan.However, if Chu Yuan is really the one he has picked up, then it means that all clues are broken. He cannot obtain any information about his parents from Chu Yuan."No, it's not like this. In fact, I take care of Fenger, but it's a trust." Chu Yuan explained, but from his look, it seems that things are not that simple."Who is entrusted by the people? Who is entrusted with it? Why did the father know that the man is certainly not my parents?" Chu Feng eagerly asked.Looking at the eager appearance of Chu Feng, Chu Yuan’s face is constantly changing, as if doing some sort of psychological struggle, eventually sighed:"Oh, since you want to know this, I'll tell you."“This matter is to be said about fifteen years ago. That year I took the folks at the Chu family and made a trip to the remote gate. I passed a mountain forest on my way.”"In the forest, I met a man who held a child and asked me, but surnamed Chu.""Because at the time the goods were in custody, it was a bit suspicious to add that man's dress, so I did not answer his question positively.""But who ever thought that the man didn't even move, my two men died and became bloody.""At that time, we were terrified. We wanted to turn around and run away. However, it was an invisible atmosphere that confined us all and could not move at all.""Can you name Chu? The man opened his mouth and asked me again. At that moment, I realized that it was very likely that the man who killed me and dangled me was the man.""But for the first time I met these strong men, I was already full of fear and I could still notice his words. I just stared blankly at him."“And at this moment, I was shocked to find that two flames suddenly appeared in his eyes. At the same time, all the cargo I carried was actually burned by a flame, and the car was accompanied by a horse. It was only an instant. Into ashes.""At this time, he has already shown impatientness. I can clearly feel the murderousness he has sent out. It is the most horrible killing I have ever felt, as if he were from hell.""At that time, I felt that I must have died. However, he did not deal with me. Instead, he once again said, "I will ask you the last time. Can you name Chu?""This time, I did not dare to hesitate any more, quickly answered his questions, and said his family and Chu family."Speaking of this, Chu Yuan’s face was full of guilt. Chu Feng was able to guess why he was jealous, naturally because he was afraid of death at the time of his greed, and he confessed that everything at the Chu family was embarrassing.After all, if the person had an enmity with the Chu family, Chu Yuan’s remarks completely sold the Chu family. Everyone in the Chu family couldn’t escape death. However, the Chu family is still alive. It means that the man should There is another purpose."Father, then?" Chu Feng urgently wanted to know the result."Later, he killed all the accompanying guys, leaving me alone and trusting the child with me, and that child is you.""When I took you, the man told me that you must raise yourself up as if you were your own, but your name cannot be determined by me. It must be called Chu Feng."At this moment, Chu Feng was shocked. Although he had guessed from the beginning that the child might be him, his inner heart was still surprised because he could not even think of it. His name did not even come from Chu Yuan. It is good to get up early.In particular, when thinking of the man again, he again and again asked the question of Chu Yuan. Chu Feng could easily think that his father might be surnamed Chu, but he entrusted him to Chu Yuan. He probably did not want Chu Feng. Change your surname."At that time, I dared to refuse where I naturally promised.""Only he made several requests, that is, he must not tell you where you came from, nor can you say that you are my own child and must tell you from the very beginning that you are my righteous person. Yes, you can't do anything that hurts you. It's important that you grow up healthy.""And regardless of which requirements are violated, the result is one, that is, he will destroy the entire Chu family without leaving any trace."Chu Yuan told the truth and Chu Feng finally knew why he never asked Chu Yuan to talk about Chu Feng’s life experience. When Chu Feng asked about his own life experience, Chu Yuan would be so uneasy and even afraid. There was always someone threatening him."Father, you know what the man is called, but on his body, can there be any special sign?" Chu Feng solemnly asked, because he vaguely, the heart already has the answer."He didn't say what his name was, but there was indeed a strange birthmark on his forehead, like a flame. It was very strange." Chu Yuan replied.At this moment, Chu Feng seemed quite calm, because this is similar to the answer he conjectured, and his life experience is indeed related to that day named Hua Zi."Father, what did he say afterwards? Can you mention my parents?""No, he didn't mention your parents to me.""Then why did you say again that he cannot be my father?"After hearing this, Chu Yuan closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Then he slowly said, "Because when he handed you over to me, he was relieved, and it seemed like he had got rid of a heavy burden, and It quickly became a person and shouted like a madman.""I still remember the crazy words that he said at the time.""What did he say?" Chu Feng was impatient."He shouted to the sky: You see it. I have done what you said. Can you spare me? I ask you to let me go!"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!