Chapter 93 The gift of Chu Yuan, a vivid depiction of the scene that year, still has a shocking look on his face, as if the screen of the year, once again emerged in front of his eyes.Chu Feng can also see that the events of the day did have a great influence on Chu Yuan. At least in his heart, he left an indelible shadow.Looking at Chu Yuan like this, Chu Feng was also immersed in meditation. He knew that Chu Yuan was right. The mad man should not be his father, or he could not speak strange crazy words.But anyone who is a bit wise can hear from it. The mad man, who gave Chu Feng to Chu Yuan, should also be trusted by others, or even be forced by others, and he is afraid of the coercion of him. People, and that person, is probably the family of Chu Feng.However, the man is already struggling to the point where he is astonished. What might be the strongest person who can coerce him and make him so fearful?“Where did I come from? Who are my parents? Why do they want to entrust me to others?” This is the biggest question in Chu Feng’s mind at the moment, because the more he understands, the more he discovers that his life experience is so special. And behind that, there must be something hidden."Father, later? Does that person still say anything to you?" asked Chu Feng urgently."I didn't see him later. I didn't see how he left. If it wasn't you still in my arms, I would really doubt he had ever appeared. But the facts tell me that everything is true. ”“And I brought you back to the Chu family. Because the goods were burned and my hands were dead, I couldn’t tell the truth, so I could only lie and say that you were on the road.”"But after learning of the incident, the family did not agree with me adopting you. I think you are very unlucky."“But nowadays, I believe that all people will not feel that you are unlucky because you have saved the whole Chu family. I just told you the truth now. I don’t know if that person will...” Here, the color of worry on Chu Yuan’s face is more intense.After all, the strength was too terrible. Chu Yuan did not even know. When he said that, whether or not he could hear it, he always felt that he was in danger, and that person might appear at any time, but in the face of questions from Chu Feng, he nevertheless Can not bear to tell the truth, could not bear to look Chu Feng.Because of the fact that he is aware of the truth nowadays, Chu Feng’s terrible talent is absolutely natural. After all, his life experience is full of legends."Father, don't worry, I think most of you are already ambiguous. I'm afraid he has forgotten what was entrusted to you and won't come back to you.""What's more, even if he comes back, there is me. Since he has entrusted me to you, he will not be detrimental to me."Chu Feng could not help but remember the scene in the wilderness town that day. He really felt that he was crazy. Because of this, Chu Feng became more curious. What he had experienced, who drove him crazy, was his own parents?In short, at this moment various questions lingered in Chufeng, leaving him with some confusion, and these questions prompted Chu Feng, more and more want to know the truth of the matter.Where do you come from? Who is the parent? The main thing is, why do parents trust him? What happened in the year? This is the answer that Chu Feng most wants to know."Oh, I hope so, but Feng Ye, whatever happens in the future, you are my pride.""Although I know that you are so good and have no relationship with me, your excellence is entirely inherited from your parents, but in my mind, you are my son."Suddenly, Chu Yuan’s relief seemed to have underestimated life and death. For him, this son of Chu Feng can be enough."Father, don't say this. If you weren't there, I might have starved to death. How could there be today, no matter what others think, but in my Chu Feng heart, you are my father, a qualified father."Chu Feng said the truth. If Chu Yuan adopted him later, he might not do so much for other people. Even if he followed the mad man, he might be impulsive and alive.Therefore, Chu Feng was very grateful to Chu Yuan and also had true feelings. Although he now has a yearning for his own biological parents.However, the more than ten years of feelings made Chu Feng feel that Chu Yuan is his biological father, because so far, let him experience the affection, let him feel the father's love is Chu Yuan.However, Chu Feng no longer blames his own biological parents because he feels that most of them are unspeakable or they will not take care of themselves or even threaten.At this moment, Chu Yuan, already excited and unable to speak, came out with little tears in his eyes. He was indeed touched by Chu Feng’s words.Because he felt that he had not done his job as a father these years. He did make Chu Feng suffer a lot of wrongs, and if he wasn't threatened by the crazy man, he might not raise Chu Feng.“Father, I have a gift for you.” Chu Feng took a ball from Qiankun bag and handed it to Chu Yuan. It looked like there were nearly a hundred."Feng Er, this is too precious. I can't ask."Looking at the glittering Lingzhu, Chu Yuan was shocked and shocked. Although he had already discovered Chu Feng’s Qian Kun bag, he couldn’t imagine that Chu Feng’s Qian Kun bag contained so many spirit beads.To know that so many Lingzhu, for the entire Chu family, is considered a great asset, and Chu Feng actually should be all sent to him, naturally let him unacceptable."Feng Er, you are now the critical period of repairing Wu. With your talent, these spirit beads can completely help you break through to the territory of Yuan Wu. You still keep it for yourself." Chu Yuan began to push hard.However, Chu Feng smiled slightly: “My father, Ling Zhu, I still have, and you will accept it. After two days, all the forces in the mountains will be invited. At that time, there must be a storm.”"Now that Grandpa is seriously wounded, all the burdens must be placed on your head, so you must break into the territory of Yuanwu within two days. Otherwise it will be difficult for those forces to surrender."“In two days, breaking through to Yuan Wu?” Chu Yuan’s heart was tight. Although he shirked his mouth, but his heart was still eager to step into Yuan’s territory, and took a look at so many spirits in Chu Feng’s hands. Perhaps It really makes him successful.However, under the repeated demands of Chufeng, Chu Yuan had to accept it, and began to refine these spirit beads with the help of Chu Feng. He wanted to rely on this huge aura to break through the dream of Yuan Wujing in one fell swoop.At the same time, another scene is taking place in the heart of Qinglongzong.Cold and innocent, standing in a dark underground palace, his face is very ugly, and in front of him, Liu Bing is standing there, his face covered with panic colors.Looking at this kind of Liu Bing, cold and innocent brows, dignified, asked: "You mean, some people secretly protected Chu Feng, and at least a master Xuanwujing?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!