The 94th chapter of He Deheeng was absolutely a basaltic situation. Otherwise, with Gao Le's cultivation as an impossibility, he could not be killed instantaneously, and he was still only using the pressure." Liu Bing said with great trepidation. The face is full of panic colors.On that day, after she and Gaole found it wrong, in order to avoid cold and innocent punishment, they chose to continue to kill Chu Feng. When the two were resting on the way, Gao Le took a break and could just leave soon. Liu Bing felt very strong. The energy fluctuates, and that direction is the orientation of Gao Le's solution.Liu Wenwen scouted, but found that Gao Le was already dead, and like the Zhao brothers, there was no scar on the surface, but the internal organs had already been crushed. It was apparent that they had been forced to alive.Therefore, Liu Bing did not dare to continue to chase. Instead, he fled back for the first time and explained everything to the cold, because today's opponent is not what she can deal with."It seems that I underestimated that Chu Feng."The cold and innocent was immersed in contemplation, and Liu Bing was standing in the same place. He looked at the cold and innocent with that fearful look, and dared not speak more than half a sentence. This shows that she was really cold and innocent and really scared."Sister Liu Bing, I will personally deal with this matter, you have a good rest." Suddenly, cold and innocent from the Qian Kun bag, took out a white jade bottle, handed it to Liu Bing."I would like to thank the cold brother." And seeing this white jade bottle, Liu Bing was overjoyed. He quickly took it over. He didn't want to open the bottle cap and drunk the bottle of liquid."Sister Liu Bing, the taste of this antidote, can be any different?" Cold guilty and hand standing, with that weird eyes staring at Liu Bing, his mouth is still hung with a touch of cold smile."This time, it seems a bit sweet." Liu Bing wiped his mouth and suddenly changed his face and shouted, "You, you, you..."Soon, Liu Bing couldn’t speak, and his face changed from white to blue, from green to purple, and the body began to emit a white heat. He put his hand into his throat, as if he wanted a liquid that had just come out. However, it is totally futile.“I’m not good at doing anything. Let's use it.” Looking at Liu Bing, who suffered the pain, there was not a trace of sympathy on the cold and innocent face until Liu Bing fell to the ground and did not breathe. Then he sneaked a sneer at the corner of his mouth."Is she deliberately letting her come back and giving me a good report, so that I may be able to retreat? It's interesting. I would like to see what kind of person is playing this method with me. Can you really hold on to that Chu Feng?"Thought of this, the cold guilty went to the table, took out the rice paper and began to draw and write. In the letter, the beginning read: "My father, I have trouble in Qinglong. Can you ask me to help the cold family ancestors make a clearance. ”As time passed, two days passed before the eyes of the Chu family were invited to the territory and many forces were there.Outside the town, the heads of the family of Xu, Ma, and Wang are still hung. At first glance, it is horrible.In the town of Kaoru, the Yanwu Stadium is filled with banquets to welcome guests from all walks of life.Although we all laughed at each other, everyone talked to each other, but the atmosphere was vaguely wrong.After all, the excavation of the Xuan Iron Mine in the Chu home has caused a sensation in the entire territory. The battle between the Chu family and the Majia family of the Xu family has also been buzzing.The Chu family was able to stand alone in three undefeated battles and smashed the heads of the three Yuan Warriors. It was clear that the strength of the Chu family was the first in the entire territory.At this time, the Chu family feasted on the influence of all parties. Any person with a discerning eye can come up with what the Chu family's intentions are, so say that these people are smiling faces, but in fact they are not reluctant. Will come because of fear of the Chu family."Why didn't you see the Chu Yuan Pa tyrant, is it not such an important day that you should not be presided over by Chu Yuan Pa?""Chu Yuanba is indeed very powerful. He can actually win the three with an enemy. However, since he hasn't appeared since then, I think he is also seriously injured. Therefore, it is not good to show his face.""You're quite right. I guess most of this is the case. But just Chu Yuan's words. Can he shake off the field? After all, is there anybody in the scene who is present?""I believe that when necessary, the Chu Yuan Pa will come forward. Without a certain degree of certainty, the Chu family will not invite all of them here. It is only the teenager who is actually able to sit in such an important position."On the occasion, there were people who pointed their fingers at Chu Yuan beside Chu Feng. Although Chu Feng’s name was already well-known, there were indeed people who had not seen Chu Feng."That is Chu's genius. Chu Feng. It must have become a core disciple. It's awesome."“So, is the Qinglong flag true? No wonder that there is such a big move in the Chu family. There is Qinglongzong shelter. Now that this is in the mountains, nobody really dares to move him.”“That may not be true, although Wang Jia’s family has already suffered severe injuries, but there are Lijia and Zhao families in the mountains. Their strength is not much weaker than the original Xu family. Now they are the homeowners of the two Yuanwujing. Have arrived.""If the Chu family is just a simple Liwei, let me wait for you to fight the idea of ​​the Xuan Iron Mine. It would be all right. However, if he thinks that the family is the only tyrant in the Chu family, it will unify this territory from the mainland. I am afraid that many forces will not agree. If I join hands together, I believe the Chu family will also suffer from headaches."People are speculating on the purpose of the banquet at the Chu family, and many forces have already passed the wind in secret. If the Chu family really wants to unite this territory, then they will join forces to fight against it."Father, it's almost time to start." Chu Feng made a fuss over Chu Yuan.“Yuan.” Chu Yuan, on the other hand, stood up and spoke with Hong Liang’s voice: “First of all, thank you for being able to hold my Chu’s field and attend this banquet.”"Surely everyone also knows that in the first two days my Chu family was robbed. Three families ambushed me at the Chu family and wanted to snatch me the assets of the Chu family. Unfortunately, they paid the price for their own malice.""In this war, although I won the Chu family, many citizens were killed. Many of my family suffered misfortunes. This led me to reflect on the fact that I rely on many forces in the mountains to enjoy the resources of relying on the mountains. I should have been like a family. How can it be? Can you kill each other?""In the end, I thought of a solution. The so-called "no rules" are not a good idea. I think that in my backing, we should also set some rules. This rule is to be maintained by everyone."After this, Chu Yuan spoke out some so-called rules, but in fact it was to constrain the development of all forces and provide the greatest benefit to the Chu family.Suddenly, a wine table was smashed. A tall, nine-foot-tall, dark-skinned man with a full-faced han, stood up and pointed to Chu Yuan:"Chu Yuan, depending on what you want to command me, how can you?"This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!