The Ninety-fifth Han Dynasty, who was the one to whom I was accustomed, was the owner of a family. He was similar to Chu Yuan in his age, and he had the strength of being reliant on the spirit. Therefore, he was naturally dissatisfied with Chu Yuan.For the Han's actions, Chu Yuan is to look at the same, but slowly walk to the Dahan, at the same time Chu Feng and others Chu family, followed closely up.It must be said that this move of the Chu family has indeed brought a strong momentum. They have passed all the way, and many people around them have been stunned. Because many of the heads hanging outside the town have proved that the Chu family is very hot. .However, compared to others, the Dahan who is a roaring Hu is awkward but stares at Chu Yuan who comes to him and cries:"Chu Yuan, you Chu family want to unite against the mountain, but also to find a decent figure to speak, you let Chu Yuanba come out, otherwise you just want to command us, really unworthy.""Bang" can be heard in Dahan, but Chu Yuan suddenly shot, a loud slap in the face, it is already in the face of the Dahan.“砰” is a powerful impulse, and the Dahan has scored tens of meters far and wide, flew all the way through, tables and chairs are broken, and many people who watched him were seriously injured by him.However, this is the result of Chu Yuan’s hand-holding. If not, this slap by Chu Yuan can completely smash his head.The brave man rushed over and his face was full of surprise colors. While sulking his face, he panicked and shouted:"You, you, have you entered the Yuanwu environment?""Yuanwujing, can we say that Chu Yuan has entered Yuanwujing?"When Dahan said this, people onlookers were equally shocked. This reminded him of the atmosphere that Chu Yuan had just distributed. It was indeed wrong. It was not aura, but Yuan Li. Chu Yuan really stepped into Yuan Wujing.However, Chu Yuan did not answer Dahan's question. Instead, he walked to his front again. His leg was lifted. He only heard a click and he broke his left leg."Ah ~ ~ ~ ~ ~" Han Han screams, they began to hold their legs and mourn up.Looking at the painful Han, Chu Yuan's face did not have a trace of sympathy, but sneered: "This time, I still do not deserve?"Looking at this scene, people can't help sucking a cold air, because this time, Chu Yuan has unveiled his own breath, Yuan Wujing has no doubt."Chu Yuan really stepped into Yuan Wu territory. The original Chu family had two masters of Yuan Wujing."“No wonder, even the Xujia Wangjia Majia and the three are teamed up, and they are not opponents of the Chu family. The strength of the Chu family is too strong.”At this moment, many people who wanted to rebel against the Chu family dismissed this idea because they suddenly realized that they had underestimated the Chu family. The strength that the Chu family now has is not something that they can counter."Not to look down on you, just Yuan Wuyi's words, you really do not deserve."At this time, an old voice suddenly sounded somewhere, and he looked to see only a skinny, but old man standing close to his feet.The old man was too thin and too tall. He stood there as if it were a dry tree, giving people a sense of shakyness, but the eyes were so bright that they did not dare to glimpse."It was the owner of Lijia who really came." Many people are exclaimed when they see this old man, because this is a character who is as loud as Chu Yuanba, and is also a Yuan Wu. A strong man."Lao Li, don't talk so directly. How do you say it? Give your juniors a face."At this time, another old man stood up. The old man was also very thin, but it was short and looked like a monkey.But do not look at this old man is ugly, but the atmosphere is extraordinary, also has a weight of cultivation of Yuan Wu."Sure enough, they are prepared." Chu Yuan frowned slightly, because the old man like a monkey, but the head of the Zhao family, these two can be said to be within the territory of the mountains, in addition to the Chu Yuan Ba, the old one The strongest two in the generation.The strength of Zhao and Li’s family is not lost on the Xu family, but it is always low-key and it belongs to the kind of muffled master. The most important thing is that the two of them have always had close contacts and the relationship is excellent. It is obvious that we must fight against the Chu family together."Chu Yuan, ah, go call your elder brother. You and our elder brother are not equal." The owner of the Zhao family waved Chu Yuan, but he had not seen the Chu Yuan directly. It was obviously not. Chu Yuan in the eyes."Oh, right, not right, but also strength."Chu Yuan Lengheng soon as he actually rushed to the two of the past, and now is a heavy weight of him, the confidence multiplied, coupled with young and strong, he did not put these two antiques in the eyes."Oh, it's a pity that we finally step into Yuanfang." Then the owner of the Zhao family sighed and then stepped forward and took a sweptback from Chu Yuan. Soon the two would fight together.The two men will use Yuanli to show their strength. Then the mighty powers are no exception. Many people are shocked by their hardships, and the tables around them are shattered and shuffled.However, after some tricks, it quickly confirmed a truth that Jiang is still old and spicy. Although Chu Yuan is also a heavyweight of Yuanwu, the control of Yuanli is obviously inferior to that of the Zhao family and quickly falls into the category. Got off the hook.“The Chu family was undaunted and actually wanted to unify me and waited. The Chu family obviously did not put us in the eyes. Today, I waited for him to see the Chu family. We were not so bullied. Everyone joined hands to give this Chu family. End."Suddenly, there were many places in Yanwuchang that broke the pot. They were the people of Zhaojia and Lijia. They had no hands on the Chu family."Yes, we want to be our boss, but also whether he has this strength or not. Together, they have destroyed him."After seeing the Chu family's imposing manner, it was suppressed and many forces felt that this was a good opportunity. They all chose to join the battle circle and began to attack the Chu family.At this moment, the entire Yanwu field is in chaos, but the most eye-catching one is the battle circle between Chu Yuan and the Zhao family. However, at the moment, Chu Yuan, under the fierce offensive of the Zhao family, is obviously not supported. There will be defeat."Chu Yuan, today you have a rest." Suddenly, another figure joined the battle circle, actually the owner of the Li family.Li Jiajia, the master of the shot, is a palm. Taking the green light and emitting a strange gas, it is a very dark martial arts and five poisonous hands.At this moment, everyone in the Chu family is badly screaming. They have already fallen into the lower reaches of the Chuyuan and it is difficult to deal with the owners of the Zhao family. This time, the Li family's owners shot, and he simply could not dodge. If you are hit, you can't even die.Just as Li's parents were about to succeed, a figure appeared like a ghost after the owner of Li, and the hand cloth was lightning, like a sharp blade, and it actually pierced the neck of the Li family.Then the big hand waved and saw a splash of blood. The owner of Li’s family was flying from the head and the body fell to death.However, this was not finished yet. The figure was stature and turned once again. It went straight to the owner of the Zhao family, and by the same method, after breaking the head of the Zhao family’s owner, it fell steadily. On the ground.Everything happened too quickly. People basically did not see who was the one who shot it. The two heads of households who had taken advantage of the situation had already taken the first place. The dead one was simply called.When everything was over and people looked at the person who shot it, they were all shocked because they found out in horror that the man who shot it turned out to be a teenager, Chu Feng’s genius, Chu Feng.For all the frightened expressions of the crowd, Chu Feng ignored it. Instead, he swept his gaze to the crowds around him and used the icy way:"Today, my Chu family must unite this mountain environment. Those who dare to oppose, no matter who they are, I am blind."This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!