Chapter 96 Zijin Token (Jiagen 54) When Chu Feng was saying this, the crowd was exclaimed. The chaotic wushu Yanwu field was actually quiet because of Chu Feng’s words. They stopped fighting but stared at Chu Feng.At this moment, people learned the most shocking truth. The original Chu family was able to defeat the three great families. It was not the Chu Yuan tyrant nor the Chu Yuan but the young man who was only fifteen years old.After all, the strength of Chu Yuanba is even stronger. However, according to people's understanding, he is only similar to the family of several major families. As for Chu Yuan, they have already seen the strength just now, and they are not as good as Chu Yuanba.However, the strength of Chu Feng, they even saw it with their own eyes. It was simply too strong for them to accept.At this moment, most people are stunned and feel overwhelmed because they cannot accept and cannot accept that Chu Feng has such terrible strength.A teenager who is only fifteen is able to easily kill the strong ones of Yuan Wu. This kind of thing is like a fantasy, but when everything happens like this, people have to accept this fact. They It's not shocking to be doing it right now, but it is necessary to make a choice.“My family agrees with Chu’s view that from now on, they are willing to abide by the rules laid down by the Chu family and listen to the orders of the Chu family.” Someone took the lead to express their opinions. This is a good force that had previously made contact with the Chu family."I'm also willing to return home to the Chu family." After that, all the forces that maintain neutrality began to surrender to the Chu family.At the end of the day, even the forces that opposed the Chu family and those who ran against the Chu family had chosen to look for the Chu family. Not that they were willing, but they had to do so in the face of Chu Feng’s absolute strength.Because no one knows how strong Chu Feng is, but it is an indisputable fact that he easily slaughters the two masters who have won each other. He is a disciple of Qinglong Zong and an indisputable fact.Therefore, people all know that as long as there are Chu family members in the Chu family, no one can resist the Chu family in this area. Because this young person is really terrible.Even if they had heard of the name of genius, they never saw the real genius. But today they opened their eyes and learned that what is truly a genius and a true genius is that even if there is an absolutely impossible victory, But it can also easily kill seniors who are one step above their own.When almost all people in the entire Yanwu Stadium expressed their obedience to the Chu family, Chu Feng slowly set foot on the high platform and glanced at the people:"Since all of you have expressed their position, then I will not be in a circle. From today on, everything in the entire town of Chuanshan is counted by my Chu family. I only have two words to obey.""I want you to be convinced, not oral, sincerely for the sake of the table. Please drop it down.""What? What does this mean?" And Chu Feng said this, everyone was shocked and felt overwhelmed."I didn't understand enough? Then I once again stressed that I want you all to kneel down." Suddenly, Chu Feng's face turned cold, and a full-bodied murderous gas filled the entire Yanwu field.At this moment, people were all scared and frightened. They did not even dare to hesitate at all. All of Qi's paintings squatted on the ground. Almost all of the Yanwu Fields were still standing.All of them were surrendered, whether they had previously shown their goodness to the Chu family, or remained neutral, even the Chu family, and even the owner of the family who had been killed by the Chu family, all of them fell down.Those people are not without dignity. They are only facing the threat of death. They have to put down their dignity.Looking around, all the people who leaned over the ground, the people of the Chu family were amazed.In particular, many of them, who had previously played against them, wanted to put them to death, but in an instant they actually fell in front of them. This made the Chu family feel unbelievable.Especially the Chu Yuan, he stood beside Chu Feng and looked at his son, who was only fifteen. His heart was extremely complicated because he felt that Chu Feng was more like a homeowner than himself.No, it can't be said to be the owner of the house, because Chu Xun's show of tolerance is by no means a comparison of a small family leader. This is the true style of the king."The Chu family is really a big prestige, and I don't think it's true that this depends on the country."You really don't have a chance to go down on a kid who doesn't even have a long hair. Do you have any dignity?"At this moment, a loud voice suddenly sounded and it was expected that the team would slowly walk into Yanwu Stadium. The first person to speak was a capable old man.This team is known to all who are present. It is a group of forces in the mountains. It is called the Tigers Escort, and that lean old man is the treasurer of the Escort, who is known as the Lin Dispenser.This Lin dispensers is an outsider, relying on his own strength and strength, with a voter in his own hands, helping each family to take delivery of goods, but also won a place in this backing.However, compared with a family such as the Chu family, the Tigers' Escort and the Chu family are still inferior. Usually, he is too late to respect the respect of the Chu family. Today, he dares to say these words. It is indeed puzzling."The miscellaneous account, a countryman outside the district, dares to speak like this. I think you are really impatient.""Yes, dare not to obey the Chu family, he is looking for death."At this moment, before the Chu family made a speech, several of the forces who had passed along the Chu family took the lead and blew up the pot. The impetuous ones rushed to the people of the Tigers.Naturally, they want to win the favor of the Chu family. After all, the Chu family’s reunification with this mountain is a foregone conclusion. As long as Chu Feng is there, the Chu family’s future achievements can be said to be limitless, and this time, it is they The best time to flatter.Only in the face of the masses of people who had been filled with murder and forced themselves, the Lin's treasurer was not afraid of fear. Instead, he took a token from his arms and lifted it high. He shouted: "I have purple gold. With the token in hand, who would dare to move me?""What? Purple Gold Token!!!"After hearing this, people were all shocked. The murderous people quickly stopped the pace and focused their gaze on the token.It does not matter if this does not matter. People's faces suddenly become ironic, and an invisible fear rises in the heart. It is hard to say that the past is no longer beneficial to the fierce tigers, and some people are beginning to recede.Five hundred miles away from the mountain, there is a city called Zijin City. The strength of the Forbidden City is to control the land in a radius of a thousand miles. It is the true ruler of the mountains.Just because the mountains are too remote and the resources are not strong, the Forbidden City has not managed the backing. This has caused many families to jointly occupy the backing.And the purple gold token is the confession of the owner of Zijin City. Only the tokens that you can possess, see the tokens, see the landlord, and everyone must worship.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!