The ninety-seventh chapter army came (plus 55) "Purple gold token, that actually is a purple gold token, this forest old man, how could this kind of thing?"All people's faces have changed, because the meaning of the purple gold token is no less important, than the Qinglong flag brought back by Chu Feng, but also has deterrent.In the final analysis, Tsing Lung Tsung is even more powerful. It is also only a party door. He can deter all forces, but he cannot command all parties.However, this Zijin City is different. Although it is inferior to the Qinglong Emperor in terms of its background and strength, it is the overlord of this side. The so-called strong dragon is difficult to suppress the headed snake.And there is a chain relationship between the city and the city. Zijin City is a second-class city. He leads his own land, but there is a first-class city above him. That is in terms of strength, not inferior to Qinglong. city.On top of the first-class cities, there are palaces. The strength of the palace is very strong. It is not even weaker than the first case of Lingyun in the territory of Qingzhou.However, the main thing is that behind the palace, there is also a monster, that is, Jiang's dynasty, the overlord of the entire Kyushu continent.In other words, although the Jiang’s dynasty did not govern the development of various forces, it did not directly manage the territory of Kyushu. However, he actually established a complete management system on the mainland of Kyushu. Everything on Kyushu’s mainland is in ginger. In the control of the royal family.This created a situation in which Sinmun was strong again, but it was always a party force. Even though the cities of the parties were weak, behind him there was the imperial backing.Zongmen can shoot at other sects, but there are few sects that dare to provoke which cities because they cannot afford it.Therefore, for many families who are within the jurisdiction of Zijin City, the name of this Zijin City is more scary than Qinglongzong. The deterrence power of the Zijin Token is far greater than that of the Qinglong Banner.“Seeing the purple gold token, we are not going to squat quickly.” To see people showing fear and fear, Lin’s treasurer came with arrogance and even pointed to everyone and shouted loudly.And when he spoke, he really surprised everyone. Actually, many people really broke down. In particular, Zhao Li and her two families saw the life-saving straw and even turned to the Lin Treasurer. Come.For such a scene, Chu Feng brow wrinkled, all eyes in his eyes, he suddenly understood a word, know what is called, the wall grass with the wind down, because at this moment, in front of him there is such a group of people."Why don't you still squat, don't you dare to put this purple gold token in your eyes, dare you not look down on the Lord of the City?" There are still many people who are not kneeling."I see who dared to give him a bow." Upon seeing this, Chu Feng was also yelling.After listening to Chu Feng’s words, those who wanted to kneel down did become entangled and caught up in a dilemma. Although Zijin City was very powerful, but after all, the emperor of Shan Gao was transported by only one token. Play the role of deterrence.At the moment, Chu Feng is the most powerful person here. If they are anxious for Chu Feng, they can all be strangled by Chu Feng’s temper."Chu Feng, your kid is so brave, even dared to violate the rules of the Zijin City, see the purple gold token is not only unruly, but also dare to intimidate others. Do you want to against the Zijin City, and the Jiang dynasty against it?" The Lin dispensers pointed to Chu Feng and his words were full of threats."How do you do it? Do you believe it or not? I'll kill you now." And Chu Feng not only did not fear, but he reproached."Feng Er, do not mess, his purple gold token is true, you must not shot him, or Zijin City will not let you."See Chu Feng really moved the murderous plane, Chu Yuan can be scared, and quickly grabbed Chu Feng's sleeves, fearing Chu Feng's shot to the Lin dispensers."Ha ha ha, Chu Yuan, you know the phase." Looking at the appearance of Chu Yuan, Lin dispensers laughed loudly and then said in a loud voice:“I don’t say anything about you. Now that the city’s owners of Zijin City are aware of the fact that they are inside the mountains and found the Xuan Iron Mine, the Lord of the Landlords is leading the brigade and they are here. I believe they will arrive soon.”"So, from this point onwards, in the mountains, Zijin City will manage it personally, and I am an owner of the city and personally appoint managers.""The Chu family found that the mysterious iron ore mine was active and it was up to you to do the mining of the mysterious iron ore mine in the future. However, all of the ore mined must be handed over to Zijin City and must not be embezzled, otherwise they will be corrupted."The words of Lin's dispensers have already explained everything. Now the army of Zijin City is rushing here. This is called Chu Feng and others do not want to chaos him, otherwise the Chu family can not escape.As for the purpose of Zijin City, it is for the Xuankuang Mine, and if you want to ask how Zijin City will know the news of the Xuankuang Mine, it is not difficult to understand. Just look at the purple gold token in the hands of the forest treasurer. Know.This old man must have told the Forbidden City about the news, and the Zijin City Lord thought that he had done a good job and rewarded him. The Zijin token and the future of the territory are the evidence.At the moment, Chu Feng, although his face does not change, but his sleeves are already tight grip, he really could not think of, in this backing within the territory, there will be such a sinister old things.However, anger is back to anger and Chu Feng is still sensible. What he can do right now is not to shoot at the Lin's treasurer, but to wait quietly and wait for the army of Zijin City to arrive before making a decision.As a matter of fact, as Lin Lin said in the treasurer, in a few dozens of miles away from the town, a group of people wearing armor and holding swords and razor-sharp troops are approaching.This is a large group of people and horses. There are more than a thousand people. The strength is not to be underestimated. The weakest is the Wujin Wuling. Those who ride horses are all masters of Yuanwujing, especially the first ones. The strength is even more remarkable.This is a Han who has passed through the middle age. He is not wearing armor, but wearing a loose robe with a purple robe and carved dragons carved in gold.It's not easy to look at what he wears. His face is not simple. His body exudes a unique temperament. This temperament is something that the people around it do not have. The most important thing is his strength. He is actually a The hero of Jiuyuan Wu Jiu Zhong, only one step away, can step into the Xuanwu territory, and he is the owner of Zijin City, Chen Hui.Recently, there was a shortage of resources in Zijin City. Chen Hui was worried about the above taxation. At this time, he received intelligence. He heard that the Xuan Iron Mine was found in the mountains. This made him ecstatically happy. Not only did he appreciate that person's Zijinling. The card, even personally with a horse, came to see the town.At the moment, while he was humming a little song, he was chatting with his own men. Suddenly he found a man in front of the road and stopped their way.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!