Chapter 98 With the pressure on people, Chen Hui and many other officers were all eyes brightened because the one who stood in the path and stopped them was a beautiful, graceful woman.Really beautiful, the United States to let people just look at one, it will not help heart rate, that day skin, that sweet face, that proud body, is simply the all-male aspire.Only this woman is beautiful enough, but her temperament is not simple, especially if she dares to stand alone. In front of the army of thousands of people, it is enough to show her courage and bad people."This girl, I don't know the name. You are waiting for us. But is it okay?"After all, Chen Hui was one of the city's owners. The old and spicy experience made him feel that the beautiful woman in front of him was mostly a bad person, so he simply stopped to inquire."My name is Su Rou, but it is the Elder of the Qing Longzong Gate. Waiting here for Chen Chengzhu really has something to do to help Chen Chengzhu." Su Luu smiled."I can't think of the girl being so young, she made an elders of Qinglong Zong. Chen admires what the girl has to say." Chen Hui responded with a smile.“I know Chen Chengzhu's visit was for the Xuan Iron Mine in the town of Xuanshan. But the Xujiao Iron Mine was found in the Chu family in the town. Today, it is also under the control of the Chu family. I have some connections with the Chu family, so I hope Chen. The city owner can give me a face, do not intervene in the black iron mine." Su soft smiled back, tone down is also polite.And when he heard this, Chen Hui was looking at his face, and he was calm and smiling. He smiled calmly: “The girl Su Lurong said wrongly. This backing is within my jurisdiction, so the backing is in the mountains. People should be under my control and rely on the things in the mountains."Not to mention the mysterious iron mine, it is a huge asset. I can't give it away. I just said that I don't know anything with the girl. I don't need to sell you face because it's my inner affairs in Zijin City. It's not you, even if you are the sovereign of Qinglong, you have no right to interfere.""Chen Chengzhu is really a big deal. You said that I have no right to interfere in Zijin City. My Sulu has to intervene once. I have to look at it. Who can you do today without my permission? Walk here."All of a sudden, Su Rouzhi's fingers leaned out, pointing at the road ahead, and an invisible energy burst out and plunged a deep hole on the road ahead.Then Su Luwan's arm waved, and between the dust, a deep ditch mark appeared on the road and separated the road."I'm going to look at you guys who are really arrogant. How did you stop me from waiting?"Seeing Su Lu's move, Zi Jincheng officers and men are all extremely angry and control the horses under their knees. They release the first layer of Yuan forces and then rush aggressively against Su Lu.As the horse galloped and the Yuanli lingered, under the trampling of the iron hooves and Yuanli, the earth beneath their feet shrieked and began to vibrate violently.However, for the actions of the generals of Zijin City, Su Rou looked at it and only laughed and looked at it until the army was about to step into that boundary. Surou's face was only slightly changed.I saw a flurry of her snow-white dress, among which was a layer of visible gas.The gas was extremely powerful and swept through. Those soldiers who were in the Yuan Dynasty were all turned upside down and were blown back hard.At this moment, Chen Hui shines brightly, because he already feels that Su Rou's atmosphere is not Yuan Li, but Xuan Li. The beautiful young woman in front of him is actually a strong Xuanwu.Although Xuanwujing is separated from him by only a gleam of line, its strength may be vastly different. If Sulu’s strength is strong enough, even if they are handed down by thousands of people, they may not be Sulu’s opponents. This is Xuanwujing. The great place.At one time, there was a strong man from the top of the Xuanwu territory. He alone destroyed a second-class gate. To know that second-class gate, there were not only hundreds of thousands of disciples, but also the strong ones in Xuanwujing, but they were there. In front of it, it was still vulnerable.Therefore, when Chen Hui discovered that Su Rou turned out to be a master of Xuanwujing, his calm face finally emerged with a touch of worry and a dignified path:"I don't think Su Murakami is so powerful. The strong ones in the Xuanwu area can really block me.""Just because you are Elder Zongmen, you should know the rules of Sungmun. If you obstruct me like this, will you not be afraid of getting trouble for Qinglong in the future?""Trouble? Are you really not keeping Qinglong in your eyes, or are you still not putting me in your eyes? Although there is a rule in the territory of Kyushu not to interfere with the city, it does not mean that I am afraid of you.""I've kindly requested you to help. You don't know what you're doing, but you dare to threaten me by identity.""Well, I've changed my mind now. I'm not asking you for help now, but I'm ordering you to do things for me." Su Rou walked slowly, actually actively crossed the boundary and walked toward Chen Hui."What do you want to do? You dare to be unfavorable to me. You will make a big disaster for Qinglongzong. You cannot afford to take this responsibility!" At this moment, Chen Hui completely panicked. In the face of a Xuanwu strong, he also Nothing undertook."Dare to speak to me this way, this responsibility can you back from it?" Su Rou's smile is getting colder."You ... what do you mean?"And looking at Su Ling's tough momentum, Chen Hui is the horse that manages his body, and constantly retreats. He subconsciously thinks of an unpleasant situation, that is, the beauty in front of him is definitely more than simple, otherwise he Never say such words."I just wanted to say that if you want to talk about status with me, you are still far from worthy."Su Luan wrist turned, actually appeared a token, and after seeing this token, Chen Hui and the generals behind him, are face change, an indescribable fear of color, rushed to the face.Suddenly, Chen Hui leapt from the top of the horse. He actually slammed down in front of Su Rou and asked in a terrified voice:"I don't know if Miss Second has come here. There were many offenses before. Please also Miss M.2."At this moment, both the warriors of the war and the soldiers behind him fell into disobedience and began to plead guilty to Su Rou.Because Su Lu’s token also came from a city, and the city was a first-class city, and Su Rou’s identity was the second daughter of the Suzaku city’s Lord.But this is not the key. The key point is that Zijin City is just managed by Zhuque City, and Su Rou is just a direct superior of Chen Hui.This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!