In the 99th chapter of the reward and punishment of Yanwu Town, there was a silence and tense atmosphere in the Yanwu Town.Because people can already see that dust is flying in the distance, you can hear that the warhorse growls in the distance, and the army of Zijin City arrives.“Fast, follow me to welcome the Lord of the City.” The Lin dispensers yelled and quickly walked towards the town mouth, as if they had become managers of this backing.Upon seeing this, the people in Yanwuchang did not dare to neglect, but hurried to follow up. If they had any doubts about the forest treasurer before, then when they saw the army of Zijin City, their suspicions had vanished. Completely believed in this previous statement.Looking at the large crowds, although Chu Feng was not willing to do so, he did not have any means. He had to go to the town with the crowd and greet the city owner of Zijin City.Although in his mind, he did not put a purple city in his eyes, but before he had absolute power, he had to give in temporarily, at least for no reason to offend people."Chu Feng, you Chu family, just saw Zijin tokens do not kneel, this event I will report to the Lord of the Lord." To the mouth of the town, Lin dispensers cold to Chu Feng said."Whatever you are." Chu Feng gave him a look, too lazy to spend more time with this ambiguous person."Hey, wait for you to suffer." And Lin's dispensers were cold, and the smirk at the corner of his mouth grew gloomy.In the eyes of countless people, the sound of roaring got closer and closer. People quickly saw the figure of the army of Zijin City between the dust.Looking at the armor, the neat and orderly army of Zijin City, almost everyone was shocked by that momentum.At this moment, those who had a holiday with the Chu family were sceptical in their hearts and felt that most of the people in the Chu family had to make a disaster. Just think about what Chu Feng’s arrogance had before and think about the situation that Chu Feng will face. They do not mention how excited.Under the eyes of all the people, the army of Zijin City, under the leadership of Chen Hui, has arrived at the entrance to the village of Qianshan Town."I wait to meet the Lord of the Lord!"Upon seeing this, the Linchang shopkeeper hurried down. At the same time, many people present were paralyzed. Even the Chu family members were paralyzed. They did not dare to ignore the arrogance of the highest officials of the Purple City. But Chu Feng alone is still on the ground."Brilliant Chu Feng, see the Lord of the City adults, but also not quickly squat." Lin dispensers pointed to Chu Feng Road."There are gold under the knees of men. I can not worship other people besides the benevolent benefactors of Chu Feng. How can I bow down to others?"The words of Chu Feng were said by Chen Hui. There was no trace of fear in his eyes but they were very magnanimous. Because this is his heart, in addition to the benevolent benefactors, even if he is killed, he will not bow to others. This is a matter of dignity.People, even if it is yielding, there is a bottom line, and Chu Feng's bottom line is that it can be a snoring, but the killing will not be squatting on others.And Chu Feng's words came out. They could scare Chu Yuan and others and both felt that Chu Feng would anger Chen Hui.As for the Lin Dispensers and others, they were overjoyed. Although they knew that Chu Feng was bold, they did not expect it to be so bold. This was simply in front of the crowd, provoking Chen Hui and playing Chen Hui's face.Can be in the crowd, waiting to see a good show, want to see Chen Hui how to deal with Chu Feng, Chen Hui is a slight smile, jumped from the moment, went to Chufeng.At the same time, several generals behind him also jumped immediately from behind, followed behind Chen Hui and headed to Chufeng.“You are Chu Feng?” Chen Hui looked at Chu Feng with a smile and looked in the eye with a touch of appreciation."It is me." Chu Feng is not humble."Sure enough, the hero was young, and this kind of momentum is so old. It's rare." For Chen Feng's attitude, Chen Hui was not angry and laughed and then looked around at the Chu family. "Which is Chufeng?" father?""Back to the city of the Lord adults, in the next Chu Yuan is the father of Chu Feng, young children are young, the speech may be too straight, but also hope that the adult Lord of the city." Chu Yuan also thought that Chen Hui would be bad for Chu Feng, quickly pleaded for Chu Feng ."Well, what the Chu family is talking about, you can have such a son is your blessing, but also the blessing of my Zijin City. This must be cultivated.""You Chu discovered that the Xuan Iron Mine was active, so I rewarded you with Chu Feng and a thousand Lingzhu, which allowed him to go further and win glory for the Purple City in Qinglong.""As for the Xuan Iron Mine, you are responsible for the exploitation of Chu House. The mining proceeds do not need to be handed over to Zijin City. All belong to your Chu family.""In addition, from now on, this is the territory that is backed by the Chu family. If you dare not to listen to your orders, you will defy me. I will dispose of them in accordance with the law, and I will never mercy."Chen Hui's voice was extremely loud, and at the moment, the surroundings were quiet. All his words were clearly printed into the ears of the crowd.At this moment, except for Zi Jincheng, almost everyone was stunned and surprised. Not to mention the Lin dispensers, who wanted to see Chu family ugly. Even Chu Yuan and other Chu family members felt puzzled. I don't know. The measures.What's happening here? The city owner of Zijin City not only did not criticize the Chu family because of Chu Feng’s attitude, but also rewarded Chu Feng with a thousand Lingzhu and a thousand Lingzhu!This does not count, and the mysterious iron ore will be disposed of by the Chu family. The value of the mysterious iron mine is far more than a thousand Lingzhu. If it is fully exploited, it is absolutely worth tens of thousands of Lingzhu, which is incalculable. property.The most important thing is that the Chu family is still in charge of this territory. What is going on here? If the Chu family is in charge of this, then what is that Lin dispenser?“The Lord of the Landlord, this...you...you didn't mean to say that this is on the inside of the mountain and is being managed by my fierce Tiger Escort?”Sure enough, at the moment the Lin dispensers could no longer keep going, and quickly got up and trembled in front of Chen Hui, whispering in low tone.Upon seeing this, Chen Hui looked palely, and looked at the forest dispensers with an extremely cold gaze. He said: "You are misbehaving. You are not worthy of me. Come, ah, take this person's purple gold token and take it back! ”This book starts from 17K novel network, the first time to see genuine content!